Diagnostic and prognostic value of triglyceride glucose index: a comprehensive evaluation of meta-analysis$$$ Objective: The present umbrella review aims to collate and summarize the findings from previous meta-analyses on the Triglyceride and Glucose (TyG) Index, providing insights to clinicians, researchers, and policymakers regarding the usefulness of this biomarker in various clinical settings. Methods: A comprehensive search was conducted in PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science up to April 14, 2024, without language restrictions. The AMSTAR2 checklist assessed the methodological quality of the included meta-analyses. Statistical analyses were performed using Comprehensive Meta-Analysis (CMA) software. Results: A total of 32 studies were finally included. The results revealed significant associations between the TyG index and various health outcomes. For kidney outcomes, a high TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of contrast-induced nephropathy (CIN) (OR = 2.24, 95% CI: 1.82–2.77) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) (RR = 1.46, 95% CI: 1.32–1.63). High TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (RR = 3.53, 95% CI: 2.74–4.54), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (OR = 2.41, 95% CI: 1.48–3.91), and diabetic retinopathy (DR) (OR = 2.34, 95% CI: 1.31–4.19). Regarding metabolic diseases, the TyG index was significantly higher in patients with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) (SMD = 0.86, 95% CI: 0.57–1.15), metabolic syndrome (MD = 0.83, 95% CI: 0.74–0.93), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) (OR = 2.36, 95% CI: 1.88–2.97) compared to those without these conditions. In cerebrovascular diseases, a higher TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of dementia (OR = 1.14, 95% CI: 1.12–1.16), cognitive impairment (OR = 2.31, 95% CI: 1.38–3.86), and ischemic stroke (OR = 1.37, 95% CI: 1.22–1.54). For cardiovascular outcomes, the TyG index showed significant associations with an increased risk of heart failure (HF) (HR = 1.21, 95% CI: 1.12–1.30), atrial fibrillation (AF) (SMD = 1.22, 95% CI: 0.57–1.87), and hypertension (HTN) (RR = 1.52, 95% CI: 1.25–1.85). Conclusion: The TyG index is a promising biomarker for screening and predicting various medical conditions, particularly those related to insulin resistance and metabolic disorders. However, the heterogeneity and methodological quality of the included studies suggest the need for further high-quality research to confirm these findings and refine the clinical utility of the TyG index. Graphical abstract: (Figure presented.)
Effect of perinatal consumption of low-calorie sweetener on maternal health: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background and aims: Evidence regarding perinatal low-calorie (or artificial) sweetener (LCS) consumption and its effect on maternal health outcomes is limited and inconclusive. The primary outcomes of our systematic review and meta-analysis were the effect of preconception and pregnancy LCS exposure on reproductive and pregnancy outcomes. Secondary outcomes included long-term maternal health. Methods: A systematic search of electronic databases, including PubMed, Embase, CINAHL, the Cochrane Library, Scopus, Web of Science, PsycINFO, ProQuest Health and Medical, ClinicalTrials.gov and Google Scholar, was conducted up to 20 November 2023. Primary studies, including clinical trials, cohort studies, case–control studies, which reported any LCS consumption during perinatal period and pregnancy and maternal health outcomes were eligible. A random effects model with restricted maximum likelihood estimation was used for the meta-analysis. We appraised the quality of the included studies using the National Institute of Health study quality appraisal tool and the overall quality of evidence using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation tool. Results: A total of 19 eligible studies with 203,706 participants were included. LCS consumption during pregnancy was associated with 11% increased risk of preterm birth (RR = 1.11, 95% CI: 1.07–1.16, I2 = 0.01%) and 42% increased risk of gestational diabetes (RR = 1.42, 95% CI: 0.98–2.04, I2 = 67.60%) compared with no consumption, however, the effect size for gestational diabetes was not precise as the 95% CI indicated that the effect estimate could range from 2% lower risk to 204% (or 2.04 times) higher risk. We found no association between LCS consumption during pregnancy and gestational weight gain (standardized mean difference (SMD) = 0.04; 95% CI: −0.17 - 0.24, I2 = 41.31%) or gestational age at birth (SMD = 0.00; 95% CI: −0.13 – 0.14, I2 = 80.13%). The effect of LCS consumption on reproductive treatment outcomes were inconsistent. Conclusions: Based on the evidence available, LCS consumption in pregnancy was associated with increased risk of preterm birth and gestational diabetes. Robust research, such as well-designed randomized trials and large prospective cohort studies, is required to confirm the causal effect of LCS consumption during perinatal period on adverse maternal health outcomes.
Overt hypothyroidism in pregnancy and language development in offspring: is there an association?$$$ Purpose: Overt hypothyroidism during pregnancy is linked to various obstetric complications, such as premature birth and fetal death. While some studies have shown that maternal hypothyroidism can impact a child's Intelligence Quotient (IQ) and language development, findings are controversial. The aim of this study was to explore the connection between treated maternal hypothyroidism during pregnancy and offspring neurodevelopment, focusing on learning and language and examining related maternal obstetric complications. Methods: Group 1 included 31 hypothyroid women with elevated thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) (> 10 mU/L, > 10 µIU/mL) during pregnancy, and Group 2 had 21 euthyroid women with normal TSH levels (0.5–2.5 mU/L, 0.5–2.5 µIU/mL). Children underwent neuropsycological assessments using the Griffiths-II scale. Results: Pregnancy outcome showed an average gestational age at delivery of 38.2 weeks for hypothyroid women, compared to 40 weeks for controls, and average birth weight of 2855.6 g versus 3285 g for controls, with hypothyroid women having children with higher intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) prevalence and more caesarean sections. The 1-min APGAR score was lower for the hypothyroid group's children, at 8.85 versus 9.52. Neuropsychological outcomes showed children of hypothyroid mothers scored lower in neurocognitive development, particularly in the learning and language subscale (subscale C), with a notable correlation between higher maternal TSH levels and lower subscale scores. Conclusion: Fetuses born to hypothyroid mothers appeared to be at higher risk of IUGR and reduced APGAR score at birth. Neurocognitive development seemed to affect language performance more than the developmental quotient. This alteration appeared to correlate with the severity of hypothyroidism and its duration.
Nervonic acid triggered ovarian inflammation by inducing mitochondrial oxidative stress to activate NLRP3/ IL-1β pathway$$$ INTRODUCTION: Metabolic syndrome is a serious public health concern across the globe. However, the typical metabolites and mechanisms underlying the decreased fertility related to metabolic syndrome is still elusive. OBJECTIVES: The aim of the present study was to explore the typical metabolites and mechanisms underlying the decreased fertility related with metabolic syndrome. METHODS: Utilizing metabolomics, a comparative analysis was conducted on fatty acid compositions in various tissues of sows with high and low reproductive performance. Additionally, serum fatty acid compositions in a metabolic syndrome model (obese mice) induced by a high-fat diet (HFD) were investigated to elucidate the lipid metabolites associated with metabolic syndrome. Furthermore, the impact of nervonic acid (NA) on ovarian function was examined using rodent animal models (rats and mice). Through biological techniques such as transcriptomics, CUT&Tag, and analysis of post-translational protein modifications, the molecular mechanisms underlying NA mediated ovarian inflammation were further elucidated based on models utilizing ovarian granulosa cells from pigs, humans, and mice. Finally, validation was performed on ovaries from patients diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome. RESULTS: In vitro, targeted serum lipidomic analysis revealed that sows with low embryo survival rates exhibited abnormal lipid metabolism characterized by abnormal accumulation of NA in the liver, ovary, and adipose tissue. Additionally, elevated NA levels trigger ovarian inflammation to cause ovarian dysfunction in both sows and rats. Mechanistically, NA induce mitochondrial oxidative stress through inhibiting respiratory chain proteins CYTB and NDFUB8 to activate NLRP3 inflammasome, which triggers procaspase-1 into active caspase-1, and convert the cytokine precursors pro-IL-1β into biologically active IL-1β in ovarian granulosa cells. Notably, we evidenced that NA promotes IL-1β activities by increasing H3K9ac modification level of IL-1β promoter regions and regulating the expression of the transcription factor AP-1. Finally, we found that the decreased expression of CerS2 in ovaries and the increased level of chemokine CXCL14 may be the cause of abnormal NA accumulation. Surprisingly, individuals with polycystic ovary syndrome, obesity, non-alcoholic fatty liver or gestational diabetes mellitus exhibit a high level of serum NA. CONCLUSION: Collectively, our current study suggests that NA is a typical metabolite of metabolic syndrome, which strongly influences the ovarian function and embryo survival and also provides that interfering with mitochondrial ROS production is a potential strong strategy for target solving abnormal NA accumulation.
Metformin beyond type 2 diabetes: Emerging and potential new indications$$$ Metformin is best known as a foundational therapy for type 2 diabetes but is also used in other contexts in clinical medicine with a number of emerging and potential indications. Many of its beneficial effects may be mediated by modest effects on weight loss and insulin sensitivity, but it has multiple other known mechanisms of action. Current clinical uses beyond type 2 diabetes include: polycystic ovarian syndrome; diabetes in pregnancy/gestational diabetes; prevention of type 2 diabetes in prediabetes; and adjunct therapy in type 1 diabetes. As metformin has been in clinical use for almost 70 years, much of the underpinning evidence for its use in these conditions is, by definition, based on trials conducted before the advent of contemporary evidence-based medicine. As a result, some of the above-established uses are ‘off-label’ in many regulatory territories and their use varies accordingly in different countries. Going forward, several current ‘repurposing’ investigational uses of metformin are also being investigated: prevention of cancer (including in Li Fraumeni syndrome), renal protection, Alzheimer's disease, metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease and promotion of healthy ageing. Despite the longevity of metformin and its important current roles beyond type 2 diabetes in clinical medicine, it has further potential and much research is ongoing.
Unraveling the potential of coronary artery calcium scoring in non-cardiovascular disease risk: A critical review$$$ Background and Aims: With the tremendous success of Coronary Artery Calcium (CAC) scoring in cardiology, its potential in assessing non-cardiovascular diseases is being explored. Emerging evidence suggests that higher CAC scores are associated with increased risk of non-cardiovascular diseases and all-cause mortality. With this review the authors aim to compile evidence on the potential of CAC in assessing non-cardiovascular diseases. Methods: A literature review was done on scholarly databases of PubMed, Scopus, Google Scholar, Embase and Web of Science using appropriate keywords to explore the evolving role of CAC for non-cardiovascular diseases. Results: A growing body of literature validates the role of CAC scoring for screening and risk assessment of non-cardiovascular diseases. In pulmonology, studies have concluded a direct link between CAC scores and diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), pulmonary embolism, and pneumonia. In endocrinology, a direct association has been observed between CAC scores and incidence of diabetes, gestational diabetes, chronic kidney diseases (CKD), and osteoporosis. In gastroenterology, an association has been concluded between CAC scores and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), hepatic steatosis, nephrolithiasis, and in predicting early post-operative cardiovascular complications in liver transplant recipients. In neurology, CAC scores can predict the incidence of stroke and dementia. In psychiatry, CAC scores have been employed for estimating risk of erectile dysfunction and personality disorders. Several autoimmune diseases like psoriasis, systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), and malignancies (e.g., lung and colorectal cancer) have also been associated with CAC scores. Conclusions: The review of literature strongly suggests an association of CAC scores with various diseases, which can facilitate early disease diagnosis and prognosis. Furthermore, CAC can help assess the risk of cardiovascular conditions developing secondary to many non-cardiovascular diseases. With ample data and research studies, the application of CAC in non-cardiovascular diseases can be justified and its role in providing preventative care can be further explored.
Dysbiosis During Pregnancy Caused by Diet Leading To Gestational Obesity And Other Related Disease: A Review$$$ Gestational weight gain leads to several complications during pregnancy and the postpartum period. More than 60% of pregnant women exceed the weight gain goal, resulting in postpartum weight retention and difficulties during delivery in caesarean. Recent research has shown the significant impact of gut microorganisms on the metabolic alterations that affect the physiology of pregnant women, leading to the development of metabolic disorders such as gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational obesity, various cardiovascular diseases, and non-alcoholic liver diseases. The makeup of the gut microbiota undergoes modification throughout both the first and third trimesters of pregnancy. The diet consumed during this era undergoes significant modifications, leading to the development of dysbiosis. While the alteration of gut microorganisms is often transitory and returns to its former condition over time, in some instances it might result in enduring metabolic patterns. The levels of Akkermansia, Bifidobacterium, and Firmicutes have increased, and these bacteria are linked to an increased need for storing energy. This study discusses the correlation of diet and demographic factors with microbial changes during pregnancy resulting in gestational obesity and other related complications in women in Northeast India.
The relationship between advanced liver fibrosis and osteoporosis in type 2 diabetes patients with MAFLD$$$ Purpose: To investigate the relationship between advanced liver fibrosis and osteoporosis in metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: A total of 1144 T2DM patients were divided into the MAFLD and non-MAFLD groups, 460 T2DM patients with MAFLD (277 males aged ≥50 years and 183 postmenopausal females) were divided into N1 (advanced liver fibrosis excluded), N2 (indeterminate advanced liver fibrosis), and N3 (advanced liver fibrosis) groups according to the non-alcoholic fatty liver fibrosis score (NFS), the differences in bone mineral density (BMD) levels and prevalence of osteoporosis were compared. Based on the tertile levels of BMD of the lumbar spine (L), T2DM patients were divided into three groups (T1, T2, and T3), and the differences in the prevalence of advanced liver fibrosis were compared. Results: The BMD levels of the L4, and L1-4 in the MAFLD group were lower than those of the non-MAFLD groups in male and female T2DM patients.The BMD levels of the total hip, L4, and L1-4 in the N3 group were lower than those of the N2 and N1 groups in male and female T2DM patients with MAFLD, and the prevalence of osteoporosis in the N3 group of males was higher than that in the N1 group. The BMD levels of the total hip, L4, and L1-4 were negatively correlated with NFS in both males and females. The BMD levels of the total hip and L4 in males, and the BMD level of L4 in females were negatively associated with NFS. The prevalence of advanced liver fibrosis was higher in the T1 group than in the T2 and T3 groups in T2DM patients with MAFLD. Conclusion: The BMD levels in male aged ≥50 years or postmenopausal female diabetic patients with MAFLD were negatively correlated with the degree of advanced liver fibrosis, which means an increased risk of liver fibrosis with decreasing BMD.
Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus present an accumulation of cardiovascular risk factors at age 46—A birth cohort study$$$ Introduction: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is globally increasing, and it has been associated with later type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, long-term population-based studies investigating common CVD risk factors years after pregnancy are lacking. To evaluate the future mortality and morbidity in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, we conducted a thorough investigation of midlife risk factors in women with and without previous GDM. Material and Methods: A prospective population-based cohort study was conducted of 3173 parous women from the Northern Finland Birth Cohort, 1966. Study participants were obtained from the national register or patient records. Those with a GDM diagnosis formed the GDM cohort (n = 271), and those without a previous GDM diagnosis formed the control cohort (n = 2902). Clinical examinations were performed on participants at the age of 46 and included anthropometric measurements, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), biochemical measurements, and cardiovascular assessment. Results: At the age of 46, women in the GDM cohort had a higher body mass index (BMI, 29.0 kg/m2 vs 26.3 kg/m2, p < 0.001) and greater waist circumference (94.1 cm vs 86.5 cm, p < 0.001) than the control cohort. In the GDM cohort, a higher incidence of impaired glucose tolerance (12.6% vs 7.3%, p = 0.002), more previously diagnosed and OGTT-detected type 2 diabetes (23.3% vs 3.9%, p < 0.001), lower high-density lipoprotein (1.53 mmol/L vs 1.67 mmol/L, p = 0.011), higher triglycerides (1.26 mmol/L vs 1.05 mmol/L, p = 0.002) and a higher fatty liver index (6.82 vs 2.47, p < 0.001), were observed even after adjusting for BMI, polycystic ovary syndrome, parity, level of education, physical activity, smoking, and alcohol consumption. The women in the GDM cohort also had more MetS (42.6% vs 21.9%, p < 0.001) and higher risk scores for CVD and fatal events (Framingham 4.95 vs 3.60, p < 0.001; FINRISK 1.71 vs 1.08, p < 0.001). Conclusions: Women with a previous diagnosis of GDM exhibit more risk factors for CVD in midlife and are at a higher risk for cardiovascular events later in life.
The interplay between birth weight and obesity in determining childhood and adolescent cardiometabolic risk$$$ Background: Birth weight (BW) is associated with risk of cardiometabolic disease (CMD) in adulthood, which may depend on the state of obesity, in particular if developed at a young age. We hypothesised that BW and a polygenic score (PGS) for BW were associated with cardiometabolic risk and related plasma protein levels in children and adolescents. We aimed to determine the modifying effect of childhood obesity on these associations. Methods: We used data from The cross-sectional HOLBAEK Study with 4263 participants (median [IQR] age, 11.7 [9.2, 14.3] years; 57.1% girls and 42.9% boys; 48.6% from an obesity clinic and 51.4% from a population-based group). We gathered information on BW and gestational age, anthropometrics, cardiometabolic risk factors, calculated a PGS for BW, and measured plasma proteins using Olink Inflammation and Cardiovascular II panels. We employed multiple linear regression to examine the associations with BW as a continuous variable and performed interaction analyses to assess the effect of childhood obesity on cardiometabolic risk and plasma protein levels. Findings: BW and a PGS for BW associated with cardiometabolic risk and plasma protein levels in childhood and adolescence. Childhood obesity modified the associations between BW and measures of insulin resistance, including HOMA-IR (βadj [95% CI per SD] for obesity: −0.12 [−0.15, −0.08]; normal weight: −0.04 [−0.08, 0.00]; Pinteraction = 0.004), c-peptide (obesity: −0.11 [−0.14, −0.08]; normal weight: −0.02 [−0.06, 0.02]; Pinteraction = 5.05E-04), and SBP SDS (obesity: −0.12 [−0.16, −0.08]; normal weight: −0.06 [−0.11, −0.01]; Pinteraction = 0.0479). Childhood obesity also modified the associations between BW and plasma levels of 14 proteins (e.g., IL15RA, MCP1, and XCL1; Pinteraction < 0.05). Interpretation: We identified associations between lower BW and adverse metabolic phenotypes, particularly insulin resistance, blood pressure, and altered plasma protein levels, which were more pronounced in children with obesity. Developing effective prevention and treatment strategies for this group is needed to reduce the risk of future CMD. Funding: Novo Nordisk Foundation (NNF15OC0016544, NNF0064142 to T.H., NNF15OC0016692 to T.H. and A.K., NNF18CC0033668 to S.E.S, NNF18SA0034956 to C.E.F., NNF20SA0067242 to DCA, NNF18CC0034900 to NNF CBMR), The Innovation Fund Denmark (0603-00484B to T.H.), The Danish Cardiovascular Academy (DCA) and the Danish Heart Foundation (HF) (PhD2021007-DCA to P.K.R, 18-R125-A8447-22088 (HF) and 21-R149-A10071-22193 (HF) to M.A.V.L., PhD2023009- HF to L.A.H), EU Horizon (668031, 847989, 825694, 964590 to A.K.), Innovative Health Initiative (101132901 for A.K.), A.P. Møller Foundation (19-L-0366 to T.H.), The Danish National Research Foundation, Steno Diabetes Center Sjælland, and The Region Zealand and Southern Denmark Health Scientific Research Foundation.
Postpartum development of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease in a lean mouse model of gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased postpartum risk for metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). GDM-related MASLD predisposes to advanced liver disease, necessitating a better understanding of its development in GDM. This preclinical study evaluated the MASLD development in a lean GDM mouse model with impaired insulin secretion capacity. Lean GDM was induced by short-term 60% high-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin injections (60 mg/kg for 3 days) before mating in C57BL/6N mice. The control dams received only high-fat diet or low-fat diet. Glucose homeostasis was assessed during pregnancy and postpartum, whereas MASLD was assessed on postpartum day 30 (PP30). GDM dams exhibited a transient hyperglycemic phenotype during pregnancy, with hyperglycaemia reappearing after lactation. Lower insulin levels and impaired glucose-induced insulin response were observed in GDM mice during pregnancy and postpartum. At PP30, GDM dams displayed higher hepatic triglyceride content compared controls, along with increased MAS (MASLD) activity scores, indicating lipid accumulation, inflammation, and cell turnover indices. Additionally, at PP30, GDM dams showed elevated plasma liver injury markers. Given the absence of obesity in this double-hit GDM model, the results clearly indicate that impaired insulin secretion driven pregnancy hyperglycaemia has a distinct contribution to the development of postpartum MASLD.
Developmentally programmed obesity: Is there a role for anti-inflammatory nutritional strategies?$$$ Pregnancy represents a period of immense maternal physiological adaptation, with progressive increases in lipid storage potential and insulin resistance to support fetal/placental growth. This requires significant change in the adipose tissue. Women living with obesity/overweight are more susceptible to these changes causing complications such as gestational diabetes. This is particularly worrying as up to 60% of European women are living with overweight/obesity at the onset of pregnancy. Furthermore, less than 1% meet all nutrition guidelines. There is now evidence that these deep metabolic changes can result in a predisposition to metabolic disease in both the mother and child in later life. Health and nutrition status during this period therefore represents a window to future health. This period offers a valuable opportunity for intervention to prevent the negative consequences of poor in utero environments and increases the long-term quality of life for mother and offspring. This review will examine a range of in utero factors which determine adipose tissue development, the impact of these factors on later-life obesity and metabolic health and the therapeutic value of dietary anti-inflammatory nutritional interventions during pregnancy and early life. When it comes to early life nutrition, a ‘one size fits all’ approach is not always appropriate. Understanding the mechanisms of adipose tissue development in response to differing nutritional strategies may be important in the context of complicated or adverse in utero environments and represents a substantial step towards a more personalised nutritional approach for the prevention of obesity, metabolic syndrome and related non-communicable diseases in future generations.
Genus Paeonia monoterpene glycosides: A systematic review on their pharmacological activities and molecular mechanisms$$$ Background: Genus Paeonia, which is the main source of Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) Paeoniae Radix Rubra (Chishao in Chinese), Paeoniae Radix Alba (Baishao in Chinese) and Moutan Cortex (Mudanpi in Chinese), is rich in active pharmaceutical ingredient such as monoterpenoid glycosides (MPGs). MPGs from Paeonia have extensive pharmacological effects, but the pharmacological effects and molecular mechanisms of MPGs has not been comprehensively reviewed. Purpose: MPGs compounds are one of the main chemical components of the genus Paeonia, with a wide variety of compounds and strong pharmacological activities, and the structure of the mother nucleus-pinane skeleton is similar to that of a cage. The purpose of this review is to summarize the pharmacological activity and mechanism of action of MPGs from 2012 to 2023, providing reference direction for the development and utilization of Paeonia resources and preclinical research. Methods: Keywords and phrases are widely used in database searches, such as PubMed, Web of Science, Google Scholar and X-Mol to search for citations related to the new compounds, extensive pharmacological research and molecular mechanisms of MPGs compounds of genus Paeonia. Results: Modern research confirms that MPGs are the main compounds in Paeonia that exert pharmacological effects. MPGs with extensive pharmacological characteristics are mainly concentrated in two categories: paeoniflorin derivatives and albiflflorin derivatives among MPGs, which contains 32 compounds. Among them, 5 components including paeoniflorin, albiflorin, oxypaeoniflorin, 6′-O-galloylpaeoniflorin and paeoniflorigenone have been extensively studied, while the other 28 components have only been confirmed to have a certain degree of anti-inflammatory and anticomplementary effects. Studies of pharmacological effects are widely involved in nervous system, endocrine system, digestive system, immune system, etc., and some studies have identified clear mechanisms. MPGs exert pharmacological activity through multilateral mechanisms, including anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, inhibition of cell apoptosis, regulation of brain gut axis, regulation of gut microbiota and downregulation of mitochondrial apoptosis, etc. Conclusion: This systematic review delved into the pharmacological effects and related molecular mechanisms of MPGs. However, there are still some compounds in MPGs whose pharmacological effects and pharmacological mechanisms have not been clarified. In addition, extensive clinical randomized trials are needed to verify the efficacy and dosage of MPGs.
Healthcare Resource Utilization and Incremental Costs Among Patients with Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis and/or Metabolic Syndrome$$$ Introduction: Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), also known as MASH, and metabolic syndrome (MetS) are associated with considerable morbidity and healthcare costs. However, little is known about the incremental cost of each condition to the other. The aim of this study is to quantify the incremental costs of patients with NASH and MetS. Methods: Adults 18+ years at index with ≥1 diagnosis code for NASH, and/or ≥3 of 4 possible MetS conditions (T2D, Hypertension, Obesity, Hyperlipidemia/Hypercholesterolemia) within 1 year of each other, were identified in the Veradigm Integrated Dataset using electronic health records or claims, between 7/1/2018 and 8/31/2022. Patients with viral hepatitis, alcohol-use disorder or alcoholic liver disease, opioid disorders, cirrhosis, type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes, or bariatric surgery were excluded. Patients had to have ≥12 months of continuous claims enrollment before (baseline) and after (follow-up) the index date. The index date was the latest NASH diagnosis or date when the 3rd MetS criteria was met. Patients were stratified into 3 cohorts: NASH-only, MetS-only, and NASH+MetS. Baseline patient characteristics and healthcare costs were described. We fit a generalized linear model using follow-up costs by excluding outliers (costs in top 1%), then controlling for disease cohort, age, sex, a modified Charlson comorbidity index (mCCI), and flag for index year of 2022, to estimate the per year all-cause healthcare costs and incremental cost of adding MetS to a NASH diagnosis (or vice versa). Incremental costs were estimated by changing from NASH-only or MetSonly to NASH+MetS and observing the change in cost. Results: We identified 37,850 patients with NASH-only, 1,783,918 patients with MetS-only, and 18,906 patients with NASH+MetS. Mean (SD) age was 52.2 (14.7), 61.2 (13.5), and 57.8 (12.3) years for the NASH-only, MetS-only, and NASH+MetS cohorts, respectively. During the baseline, the NASH+MetS cohort had a higher mean (SD) mCCI score of 0.8 (1.3) compared to 0.5 (1.0) for NASH-only and 0.7 (1.2) for MetS-only. 9.0% of the NASH-only cohort had an inpatient admission during follow-up, with mean inpatient costs of $3,533, compared to 14.3% of the MetSonly cohort ($5,845) and 12.0% of the NASH+MetS cohort ($5,773). 25.7%, 27.3%, and 30.7% of the NASH-only, MetS-only, and NASH+MetS cohorts respectively had an emergency department visit during follow-up. The model-predicted mean total cost during follow-up was $12,563 for patients with NASH-only, $14,673 for patients with MetS-only, and $17,818 for patients with NASH+MetS. The incremental increase in costs of adding MetS to NASH was 10.1% (+$1,275). The incremental increase in costs of adding NASH to MetS was 15.1% (+$2,210). Conclusion: Both NASH and MetS contribute to the high healthcare costs among patients with a dual diagnosis of NASH+MetS. Results from our analysis imply that NASH comprises a higher portion of total healthcare costs among patients with NASH and MetS .
Gestational and Developmental Contributors of Pediatric MASLD$$$ Pediatric metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD) is common and can be seen as early as in utero. A growing body of literature suggests that gestational and early life exposures modify the risk of MASLD development in children. These include maternal risk factors, such as poor cardiometabolic health (e.g., obesity, gestational diabetes, rapid weight gain during pregnancy, and MASLD), as well as periconceptional dietary exposures,degree ofphysical activity, intestinalmicrobiome, and smoking. Paternal factors, such as diet and obesity, also appear to play a role. Beyond gestation, early life dietary exposures, as well as the rate of infant weight gain, may further modify the risk of future MASLD development. The mechanisms linking parental health and environmental exposures to pediatric MASLD are complex and not entirely understood. In conclusion, investigating gestational and developmental contributors to MASLD is critical and may identify future interventional targets for disease prevention.
IGF-1 and IGF-2 as Molecules Linked to Causes and Consequences of Obesity from Fetal Life to Adulthood: A Systematic Review$$$ This study examines the impact of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and insulin-like growth factor 2 (IGF-2) on various aspects of children’s health—from the realms of growth and puberty to the nuanced characteristics of metabolic syndrome, diabetes, liver pathology, carcinogenic potential, and cardiovascular disorders. A comprehensive literature review was conducted using PubMed, with a Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) method employing specific keywords related to child health, obesity, and insulin-like growth factors. This study reveals associations between insulin-like growth factor 1 and birth weight, early growth, and adiposity. Moreover, insulin-like growth factors play a pivotal role in regulating bone development and height during childhood, with potential implications for puberty onset. This research uncovers insulin-like growth factor 1 and insulin-like growth factor 2 as potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets for metabolic dysfunction-associated liver disease and hepatocellular carcinoma, and it also highlights the association between insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) and cancer. Additionally, this research explores the impact of insulin-like growth factors on cardiovascular health, noting their role in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy. Insulin-like growth factors play vital roles in human physiology, influencing growth and development from fetal stages to adulthood. The impact of maternal obesity on children’s IGF levels is complex, influencing growth and carrying potential metabolic consequences. Imbalances in IGF levels are linked to a range of health conditions (e.g., insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes), prompting researchers to seek novel therapies and preventive strategies, offering challenges and opportunities in healthcare.
Biological activities, Molecular mechanisms, and Clinical application of Naringin in Metabolic syndrome$$$ Metabolic syndrome has become major health problems in recent decades, and natural compounds receive considerable attention in the management of metabolic syndrome. Among them, naringin is abundant in citrus fruits and tomatoes. Many studies have investigated the therapeutic effects of naringin in metabolic syndrome. This review discusses in vitro and in vivo studies on naringin and implications for clinical trials on metabolic syndrome such as diabetes mellitus, obesity, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, dyslipidemia, and hypertension over the past decades, overviews the molecular mechanisms by which naringin targets metabolic syndrome, and analyzes possible correlations between the different mechanisms. This review provides a theoretical basis for the further application of naringin in the treatment of metabolic syndrome.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes as a risk factor for new-onset metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease in postpartum women: A nationwide study$$$ Background & Aims: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) can worsen cardiometabolic risk factors in women, raising their likelihood of developing cardiometabolic diseases at a young age after their initial pregnancy. Nevertheless, there are limited data on the risk of newly developing metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD) in women who have had APOs. This study aimed to evaluate the risk of new-onset MASLD after experiencing APOs. Methods: Singleton pregnant women who underwent national health screenings 1 year before pregnancy and 1 year after delivery were included in this study. APOs were defined as the presence of at least one of the followings: hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, low birth weight, and placental abruption. The primary outcome was new-onset MASLD based on the presence of APOs. Results: Among 80,037 study participants, 9,320 (11.6%) experienced APOs during pregnancy. Women who experienced APOs had an increased risk of developing new-onset MASLD after delivery even after adjustments for various covariates (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.58, 95% CI 1.45–1.72). In particular, women who experienced either HDP or GDM showed a significantly increased risk of developing new-onset MASLD (adjusted OR 2.20, 95% CI 1.81–2.67, for HDP and adjusted OR 1.83, 95% CI 1.65–2.03, for GDM). Moreover, there was a tendency toward an increased risk of new-onset MASLD according to the number of APOs (p <0.001 for trend of odds). Conclusions: APOs were associated with the risk of new-onset MASLD after delivery. Specifically, only HDP or GDM were identified as risk factors for new-onset MASLD. Impact and implications: This nationwide cohort study confirms that postpartum women with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are at an increased risk of developing metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). These findings may bring us one step closer to understanding the exact mechanisms underlying such an important association between prior APOs and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk among postpartum women. This bidirectional association between APOs and MASLD highlights the importance of considering pregnancy history in assessing CVD risk in women. It suggests a need for closer monitoring and lifestyle interventions for women with a history of APOs to reduce the risk of MASLD and subsequent CVD complications.
Type 2 diabetes and succinate: unmasking an age-old molecule$$$ Beyond their conventional roles in intracellular energy production, some traditional metabolites also function as extracellular messengers that activate cell-surface G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) akin to hormones and neurotransmitters. These signalling metabolites, often derived from nutrients, the gut microbiota or the host’s intermediary metabolism, are now acknowledged as key regulators of various metabolic and immune responses. This review delves into the multi-dimensional aspects of succinate, a dual metabolite with roots in both the mitochondria and microbiome. It also connects the dots between succinate’s role in the Krebs cycle, mitochondrial respiration, and its double-edge function as a signalling transmitter within and outside the cell. We aim to provide an overview of the role of the succinate–succinate receptor 1 (SUCNR1) axis in diabetes, discussing the potential use of succinate as a biomarker and the novel prospect of targeting SUCNR1 to manage complications associated with diabetes. We further propose strategies to manipulate the succinate–SUCNR1 axis for better diabetes management; this includes pharmacological modulation of SUCNR1 and innovative approaches to manage succinate concentrations, such as succinate administration and indirect strategies, like microbiota modulation. The dual nature of succinate, both in terms of origins and roles, offers a rich landscape for understanding the intricate connections within metabolic diseases, like diabetes, and indicates promising pathways for developing new therapeutic strategies. Graphical Abstract: (Figure presented.).
Prenatal Alcohol Exposure and Metabolic Disorders in Pediatrics: The Role of the Oxidative Stress—A Review of the Literature$$$ Prenatal alcohol exposure is responsible for increasing chronic disease risk in later life, including obesity and metabolic syndrome. Alcohol drinking may compromise endogenous antioxidant capacity, causing an increase in free radicals and reactive oxygen species in the newborn. Excessive reactive oxygen species could attack the cellular proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids, leading to cellular dysfunction. Moreover, oxidative stress could play a crucial role in the altered synthesis and release of neurotrophins and progressive mitochondrial modifications with uncontrolled apoptosis. This narrative review aims to underline the important role of alcohol abuse in oxidative stress events and consequent metabolic and neurocognitive impairments in children exposed to alcohol during gestational life.
EXIST: EXamining rIsk of excesS adiposiTy—Machine learning to predict obesity-related complications$$$ Background: Obesity is associated with an increased risk of multiple conditions, ranging from heart disease to cancer. However, there are few predictive models for these outcomes that have been developed specifically for people with overweight/obesity. Objective: To develop predictive models for obesity-related complications in patients with overweight and obesity. Methods: Electronic health record data of adults with body mass index 25–80 kg/m2 treated in primary care practices between 2000 and 2019 were utilized to develop and evaluate predictive models for nine long-term clinical outcomes using a) Lasso-Cox models and b) a machine-learning method random survival forests (RSF). Models were trained on a training dataset and evaluated on a test dataset over 100 replicates. Parsimonious models of <10 variables were also developed using Lasso-Cox. Results: Over a median follow-up of 5.6 years, study outcome incidence in the cohort of 433,272 patients ranged from 1.8% for knee replacement to 11.7% for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Harrell C-index averaged over replicates ranged from 0.702 for liver outcomes to 0.896 for death for RSF, and from 0.694 for liver outcomes to 0.891 for death for Lasso-Cox. The Harrell C-index for parsimonious models ranged from 0.675 for liver outcomes to 0.850 for knee replacement. Conclusions: Predictive modeling can identify patients at high risk of obesity-related complications. Interpretable Cox models achieve results close to those of machine learning methods and could be helpful for population health management and clinical treatment decisions.
N1-methylnicotinamide impairs gestational glucose tolerance in mice$$$ N1-methylnicotinamide (MNAM), a product of methylation of nicotinamide through nicotinamide N-methyltransferase, displays antidiabetic effects in male rodents. This study aimed to evaluate the ameliorative potential of MNAM on glucose metabolism in a gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) model. C57BL/6N mice were fed with a high-fat diet (HFD) for 6 weeks before pregnancy and throughout gestation to establish the GDM model. Pregnant mice were treated with 0.3% or 1% MNAM during gestation. MNAM supplementation in CHOW diet and HFD both impaired glucose tolerance at gestational day 14.5 without changes in insulin tolerance. However, MNAM supplementation reduced hepatic lipid accumulation as well as mass and inflammation in visceral adipose tissue. MNAM treatment decreased GLUT4 mRNA and protein expression in skeletal muscle, where NAD+ salvage synthesis and antioxidant defenses were dampened. The NAD+/sirtuin system was enhanced in liver, which subsequently boosted hepatic gluconeogenesis. GLUT1 protein was diminished in placenta by MNAM. In addition, weight of placenta, fetus weight, and litter size were not affected by MNAM treatment. The decreased GLUT4 in skeletal muscle, boosted hepatic gluconeogenesis and dampened GLUT1 in placenta jointly contribute to the impairment of glucose tolerance tests by MNAM. Our data provide evidence for the careful usage of MNAM in treatment of GDM.
The role of lipid dysregulation in gestational diabetes mellitus: Early prediction and postpartum prognosis$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pathological condition during pregnancy characterized by impaired glucose tolerance, and the failure of pancreatic beta-cells to respond appropriately to an increased insulin demand. However, while the majority of women with GDM will return to normoglycemia after delivery, they have up to a seven times higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes during midlife, compared with those with no history of GDM. Gestational diabetes mellitus also increases the risk of multiple metabolic disorders, including non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases. Lipid metabolism undergoes significant changes throughout the gestational period, and lipid dysregulation is strongly associated with GDM and the progression to future type 2 diabetes. In addition to common lipid variables, discovery-based omics techniques, such as metabolomics and lipidomics, have identified lipid biomarkers that correlate with GDM. These lipid species also show considerable potential in predicting the onset of GDM and subsequent type 2 diabetes post-delivery. This review aims to update the current knowledge of the role that lipids play in the onset of GDM, with a focus on potential lipid biomarkers or metabolic pathways. These biomarkers may be useful in establishing predictive models to accurately predict the future onset of GDM and type 2 diabetes, and early intervention may help to reduce the complications associated with GDM.
Advances in Mass Spectrometry-Based Blood Metabolomics Profiling for Non-Cancer Diseases: A Comprehensive Review$$$ Blood metabolomics profiling using mass spectrometry has emerged as a powerful approach for investigating non-cancer diseases and understanding their underlying metabolic alterations. Blood, as a readily accessible physiological fluid, contains a diverse repertoire of metabolites derived from various physiological systems. Mass spectrometry offers a universal and precise analytical platform for the comprehensive analysis of blood metabolites, encompassing proteins, lipids, peptides, glycans, and immunoglobulins. In this comprehensive review, we present an overview of the research landscape in mass spectrometry-based blood metabolomics profiling. While the field of metabolomics research is primarily focused on cancer, this review specifically highlights studies related to non-cancer diseases, aiming to bring attention to valuable research that often remains overshadowed. Employing natural language processing methods, we processed 507 articles to provide insights into the application of metabolomic studies for specific diseases and physiological systems. The review encompasses a wide range of non-cancer diseases, with emphasis on cardiovascular disease, reproductive disease, diabetes, inflammation, and immunodeficiency states. By analyzing blood samples, researchers gain valuable insights into the metabolic perturbations associated with these diseases, potentially leading to the identification of novel biomarkers and the development of personalized therapeutic approaches. Furthermore, we provide a comprehensive overview of various mass spectrometry approaches utilized in blood metabolomics research, including GC-MS, LC-MS, and others discussing their advantages and limitations. To enhance the scope, we propose including recent review articles supporting the applicability of GC×GC-MS for metabolomics-based studies. This addition will contribute to a more exhaustive understanding of the available analytical techniques. The Integration of mass spectrometry-based blood profiling into clinical practice holds promise for improving disease diagnosis, treatment monitoring, and patient outcomes. By unraveling the complex metabolic alterations associated with non-cancer diseases, researchers and healthcare professionals can pave the way for precision medicine and personalized therapeutic interventions. Continuous advancements in mass spectrometry technology and data analysis methods will further enhance the potential of blood metabolomics profiling in non-cancer diseases, facilitating its translation from the laboratory to routine clinical application.
Interleukin-38 and Insulin Resistance$$$ Insulin resistance, i.e., decreased biological response to insulin, is a risk factor for many diseases, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), cardiovascular disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, some forms of cancer and neurodegenerative diseases. One of its main causes is chronic low-grade inflammation, mediated by the proinflammatory pathways, such as the c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) pathway and the nuclear factor kappa B (NFκB) pathway. Interleukin (IL)-38 (IL-38) is a newly discovered cytokine that belongs to the IL-1 family. There are three hypothetical pathways through which IL-38 may bind to the specific receptors and inhibit their proinflammatory activity. Those pathways are associated with IL-36 receptor (IL-36R), IL-1 receptor accessory protein-like 1 (IL1RAPL1) and IL-1 receptor 1 (IL1R1). There are studies linking IL-38 to improve insulin sensitivity through the difference in serum IL-38 in patients with insulin resistance or the correlation of IL-38 concentrations with insulin resistance indexes. However, many questions still remain regarding the biological activity of IL-38 itself and its role in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance. The goal of this study is to showcase IL-38, its biological activity, hypothesized signaling pathways, connection with insulin resistance and future perspectives of research on IL-38. We present that IL-38 associated signaling can be a potential target for the treatment of insulin resistance and associated diseases.
Metabolic Dysfunction-associated Fatty Liver Disease: An Urgent Call for Global Action$$$ There has been an exponential increase in the global prevalence of fatty liver disease in recent years in association with the obesity pandemic worldwide. 'Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease', the new terminology adopted by an international panel of experts in 2020 to largely replace the old term 'non-alcoholic fatty liver disease', has now been accepted by most hepatologists and diabetologists across the globe. The term metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease was created to better reflect the metabolic-and liver-specific manifestations and complications of fatty liver disease. It is important to disseminate our current understanding of this enigmatic disease among the global scientific fraternity. Recent publications, including articles from the latest issue of Endocrinology & Metabolism Clinics of North America, are attempting to fill this knowledge gap.
Insulin resistance: Risk factors, diagnostic approaches and mathematical models for clinical practice, epidemiological studies, and beyond$$$ Insulin resistance (IR) is a multifactorial metabolic disorder associated with the development of cardiometabolic syndrome, cardiovascular diseases and obesity. Factors such as inflammation, hyperinsulinemia, hyperglucagonemia, mitochondrial dysfunction, glucotoxicity and lipotoxicity contribute to the development of IR. Despite being extensively studied for over 60 years, assessing the incidence of IR, developing effective prevention strategies, and implementing appropriate therapeutic approaches remain challenging. This review explores the multifaceted nature of IR, including its association with various conditions such as obesity, primary hypertension, dyslipidemia, obstructive sleep apnea, Alzheimer's disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, chronic kidney disease and cancer. Additionally, we discuss the complexity of diagnosing and quantifying IR, emphasizing the lack of absolute, common criteria for classification. We delve into the use of mathematical models in clinical and epidemiological studies, focusing on the choice between insulin, triglycerides, or waist-to-hip ratio as IR determinants. Furthermore, we highlight the importance of reliable input data and caution in interpreting results when utilizing mathematical models for IR assessment. This narrative review aims to provide insights into the challenges and considerations involved in conducting IR diagnostics, with implications for clinical practice, epidemiological research, and future advancements in this field.
Early-life exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus predisposes offspring to pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has emerged as the prevailing chronic liver disease in the pediatric population due to the global obesity pandemic. Evidence shows that prenatal and postnatal exposure to maternal abnormalities leads to a higher risk of pediatric NAFLD through persistent alterations in developmental programming. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a hyperglycemic syndrome which has become the most prevalent complication in pregnant women. An increasing number of both epidemiologic investigations and animal model studies have validated adverse and long-term outcomes in offspring following GDM exposure in utero. Similarly, GDM is considered a crucial risk factor for pediatric NAFLD. This review aimed to summarize currently published studies concerning the inductive roles of GDM in offspring NAFLD development during childhood and adolescence. Dysregulations in hepatic lipid metabolism and gut microbiota in offspring, as well as dysfunctions in the placenta are potential factors in the pathogenesis of GDM-associated pediatric NAFLD. In addition, potentially effective interventions for GDM-associated offspring NAFLD are also discussed in this review. However, most of these therapeutic approaches still require further clinical research for validation.
797 Molecular and Physiological Profile of Women with a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus$$$ Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can be a risk factor for subsequent cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. However, there is a paucity of information regarding diverse cardiovascular, metabolic and multi-omic measurements in elderly women after GDM. We assessed the molecular and physiological profile of women with a history of GDM Study Design: Data collected as part of large-scale, prospective, longitudinal study with more than 10,000 healthy adults aged 40–70 years, between the years 2019 and 2022. The participants underwent physiological assessments through special medical tests and wearables, molecular profiling and collection of medical records and lifestyle questionnaires (Figure). We included women who reported at least one live birth and compared the profiles of women with a history of GDM to control subset, matched by the number of pregnancies and the time elapsed since the GDM pregnancy Results: Our study consisted of 300 and 800 women in GDM and the control group, respectively (mean of 17 years post-pregnancy). Women with a history of GDM displayed notable findings compared to the control group (*p< 0.001 for all) 1. Higher sonographic liver attenuation; indicative of fatty liver 2. Higher cholesterol (205±35 vs 190±27, mg/dl*), triglycerides (127±70 vs 92±40, mg/dl*) and lower HDL (50±11 vs 60±12, mg/dl*) 3. Higher values across 20 indexes of glucose control and variability of continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) indicating increased glucose fluctuation and longer durations of hyperglycemia 4. Body composition (DXA scan) showed higher visceral fat mass (901±320 vs 590±230 gr*) 5. Sleep monitoring indicated a higher rate of sleep apnea (Oxygen Desaturation Index, number of desaturation episodes per hour) (4±5 vs 2.8±4*) 6. Microbiome: lower bacterial richness which is associated with obesity and metabolic disorders Conclusion: GDM has long lasting effects on multiple physiological systems relating to metabolic syndrome. Insights provided can aid long-term monitoring and interventions to reduce cardiovascular and metabolic disease risks linked to GDM [Formula presented]
Phenome-Wide Investigation of the Causal Associations Between Pre-Pregnancy Obesity Traits and Gestational Diabetes: A Two-Sample Mendelian Randomization Analyses$$$ Pre-pregnancy obesity was associated with gestational diabetes in observational studies, but whether this relationship is causal remains to be determined. To evaluate whether pre-pregnancy obesity traits causally affect gestational diabetes risk, a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was performed utilizing summary-level statistics from published genome-wide association studies (GWAS). Obesity-related traits included body mass index (BMI), overweight, obesity, obesity class 1, obesity class 2, obesity class 3, childhood obesity, waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), percent liver fat, visceral adipose tissue volume, abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue volume. Effect estimates were evaluated using the inverse-variance weighting method. Weighted median, MR-Egger, simple mode, and weighted mode were performed as sensitivity analyses. Genetically predicted pre-pregnancy BMI [odds ratio (OR) = 1.68; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.45–1.95; P = 9.13 × 10–12], overweight (OR = 1.49; 95% CI: 1.21–1.85; P = 2.06 × 10–4), obesity (OR = 1.25; 95% CI: 1.18–1.33; P = 8.01 × 10–13), obesity class 1 (OR = 1.31; 95% CI: 1.17–1.46; P = 1.49 × 10–6), obesity class 2 (OR = 1.26; 95% CI: 1.16–1.37; P = 5.23 × 10–8), childhood obesity (OR = 1.33; 95% CI: 1.23–1.44; P = 4.06 × 10–12), and WHR (OR = 2.35; 95% CI: 1.44–3.83; P = 5.89 × 10–4) were associated with increased risk of gestational diabetes. No significant association was observed with obesity class 3, WC, HC, percent liver fat, visceral adipose tissue volume, or abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue volume. Similar results were observed in sensitivity analyses. Therefore, genetically predicted pre-pregnancy obesity traits may increase the risk of gestational diabetes. Weight control before pregnancy may be beneficial to prevent gestational diabetes.
The associations of maternal liver biomarkers in early pregnancy with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study and Mendelian randomization analysis$$$ Background: Associations of liver function with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remain unclear. This study aimed to examine the relationship and the potential causality between maternal liver biomarkers and the risk of subsequent GDM, as well as to evaluate the interaction between liver biomarkers and lipids on GDM risk. Methods: In an ongoing Zhoushan Pregnant Women Cohort, pregnant women who finished the first prenatal follow-up record, underwent liver function tests in early pregnancy, and completed the GDM screening were included in this study. Logistic regression models were used to investigate the association, and the inverse-variance weighted method supplemented with other methods of two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was applied to deduce the causality. Results: Among 9,148 pregnant women, 1,668 (18.2%) developed GDM. In general, the highest quartile of liver function index (LFI), including ALT, AST, GGT, ALP, and hepatic steatosis index, was significantly associated with an increased risk of GDM (OR ranging from 1.29 to 3.15), especially an elevated risk of abnormal postprandial blood glucose level. Moreover, the causal link between ALT and GDM was confirmed by the MR analysis (OR=1.28, 95%CI:1.05-1.54). A significant interaction between AST/ALT and TG on GDM risk was observed (P interaction = 0.026). Conclusion: Elevated levels of LFI in early pregnancy were remarkably associated with an increased risk of GDM in our prospective cohort. Besides, a positive causal link between ALT and GDM was suggested.
Relationship between gut microbiota and the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review$$$ Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a form of gestational diabetes mellitus characterized by insulin resistance and abnormal function of pancreatic beta cells. In recent years, genomic association studies have revealed risk and susceptibility genes associated with genetic susceptibility to GDM. However, genetic predisposition cannot explain the rising global incidence of GDM, which may be related to the increased influence of environmental factors, especially the gut microbiome. Studies have shown that gut microbiota is closely related to the occurrence and development of GDM. This paper reviews the relationship between gut microbiota and the pathological mechanism of GDM, in order to better understand the role of gut microbiota in GDM, and to provide a theoretical basis for clinical application of gut microbiota in the treatment of related diseases. Methods: The current research results on the interaction between GDM and gut microbiota were collected and analyzed through literature review. Keywords such as "GDM", "gut microbiota" and "insulin resistance" were used for literature search, and the methodology, findings and potential impact on the pathophysiology of GDM were systematically evaluated. Results: It was found that the composition and diversity of gut microbiota were significantly associated with the occurrence and development of GDM. Specifically, the abundance of certain gut bacteria is associated with an increased risk of GDM, while other changes in the microbiome may be associated with improved insulin sensitivity. In addition, alterations in the gut microbiota may affect blood glucose control through a variety of mechanisms, including the production of short-chain fatty acids, activation of inflammatory pathways, and metabolism of the B vitamin group. Discussion: The results of this paper highlight the importance of gut microbiota in the pathogenesis of GDM. The regulation of the gut microbiota may provide new directions for the treatment of GDM, including improving insulin sensitivity and blood sugar control through the use of probiotics and prebiotics. However, more research is needed to confirm the generality and exact mechanisms of these findings and to explore potential clinical applications of the gut microbiota in the management of gestational diabetes. In addition, future studies should consider the interaction between environmental and genetic factors and how together they affect the risk of GDM.
Maternal obesity and metabolic (dysfunction) associated fatty liver disease in pregnancy: a comprehensive narrative review$$$ Introduction: Obesity and metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) during pregnancy constitute significant problems for routine antenatal care, with increasing prevalence globally. Similar to obesity, MAFLD is associated with a higher risk for maternal complications (e.g. pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes) and long-term adverse health outcomes for the offspring. However, MAFLD during pregnancy is often under-recognized, with limited management/treatment options. Areas covered: PubMed/MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Scopus were searched based on a search strategy for obesity and/or MAFLD in pregnancy to identify relevant papers up to 2024. This review summarizes the pertinent evidence on the relationship between maternal obesity and MAFLD during pregnancy. Key mechanisms implicated in the underlying pathophysiology linking obesity and MAFLD during pregnancy (e.g. insulin resistance and dysregulated adipokine secretion) are highlighted. Moreover, a diagnostic approach for MAFLD diagnosis during pregnancy and its complications are presented. Finally, promising relevant areas for future research are covered. Expert opinion: Research progress regarding maternal obesity, MAFLD, and their impact on maternal and fetal/offspring health is expected to improve the relevant diagnostic methods and lead to novel treatments. Thus, routine practice could apply more personalized management strategies, incorporating individualized algorithms with genetic and/or multi-biomarker profiling to guide prevention, early diagnosis, and treatment.
Bone mass, microarchitecture and turnover among young Indian women with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Purpose: To evaluate comprehensive bone health among young Indian women, including bone mass, microarchitecture, and turnover, in relation to their non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) status. Methods: This cross-sectional study (May 2018–November 2019) recruited women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and normoglycemia in their index pregnancy, who were at least 6 months postpartum. All participants underwent abdominal ultrasonography for determination of NAFLD status (grades 2 and 3: severe NAFLD) and transient elastography (FibroScan) for hepatic fibrosis (LSM >6 kPa). Bone mass was assessed by DXA, bone microarchitecture with trabecular bone score {TBS} (low TBS ≤ 1.310) and bone turnover with markers of bone formation (osteocalcin and P1NP), and resorption (CTX). Results: Bone mineral density (BMD) at femoral neck (p = 0.026) and total hip (p = 0.007) was significantly higher among women with NAFLD (n = 170) compared to those without (n = 124). There was no significant difference in bone turnover markers between the two groups. The presence of NAFLD [adjusted OR: 1.82 (1.07, 3.11)] was associated with low TBS, with a greater strength of association among women with severe NAFLD [adjusted OR: 2.97 (1.12, 7.88)]. However, these associations were attenuated and no longer significant after additionally adjusting for BMI. Women with NAFLD and hepatic fibrosis manifested significantly higher BMD at lumbar spine, femoral neck, and total hip (p < 0.001 for all) and significantly lower bone turnover markers (osteocalcin, p = 0.009 and CTX, p = 0.029), however, the association with low TBS was not observed. Conclusion: Among young Indian women, NAFLD is associated with increased bone mass and impaired bone microarchitecture, and hepatic fibrosis with increased bone mass and reduced bone turnover.
Low circulating levels of neuregulin 4 as a potential biomarker associated with the severity and prognosis of obesity-related metabolic diseases: a systematic review$$$ Background: Neuregulin 4 (Nrg4) is a brown adipose tissue-derived adipokine that greatly affects systemic metabolism and improves metabolic derangements. Although abnormal circulating levels of Nrg4 are common in obesity, it remains elusive whether low or elevated levels of this batokine are associated with the onset of metabolic diseases. Aim: To assess Nrg4 levels and its role as a feasible biomarker to predict the severity of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Methods: A search for relevant studies was performed systematically using prominent search engines, including PubMed, Google Scholar, and Embase, by following PRISMA guidelines. Results: Ample clinical evidence reported low serum/plasma levels of Nrg4 in obesity and these were inversely proportional to the indices of metabolic syndrome, including body mass index, waist circumference, triglycerides, fasting plasma glucose, and homoeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance as well as high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. Low circulating Nrg4 levels may aid in the prediction of morbid obesity, and subsequent GDM, T2DM, NAFLD, and CVD. Conclusion: Current clinical evidence emphasizes that the circulating levels of Nrg4 are decreased in morbid obesity, and it also highlights that Nrg4 May serve as a potential prognostic biomarker for obesity-related metabolic diseases.
Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease and pregnancy complications: new challenges and clinical perspectives$$$ The term metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), with a global prevalence estimated at 38.77%, has gradually replaced the traditional concept of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Compared to the general population, the incidence of MAFLD is notably higher among pregnant women, posing potential risks to both maternal and neonatal health. This review summarizes the latest research on MAFLD, focusing on its association with pregnancy complications. Additionally, it provides a comparative analysis with previous studies on NAFLD, presenting a comprehensive perspective for clinical management. Findings suggest that pregnant women with MAFLD face a higher risk of gestational hypertension and cesarean delivery compared to those with NAFLD, while the risk for gestational diabetes mellitus remains similar between the two conditions. Additionally, MAFLD is associated with an increased likelihood of delivering large-for-gestational-age infants and heightened risks of preterm birth and low birth weight. Current treatment strategies for MAFLD focus on lifestyle modifications, such as dietary adjustments and increased physical activity. However, there is an urgent need for the development of safe and effective pharmacological treatments, particularly tailored toward pregnant women. Future research should delve deeper into the causal relationships between MAFLD and pregnancy complications and explore optimal therapeutic approaches to improve outcomes for mothers and their infants.
Spectrum of Co-Morbidities in a Hospital Population with Hashimoto's Thyroiditis$$$ Introduction: Hashimoto's thyroiditis (HT) is the most common thyroid autoimmune disease (AID) with an increasing incidence. A number of studies have shown that HT often combines with other autoimmune endocrine and non-endocrine diseases to form autoimmune polyglandular syndromes (APS). Most studies evaluating different AID associations have examined the prevalence of HT in nonthyroidal AID, and not vice versa. Data on the prevalence of non-autoimmune co-morbidities in HT are scarce. Aim: To determine the frequency and type of all co-morbidities in an unselected sample of hospitalized HT patients by assessing their interrelationship with sex, age, functional status and activity of the autoimmune process of the thyroid gland. Material and methods: Randomized cross-sectional study in 447 adult patients with HT (from 18 to 88 years, mean age 45,81±16,18 years) – 372 women (83,2%) and 75 men (16,8%), hospitalized in the Clinic of Endocrinology and Metabolic Diseases, “Sv. Georgy” University Hospital. Functional (FT3, FT4, TSH), immunological (anti-TPOAB, anti-TgAB, TRAB) and ultrasound status of the thyroid gland was assessed and a wide range of clinical and laboratory tests were performed to evaluate the main disease and co-morbidities. Results: HT was more common in females (female-to-male ratio = 4,96:1), prevailed in the age group of 29-61 years with the highest frequency (24,61%) in the range of 29-39 years. No statistically significant differences were found in the percentage distribution of participants in different age groups by sex. In the current hospital sample with HT, the euthyroid state predominated – 75%, followed by hypothyroidism in 21,6% and Hashitoxicosis in 3.4%. There were no sex-related differences in thyroid hormone and antibody levels. We found a variety of co-morbidities in 379 (84.8%) of the TH patients without significant gender determined differences in their frequency. Only hematological co-morbidities occurred nearly 2 times more often in men (p=0,032). The most frequent co-morbidities were arterial hypertension (38,26%), metabolic syndrome (26,85%), diabetes mellitus type 2 (20,13%), coronary artery disease - 11,86%, degenerative joint diseases – 10,51%, anemias of different types – 9,62%; PCOS in women – 9,14%, benign prostatic hyperplasia in men – 6,67%. The percentage of adenomas involving the pituitary, adrenal and parathyroid glands was high – a total of 13,42%, with some patients having more than one adenoma within the MEN. We found autoimmune co-morbidities in 13,65%. APS were detected in 8,05%, as follows: APS type 3 –7,16%, with APS type 3A occupying 3,58%; APS type 1 and type 2 – 0,45% each. Thyroid-associated ophthalmopathy (TAO) was present in 1,34% of cases. There were significant age-related differences in the frequency of co-morbidities between different decades. The mean age of patients with only HT (36,80±10,63 years) was lower than that of patients with concomitant non-autoimmune (46,22±16,29 years) and autoimmune (45,54±14,77 years) diseases, p<0,001. The presence of co-morbidities was not directly related to the function of the thyroid gland at the time of the study - they were observed in 85,9% of patients with euthyroid, in 80,2% with hypothyroid and in 86,7% with hyperthyroid state, excluding rheumatological diseases – in 33,3 % in hyperthyroidism, in 16,7% in hypothyroidism and in 9,9% in euthyroidism. TSH-receptor antibodies were higher in presence of concomitant AID (p=0,043). Conclusion: The study is pioneering for the country in terms of the sample size and the range of analyzes characterizing the co-morbidities in hospitalized HT patients, proving their widespread occurence and providing guidelines for screening and follow-up in the clinical practice with a view to improve the quality of care.
Liver biomarkers, lipid metabolites, and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in a prospective study among Chinese pregnant women$$$ Background: Liver plays an important role in maintaining glucose homeostasis. We aimed to examine the associations of liver enzymes and hepatic steatosis index (HSI, a reliable biomarker for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease) in early pregnancy with subsequent GDM risk, as well as the potential mediation effects of lipid metabolites on the association between HSI and GDM. Methods: In a birth cohort, liver enzymes were measured in early pregnancy (6-15 gestational weeks, mean 10) among 6,860 Chinese women. Multivariable logistic regression was performed to examine the association between liver biomarkers and risk of GDM. Pearson partial correlation and least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) regression were conducted to identify lipid metabolites that were significantly associated with HSI in a subset of 948 women. Mediation analyses were performed to estimate the mediating roles of lipid metabolites on the association of HSI with GDM. Results: Liver enzymes and HSI were associated with higher risks of GDM after adjustment for potential confounders, with ORs ranging from 1.42 to 2.24 for extreme-quartile comparisons (false discovery rate-adjusted P-trend ≤0.005). On the natural log scale, each SD increment of alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyl transferase, alkaline phosphatase, and HSI was associated with a 1.15-fold (95% CI: 1.05, 1.26), 1.10-fold (1.01, 1.20), 1.21-fold (1.10, 1.32), 1.15-fold (1.04, 1.27), and 1.33-fold (1.18, 1.51) increased risk of GDM, respectively. Pearson partial correlation and LASSO regression identified 15 specific lipid metabolites in relation to HSI. Up to 52.6% of the association between HSI and GDM risk was attributed to the indirect effect of the HSI-related lipid score composed of lipid metabolites predominantly from phospholipids (e.g., lysophosphatidylcholine and ceramides) and triacylglycerol. Conclusions: Elevated liver enzymes and HSI in early pregnancy, even within a normal range, were associated with higher risks of GDM among Chinese pregnant women. The association of HSI with GDM was largely mediated by altered lipid metabolism.
Pathophysiological mechanisms and therapeutic approaches in obstructive sleep apnea syndrome$$$ Obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS) is a common breathing disorder in sleep in which the airways narrow or collapse during sleep, causing obstructive sleep apnea. The prevalence of OSAS continues to rise worldwide, particularly in middle-aged and elderly individuals. The mechanism of upper airway collapse is incompletely understood but is associated with several factors, including obesity, craniofacial changes, altered muscle function in the upper airway, pharyngeal neuropathy, and fluid shifts to the neck. The main characteristics of OSAS are recurrent pauses in respiration, which lead to intermittent hypoxia (IH) and hypercapnia, accompanied by blood oxygen desaturation and arousal during sleep, which sharply increases the risk of several diseases. This paper first briefly describes the epidemiology, incidence, and pathophysiological mechanisms of OSAS. Next, the alterations in relevant signaling pathways induced by IH are systematically reviewed and discussed. For example, IH can induce gut microbiota (GM) dysbiosis, impair the intestinal barrier, and alter intestinal metabolites. These mechanisms ultimately lead to secondary oxidative stress, systemic inflammation, and sympathetic activation. We then summarize the effects of IH on disease pathogenesis, including cardiocerebrovascular disorders, neurological disorders, metabolic diseases, cancer, reproductive disorders, and COVID-19. Finally, different therapeutic strategies for OSAS caused by different causes are proposed. Multidisciplinary approaches and shared decision-making are necessary for the successful treatment of OSAS in the future, but more randomized controlled trials are needed for further evaluation to define what treatments are best for specific OSAS patients.
Gremlin-1 in pregnancy and postpartum: relation to the fatty liver index, markers of bone health, glucose metabolism and gestational diabetes mellitus status$$$ Introduction: Gremlin-1 is a peptide that functions as an antagonist to bone morphogenic proteins and is overexpressed in obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Gremlin-1 has not yet been investigated in pregnancy, pregnancy-related insulin resistance or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Patients and methods: Gremlin-1 levels were measured throughout the pregnancy of 58 women at high risk for GDM at the Medical University of Vienna. Furthermore, an oral glucose tolerance test, fasting insulin, fasting glucose, sex hormones, blood lipids, liver and renal parameters, and markers of bone development were evaluated at two points during pregnancy (< 20 weeks of gestation (GW), GW 24–28) and 12–14 weeks postpartum. Results: Gremlin-1 levels decreased from < 20 GW (mean = 9.2 pg/ml, SD = 8.4 pg/ml) to GW 24–28 (mean = 6.7 pg/ml, SD = 5.7 pg/ml, p = 0.033) and increased again postpartum, albeit not significantly (mean = 10.7 pg/ml, SD = 13.1 pg/ml, p = 0.339). During pregnancy, Gremlin-1 levels correlated negatively with osteocalcin and procollagen type I aminoterminal propeptide (P1NP), markers of bone health. Concerning glucose metabolism, Gremlin-1 levels were inversely related to the Insulinogenic Index at GW < 20. However, Gremlin-1 levels were not significantly different between women with normal glucose tolerance and GDM during pregnancy. Postpartum, Gremlin-1 was associated with the fatty liver index, osteocalcin levels, diastolic blood pressure and weight. Conclusion: Gremlin-1 levels decreased significantly during pregnancy. The biomarker is not related to GDM status, but correlates negatively with the Insulinogenic Index, an index related to beta cell function. Trial Registry Number ACTRN12616000924459.
Analysis of cortisol mechanism to predict common genes between PCOS and its co-morbidities$$$ Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a multifactorial endocrine disorder and one of the main causes of PCOS is hormonal imbalance due to lifestyle changes. Estrogen, progesterone, testosterone, cortisol and melatonin are the major hormones that regulate the menstrual cycle and other endocrine disorders in women. The hormone cortisol, in particular, can lead to many comorbid conditions related to PCOS. In this proposed work, PubMed articles were mined using R program to retrieve target genes for PCOS. The NCBI Gene/Genome database was used to download PCOS genes, and genes related to cortisol and major comorbid diseases. Then, commonly intersecting genes among PCOS–Cortisol–Comorbids were identified. From the obtained results, the top seven genes were considered as Hub–Bottleneck genes based on the Degree and Betweenness values of the 26 intersecting (merged) genes. Functional annotation and pathway analysis were performed to examine significant pathways of Hub–Bottleneck genes.
Impact of obesity on female puberty and pubertal disorders$$$ The worldwide epidemic of obesity appears to be one of the crucial health problems. One-third of children and adolescents in the United States are classified as either overweight or obese and 6% of adolescents are severely obese. With the development of high technology, children, and adolescents, spend more time in sedentary life. Together with the availability of consuming fast caloric food, it is almost unavoidable to get an imbalance between caloric intake and caloric expenditure of energy, resulting in the accumulation of fat-energy stores. Obesity has an enormous impact on physical and psychological health and is associated with more than 29 adverse health consequences previously identified in the adult population only, such as type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, metabolic syndrome, postmenopausal breast cancer, and others. In addition, excess adiposity may exert a harmful effect on the reproductive system, resulting in precocious puberty, irregular menstrual cycle, polycystic ovary syndrome, and high-risk sexual behavior. Intervention programs for healthy lifestyle modification, consisting of caloric restriction together with physical activity did not gain the expected efficacy. Other approaches as medical and surgical therapies are currently not evidence-based for the young population. The obesity crisis in children and adolescents requires a better understanding of etiology, pathophysiology, and management of obesity in this unique population. Researchers and physicians must “turn over every stone” to find a solution for deviating obesity ascent.
Impact of neighbourhood-level social determinants of health on healthcare utilisation and perinatal outcomes in pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis: a population-based study in Ontario, Canada$$$ Background Cirrhosis is rising in North America, driven partly by the epidemic of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), most in women of reproductive age. Little is known about factors that impact perinatal outcomes and healthcare utilisation in pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis. Objectives We investigated the association between population-level social determinants, health outcomes and healthcare utilisation. Methods We retrospectively analysed healthcare utilisation and perinatal outcomes in a cohort of pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis from Ontario, Canada from 2000 to 2016 and followed for 90 days postdelivery. We compared utilisation and health outcomes according to income, residential instability, material deprivation, dependency and ethnic diversity. A Cochran-Armitage test for trend was done to assess whether utilisation patterns were linear across quintiles. Results 3320 pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis formed the study cohort. Decreasing income quintile associated with a higher proportion of women with at least one emergency department (ED) visit. Increasing residential instability, material deprivation and dependency were associated with a higher frequency of ED visitation, with no compelling differences in the rates of perinatal complications or adverse outcomes in pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis. Using multiple population-level proxies for social determinants of health, this study demonstrates an association between marginalisation and increased ED visitation. Conclusions As the incidence rate of pregnancies among women with NAFLD cirrhosis continues to rise, understanding how this population uses healthcare services will help coordinate care for these patients.
Diabetes mellitus: Classification, mediators, and complications$$$ A gate to identify potential targets for the development of new effective treatments; Nowadays, diabetes mellitus has emerged as a significant global public health concern with a remarkable increase in its prevalence. This review article focuses on the definition of diabetes mellitus and its classification into different types, including type 1 diabetes (idiopathic and fulminant), type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, hybrid forms, slowly evolving immune-mediated diabetes, ketosis-prone type 2 diabetes, and other special types. Diagnostic criteria for diabetes mellitus are also discussed. The role of inflammation in both type 1 and type 2 diabetes is explored, along with the mediators and potential anti-inflammatory treatments. Furthermore, the involvement of various organs in diabetes mellitus is highlighted, such as the role of adipose tissue and obesity, gut microbiota, and pancreatic β-cells. The manifestation of pancreatic Langerhans β-cell islet inflammation, oxidative stress, and impaired insulin production and secretion are addressed. Additionally, the impact of diabetes mellitus on liver cirrhosis, acute kidney injury, immune system complications, and other diabetic complications like retinopathy and neuropathy is examined. Therefore, further research is required to enhance diagnosis, prevent chronic complications, and identify potential therapeutic targets for the management of diabetes mellitus and its associated dysfunctions.
Obesity and metabolic disorders in infertile women: an interesting relationship between multifactorial conditions$$$ obesity impacts multiple aspects of health. it is closely related to a number of adverse reproductive outcomes, including anovulation, polycystic ovary syndrome, and infertility. a correlation between obesity/dysmetabolism and oocyte maturation pathways, endometrial characteristics, and embryonic quality has been demonstrated. obesity, by increasing the risk of metabolic disorders such as insulin resistance, diabetes, or relative hyperandrogenism, also adversely affects reproductive function, causing a chronic inflammatory state that is reflected both systemically and locally, at the ovarian follicular microenvironment, altering oocyte maturation and quality. obesity comes to affect endometrial receptivity, with lower clinical pregnancy and live birth rates and higher abortion rates. it also appears to have a negative impact on assisted reproduction outcomes, with fewer implantations and clinical pregnancies, higher incidence of miscarriage or complications during gestation. obese women are more likely to create poor-quality embryos. Whether these results are due to defects in oocyte quality, abnormal embryo development, or an unwelcoming uterine environment is still debated, but clinical evidence to date suggests a combination of factors. A healthy diet, combined with sufficient antioxidant intake, body weight control and regular physical activity, is estimated to reduce the risk of ovulatory infertility. Medications to treat obesity may be useful in combination with lifestyle interventions; bariatric surgery remains the most effective intervention for significant and lasting weight loss. These interventions improve quality of life and may increase the likelihood of spontaneous conception. Further studies are needed to define the impact of obesity in the short and long term, from pregnancy research to pregnancy success.
Cardiovascular-Kidney-Metabolic Health: A Presidential Advisory from the American Heart Association$$$ Cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health reflects the interplay among metabolic risk factors, chronic kidney disease, and the cardiovascular system and has profound impacts on morbidity and mortality. There are multisystem consequences of poor cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health, with the most significant clinical impact being the high associated incidence of cardiovascular disease events and cardiovascular mortality. There is a high prevalence of poor cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health in the population, with a disproportionate burden seen among those with adverse social determinants of health. However, there is also a growing number of therapeutic options that favorably affect metabolic risk factors, kidney function, or both that also have cardioprotective effects. To improve cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health and related outcomes in the population, there is a critical need for (1) more clarity on the definition of cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome; (2) an approach to cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic staging that promotes prevention across the life course; (3) prediction algorithms that include the exposures and outcomes most relevant to cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health; and (4) strategies for the prevention and management of cardiovascular disease in relation to cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health that reflect harmonization across major subspecialty guidelines and emerging scientific evidence. It is also critical to incorporate considerations of social determinants of health into care models for cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome and to reduce care fragmentation by facilitating approaches for patient-centered interdisciplinary care. This presidential advisory provides guidance on the definition, staging, prediction paradigms, and holistic approaches to care for patients with cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome and details a multicomponent vision for effectively and equitably enhancing cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health in the population.
Sterile inflammation and the NLRP3 inflammasome in cardiometabolic disease$$$ Inflammation plays an important role in the pathophysiology of cardiometabolic diseases. Sterile inflammation, a non-infectious and damage-associated molecular pattern (DAMP)-induced innate response, is now well-established to be closely associated with development and progression of cardiometabolic diseases. The NOD-like receptor (NLR) family pyrin domain-containing 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome is well-established as a major player in sterile inflammatory responses. It is a multimeric cytosolic protein complex which regulates the activation of caspase-1 and subsequently promotes cleavage and release of interleukin (IL)-1 family cytokines, which have a deleterious impact on the development of cardiometabolic diseases. Therefore, targeting NLRP3 itself or the downstream consequences of NLRP3 activation represent excellent potential therapeutic targets in inflammatory cardiometabolic diseases. Here, we review our current understanding of the role which NLRP3 inflammasome regulation plays in cardiometabolic diseases such as obesity, diabetes, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), atherosclerosis, ischemic heart disease and cardiomyopathy. Finally, we highlight the potential of targeting NLPR3 or related signaling molecules as a therapeutic approach.
Natural History Of Pregnancy And Pregnancy Outcomes In Subjects With Lipodystrophy$$$ Lipodystrophy syndromes are a group of rare heterogenous disorders characterized by deficiency of adipose tissue in a regional distribution (Partial Lipodystrophy, PL) or all of the body (Generalized Lipodystrophy, GL), leading to severe insulin resistance, diabetes, hypertriglyceridemia, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, and polycystic ovarian syndrome. During pregnancy in patients with lipodystrophy, insulin resistance worsens during late gestation, leading to pregnancy complications that may threaten the lives of the fetus and mother. Case reports have suggested increased risk of pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia in patients with lipodystrophy. We sought to systematically examine pregnancy complications and offspring outcomes in lipodystrophy through a prospective study involving structured interviews with patients with known lipodystrophy and past pregnancy. Data were collected in 7 patients with PL (2 LMNA, PPARG, 4 unknown genetic cause) and 1 with GL (AGPAT2). These 7 patients had 21 pregnancies (mean 2.6), including 19 singleton and 2 twin gestations. 14 pregnancies (67%) were spontaneous and 7 (33%) required fertility treatment. 10 pregnancies (48%) in 6 patients resulted in 12 live births (7 term, 3 preterm; 3 vaginal and 8 C-section delivery) and 11 (52%) resulted in miscarriage (9 first trimester, 2 second trimester in 1 patient due to cervical insufficiency). There were no episodes of acute pancreatitis during pregnancy. Among the 10 pregnancies resulting in live birth, 100% were complicated by diabetes. 5 (50%) had pre-gestational diabetes and 5 (50%) had gestational diabetes that resolved after delivery. 8 (80%) required insulin during pregnancy (of whom none required insulin pre-pregnancy). 5 (50%) of these pregnancies were complicated by pre-eclampsia. Among all 21 pregnancies, metformin was used in 8 (38%), insulin in 8 (38%), metreleptin in 4 (19%) pregnancies (all 4 of which were in 1 patient with GL), and fenofibrate in 2 (9.5%). Among 12 offspring, 1 (8%) was small for gestational age (GA), 8 (67%) were appropriate for GA and 3 (25%) were large for GA. 6 (50%) had neonatal hypoglycemia. In summary, pregnancies in women with lipodystrophy showed high complication rates, including very high rates of miscarriage, diabetes, and pre-eclampsia. Larger studies are needed to determine how management of these patients during pregnancy, including with newer treatments such as metreleptin for GL, affects pregnancy and offspring outcomes.
Diabetes Insipidus With Hypokalemia In A 30 Week Pregnant Female$$$ In this case, we will discuss a 29 year old G4P0121 African American female at 30 weeks gestation presented to women's urgent care for nausea, vomiting and diarrhea after starting magnesium supplementation for incidentally diagnosed hypokalemia around 4 weeks prior. Vitals were significant for a BP of 133/60 and HR 110. Laboratory studies were significant for potassium of 3 mmol/L, sodium 155 mmol/L, magnesium 2.2mmol/L, AST 104, ALT 62 and UA with 2+ proteinuria. Patient admitted to the OBGYN service for preeclampsia with severe features. Patient was noted to have over 16L UOP over the first 24 hours of admission; 4.5L intake. Further labs obtained showed hemoglobin A1C of 4.9, serum osmolality of 308 mOsm/kg, urine osmolality 77 mOsm/kg and urine specific gravity 1.002. DDAVP was given with urine osmolality increasing from 77 to 137 mmol/L. Working differential diagnoses included gestational diabetes insipidus (DI), central DI or nephrogenic DI due to hypokalemia. Co-peptin assay was drawn; is a send out at our institution. Of note, the patient had no known history of brain injury, surgery, radiation or Sheehan Syndrome. However her previous pregnancies had been complicated by hypokalemia, hypertension and pre-eclampsia with emergent cesarean-section. She subsequently underwent emergency cesarean-section on hospital day 2 for non-reassuring fetal activity with delivery of viable 1230g male. After delivery, the patients hypokalemia resolved. Post-op, DDAVP for 3 days was continued per hospital DI protocol with appropriate response. Co-peptin resulted at 22.3, excluding central DI as a diagnosis. On time of discharge, patient had gone without DDAVP for >48 hours with intact thirst mechanism. Given improvement/resolution of DI and persistently low urine osmolality even after DDAVP administration prior to delivery, the DI was believed to be gestational with a component of nephrogenic DI as well due to hypokalemia. Gestational DI occurs due to increased placental vasopressinase which degrades the antidiuretic hormone (ADH). It is associated with preeclampsia, acute fatty liver of pregnancy and HELLP syndrome. DDAVP is a modified synthetic analog of endogenous ADH and is resistant to breakdown by placental vasopressinase and can be used to treat gestational DI. Definitive management is achieved with delivery of the fetus and can last up to six weeks after delivery.
Undiagnosed MODY In Case Of Morbid Obesity$$$ MODY is suspected in nonobese subjects with hyperglycemia, negative islet cell antibodies, and a family history of diabetes. Children with morbid obesity and diabetes can still have MODY and require different treatment. Case report The patient was born after a pregnancy complicated with gestational diabetes, treated with insulin, BW 9 1/2 lbs. He had early onset obesity from 3 yrs. of age. At 8 yrs., he developed impaired glucose tolerance, elevated triglycerides, low HDL, and fatty liver. He developed diabetes at 11 yrs. and was treated with Insulin, but treatment was not effective, Hb A1c was 11.4%, and BMI was 51.8 kg/m2 . At 12 yrs., he was diagnosed with MODY on the base of normal C-peptide, negative islet cell AB, strong family history of diabetes: mother, uncle and MGM had diabetes. Insulin was discontinued. Glyburide and Metformin were started that improved his glucose level significantly. Hb A1c improved to 6.2%. Diet was changed, physical exercises were added, and he lost 25 lbs., BMI improved to 44.8 kg/m2 . His mother, 46 yrs. old, was diagnosed with diabetes type 1 at 18 yrs. and treated with Insulin. She also had morbid obesity with BMI 48 kg/m2 . She developed diabetic neuropathy, nephropathy, and had amputation of the left leg below the knee, eGFR 44 mL/min/1.73m2 Hb A1c 10.5%. She was diagnosed with MODY on the base of normal C-peptide 3.21 ng/mL, negative islet cell AB, family history of diabetes: her mother, brother, son have diabetes. Glyburide and pioglitazone were started, Insulin total daily dose was decreased from 90 units to 15 units a day. Her Hb A1c improved to 6 %, insulin was discontinued. She underwent Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass surgery, lost 30 lbs. BMI improved to 42 kg/m2 Hb A1c became 5.3%. Her current glucose level is normal on Glyburide 2.5 mg and pioglitazone 7.5 mg daily. Results: Patient and his mother had heterozygous gene polymorphism in GLIS3, c.951G>T (p.Glu317Asp). This sequence replaces glutamic acid with aspartic acid at codon 317 of the GLIS3 protein (p.Glu317Asp). GLIS3 is a variant of MODY and is a transcriptional factor in beta cell differentiation and insulin production. Patient and mother had pathogenic heterozygous variant of KSR2 gene, c.1622del, resulting in a frameshift and premature protein termination (p.Lys541Serfs∗27). Pathogenic variants in KSR2 are associated with obesity and insulin resistance. Patient was also heterozygous in the NTRK2 gene for a sequence variant c.500C>A, which is predicted to result in the amino acid substitution p.Ser167Tyr, also associated with obesity. Conclusion Genetic analysis of MODY is necessary even in cases of diabetes with morbid obesity, negative islet cell AB, positive family history of diabetes. Diagnosis of MODY helps provide individualized treatment and avoid complications secondary to unnecessary treatment with insulin.
LIVER CHEMISTRIES TRENDS IN PREGNANT PATIENTS WITH NON-ALCOHOLIC FATTY LIVER DISEASE$$$ Background: The pathophysiology of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is linked with insulin resistance and oxidative stress, both of which can be heightened in pregnancy. However, the effects of pregnancy on NAFLD are not well-defined. This study aimed to evaluate the possibility of worsening liver inflammation, as reflected by liver chemistries, during pregnancy in NAFLD patients. Methods: This is a retrospective study of all adult pregnant patients at a Tertiary North American Center between 2000-2021. Diagnostic codes and keywords from radiology reports identified patients with NAFLD prior to pregnancy compared to age-matched controls without liver disease. Patients without documented aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), and platelet values within 2 years prior to conception were excluded. For pre-pregnancy AST/ ALT values, the value closest to the date of pregnancy was used. For during-pregnancy AST/ALT values, the highest value during pregnancy was used. Multivariate linear regression was used for during pregnancy AST/ALT and logistic regression was used for categorical outcomes. Results: 285 patients were included with 117 NAFLD cases and 168 controls. Patients with NAFLD had significantly higher prepregnancy transaminases compared to controls. However, transaminases were comparable between the two groups during pregnancy, and so were the mean differences during pregnancy compared to prepregnancy (Table 1). In multivariate analysis, NAFLD (p = 0.39), pre-pregnancy AST (p = 0.65), and the interaction between NAFLD and pre-pregnancy AST (p = 0.60) were not associated with AST level during pregnancy. Furthermore, NAFLD (p = 0.31), pre-pregnancy ALT (p = 0.70), and the interaction between NAFLD and pre-pregnancy ALT (p = 0.75) were not associated with ALT level during pregnancy. In a subgroup analysis of patients with NAFLD, being at risk for advanced fibrosis (defined by having intermediate or high FIB4 or NAFLD and metabolic syndrome) was not associated with during pregnancy AST or ALT (AST p = 0.71, ALT p = 0.50). Of note, neither NAFLD (p = 0.18) nor its interaction with baseline transaminases predicated gestational diabetes (p = 0.11). Conclusion: Neither NAFLD nor its severity influenced the trends of transaminases during pregnancy. Changes in liver enzymes during pregnancy should not be attributed to NAFLD despite the pregnancyrelated metabolic changes. Multi-center prospective studies are needed to validate our findings.
Postpartum development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in a lean mouse model of gestational diabetes$$$ Background and aims: Human studies indicate that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) development in mothers. As NAFLD predisposes to the development of advanced liver disease, a better understanding of the course and mechanisms underlying NAFLD development in GDM mothers and offspring is warranted. In this preclinical study, we evaluated the development of NAFLD postpartum in a mouse model for lean GDM. Materials and methods: Lean GDM was induced by short-term high-fat diet (HF) and low-dose streptozotocin (STZ) injections before mating in female C57BL/6N mice. Control dams received high-fat (HF) or low-fat (LF) diets only. Livers from GDM dams were collected postpartum at postnatal day 30 (PN30). Results: At PN30 hepatic triglyceride (TG) content was increased in GDM dams as compared to HF and LF controls (TG: 65,9 vs 33,6 and 32,8 umol/g, p<0.05). Hepatic cholesterol ester (CE) levels were markedly lower in HF animals compared to GDM and LF (CE: 3,0 vs 6,2 and 9,2 umol/g, p<0.05). Moreover, the PL/TG ratio was significantly increased in GDM dams compared to HF and LF dams (1,9 vs 0,9 and 1,0, p<0.05), indicative of higher lipid droplet size. Plasma TGs were, however, comparable between groups. Plasma Cholesterol and NEFA levels were increased in GDM and HF dams compared to LF controls (Chol: 2,8 and 2,9 vs 2,5 nM, p<0.05; NEFA: 0,7 and 0,7 vs 0,4; p<0.05). Plasma liver disease markers were increased in GDM dams compared to HF and LF controls (ALT: 81,9 vs 26,7 and 24,0 U/L, p<0.05; AST: 155,0 vs 63,7 and 71,5 U/L, p<0.05). Finally, the histopathological analysis showed increased NAFLD activity scores in livers from GDM dams (3,4 vs 1,0 and 1,5 p<0.05) as well as higher energy accumulation (lipid and glycogen), inflammation, and cell turnover indices. Conclusion: We confirmed that GDM dams develop NAFLD over a relatively short period after giving birth. Our findings indicate that the double-hit model of lean GDM can be used to further study the effects of pregnancy hyperglycemia in absence of obesity and its role in the development of postpartum NAFLD.
Adipose tissue insulin resistance, liver fat and fetuin-A in South Asian and Nordic women after gestational diabetes$$$ Background and aims: Individuals of South Asian (SA) ethnicity are more prone to develop type 2 diabetes (T2D) compared to white Europeans. A surplus of metabolic active visceral fat seem to be important for this increased risk, but the mechanisms remain incompletely understood. We focused on the inter-tissue cross-talk between adipose tissue (AT) and the liver in the development of insulin resistance (IR) and hypothesised that differences in this cross-talk contribute to the increased risk of T2D in SA women. Materials and methods: 179 SA (from India, Pakistan, Sri Lank and Bangladesh) and 108 Nordic (from Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland and Iceland) women living in Oslo, Norway underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) 1-3 years after gestational diabetes. Non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), very-low-density lipoprotein triacylglycerol (VLDL-TG), glucose, insulin and C-peptide were measured during the OGTT in addition to fasting blood fetuin- A, leptin, adiponectin, C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and high- and low-density cholesterol (HDL-c and LDL-c) levels. Results: 31% of SA and 53% of Nordic women had a normal OGTT. In women with normoglycaemia, SA exhibited lower suppression of NEFA levels during the OGTT than NO normoglycaemic women, but a similar NEFA response as in women with prediabetes/ T2D. Normoglycaemic SA also displayed higher levels of VLDL-TG than NO, again with a similar response pattern as seen in women with prediabetes/T2D. Normoglycaemic SA were moving up the curve when comparing NEFA as a function of insulin levels, approaching women with prediabetes/T2D. Markers of AT IR were positively correlated to plasma levels of leptin, CRP and IL-6, and negatively correlated to plasma adiponectin levels. The median plasma CRP and IL-6 levels were higher whereas plasma adiponectin levels were lower in normoglycaemic SA than in NO. The median plasma fetuin-A concentration was higher in normoglycaemic SA than in NO and mediated 10% of the ethnic difference in AT IR. Normoglycaemic SA displayed higher levels of liver fat markers, lower hepatic insulin clearance and plasma HDL-c levels and increased peripheral insulin concentrations than NO controls. Conclusion: We observed clear signs of AT IR in SA that were associated with increased liver fat content and signs of dyslipidaemia. AT IR was partly explained by markers of AT inflammation and increased plasma levels of fetuin-A. We suggest that targeting AT dysfunction may lower the risk of T2D and cardiovascular disease in SA.
GLP-1 analogs and regional adiposity: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) analogs regulate body weight and liver steatosis. Different body adipose tissue (AT) depots exhibit biological variability. Accordingly, GLP-1 analog effects on AT distribution are unclear. Objectives: To investigate GLP1-analog effects on adiposity distribution. Search methods: PubMed, Cochrane, and Scopus databases were screened for eligible randomized human trials. Pre-defined endpoints included visceral AT (VAT), subcutaneous AT (SAT), total AT (TAT), epicardial AT (EAT), liver AT (LAT), and waist-to-hip ratio (W:H). Search was conducted until May 17, 2022. Data collection and analysis: Data extraction and bias assessment were performed by two independent investigators. Treatment effects were estimated using random effects models. Analyses were performed on Review Manager v5.3. Main results: Out of the 367 screened studies, 45 were included in the systematic review and 35 were used in the meta-analysis. GLP-1 analogs reduced VAT, SAT, TAT, LAT, and EAT, with non-significant effects on W:H. Overall bias risk was low. Conclusions: GLP-1 analog treatment reduces TAT, affecting most studied AT depots, including the pathogenic VAT, EAT, and LAT. GLP-1 analogs may have significant roles in combating metabolic, obesity-associated diseases via reductions of key AT depot volumes.
Synergistic effect of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and history of gestational diabetes to increase risk of type 2 diabetes$$$ Whether non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) improves risk prediction for subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) is uncertain. We examined the combined effects of NAFLD and pGDM on risk prediction for incident T2DM. This retrospective cohort study included 97,347 Korean parous women without diabetes mellitus at baseline whose mean (SD) age was 39.0 (7.8) years. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) for incident T2DM according to self-reported pGDM and ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD at baseline. When combined with conventional diabetes risk factors, the incremental predictive ability of NAFLD and pGDM to identify incident T2DM was assessed. During a median follow-up of 3.9 years, 1,515 cases of incident T2DM occurred. Multivariable-adjusted HRs (95% confidence intervals [CIs]) for incident T2DM comparing pGDM alone, NAFLD alone, and both NAFLD and pGDM to the reference (neither NAFLD nor pGDM) were 2.61 (2.06–3.31), 2.26 (1.96–2.59), and 6.45 (5.19-8.00), respectively (relative excess risk of interaction = 2.58 [95% CI, 1.21–3.95]). These associations were maintained after adjusting for insulin resistance, body mass index, and other potential confounders as time-dependent covariates. The combination of NAFLD and pGDM improved risk prediction for incident T2DM (based on Harrell’s C−index, also known as the concordance index, and net reclassification improvement) compared to conventional diabetes risk factors. In conclusion, NAFLD synergistically increases the risk of subsequent T2DM in women with pGDM. The combination of NAFLD and pGDM improves risk prediction for T2DM.
Familial Partial Lipodystrophy: Clinical Features, Genetics and Treatment in a Greek Referral Center$$$ Familial partial lipodystrophy (FPLD) is a rare syndrome in which a patient’s phenotype is not merely dependent on the specific genetic mutation, but it is also defined by a combination of other demographic, environmental and genetic factors. In this prospective observational study in a Greek referral center, we enrolled 39 patients who fulfilled the clinical criteria of FPLD. A genetic analysis was conducted, which included sequence and deletion/duplication analyses of the LMNA and PPRARG genes, along with anthropometric and metabolic parameters. The treatment responses of patients who were eligible for treatment with metreleptin were evaluated at 3 and 12 months. In most of the patients, no significant changes were detected at the exon level, and any mutations that led to changes at the protein level were not associated with the lipodystrophic phenotype. On the contrary, various changes were detected at the intron level, especially in introns 7 and 10, whose clinical significance is considered unknown. In addition, treatment with metreleptin in specific FPLD patients significantly improved glycemic and lipidemic control, an effect which was sustained at the 12-month follow-up. More large-scale studies are necessary to clarify the genetic and allelic heterogeneity of the disease, along with other parameters which could predict treatment response.
Metformin versus insulin for gestational diabetes: Adiposity variables and adipocytokines in offspring at age of 9 years$$$ Aims: To compare body composition, visceral adiposity, adipocytokines, and low-grade inflammation markers in prepubertal offspring of mothers who were treated with metformin or insulin for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: 172 offspring of 311 mothers randomized to receive metformin (n = 82) or insulin (n = 90) for GDM were studied at 9 years of age (follow-up rate 55%). Measurements included anthropometrics, adipocytokines, markers of the low-grade inflammation, abdominal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), magnetic liver spectrometry (MRS), and whole body dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). Results: Serum markers of low-grade inflammation, visceral adipose tissue volume, total fat percentage, and liver fat percentage were similar between the study groups. Serum adiponectin concentration was higher in children in the metformin group compared to insulin group (median 10.37 vs 9.50 µg/ml, p = 0.016). This difference between groups was observed in boys only (median 12.13 vs 7.50 µg/ml, p < 0.001). Leptin/adiponectin-ratio was lower in boys in the metformin group than in the insulin group (median 0.30 vs 0.75; p = 0.016). Conclusions: Maternal metformin treatment for GDM had no effects on adiposity, body composition, liver fat, or inflammation markers in prepubertal offspring compared to maternal insulin treatment but was associated with higher adiponectin concentration and lower leptin/adiponectin-ratio in boys.
Pregnancy outcome with maternal HNF1B gene mutations and 17q12 deletions$$$ There is an increasing body of literature regarding monogenic diabetes, particularly the more common forms of glucokinase and HNF1-alpha mutations (MODY2 and MODY3). There is relatively little published literature regarding rarer mutations. HNF1-beta mutations and 17q12 deletions may be associated with a broad range of organ dysfunction, renal disease and diabetes in particular resulting in high-risk pregnancies. This manuscript describes pregnancy outcomes in a woman with an HNF1-beta mutation and 2 women with an HNF1B/17q12 deletion and reviews the previously published literature. It highlights the significant rate of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes, and the maternal features suggestive of the diagnosis which should be considered in preconception counselling.
Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis is independently associated with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Background and Aim: A recent study has demonstrated that women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are more likely to develop non-alcoholic fatty liver disease than those without GDM. In contrary to non-alcoholic fatty liver, the association of GDM with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) has still not been well established in the current literature. Therefore, we aim to evaluate the association of a history of GDM and the development of NASH throughout their lives independently of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: A validated research database of more than 360 hospitals was utilized to construct this study. Adult females included were divided into two groups: those with NASH (case) and individuals without NASH (control). Regression analysis was performed to account for potential cofounders. Results: There were 70 632 640 individuals above the age of 18 years screened in the database. In patients with a history of GDM, NASH was most prevalent in middle age people compared with NASH alone, which was more prevalent in people aged 65 years and above. Compared with those without, patients with NASH tend to be Caucasian (odds ratio [OR]: 2.13), obese (OR: 4.83), have a history of GDM (OR: 1.23), diagnosed with hyperlipidemia (OR: 2.59), T2DM (OR: 4.52), metabolic syndrome (OR: 3.07), polycystic ovaries disease (OR: 1.72), and hypothyroidism (OR: 1.59). Conclusion: We demonstrated for the first time an increased odd of developing NASH in women who have had a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus throughout their lives independently of any other factors that could interfere with the results.
Hyperglycaemia, pregnancy outcomes and maternal metabolic disease risk during pregnancy and lactation in a lean gestational diabetes mouse model$$$ Abstract: Hyperglycaemia in pregnancy (HIP) is a pregnancy complication characterized by mild to moderate hyperglycaemia that negatively impacts short- and long-term health of mother and child. However, relationships between severity and timing of pregnancy hyperglycaemia and postpartum outcomes have not been systemically investigated. We investigated the impact of hyperglycaemia developing during pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus, GDM) or already present pre-mating (pre-gestational diabetes mellitus, PDM) on maternal health and pregnancy outcomes. GDM and PDM were induced in C57BL/6NTac mice by combined 60% high fat diet (HF) and low dose streptozotocin (STZ). Animals were screened for PDM prior to mating, and all underwent an oral glucose tolerance test on gestational day (GD)15. Tissues were collected at GD18 or at postnatal day (PN)15. Among HFSTZ-treated dams, 34% developed PDM and 66% developed GDM, characterized by impaired glucose-induced insulin release and inadequate suppression of endogenous glucose production. No increased adiposity or overt insulin resistance was observed. Furthermore, markers of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) were significantly increased in PDM at GD18 and were positively correlated with basal glucose levels at GD18 in GDM dams. By PN15, NAFLD markers were also increased in GDM dams. Only PDM affected pregnancy outcomes such as litter size. Our findings indicate that GDM and PDM, resulting in disturbances of maternal glucose homeostasis, increase the risk of postpartum NAFLD development, related to the onset and severity of pregnancy hyperglycaemia. These findings signal a need for earlier monitoring of maternal glycaemia and more rigorous follow-up of maternal health after GDM and PDM pregnancy in humans. (Figure presented.). Key points: We studied the impact of high-fat diet/streptozotocin induced hyperglycaemia in pregnancy in mice and found that this impaired glucose tolerance and insulin release. Litter size and embryo survival were compromised by pre-gestational, but not by gestational, diabetes. Despite postpartum recovery from hyperglycaemia in a majority of dams, liver disease markers were further elevated by postnatal day 15. Maternal liver disease markers were associated with the severity of hyperglycaemia at gestational day 18. The association between hyperglycaemic exposure and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease signals a need for more rigorous monitoring and follow-up of maternal glycaemia and health in diabetic pregnancy in humans.
NON-ALCOHOLIC FATTY LIVER DISEASE IN PREGNANCY IS ASSOCIATED WITH ADVERSE MATERNAL AND FETAL OUTCOMES$$$ Introduction: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become the leading cause of liver disease and cirrhosis in USA, with potential complications for productive-aged women. The studies on NAFLD in pregnant women are limited. We aimed in our study to evaluate the effect of NAFLD on pregnancy outcomes using a large database. Methods: We performed a case control study with the National Inpatient Sample (NIS) using ICD10-CM and PCS codes to identify patients with pregnancy and patients with history of NAFLD. Primary outcomes were differences in mortality rate and rates of inpatient outcomes and complications between pregnant patients with NAFLD and those without(controls). For categorical variables we used Chi-squred test with Rao and Scott's second order correction. For Continuous variables we used Wilcoxon rank-sum test for complex survey samples. All analysis were performed using R studio. Results: Out of a total of 12,039,222 pregnant women in the cohort, 7,315 (0.06%) had history of NAFLD. These patients were older (30.6 vs 28.7; p<0.001) and more likely to be Hispanic or white (41% and 38%), respectively. Table 1 summarizes the demographic characteristics of the cohort. Comparing to pregnant women without NAFLD, patients with NAFLD had higher prevalence of major antepartum complications like pre-eclampsia (21% vs 5.4%) and gestational diabetes (24% vs 7.4%), both p<0.001. In addition, NAFLD cohort are more likely to undergo induction of labor (32% vs 24%; p< 0.001), or cesarean delivery (38% vs 23%; p<0.001). Moreover, severe maternal morbidity (SMM) conditions are increased with NAFLD like shock (0.5% vs <0.1%), ARDS (0.9% vs 0.1%), DIC (4.2% vs 0.2%), acute renal failure (5.5% vs 0.2%) and postpartum hemorrhage (12% vs 5.1%), all p<0.001. NAFLD group had more fetal complications like pre-term birth (12% vs 5.7%’ p<0.001), Intrauterine Growth Restriction (IUGR) (4.9% vs 3.3% p<0.001), fetal distress (34% vs 22%; p<0.001) and stillbirth (0.3% vs <0.1% p = 0.026), table 2. Conclusion: Our study concludes that NAFLD is significantly associated with obstetric adverse events, severe maternal morbidity and major fetal complications. With NAFLD prevalence on the rise, it should be considered a high-risk condition in pregnancy and Maternal-Fetal medicine care is recommended.
Sleep quality and metabolic consequences in overweight or obese children and adolescents$$$ Background: Emerging evidence has assigned an important role to sleep as a modulator of metabolic homeostasis. The impact of variations in sleep quality in cardiometabolic function encompasses a wide array of disorders spanning from obesity, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease risk and mortality, in both adults and children. Yet little is known about the impact of sleep disturbances in overweight or obese children. Aim: The aim of this study was to characterize sleep in children with overweight or obesity and to examine the associations between child sleep and components of metabolic syndrome in overweight or obese children and adolescents. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted from June 2022 to August 2022. Overweight and obese children evaluated in Pediatrics consultations in our Center were included. The Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index questionnaire was applied to patients (or patient's parents/guardians). Sleep quality was classified as follows: 0-5=good sleep quality; 6-10=poor sleep quality; >10=sleep disorder. Additional data was collected from the clinical file. The data was treated by the software IBM SPSS Statistics 27 at a significance level of 5%. A multivariate analysis was performed with adjustment for gender, age, history of gestational diabetes, maternal and paternal education, weeks of gestation at birth and whether the child was breastfed. Results: Sixty-nine patients were included (BMI: 29.9±6.3Kg/m2; age: 12.4±3.3years), of which 44.9%% were female. This last group had higher global Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index score (11.5±7.3 vs. 10.9±6.8, p=0.013. Twenty-eight percent of children met criteria for poor sleep quality and 47.1% of sleep disorder. There was a positive correlation between both BMI (r=0.305; p=0.001) and Z-score of BMI (r=0.269, p= 0.025) and sleep score quality but this association was no longer observed after adjusting for confounders (β=0.401, p=0.078 and β=4.456, p=0.078, respectively). A higher level of maternal education and age was inversely associated with worse sleep quality (p=0.013 and 0.039 respectively). No relationship was found between sleep quality and lipid profile, hepatic steatosis, blood pressure or A1c. Conclusion: Poor sleep quality may be inversely related to BMI, however, the small size of the sample and the fact that normoweight children were not included may have meant that significant differences were not obtained between the groups. It seems that the confounding factors were more correlated with the sleep quality score than the metabolic parameters, since adjusting for them does not show a significant association between BMI and the sleep quality score. Further studies are needed to assess sleep quality among children with and without obesity, in a population with more patients and more uniform ages.
Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease as a risk factor for adverse outcomes in subsequent pregnancy: a nationwide cohort study$$$ Background and purpose: A recent international expert consensus opinion suggested that metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) replaces nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), since MAFLD is a better predictor of cardiovascular disease. We estimated the prevalence of FLD in fertile females and evaluated the clinical impact of either NAFLD or MAFLD on maternal and fetal outcomes during subsequent pregnancy. Methods: The study population included fertile females who underwent health examinations and became pregnant within 1 year of health examination. Hepatic steatosis was defined as a fatty liver index of ≥ 30. The fertile females were divided into four groups: neither-FLD, NAFLD-only, MAFLD-only, and both-FLDs. During subsequent pregnancy, the risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and low birthweight, were compared among the four groups. Results: The study population comprised 762,401 females, including 720,606 with neither-FLD, 318 with NAFLD-only, 14,371 with MAFLD-only, and 27,106 with both-FLDs. Compared to females with neither-FLD, the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in females with any FLD, with an adjusted OR of 1.73 (95% CI 1.25–2.41) in the NALFD-only group, 2.65 (2.53–2.77) in the MAFLD-only group, and 2.39 (2.31–2.48) in the both-FLDs group. Pregnancy outcomes (cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, and low birthweight) were worse in females with MAFLD compared with NAFLD. Conclusion: Any form of FLD is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. These data suggest that MAFLD is associated with a higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes for both mother and fetus than NAFLD.
Breastfeeding duration associates with lower intima media thickness in women without history of gestational diabetes$$$ Epidemiological studies demonstrate a long-lasting protective effect of breastfeeding on cardiovascular risk. We hypothesize that a history of prolonged breastfeeding would positively affects intima media thickness (IMT) in mothers with and without GDM history (hGDM). We investigated the effects of lactation duration after the index pregnancy on IMT in non-pregnant, non-lactating women from the ongoing PREG study (NCT04270578) at a follow up visit (2.4 [1.2-5.1] years after delivery) comprising of an oral glucose tolerance test and spectroscopic liver fat content measurement. IMT of the common carotid artery was assessed with ultrasonography and analyzed with multivariable linear models adjusting for age, BMI, liver fat, insulin sensitivity, parity and follow-up time in women with and without hGDM. We examined 47 women (21 hGDM) at median age of 38 [34.5 - 41.6] years. Women with hGDM had higher IMT (0.6 [0.52 - 0.69] mm vs. 0.54 [0.46 - 0.58] mm, p = 0.022). Study participants reported a median breastfeeding duration of 8 [4-15] months. We observed an interaction of lactation duration with hGDM status (pInteraction = 0.034, adjusted for age, BMI, follow-up time) on IMT: longer lactation associated with lower IMT only in women without previous GDM (p = 0.039,), while there was no association in women with history of GDM (p = 0.7). This association persisted in models additionally adjusted for insulin sensitivity and parity. Our data show that longer breastfeeding periods associate with lower IMT, but only in women without hGDM. Further mechanistical studies are needed to elucidate how breastfeeding exerts beneficial long-time effects on IMT.
Associations between plasma sulfur amino acids and specific fat depots in two independent cohorts: CODAM and The Maastricht Study$$$ Purpose: Sulfur amino acids (SAAs) have been associated with obesity and obesity-related metabolic diseases. We investigated whether plasma SAAs (methionine, total cysteine (tCys), total homocysteine, cystathionine and total glutathione) are related to specific fat depots. Methods: We examined cross-sectional subsets from the CODAM cohort (n = 470, 61.3% men, median [IQR]: 67 [61, 71] years) and The Maastricht Study (DMS; n = 371, 53.4% men, 63 [55, 68] years), enriched with (pre)diabetic individuals. SAAs were measured in fasting EDTA plasma with LC–MS/MS. Outcomes comprised BMI, skinfolds, waist circumference (WC), dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA, DMS), body composition, abdominal subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissues (CODAM: ultrasound, DMS: MRI) and liver fat (estimated, in CODAM, or MRI-derived, in DMS, liver fat percentage and fatty liver disease). Associations were examined with linear or logistic regressions adjusted for relevant confounders with z-standardized primary exposures and outcomes. Results: Methionine was associated with all measures of liver fat, e.g., fatty liver disease [CODAM: OR = 1.49 (95% CI 1.19, 1.88); DMS: OR = 1.51 (1.09, 2.14)], but not with other fat depots. tCys was associated with overall obesity, e.g., BMI [CODAM: β = 0.19 (0.09, 0.28); DMS: β = 0.24 (0.14, 0.34)]; peripheral adiposity, e.g., biceps and triceps skinfolds [CODAM: β = 0.15 (0.08, 0.23); DMS: β = 0.20 (0.12, 0.29)]; and central adiposity, e.g., WC [CODAM: β = 0.16 (0.08, 0.25); DMS: β = 0.17 (0.08, 0.27)]. Associations of tCys with VAT and liver fat were inconsistent. Other SAAs were not associated with body fat. Conclusion: Plasma concentrations of methionine and tCys showed distinct associations with different fat depots, with similar strengths in the two cohorts.
Association between maternal obesity, essential fatty acids and biomarkers of fetal liver function$$$ Maternal obesity and the imbalance in linoleic acid (C18:2 n-6, LA) and alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3 n-3, ALA) levels are related with hepatic disturbances in the offspring. However, whether these alterations are present during fetal life is not well understood. Obese and normal weight pregnant women were recruited to determine fatty acids (FAs) consumption, FAs profile (in maternal erythrocytes, placenta and neonatal very low-density lipoproteins VLDL) and biomarkers of fetal liver function, such as gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) and albumin, in umbilical cord blood. Stearic acid (C18:0, ST) was lower, and total n-3 FAs tended to be lower in umbilical cord VLDLs of obese women compared to controls. Independently of maternal obesity, GGT levels in umbilical cord blood was positively correlated with the LA content and negatively correlated with the ALA content in maternal erythrocytes. We conclude that maternal obesity and its imbalance of LA and ALA are associated with changes in biomarkers of fetal liver function.
New-Onset NAFLD during Pregnancy is a Risk Factor for Large-for-Gestational Age Birthweight$$$ Introduction: Maternal fat accumulation increases in the first half of pregnancy because of increased insulin resistance, increased lipid synthesis, and maternal hyperlipidemia. Pregnancy-induced hyperlipidemia itself can cause fat accumulation in the liver, which is highly sensitive to metabolic alternation. Although previous studies have shown that non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) that predates pregnancy is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, there are no studies investigating pregnancy outcomes in women who develop NAFLD during pregnancy. Since NAFLD/hepatic insulin resistance can result in exaggerated fetal growth from increased glucose and fatty acid release, we examined whether new-onset NAFLD during pregnancy was associated with excessive fetal growth. Methods: This is a secondary analysis of a large prospective cohort study of healthy Korean women designed to examine pregnancy outcome in the setting of NAFLD. Metabolic profiling and liver ultrasounds were performed to diagnose NAFLD in the first and late second trimester (24-28 weeks). Based on these results, the study population was divided into three groups: Group 1, no NAFLD in both first and second trimester; Group 2, no NAFLD in first trimester but new-onset NAFLD in second trimester; Group 3, NAFLD in both first and second trimester. Large-for-gestational age (LGA) was defined as birthweight >90 percentile for gestational age. Results: A total of 1474 women were included in the analysis, including 1210 with no NAFLD (Group 1), 69 with new-onset NAFLD (Group 2), and 195 with NAFLD in both trimesters (Group 3). Compared with Group 1, the risk of LGA was higher in Group 3 as expected but also in Group 2. The increased risk in Group 2 remained signifcant after adjustment for multiple variables, including gestational diabetes and pre-pregnancy BMI (aOR, 2.27; 95% CI, 1.05-4.44). Conclusion: New-onset NAFLD during pregnancy was associated with a two-fold increased risk of delivering an LGA infant, suggesting that excessive fat accumulation in the liver during pregnancy may be a marker of or directly afect fetal growth.
Lifestyle and nutrition intake as a risk factor for PCOS: Developing country perspective$$$ Polycystic ovary syndrome is closely related to complex multisystem conditions such as metabolic, endocrine, psychological, fertility, and pregnancy-related implications at all stages of life. The majority of women with PCOS manifest several metabolic features including obesity, insulin resistance (IR), dyslipidemia, and hyperandrogenism. PCOS results in an increased risk of developing metabolic disease such as type 2 diabetes, non- alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), cardiovascular disease; various pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, macrosomia, growth restriction, miscarriage, stillbirth, and premature delivery. PCOS affects more than 10% of women of reproductive age, an estimated more than 200 million women worldwide. PCOS is thought to be increasing in incidence in both developing and developed countries as a result of lifestyle-related changes in diet quality, reduced physical activity, endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs), changes in light exposure, sleep disturbances, increased stress levels, and others. Lifestyle influencing changes in the character of the gastrointestinal microbiome is another important factor in the etiology of PCOS. Several studies have reported reduced alpha diversity of the microbiome which has been associated with metabolic, endocrine, and clinical features observed in women with PCOS. The resulting dysbiosis has been shown to be reversible after interventions aimed at improving diet or treatment with probiotics or symbiotic. In our observations, we found that inadequate daily fiber intake, lack of intake of several micronutrients such as vitamin D, B6, niacin and folic acid had a significant relationship with the incidence of PCOS in Jakarta.
Abnormal lipid profile in neonates born to mothers with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Background & Aims: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a hepatic manifestation of metabolic disease and has been associated with adverse pregnancy outcome such as gestational diabetes, macrosomia, pregnancyassociated hypertension. Intrauterine exposure to unfavorable metabolic environments, such as insulin resistance and dyslipidemia, is related with less favorable metabolic profile of offspring later in life. However, there is paucity of information whether this relationship is originated from fetal metabolic alteration. In this study, we attempted to investigate the impact of NAFLD on neonatal lipid profile at birth. Methods: The current study is a secondary analysis of a prospective cohort designed to examine the risk of NAFLD during pregnancy. The study population consisted of 43 pregnant women with NAFLD and 172 normal pregnant women without NAFLD, selected after propensity scoring matching for maternal age, parity, maternal BMI, gestational diabetes, and pregnancyassociated hypertension. We compared fetal metabolic laboratory result between offspring born to mothers with NAFLD and without NAFLD. Results: The concentration of fetal HDL was significantly lower in offspring born to mothers with NAFLD. The risk of HDL dyslipidemia increased significantly in offspring born to mothers and HDL dyslipidemia remained significant after adjustment for gestational age at delivery, birthweight, gestational diabetes, and maternal BMI. (Adjusted odds ratio, 6.12; 95% CI, 1.11-33.68). Conclusions: Intrauterine exposure to maternal NAFLD was associated with the risk of HDL dyslipidemia, suggesting fetal metabolic alteration in pregnant women with NAFLD.
Transient elastography and controlled attenuation parameter to evaluate hepatic steatosis and liver stiffness in postpartum patients$$$ Introduction: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) affects 30% of adults in the United States. Transient elastography (TE) (Fibroscan, Echosens, Paris, France) with controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) is a noninvasive way to evaluate liver steatosis and liver stiffness. The primary objective of this study was to assess prevalence of elevated liver stiffness and steatosis immediately postpartum. Furthermore, we sought to evaluate whether there were differences in rates of metabolic disorders of pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia) and pre-pregnancy conditions (type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), chronic hypertension, and obesity) in those with elevated postpartum liver steatosis/liver stiffness. Methods: IRB approved prospective cross-sectional study in which TE and liver function tests were performed 1–2 days postpartum. CAP ≥300 dB/m was classified as significant steatosis. Increased liver stiffness was defined as ≥7 kPa. Prevalence was determined by proportion of individuals undergoing TE/CAP who met criteria. Chi-square analysis was used to compare differences between groups. Results: Eighty-nine patients were included: 20 (22%) had GDM, 13 (15%) had gestational hypertension, and 15 (17%) had preeclampsia. Women with kPa ≥7 were more likely to have ALT ≥25, type 2 diabetes, and preeclampsia (p <.05). Pre-gravid BMI, BMI at delivery, and GDM were not associated with increased kPa. Pregravid BMI ≥25 and chronic hypertension were associated with CAP ≥ 300 dB/m (p <.05). GDM, preeclampsia, and gestational hypertension were not associated with CAP ≥300 dB/m. Conclusions: Patients with preeclampsia, type 2 diabetes, and elevated ALT were more likely to have elevated postpartum liver stiffness. Pregravid BMI ≥25 and ≥30 were associated with increased liver steatosis, although did not impact liver stiffness. GDM was not associated with increased liver stiffness or steatosis. Consideration should be made for screening pregnant patients with preeclampsia, type 2 DM and overweight or obese BMI for liver disease in the postpartum period with potential for lifestyle intervention.
Prevention of gestational diabetes mellitus: a minireview$$$ Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse maternal, foetal and neonatal outcomes and is increasing worldwide probably for the increasing rate of overweight and obesity, being the latter a major risk factor. To these women with well recognized risk factors some interventions to prevent GDM should be offered. In this way, possible interventions are diet and/ or exercise, metformin and myo-inositol. Diet and exercise are considered first line for the prevention of GDM, but in particular kind of pregnant women like obese, who usually follow unhealthy lifestyles, this type of intervention may fail. Metformin is usually used for the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus type 2 and recently also for hyper-insulinemic infertile women affected by polycystic ovary syndrome with the aim to restore ovarian cycle and ovulation. In these women, metformin was given off-label throughout pregnancy, but in pro-spective, randomized trials, especially when obese women are involved, met-formin failed to prevent GDM. On the other hand, a supplement, myo-inositol demonstrated to reduce GDM rate when it was given since first trimester. This review analyses the effect of these three interventions for preventing GDM with the help of the most recent literature.
Maternal elevated inflammation impairs placental fatty acids β-oxidation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Introduction: An adverse proinflammatory milieu contributes to abnormal cellular energy metabolism response. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is closely related to an altered maternal inflammatory status. However, its role on lipid metabolism regulation in human placenta has not yet been assessed. The aim of this study was to examine the impact of maternal circulating inflammatory mediators ([TNF]-α, [IL]-6, and Leptin) on placental fatty acid metabolism in GDM pregnancies. Methods: Fasting maternal blood and placental tissues were collected at term deliveries from 37 pregnant women (17 control and 20 GDM). Molecular approach techniques as radiolabeled lipid tracers, ELISAs, immunohistochemistry and multianalyte immunoassay quantitative analysis, were used to quantify serum inflammatory factors’ levels, to measure lipid metabolic parameters in placental villous samples (mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation [FAO] rate and lipid content [Triglycerides]), and to analyze their possible relationships. The effect of potential candidate cytokines on fatty acid metabolism in ex vivo placental explants culture following C-section a term was also examined. Results: Maternal serum IL-6, TNF-α and leptin levels were significantly increased in GDM patients compared with control pregnant women (9,9±4,5 vs. 3,00±1,7; 4,5±2,8 vs. 2,1±1,3; and 10026,7±5628,8 vs. 5360,2±2499,9 pg/ml, respectively). Placental FAO capacity was significantly diminished (~30%; p<0.01), whereas triglyceride levels were three-fold higher (p<0.01) in full-term GDM placentas. Uniquely the maternal IL-6 levels showed an inverse and positive correlation with the ability to oxidize fatty acids and triglyceride amount in placenta, respectively (r= -0,602, p=0.005; r= 0,707, p=0.001). Additionally, an inverse correlation between placental FAO and triglycerides was also found (r=-0.683; p=0.001). Interestingly, we ex vivo demonstrated by using placental explant cultures that a prolonged exposure with IL-6 (10 ng/mL) resulted in a decline in the fatty acid oxidation rate (~25%; p=0.001), along to acute increase (2-fold times) in triglycerides accumulation (p=0.001), and in lipid neutral and lipid droplets deposits. Conclusions: Enhanced maternal proinflammatory cytokines levels (essentially IL-6) is closely associated with an altered placental fatty acid metabolism in pregnancies with GDM, which may interfere with adequate delivery of maternal fat across the placenta to the fetus.
Elevated Hepatic Steatosis Index is Associated with the Development of Adverse Maternal, but Not Adverse Neonatal, Outcomes: A Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Objective: To determine whether an elevated hepatic steatosis index (HSI), a non-invasive test for possible metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), is associated with the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Material and Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted on adult women with singleton pregnancies who delivered at two tertiary hospitals from August 2014 to December 2017. Aspartate aminotransaminase (AST) and alanine aminotransaminase (ALT) levels obtained 12 months pre-gravid, or during pregnancy but prior to screening for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), were extracted and linked with oral glucose tolerance test results. The HSI was calculated using the following equation: 8 × (ALT/AST ratio) + BMI (+2 if female; +2 if diabetes mellitus present) and considered elevated if >36. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to quantify the association between elevated HSI and each composite adverse pregnancy outcome after adjusting for independent maternal risk factors. Results: Over 40-months, 11929 women were eligible and of these, 1885 had liver enzymes collected. Women with an elevated HSI (>36) were more likely multiparous and overweight/obese compared to those women with a non–elevated HSI (≤36). Elevated HSI was significantly associated with a composite of adverse maternal outcomes (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 1.55 95% CI 1.11–2.17, p=0.01), although a non-significant increased risk of a composite of adverse neonatal outcomes occurred after multivariable adjustment (aOR 1.17, 95% CI 0.94–1.45, p=0.17). Conclusion: Over and above known maternal risk factors, women with elevated HSI were more likely to develop adverse maternal, but not adverse neonatal outcomes.
Novel implication of the prolactin (PRL) gene in the comorbidity of type 2 diabetes and depression$$$ OBJECTIVE: The prolactin (PRL) system plays important behavioral, social, and metabolic roles, such as mediating social bonding and insulin secretion. Inherited dysfunction of the PRL pathway-related genes is associated with psychopathology and insulin resistance. We have previously suggested that the PRL system might be implicated in the comorbidity of psychiatric (depression) and type 2 diabetes (T2D) owing to the pleiotropy of PRL pathway-related genes. To our knowledge, no PRL variants have so far been reported in patients with either major depressive disorder (MDD) and/or T2D. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In this study, we analyzed 6 variants within the PRL gene and tested them for the presence of parametric linkage and/or linkage disequilibrium (LD, i.e., linkage and association) with familial MDD, T2D, and their comorbidity. RESULTS: We found, for the first time, that the PRL gene and its novel risk variants are linked to and in LD (i.e., linkage and association) with familial MDD, T2D, and MDD-T2D comorbidity. CONCLUSIONS: PRL might play a key role in mental-metabolic comorbidity and can be considered a novel gene in MDD and T2D.
Assessment of Infantile Psychomotor Development Status in 6 and 12-Month-Old IUGR Infants: A Historical Cohort Study$$$ Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is responsible for different post-natal adverse outcomes. This study aimed to evaluate the post-natal psychomotor development status in 6 and 12-month-old IUGR infants who received early preventive interventions. A historical cohort study was done at an Iranian Hospital (2019). The case group included one-year-old infants with a history of IUGR at birth. This group was visited every 2 months to evaluate their growth and neurodevelopmental status. Their parents had also received some training to improve their infant's sensory and motor skills. The control group comprised one-year-old healthy infants with a history of appropriate for gestational age (AGA) at birth. Data related to psychomotor developmental indices based on the ASQ questionnaire at 6 and 12-month for both groups was extracted from subjects' records. Infants' psychomotor development status was compared between groups. Forty-one infants with a history of IUGR and 43 healthy control infants were included in this study. There were significant differences between 2 groups associated with abnormalities in all evaluated psychomotor skills, including gross motor (P=0.014), problem-solving ability (P=0.049), communication (P=0.031), fine motor (P=0.016) and personal-social (P=0.016) at 6 months. After one year of family-based interventions for the case group, significant differences between groups were notable in only fine motor (P=0.016) and personal-social skills (P=0.031). At 12 months, the psychomotor disorders related to gross motor, problem-solving ability, and communication were significantly alleviated in the IUGR group. Early preventive family-based interventions can improve the neurodevelopmental outcomes in 12-month-old IUGR infants.
Cardiometabolic Risk, Peripheral Arterial Disease and Cardiovascular Events in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Time to Implement Systematic Screening and Update the Management$$$ Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a highly prevalent endocrine disorder in women of reproductive age. It presents with gynaecologic, metabolic, and psychologic manifestations. The dominant drivers of pathophysiology are hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance. Both conditions are related to cardiometabolic risk factors, such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, hyperglycaemia, type 2 and gestational diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and obstructive sleep apnoea. Women with PCOS of reproductive age consistently demonstrated an elevated risk of subclinical atherosclerosis, as indicated by different measurement methods, while findings for menopausal age groups exhibited mixed results. Translation of subclinical atherosclerosis into the increased incidence of peripheral arterial disease and major cardiovascular (CV) events is less clear. Although several expert groups have advised screening, the CV risk assessment and prevention of CV events are frequently underdiagnosed and overlooked aspects of the management of PCOS. A combination of lifestyle management and pharmacotherapy, including the promising new era of anti-obesity medicine, can lead to improvements in cardiometabolic health.
Role of liver parameters in diabetes mellitus - A narrative review$$$ Diabetes mellitus is characterized by hyperglycemia and abnormalities in insulin secretion and function. This review article focuses on various liver parameters, including albumin, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), alpha fetoprotein (AFP), alpha 1 antitrypsin (AAT), ammonia, bilirubin, bile acid, gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), immunoglobulin, lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), and total protein. These parameters play significant roles in the development of different types of diabetes such as type 1 diabetes (T1DM), type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and gestational diabetes (GDM). The article highlights that low albumin levels may indicate inflammation, while increased ALT and AST levels are associated with liver inflammation or injury, particularly in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Elevated ALP levels can be influenced by liver inflammation, biliary dysfunction, or bone metabolism changes. High bilirubin levels are independently linked to albuminuria in T1DM and an increased risk of T2DM. Elevated GGT levels are proposed as markers of oxidative stress and liver dysfunction in T2DM. In GDM, decreased serum AFP levels may indicate impaired embryo growth. Decreased AFP levels in T2DM can hinder the detection of hepatocellular carcinoma. Hyperammonemia can cause encephalopathy in diabetic ketoacidosis, and children with T1DM and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder often exhibit higher ammonia levels. T2DM disrupts the regulation of nitrogen-related metabolites, leading to increased blood ammonia levels. Bile acids affect glucose regulation by activating receptors on cell surfaces and nuclei, and changes in bile acid metabolism are observed in T2DM. Increased LDH activity reflects metabolic disturbances in glucose utilization and lactate production, contributing to diabetic complications. Poor glycemic management may be associated with elevated levels of IgA and IgG serum antibodies, and increased immunoglobulin levels are also associated with T2DM.
Maternal obesity induced metabolic disorders in offspring and myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulation$$$ Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes are associated with childhood obesity and increased cardiovascular risk. In this review, we will discuss and summarize extensive clinical and experimental studies that metabolically imbalanced environment exposure in early life plays a critical role in influencing later susceptibility to chronic inflammatory diseases and metabolic syndrome. The effect of maternal obesity and metabolic disorders, including gestational diabetes cause Large-for-gestational-age (LGA) children to link future development of adverse health issues such as obesity, atherosclerosis, hypertension, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by immune reprogramming to adverse micro-environment. This review also addresses intrauterine environment-driven myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulations and the epigenetic markers as an underlying mechanism. This will facilitate future investigations regarding maternal-to-fetal immune regulation and the epigenetic mechanisms of obesity and cardiovascular diseases.
The association between chronic liver diseases and preeclampsia$$$ Background: Preeclampsia is a multisystem disorder characterized by an abnormal vascular response to placentation associated with increased systemic vascular resistance. As liver involvement is one of the main clinical features of preeclampsia, we sought to determine if there is an association between chronic liver diseases and preeclampsia. Methods: A retrospective matched case–control analysis was conducted in a tertiary medical center. Three hundred eleven (311) pregnant women with preexisting chronic liver disease (study group), including viral and autoimmune hepatitis, non-alcoholic fatty liver, Wilson disease, and cirrhosis, were match for age, parity, and number of fetuses to 933 healthy pregnant women (control group). The primary outcome measure was the incidence of preeclampsia in each group. Secondary outcome measures were obstetrical and neonatal complications. Confounders found to be significant on univariate analysis were evaluated using logistic regression models, and odds ratios (OR) and confidence intervals (CI) were calculated. Results: Preeclampsia was diagnosed in 28 women (9.0%) in the study group and 33 women (3.54%) in the control group (p < 0.001). On multivariate analysis adjusted for maternal age, parity, previous preeclampsia, chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, pregestational diabetes mellitus, antiphospholipid syndrome, and mode of conception, chronic liver disease was found to be an independent risk factor for preeclampsia (aOR 2.631, 95% CI 1.518–4.561). Although there was no difference in the gestational week at delivery between the groups (38.6 ± 2.13 vs. 38.8 ± 2.17 for study and control group, respectively, p = 0.410), the study group had a lower mean neonatal birthweight (3088 ± 551 vs. 3182 ± 566 g, p = 0.011). There were no between-group differences in the other parameters evaluated. Conclusion: In our study, preexisting chronic liver disease was associated with a 2.6-fold increased risk of preeclampsia.
Antenatal FibroScan® assessment for metabolic-associated fatty liver in pregnant women at risk of gestational diabetes from a multiethnic population: a pilot study$$$ Background: Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is a leading cause of chronic liver disease with increasingly recognised associations with gestational diabetes (GDM), including within the antenatal period. Aims: To assess the relationship between MAFLD in pregnancy and development of GDM. Methods: Fifty pregnant women were enrolled before 24 weeks gestation from a multiethnic obstetrics service in Sydney, Australia. Two FibroScan® assessments were performed, one prior to 24 weeks and one after 30 weeks gestation, to assess hepatic steatosis and stiffness. A control attenuated parameter (CAP) score ≥ 233.5 dB/m signified MAFLD. GDM was determined by an antenatal 75-g oral glucose tolerance testing. Results: Six (12%) women had evidence of FibroScan®-detected MAFLD in early pregnancy, while none had abnormal hepatic stiffness. Sixteen (32%) women developed GDM. No significant difference was observed in GDM rates (50% vs 29.5%; P = 0.37) between those with MAFLD in early pregnancy and those without. At the second scan (completed by 34 women), those who developed GDM had a lower observed mean increase in CAP scores (11.1 ± 23.3 dB/m vs −14.9 ± 26.0 dB/m; P = 0.004) and lower maternal weight gain (0.6 ± 0.2 kg/week vs 0.4 ± 0.2 kg/week; P = 0.04). Conclusions: There was no statistically significant association between FibroScan®-detected MAFLD in early pregnancy and subsequent development of GDM in this pilot study. Maternal weight gain may be associated with changes in the CAP scores, which reflect steatosis, during pregnancy.
Combined effect of pancreatic lipid content and gene variants (TCF7L2, WFS1 and 11BHSD1) on B-cell function in Middle Aged Women in a Post Hoc Analysis$$$ Background: TCF7L2 rs7903146 and PNPLA3 rs738409 gene variants confer the strongest risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), respectively. Pancreatic triacylglycerol content (PTGC) was reported to have a role in T2DM development. We aimed to assess the correlation between PTGC and hepatic triacylglycerol content (HTGC) stratified by PNPLA3 rs738409 genotype and subsequently interactions between PTGC and gene variants associated with β-cell dysfunction (TCF7L2, WFS1) and visceral adiposity (11ΒHSD1) on β-cell function were also tested. Methods: PTGC and HTGC were assessed using MR in a post-hoc analysis of a genotype-based (PNPLA3 rs738409) recall study of 39 (lipid- and glucose lowering) drug-naïve women. Oral glucose tolerance test, HbA1c, insulin indices, anthropometric data were evaluated. The effect of minor allele carrying of TCF7L2 (rs7903146); WFS1 (rs1801214) and 11ΒHSD1 (rs4844880) variants in combination with PTGC was studied on surrogate markers of β-cell function. We used Spearman’s rank-order, Mann-Whitney-U tests, and linear regression models. Results: PTGC and HTGC values were correlated after stratification by the rs738409 variant (only in CC genotype group R = 0.67, p = 10− 4). PTGC and HbA1c values correlated in the entire study population (R = 0.58, p = 10− 4). Insulin resistance, sensitivity and disposition indices were correlated with PTGC (HOMA2-IR: R = 0.42, p = 0.008; TyG: R = 0.38, p = 0.018; Matsuda: R= − 0.48, p = 0.002; DIbasal: R=−0.33, p = 0.039; ISSI-2: R=−0.35, p = 0.028). Surrogate markers of β-cell function (HOMA2-B, AUCinsulin/AUCglucose) correlated significantly with PTGC in subjects with the following genotypes rs7903146: CC R = 0.51, p = 0.022; rs18001214: CT + CC R = 0.55, p = 0.013; rs4844880: TA + AA R = 0.56, p = 0.016. The strongest interactions were found between PTGC and TCF7L2 rs7903146 effect on HOMA2-B (p = 0.001) and AUCinsulin/AUCglucose (p = 0.013). Conclusions: The PNPLA3 rs738409 genotype has a major effect on the correlation between PTGC and HTGC. Furthermore we first report the combined effect of PTGC and individual risk gene variants of TCF7L2, WFS1 and 11ΒHSD1 on β-cell dysfunction. The correlation between pancreatic lipid accumulation and HbA1c also indicates an important role for the latter pathology.
Machine learning for data integration in human gut microbiome$$$ Recent studies have demonstrated that gut microbiota plays critical roles in various human diseases. High-throughput technology has been widely applied to characterize the microbial ecosystems, which led to an explosion of different types of molecular profiling data, such as metagenomics, metatranscriptomics and metabolomics. For analysis of such data, machine learning algorithms have shown to be useful for identifying key molecular signatures, discovering potential patient stratifications, and particularly for generating models that can accurately predict phenotypes. In this review, we first discuss how dysbiosis of the intestinal microbiota is linked to human disease development and how potential modulation strategies of the gut microbial ecosystem can be used for disease treatment. In addition, we introduce categories and workflows of different machine learning approaches, and how they can be used to perform integrative analysis of multi-omics data. Finally, we review advances of machine learning in gut microbiome applications and discuss related challenges. Based on this we conclude that machine learning is very well suited for analysis of gut microbiome and that these approaches can be useful for development of gut microbe-targeted therapies, which ultimately can help in achieving personalized and precision medicine.
Assessing subcutaneous, visceral and liver fat using first trimester antenatal ultrasound and creating a predictive model for gestational diabetes$$$ Objective: Gestational Diabetes mellitus (GDM) is diagnosed in the second or third trimester of pregnancy that was not clearly present prior to gestation. It is associated with increased maternal and foetal morbidity including increased risks of preeclampsia, large for gestational age newborns, and cesarean birth. Predicting the risk of GDM early in the first trimester will help in appropriate nutritional and life style changes in the mother. Various prediction models using maternal age, family history of DM, BMI, and material glucose and triglycerides have been studied. Using the first trimester Antenatal Ultrasound (AUS) to get data on liver fat, subcutaneous fat thickness (SFT) and visceral fat thickness (VFT), we attempt to build a predictive model for the subsequent risk of GDM. Methods: After Institutional Ethics committee approval, we conducted a prospective cohort study of all pregnant women who came for Antenatal visit in their first trimester at our institute between Jan 2019 to Oct 2020. A detailed history, anthropometric measurements including BMI, neck circumference, waist: hip ratio were noted. Blood was sent for random blood sugar (RBS) and/or HbA1c. Patients with pre-existing Diabetes, IVF pregnancies and those with liver disease or currently on hepatotoxic drugs were excluded. At 11-13 weeks SFT, VFT and liver fat was estimated using AUS. 75 gm OGTT was done after 24 weeks of gestation and IADPSG criteria were utilized for diagnosis of GDM. The data was divided into two groups based on the development of GDM in the second trimester and analyzed. Risk factors for GDM were tested using univariate analysis. Area under the ROC was constructed to study the accuracy of different variables for predicting GDM. Regression analysis using forward conditional method was used to develop risk prediction model. Goodness of fit of the model was assessed by Homer Lemeshow test. All statistical tests were done using SPSS software v21. Results: A total of 265 singleton pregnancies were included in our study. The prevalence of GDM was found to be 22% (n = 59). Family history of DM (OR 2.3), history of PCOS (OR 3.5) and presence of Fatty Liver (OR 12.5) was associated with development of GDM (p value <0.01). The area under the curve (in parenthesis) for predicting GDM for BMI > 24.5 kg/m2 (0.82), WHR > 0.88 (0.67), Neck circumference > 32.5 cm (0.74), RBS > 110 (0.85), SFT > 2.5 (0.81), VFT > 4.75 (0.93), Fatty liver (0.6). A model including RBS, VFT and Liver fat gave the best prediction of GDM with an accuracy of 94%. Conclusion: First trimester AUS is an economical and effective tool in combination with a random glucose to predict GDM.
Metabolic Dysfunction-Associated Fatty Liver Disease and Subsequent Development of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes$$$ Background & Aims: Recently, metabolic dysfunction–associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), rather than nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), was proposed to better describe liver disease associated with metabolic dysfunction (MD). In this study, we attempted to investigate the impact of MAFLD on pregnancy complications. Methods: The current study is a secondary analysis of a multicenter prospective cohort designed to examine the risk of NAFLD during pregnancy. In the first trimester, enrolled pregnant women were evaluated for hepatic steatosis by liver ultrasonography, and blood samples were collected for biochemical measurements. The study population was divided into 3 groups: no NAFLD, hepatic steatosis but without metabolic dysfunction (non-MD NAFLD), and MAFLD. The primary outcome was the subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and fetal growth abnormalities. Results: The study population consisted of 1744 pregnant women, including 1523 with no NAFLD, 43 with non-MD NAFLD, and 178 with MAFLD. The risk of subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in MAFLD than in non-MD NAFLD (adjusted odds ratio, 4.03; 95% CI, 1.68–9.67), whereas the risk was not significantly different between no NAFLD and non-MD NAFLD. Among women with no NAFLD, the presence of MD increased the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. However, women with MAFLD were at higher risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes than women with no NAFLD without MD or those with no NAFLD with MD. Conclusions: In pregnant women, MAFLD may be associated with an increased risk of subsequent adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Perinatal Outcomes of COVID-19 in Pregnancy in a Tertiary Care Center in South India$$$ Aim: In light of the severe acute respiratory syndrome by a coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) pandemic, it was proposed that a variety of complications have occurred in women during pregnancy, which has further extended to the fetus, causing higher rates of morbidity and mortality. The objective of this study was to identify the complications that arose due to the coronavirus and asses how it impacted the pregnancy, the fetus, and the neonate. Materials and methods: Our study was a descriptive and observational study, which investigated the various aspects, obstetric, fetal and neonatal outcomes, and the complications arising in mothers affected with by SARS-CoV-2 virus. All women who tested positive after 20 weeks of gestation were included in the study and their pregnancy was followed up till delivery, and neonatal outcomes were noted. Results: About 220 women infected with SARS-CoV-2 were studied and outcomes were illustrated. The mean age of the study population was 26.87 years [±4.96 Standard Deviation (SD)]. About 90% of the study population had a mild illness. The main obstetric outcomes noted were preterm labor, preeclampsia, eclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), and intrauterine fetal demise (IUD). Only 4.1% required a cesarean section for worsening conditions. Neonatal intensive care unit (ICU) admissions were also noted to be higher, with a possibility of vertical transmission in six babies. Conclusion: Severe acute respiratory syndrome by a coronavirus-2 can have serious implications and can pose a great risk in pregnancy if not caught and treated early. Therefore, it is vital to screen those at high risk for the virus to prevent severe complications from taking a toll on the mother and fetus. Clinical significance: By identifying the main complications occurring in pregnancy, we can prevent the same by anticipating and monitoring carefully, thereby reducing mortality and morbidity rates.
The Detection of Metabolic Dysfunction-Associated Fatty Liver Disease via Fibroscan® in Early-to-Mid Pregnancy is an Independent Risk Factor for the Development of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus$$$ Aims: To investigate whether the detection of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), formerly known as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), in early-to-mid pregnancy is associated with the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: A prospective longitudinal study was conducted on singleton pregnant women enrolled from a multiethnic obstetrics service in Sydney, Australia. A FibroScan ® was performed between 10-24 weeks to assess for hepatic steatosis in women with at least one risk factor for developing GDM, as per the Australasian Diabetes in Pregnancy Society (ADIPS) Guidelines 2014. A controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) score ≥233.5 dB/m was indicative of MAFLD, with severity graded as mild (Grade S1: CAP 233.5-267 dB/m), moderate (Grade S2: CAP 268-301 dB/ m) and severe (Grade S3: CAP ≥302 dB/m). A liver stiffness measure (LSM) score ≥7. 0 kPa was indicative of hepatic fibrosis. Women were advised to fast for at least 2 hours prior to their FibroScan ® . GDM was determined by the International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) 2010 criteria, with a 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) performed between 24-28 weeks gestation. The cohort were separated by GDM status and categorical variables were compared with Pearson's chi-squared test or Fisher's exact test, and continuous variables with independent t-test or Mann- Whitney U test. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to determine the independent predictors of GDM, reported as odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: Three-hundred and twenty-eight women were eligible for inclusion in our study. Of these, 135 (41.2%) had FibroScan ® -detected MAFLD, where 85 (25.9%) had Grade S1, 39 (11.9%) had Grade S2 and 11 (3.4%) had Grade S3. None of the women had hepatic fibrosis. Over 97% of women were fasting for at least 2 hours prior to their FibroScan ® . GDM was diagnosed in 87 (26.5%) women. A significantly higher rate of GDM were identified in women with MAFLD compared to those without (36.3% vs. 19.7%, p<0. 01). Women with MAFLD were more likely obese, with pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) over 27.5kg/m 2 in Asians and over 30kg/m 2 in Europeans (58.5% vs. 12.4%, p<0. 01), had an earlier diagnosis (prior to 24 weeks gestation) of GDM (8.1% vs. 1.6%, p<0. 01) and administered insulin for treatment of their GDM (12.6% vs. 4.7%, p<0. 01). After adjustment for ethnicity, pre-pregnancy BMI, prior history of GDM and a family history of diabetes, MAFLD remained an independent predictor of GDM development (adjusted OR 2.55, 95% CI 1.43- 4.52, p<0. 01). Conclusions: The detection of MAFLD via FibroScan ® in early-to-mid pregnancy was an independent risk factor for the development of GDM. FibroScan ® is a quick and safe measure to help screen for MAFLD and may further aid in the risk stratification of women at-risk of developing GDM.
Zebrafish in Utero Glucose Exposure Induces Lipid Dysregulation That Is Abrogated by Acetyl CoA Carboxylase or Glycolysis Inhibition$$$ Background and Aim: One in ten pregnancies suffer from Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM). GDM exposes fetus to high uterine glucose that causes fetal hyperglycemia. At birth Fetal hyperglycemia results in hypoglycemia, macrosomia, and larger than normal infants and these infants are predisposed to a number of metabolic disorders such as obesity, Type 2 Diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in adulthood. Although in-utero glucose exposure provides evidence for fetal lipid dysregulation linked to metabolic disorders in adults, the molecular mechanisms are still unclear. Increase in circulating insulin and glucose are implicated in the enhanced activation of hepatic De novo lipogenesis (DNL) in dyslipidemia, hence, we aim to investigate the potential beneficial effect of the pharmacological inhibition of DNL or glycolysis in our well-characterized zebrafish model of fetal hyperglycemia that mimics the metabolic disorders in human GDM against lipid derangement mediated by excess glucose in embryos in a short term and avoid the long-term outcome of obesity. Methods: We developed a zebrafish model of fetal hyperglycemia by exposing embryos to high glucose (4.5% w/v) during the last day of embryogenesis from 96 to 120 hours post-fertilization (hpf). Glucose level was detected in embryo homogenates by glucometer. Insulin expression was visualized by whole-mount in-situ Hybridization. Gene expression of glycolytic (Hexokinase) and lipogenic [Acetyl-CoA Carboxylase (acca)] markers by RT-qPCR and malonyl CoA levels (product of DNL) by ELISA were also assessed. Lipid accumulation was detected by Oil-Red-O staining (ORO) and quantified by spectrophotometry. Pharmacological intervention using metformin or ND646 (known inhibitors of acca) or 2-Deoxyglucose, 2DG (Known inhibitor of Hexokinase) with glucose for 24hours were utilized to attenuate fetal hyperglycemia-mediated lipid accumulation in embryos. Results: Zebrafish embryos exposed to high glucose for 24 hours are transiently hyperglycemic while normoglycemia is restored 24 hours after removal from glucose media. At 120 hpf embryos exposed to high-glucose demonstrated increased insulin, hexokinase, and acca expression compared to untreated controls. We also observed a significant reduction in malonyl CoA levels in ND 646 and metformin cotreated embryos with glucose compared to controls. Interestingly, quantification of ORO staining revealed a significant increase in lipid deposition in glucose treated embryos compared to controls at 120 hpf (0.2±0.01 vrs 0.13±0.005), which was significantly attenuated in embryos co-treated with glucose and 2-DG- (0.15 ±0.003) or metformin- (0.11±0.007) compared to glucosetreated embryos. Similarly, a moderate reduction in ORO staining was observed in embryos that were co-treated with glucose and ND646 (0.17 ± 0.006). Conclusion and significance: Together our results show that embryonic glucose exposure leads to increased lipid accumulation which can be rescued by blocking glycolysis or de novo lipogenesis. Intervening glycolysis and de novo lipogenesis could be a promising therapeutic approach for modulating fetal hyperglycemia-related lipid dysregulations.
Prevalence of elevated alanine aminotransferase (ALT) in pregnancy: A cross-sectional labor and delivery-based assessment$$$ Since liver tests are not routinely checked in pregnancy, the prevalence of abnormal liver tests and liver-related abnormalities in pregnancy in a US-based population is not known. We sought to determine the prevalence of abnormal alanine aminotransferase (ALT) among pregnant Individuals who present to labor and delivery for evaluation and to evaluate prevalence of underlying diagnosed liver conditions. Prospective study evaluating liver tests in consecutive samples obtained on the labor and delivery unit. Patient characteristics were compared between those with and without abnormal ALT and those with and without abnormal ALT without a liver-related diagnosis made in clinical practice, using t tests for continuous measures and χ2 or Fisher's exact tests as appropriate for categorical measures. Logistic regression was utilized to identify factors associated with abnormal ALT in this subcohort to determine predictors of abnormal ALT in those without a known liver-related diagnosis. We collected 1024 laboratory specimens from 996 patients. Of these patients, 131 of 996 (13.2%) had elevated ALT ≥25 IU/L; 20 (2%) had ALT ≥50, 6 (0.6%) had ALT ≥125 and 3 (0.3%) had ALT ≥250. 61/131 (46.6%) of patients with ALT ≥25 IU/L had not had LTs checked during routine pregnancy care. 20 (15%) of individuals with abnormal LT had preeclampsia; 5 (4%) had cholestasis of pregnancy; 1 (0.8%) had hepatitis C; there were no other chronic liver diseases diagnosed. There were no significant demographic or clinical differences between those with and without ALT ≥25, whether liver disease diagnosis was made or not. We identified an over 10% prevalence of abnormal LTs in consecutive pregnant individuals who presented to L&D, most of whom did not have a liver-related condition diagnosed in clinical practice. Among those with liver-related diagnoses, PE and ICP were the most common among individuals with ALT≥25 IU/mL, with chronic liver disease rarely diagnosed. Further evaluation of the role of ALT testing as part of routine prenatal care is needed, particularly in establishing a baseline prevalence of liver test abnormalities in pregnancy and independent association with pregnancy outcomes.
MATERNAL NONALCOHOLIC FATTY LIVER DISEASE AND FETAL HEPATIC STEATOSIS: IS THERE A LINK?$$$ Background: Maternal nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) during pregnancy is understudied and its link to early-onset pediatric hepatic steatosis has not been investigated. Our primary objective was to investigate maternal NAFLD as a risk factor for fetal hepatic steatosis. Methods: This was a prospective cross-sectional study of mother-fetus dyads in the third trimester of pregnancy. This study was IRB-approved and all participants provided written informed consent. Inclusion criteria were age ≥18 years, healthy singleton pregnancy, and ≥28 weeks gestational age (GA). Women were considered high-risk for NAFLD if they had any of: pre-pregnancy obesity (PPO), excessive weight gain during pregnancy, a diagnosis of gestational diabetes (GDM), or a prior diagnosis of NAFLD. If no risk factors, participants were designated as no-risk. Enrolled participants underwent magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) with proton density fat fraction (PDFF) to obtain maternal and fetal hepatic PDFF, placenta PDFF and fetal abdominal wall subcutaneous fat thickness. Fasting labs and 3-day diet recalls were obtained. Generalized linear regression was used to compare fetal hepatic and placenta PDFF separately among the risk groups, based on maternal NAFLD status, controlling for GDM and PPO. Results: Forty participants were included, 34 high-risk and 6 no-risk. In both groups, the majority were non- Hispanic white, and median GA at MRI was 34 weeks (IQR 33, 35). Among high-risk women, NAFLD was seen in 18% (n=6/34) with a median liver PDFF of 11% (IQR 7, 15). PPO and GDM prevalence was not different in high-risk women with or without NAFLD. There was no correlation between maternal and fetal liver PDFF (r= -0.12, p=0.44). The fetuses of women with NAFLD had 60% less fat in their livers compared to those of high-risk women without NAFLD (Fig). In high-risk women without NAFLD versus those with NAFLD, the placenta PDFF (1.7% [IQR 0.8, 2.4] vs 1.7% [IQR 1.1, 1.9]) and fetal abdominal wall subcutaneous fat thickness (3.5 mm [IQR 3.3, 3.9] vs 3.1 mm [IQR 3.0, 3.7]) were not different. Fasting lipid profiles and average daily intake of total energy, fat, omega-3 fatty acids, and added sugars were not different between groups. Linear regression models showed no significant difference in fetal liver and placental PDFF based on maternal NAFLD, GDM or PPO status. Conclusion: Maternal NAFLD is uncommon in high-risk women during pregnancy and may be associated with lower fetal hepatic fat. These findings require further study to understand the underlying mechanisms.
NAFLD SEVERITY BY FIB-4 DOES NOT PREDICT ADVERSE MATERNAL AND FETAL OUTCOMES$$$ Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has been shown to be associated with adverse outcomes during pregnancy. It remains unclear if this association is solely related to NAFLD versus a reflection of the systemic metabolic derangements associated with NAFLD. In addition, FIB-4 is a validated predictive model for non-invasive fibrosis assessment. Our study examines if NAFLD and its severity, based on FIB-4 score, have independent associations with worse maternal and fetal outcomes. Methods: This is a retrospective study of all adult pregnant patients who received care at a North American tertiary center between 2000 and 2021. ICD codes and keywords from radiology reports were used to identify patients with NAFLD prior to pregnancy to compare to controls with no prior history of any liver disease. We initially matched controls to cases in a 2:1 manner by age within 3years of pregnancy. Patients without AST, ALT, and platelet values obtained within the 2years prior to estimated date of conception were then excluded. Baseline FIB-4 score was calculated to determine pre-pregnancy NAFLD severity. The outcomes of interest were gestational age, birthweight, pre-eclampsia, 5-minute APGAR scores, gestational diabetes, and gestational hypertension. Multivariate linear regression and logistic regression were used to study the impact of severity of NAFLD on maternal and fetal outcomes. Results: A total of 290 patients were included with 119 NAFLD cases and 171 controls. Patients with NAFLD had statistically higher rates of underlying comorbidities including diabetes mellitus (NAFLD 27.7% vs control 9.9%, p <0.001), hypertension (23.5% vs.10.5%, p = 0.005), obesity (55.5% vs. 30.4% p <0.001), and metabolic syndrome (16.8% vs 4.7%, p = 0.001). Comparing pregnant women with NAFLD to controls, there were no statistically significant associations within maternal or fetal outcomes on univariate analysis. When the NAFLD group was stratified by severity of underlying fibrosis using prepregnancy FIB-4 score, there was no statistically significant association between higher FIB-4 score and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes in multivariate regression analysis (Table 1). Conclusion: NAFLD and its severity, assessed by FIB4, do not appear to have independent associations with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. These outcomes are independently associated with extra-hepatic components of metabolic syndrome. Multicenter prospective cohort studies are needed to validate our findings.
MATERNAL NONALCOHOLIC FATTY LIVER DISEASE AND FETAL HEPATIC STEATOSIS: IS THERE A LINK?$$$ Background: Maternal NAFLD during pregnancy is understudied and its link to early-onset pediatric hepatic steatosis has not been investigated. Our primary objective was to investigate maternal NAFLD as a risk factor for fetal hepatic steatosis. Methods: This was a prospective cross-sectional study of mother-fetus dyads in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy. This study was IRB-approved and all participants provided written informed consent. Inclusion criteria were age ≥18years, healthy singleton pregnancy, and ≥28weeks gestational age (GA). Women were considered high-risk for NAFLD if they had any of: pre-pregnancy obesity (PPO), excessive weight gain during pregnancy, a diagnosis of gestational diabetes (GDM), or a prior diagnosis of NAFLD. If no risk factors, participants were designated as no-risk. Enrolled participants underwent magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) with proton density fat fraction (PDFF) to obtain maternal and fetal hepatic PDFF, placenta PDFF and fetal abdominal wall subcutaneous fat thickness. Fasting labs and 3-day diet recalls were obtained. Generalized linear regression was used to compare fetal hepatic and placenta PDFF separately among the risk groups, based on maternal NAFLD status, controlling for GDM and PPO. Results: Forty participants were included, 34 high-risk and 6 no-risk. In both groups, the majority were non-Hispanic white, and median GA at MRI was 34weeks (IQR 33, 35). Among high-risk women, NAFLD was seen in 18% (n=6/34) with a median liver PDFF of 11% (IQR 7, 15). PPO and GDM prevalence was not different in high-risk women with or without NAFLD. There was no correlation between maternal and fetal liver PDFF (r= -0.12, p=0.44). The fetuses of women with NAFLD had 60% less fat in their livers compared to those of highrisk women without NAFLD (Fig). In high-risk women without NAFLD versus those with NAFLD, the placenta PDFF (1.7% [IQR 0.8, 2.4] vs 1.7% [IQR 1.1, 1.9]) and fetal abdominal wall subcutaneous fat thickness (3.5mm [IQR 3.3, 3.9] vs 3.1mm [IQR 3.0, 3.7]) were not different. Fasting lipid profiles and average daily intake of total energy, fat, omega-3 fatty acids, and added sugars were not different between groups. Linear regression models showed no significant difference in fetal liver and placental PDFF based on maternal NAFLD, GDM or PPO status. Conclusion: Maternal NAFLD is uncommon in high-risk women during pregnancy and may be associated with lower fetal hepatic fat. These findings require further study to understand the underlying mechanisms.
The prevalence of metabolic dysfunction–associated fatty liver disease and its association on adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Aims: To determine the prevalence of metabolic dysfunction–associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) and its association on adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: 380 women with GDM had a FibroScan® performed between 24 and 32 weeks. A Controlled Attenuation Parameter (CAP) ≥ 233.5 dB/m signified MAFLD. Gestational hypertension, pre–eclampsia and eclampsia contributed to a composite of adverse maternal outcomes. A composite of adverse neonatal outcomes included pre–term birth, hypoglycaemia, small/large–for–gestational age and admission to neonatal high dependency. Multiple logistic regression was used to determine independent associations with MAFLD. Results: 147 (38.7 %) women had MAFLD. Higher pre–pregnancy BMI (median 28.4, IQR 24.7–33.0 kg/m2 vs median 24.0, IQR 21.7–26.5 kg/m2, p < 0.01) and rates of insulin therapy (62.2 % vs 40.7 %, p < 0.01) occurred in MAFLD over non–MAFLD women. MAFLD was independently associated with obesity (aOR 4.73 [95 % CI 2.53–8.86]) and insulin therapy (aOR 1.79 [95 % CI 1.12–2.85]). MAFLD and non–MAFLD women had comparable rates of adverse maternal (7.7 % vs 9.5 %, p = 0.56) and neonatal outcomes (75.4 % vs 68.8 %, p = 0.18). Conclusions: Within this GDM cohort, almost 40% had FibroScan®–detected MAFLD in mid–to–late gestation. MAFLD was not associated with worse pregnancy outcomes.
Effects of risk gene variants of type 2 diabetes and fatty liver disease on plasma amino acid levels inmiddle aged women prone to diabetes$$$ Background and aims: Recently circulating amino acids (AAs) were implicated in the regulation of the liver-alpha cell axis contributing to inappropriate glucagon secretion in type 2 diabetes and metabolic (dysfunction) associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). We studied the plasma levels of AAs and hepatic (HTGC) and pancreatic (PTGC) triacylglycerol contents in a type 2 diabetes prone population stratified by PNPLA3 rs738409 and TCF7L2 rs7903146 genotypes. Materials and methods: Post hoc analysis of a genotype-based recall study on MAFLD (n=39 young-middle aged women, n=21 with history of gestational diabetes [GDM], median BMI=26.2kg/m2, age=37.0 years, targeted enrolment with rs738409 CC and GG genotypes only) was performed. TCF7L2 rs7903146 genotypes were also obtained from the prior GDM - genetic study. Routine laboratory parameters, HbA1c, glucose, insulin and glucagon values and indices of HOMA2-IR and HOMA2-B were assessed during a 75g OGTT. Protein-depleted blood plasma was lyophilized. Amino acids were conjugated with Pacific Blue dye and concentrations were determined by capillary electrophoresis. HTGC and PTGC values were measured using magnetic resonance (MR) based methods. Internationally proposed MAFLD and standard prediabetes/diabetes diagnostic criteria were used. Between-groups differences and correlations were assessed. Results: Inverse correlation was found between plasma alanine and PTGC (R=-0.32, p=0.051). Plasma levels of gluconeogenetic precursor AAs (glutamate p=0.059, and aspartate p= 0.056) and glucagon-alanine index were also increased (p= 0.039) in PNPLA3 risk homozygotes (GG). Among ketogenic AAs a significant correlation was found between phenylalanine plasma levels and HTGC in PNPLA3 risk genotype group (R=0.64, p=0.026). Surprisingly phenylalanine was inversely correlated with PTGC in TCF7L2 risk (T) allele carriers (R=-0.57 p=0.013). In contrast the tyrosine levels were inversely correlated with PTGC in TCF7L2 risk allele non-carriers (CC, R=-0.47, p=0.036). Plasma citrulline levels correlated inversely with fasting seruminsulin levels (R=-0.41, p=0.01) and consistently also with HOMA2-IR (R=-0.41, p=0.009) and HOMA2-B (only in TCF7L2 rs7903146 CC group: R=-0.47, p=0.037). The ornithine/citrulline ratio as a suggested surrogate marker of mitochondrial dysfunction directly correlated with fasting serum insulin (R=0.63, p=0.005), and consistently with HOMA2-IR (R=0.63, p=0.005), and HOMA2-B (R=0.55, p=0.019) in TCF7L2 risk allele carriers. Conclusion: Genetic risk factors for both type 2 diabetes and fatty liver disease significantly contribute to the regulation of certain plasma AA levels and potentially also associated with suggested markers of hepatic glucagon effects and mitochondrial dysfunction early in the course of type 2 diabetes development.
Pregnancy-related liver disease is more common in Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander mothers: Targeting an at-risk and unstudied population$$$ Background and Aim: Pregnancy-related liver disease (PRLD), such as intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), pre-eclampsia and/or HELLP (hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelet count) syndrome, acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP), and hyperemesis gravidarum, affect about 3% of pregnancies worldwide. Prevalence of each condition per pregnancy varies (≤0.1% for AFLP, up to 8% for pre-eclampsia/HELLP) and there is ethnic variation (ICP affects 0.7% of European pregnancies but 4% of pregnancies in Indigenous South Americans). There are no published data on the prevalence of PRLD among Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander mothers, despite recognized disparities in maternal health outcomes compared with the non-Indigenous population. Methods: We aimed to quantify the prevalence and incidence of PRLD among Indigenous women receiving antenatal care at our institution. Data regarding patient demographics, pre-existing liver disease, comorbidities, and pregnancy outcomes were obtained from a dedicated semi-prospectively maintained maternity database. Significant associations were identified using Fisher's exact test (categorical variables) and the Mann-Whitney test (continuous variables). The study was approved by our institutional human research ethics committee. Results: Data from 1302 pregnancies from July 2014 to June 2021 were analyzed. Mean ± SD values were obtained for pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI; 27.2 ± 8.5 kg/m2), maternal age at delivery (26.8 ± 6.1 years), and gestational age at delivery (37.6 ± 3.8 weeks). Smoking was common (43.5% up to 20 weeks, 33.0% after 20 weeks), but high levels of alcohol consumption were rare (1.8%). A total of 185 women (14.2%) were diagnosed with PRLD (7.0% eclampsia/HELLP, 6.6% hyperemesis gravidarum, 1.4% ICP, zero AFLP). The incidence of these conditions remained stable over the 7 years. Pre-existing liver disease was diagnosed in 65 mothers (5.0%), with the majority having hepatitis C. A subsequent diagnosis of PRLD was more common in these patients (24.6% vs 13.7%; P = 0.027). Mothers who developed PRLD had higher pre-pregnancy BMI (28.7 ± 9.4 vs 27.0 ± 8.3 kg/m2; P = 0.017) and were more likely to have diabetes or gestational diabetes (22.7% vs 14.1%; P = 0.004) and hypertension (7.6% vs 1.7%; P = 0.0001). Conclusion: The prevalence of PRLD in Australian Indigenous mothers was several times higher than the published international prevalence, while non-pregnancy-related liver disease was rarely diagnosed. PRLD was associated with higher BMI, diabetes/gestational diabetes, hypertension, and pre-existing liver disease. These are the first data related to PRLD in Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples, and further studies are warranted to improve outcomes in this vulnerable patient population.
Gut microbiota in women with gestational diabetes mellitus has potential impact on metabolism in pregnant mice and their offspring$$$ Studies have shown that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is closely related to abnormalities in the gut microbiota, and the offspring of these women have an increased risk of diabetes. There is no direct evidence of whether bacteria in women with GDM colonize the intestinal tract of offspring and cause hyperglycemia. In this fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT), pregnant mouse model study, two groups of germ-free (GF) mice after FMT showed different colonization patterns of gut microbiota and phenotype. Compared with the control group (healthy-FMT), we found in the GDM-FMT group as a lower relative abundance of Akkermansia and Faecalibacterium; a lower content of short-chain fatty acids and naringenin in feces; an elevated blood glucose; an inflammatory factor expression (TNF-α, CXCL-15, and IL-6), and a hepatic fat deposition. In addition, the influence of the gut microbiota continued in offspring. The gut microbiota of the offspring of GDM-FMT mice was still different from that of the control group as a lower relative abundance of Akkermansia and Parvibacter; and a higher relative abundance of bacteria such as Oscillibacter, Romboutsia, and Harryflintia. In addition, the offspring of GDM-FMT mice had higher body weight and blood glucose levels than the control offspring.
Breastfeeding may benefit cardiometabolic health of children exposed to increased gestational glycemia in utero$$$ Purpose: There is altered breastmilk composition among mothers with gestational diabetes and conflicting evidence on whether breastfeeding is beneficial or detrimental to their offspring’s cardiometabolic health. We aimed to investigate associations between breastfeeding and offspring’s cardiometabolic health across the range of gestational glycemia. Methods: We included 827 naturally conceived, term singletons from a prospective mother–child cohort. We measured gestational (26–28 weeks) fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and 2-h plasma glucose (2 hPG) after an oral glucose tolerance test as continuous variables. Participants were classified into 2 breastfeeding categories (high/intermediate vs. low) according to their breastfeeding duration and exclusivity. Main outcome measures included magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)-measured abdominal fat, intramyocellular lipids (IMCL), and liver fat, quantitative magnetic resonance (QMR)-measured body fat mass, blood pressure, blood lipids, and insulin resistance at 6 years old (all continuous variables). We evaluated if gestational glycemia (FPG and 2 hPG) modified the association of breastfeeding with offspring outcomes after adjusting for confounders using a multiple linear regression model that included a ‘gestational glycemia × breastfeeding’ interaction term. Results: With increasing gestational FPG, high/intermediate (vs. low) breastfeeding was associated with lower levels of IMCL (p-interaction = 0.047), liver fat (p-interaction = 0.033), and triglycerides (p-interaction = 0.007), after adjusting for confounders. Specifically, at 2 standard deviations above the mean gestational FPG level, high/intermediate (vs. low) breastfeeding was linked to lower adjusted mean IMCL [0.39% of water signal (0.29, 0.50) vs. 0.54% of water signal (0.46, 0.62)], liver fat [0.39% by weight (0.20, 0.58) vs. 0.72% by weight (0.59, 0.85)], and triglycerides [0.62 mmol/L (0.51, 0.72) vs. 0.86 mmol/L (0.75, 0.97)]. 2 hPG did not significantly modify the association between breastfeeding and childhood cardiometabolic risk. Conclusion: Our findings suggest breastfeeding may confer protection against adverse fat partitioning and higher triglyceride concentration among children exposed to increased glycemia in utero.
Prenatal Effects of Nicotine on Obesity Risks: A Narrative Review$$$ Nicotine usage by mothers throughout pregnancy has been observed to relate to numerous deleterious effects in children, especially relating to obesity. Children who have prenatally been exposed to nicotine tend to have lower birth weights, with an elevated risk of becoming overweight throughout development and into their adolescent and adult life. There are numerous theories as to how this occurs: catch-up growth theory, thrifty phenotype theory, neurotransmitter or endocrine imbalances theory, and a more recent examination on the genetic factors relating to obesity risk. In addition to the negative effect on bodyweight and BMI, individuals with obesity may also suffer from numerous comorbidities involving metabolic disease. These may include type 1 and 2 diabetes, high cholesterol levels, and liver disease. Predisposition for obesity with nicotine usage may also be associated with genetic risk alleles for obesity, such as the DRD2 A1 variant. This is important for prenatally nicotine-exposed individuals as an opportunity to provide early prevention and intervention of obesity-related risks.
Circular RNAs in diabetes mellitus and its complications$$$ Diabetes mellitus (DM) is an endocrine disorder characterized by a relative or absolute lack of insulin due to the dysfunction or destruction of β-cells. DM is one of the fastest growing challenges to global health in the 21st century and places a tremendous burden on affected individuals and their families and countries. Although insulin and antidiabetic drugs have been used to treat DM, a radical cure for the disease is unavailable. The pathogenesis of DM remains unclear. Emerging roles of circular RNAs (circRNAs) in DM have become a subject of global research. CircRNAs have been verified to participate in the onset and progression of DM, implying their potential roles as novel biomarkers and treatment tools. In the present review, we briefly introduce the characteristics of circRNAs. Next, we focus on specific roles of circRNAs in type 1 diabetes mellitus, type 2 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus and diabetes-associated complications.
Influence of Gender in Diabetes Mellitus and Its Complication$$$ In medicine, there is growing evidence that gender differences are important and lead to variations in the pathophysiology and treatment of many diseases with traits that appear to be particularly relevant in influencing the outcomes of many morbid forms. Today, the inclusion of gender in biomedical research, to improve the scientific quality and scientific relevance of knowledge, of technology is an increasingly present element precisely due to the practical implications that derive from it. Gender differences describe the biological variability between women and men, which is, in turn, related to differences in the information contained in sex chromosomes, the specific gene expression of autosomes linked to sex, the different number and quality of sex hormones, and their different effects on systems and organs, without neglecting the fact that each of the sexes has different target organs on which these hormones act. Additionally, both genders undergo metabolic changes throughout their lives, and this is especially true for women who show more dramatic changes due to their role in reproduction. Gender differences are not only the result of our genetic makeup but are also mixed with socio-cultural habits, behaviors, and lifestyles, differences between women and men, exposure to specific environmental influences, different food and lifestyle styles or stress, or different attitude in compliance with treatments and disease prevention campaigns. Gender differences also affect behavior throughout life, and physical changes can have implications for lifestyle, social roles, and mental health. Therefore, determinism and therapeutic outcome in chronic diseases are influenced by a complex combination of biological and environmental factors, not forgetting that there are many interactions of social and biological factors in women and men. This review will address the role of gender differences in the management of various forms of diabetes and its complications considering the different biological functions of hormones, the difference in body composition, physiological differences in glucose and fat metabolism, also considering the role of the microbiota. intestinal, as well as the description of gestational diabetes linked to possible pathophysiological events typical of reproduction.
Fatty liver indices and their association with glucose metabolism in pregnancy – An observational cohort study$$$ Aims: Non-invasive hepatic steatosis indices can be used to assess the risk for metabolic (dysfunction) associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). This may be helpful to detect metabolic disorders in pregnancy, specifically gestational diabetes (GDM). We aim to examine the association of these indices with parameters of glucose metabolism. Methods: 109 women underwent a metabolic characterization at 16 weeks of gestation and were classified according to the fatty-liver index (FLI) and hepatic-steatosis index (HSI) into low (G1), intermediate (G2) and high risk (G3). At 26 weeks, participants received an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) to assess insulin action, β-cell function and GDM status. Results: Both MAFLD indices were associated with impaired insulin sensitivity and compensatory increase of insulin release. G3 groups showed impaired insulin action. The higher circulating insulin concentrations were not able to compensate for insulin resistance in women with higher MAFLD scores, resulting in an increased risk of GDM (OR: 1.05, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.08, p < 0.001 for FLI). MAFLD scores were associated with fetal overgrowth. Conclusions: Maternal MAFLD represents a high-risk obstetric condition. Hepatic steatosis indices are associated with impaired glucose regulation and may provide a useful tool for early risk assessment for impaired glucose metabolism.
Influence of pregnancy on NAFLD-associated lipidomic signatures$$$ Background and aims: Although NAFLD-associated lipidomic signatures have been defined in the general population, there is limited data on the influence of pregnancy on NAFLD-associated lipidomic changes. In this study, we elucidate the deregulated lipidomic serum landscape of pregnant women with NAFLD. Method: We prospectively screened for NAFLD at 18–22 weeks gestation in pregnant women. Pregnant woman with NAFLD (n = 6) and without NAFLD (n = 7) were matched 1:1 with retrospectively collected cases from non-pregnant woman with and without NAFLD (n = 13) based on age-, BMI- and disease-stage. Lipidomic analysis of serum samples collected under fasting conditions was performed using ultra-high performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry, covering lipid species across classes of glycerolipids, glycerophospholipids (phosphatidylinositol, acyl- and ether-linked phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) and phosphatidylcholine (PC)), sphingolipids (ceramides, monohexosylceramides and sphingomyelins), fatty acids and sterols (cholesteryl esters, steroids and bile acids). Lipidomic profiles in pregnant females with vs. withoutNAFLD and in pregnant females vs. non-pregnant matched female controls were compared. Results: Pregnant women with NAFLD had higher PE, lysoPE and lower ceramides compared to non-pregnantwomenwith NAFLD (see Figure). Pregnant women with NAFLD had lower triglycerides compared to non-NAFLD pregnant women; non-pregnant females with NAFLD had higher triglycerides compared to non-pregnant females without NAFLD. Pregnant women without NAFLD were significantly more likely to have lower saturated (SFA), monounsaturated (MUFA), and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (p < 0.05), but have significantly higher triglyceride levels than non-pregnant women with NAFLD (p < 0.05). Non-NAFLD pregnant women also had lower ceramides and ether linked-lysoPC compared to nonpregnant women. (Figure Presented) Figure: Heatmaps of lipidomic profiles in pregnant women (with and without NAFLD) compared to non-pregnant controls (with and without NAFLD). Conclusion: Our findings suggest that NAFLD associated lipidomic signatures may be significantly impacted by pregnancy. NAFLD in pregnancy appears to be associated with a depletion in serum triglycerides and ceramides. Further workup should evaluate pregnancy-trimester specific changes as well as the role these lipid changes may play on NAFLD-associated adverse pregnancy outcomes such as gestational diabetes or effects on the newborn.
Pregnancy as a unique opportunity to identify NAFLD in women: a prospective assessment$$$ Background and aims: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in U.S. women of reproductive age is rising and recent administrative claims-based data suggest a significant association of NAFLD with adverse pregnancy outcomes. We evaluated the prevalence and associated risk factors of NAFLD at a high-volume obstetrics center. Method: In this prospective study, a liver ultrasound at time of routine pregnancy anatomy scan at 18–22 weeks’ gestation was performed to assess for presence of NAFLD. Obstetric sonographers were trained to obtain liver images thatwere subsequently graded for hepatic steatosis by a radiologist blinded to clinical status. The proportion having elevated hepatic steatosis index (HSI) and meeting recently defined metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) criteria was evaluated. A multivariable logistic regression model assessed independent predictors of NAFLD among pregnant women. Results: Among 749 women approached for participation, satisfactory liver ultrasounds were obtained on 560 (75%) pregnant individuals; median age 28, 58% Hispanic ethnicity, 65% with prepregnancy BMI ≥25, 22% nulliparous. Seventy-eight (14.3%) had steatosis on ultrasound; 83% grade 1, 14% grade 2 and 3% grade 3. Overall, 36% had HSI ≥36; 11% satisfied MAFLD criteria. Only 4 of 560 (0.71%) carried a previous diagnosis of NAFLD.Women with steatosis were more likely to be of Hispanic ethnicity, have diagnoses of chronic hypertension and diabetes and have a pregnancy history of gestational diabetes (p < 0.05; see Table). Women with grade 2/3 steatosis were more likely to have a history of preeclampsia (30% vs 10%, p = 0.05). In multivariable analyses, Hispanic ethnicity (OR 2.57; 95% CI 1.30–5.09) and BMI (OR 1.06; 95% CI 1.01–1.11) were independently associated with NAFLD. Conclusion: In this first time U.S. based prospective study of pregnant women, integration of ultrasound into obstetric care was feasible and effective inidentifyingwomenwithNAFLD.NAFLDprevalencewas 14%, similar to reports in non-pregnant women of reproductive age with Hispanic and elevated pre-pregnancy BMIwomen being at highest risk of NAFLD.Most had no prior diagnosis of NAFLD, highlighting a unique opportunity to identify and link women to specialized care.(Table Presented)
Endotoxin Biomarkers Are Associated With Adiposity and Cardiometabolic Risk Across 6 Years of Follow-up in Youth$$$ Context: Metabolic endotoxemia may be a shared mechanism underlying childhood obesity and early-onset metabolic diseases (eg, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease). Objective: Examine prospective associations of serum endotoxin biomarkers lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and its binding protein, LPS binding protein (LBP), and anti-endotoxin core immunoglobulin G (EndoCab IgG) with adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in youth. Design/setting: This prospective study included 393 youth in the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes Among Children cohort in Colorado. Participants were recruited from 2006 to 2009 at age 10 years (baseline) and followed for 6 years (follow-up). We examined associations of endotoxin biomarkers at baseline with adiposity [body mass index (BMI) z-score, visceral adipose tissue (VAT), subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT), skinfolds, waist circumference] and cardiometabolic risk (insulin, glucose, adipokines, lipid profile, blood pressure) across both visits using mixed-effects regression, and with hepatic fat fraction (HFF) at follow-up using linear regression. Results: Higher LPS and LBP predicted greater adiposity across follow-up. Each 1-unit log-transformed LPS corresponded with 0.23 (95% CI 0.03, 0.43) units BMI z-score, 5.66 (95% CI 1.99, 9.33) mm3 VAT, 30.7 (95% CI 8.0, 53.3) mm3 SAT, and 8.26 (95% CI 4.13, 12.40) mm skinfold sum. EndoCab IgG was associated with VAT only [3.03 (95% CI 0.34, 5.71) mm3]. LPS was associated with higher insulin [1.93 (95% CI 0.08, 3.70) μU/mL] and leptin [2.28 (95% CI 0.66, 3.90) ng/mL] and an adverse lipid profile. No association was observed with HFF. Accounting for pubertal status and lifestyle behaviors did not change findings. However, adjustment for prepregnancy BMI and gestational diabetes attenuated most associations. Conclusions: Serum endotoxin may be a marker of pathophysiological processes underlying development of childhood obesity and cardiometabolic conditions associated with exposure to fetal overnutrition.
Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease and subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes$$$ Objectives: Recently, metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), rather than nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), was proposed to better describe liver disease associated with metabolic dysfunction (MD). In this study, we attempted to investigate the impact of MAFLD on pregnancy complications. Materials and Methods: The current study is a secondary analysis of a multicenter prospective cohort designed to examine the risk of NAFLD during pregnancy. In the first trimester, enrolled pregnant women were evaluated for hepatic steatosis by liver ultrasonography, and blood samples were collected for biochemical measurements. The study population was divided into three groups: no NAFLD, hepatic steatosis but without metabolic dysfunction (non-MD NAFLD), and MAFLD. The primary outcome was the subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and fetal growth abnormalities. Results: The study population consisted of 1,744 pregnant women, including 1,523 with no NAFLD, 43 with non-MD NAFLD, and 178 with MAFLD. The risk of subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in MAFLD than in non-MD NAFLD (adjusted odds ratio, 4.03; 95% CI, 1.68-9.67), whereas the risk was not significantly different between no NAFLD and non-MD NAFLD. 3) Among women with no NAFLD, the presence of MD increased the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. However, women with MAFLD were at higher risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes than women with no NAFLD without MD or those with no NAFLD with MD. Conclusion: In pregnant women, MAFLD may be associated with an increased risk of subsequent adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Automated Machine Learning (AutoML)-Derived Preconception Predictive Risk Model to Guide Early Intervention for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus$$$ The increasing prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is contributing to the rising global burden of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and intergenerational cycle of chronic metabolic dis-orders. Primary lifestyle interventions to manage GDM, including second trimester dietary and exercise guidance, have met with limited success due to late implementation, poor adherence and generic guidelines. In this study, we aimed to build a preconception-based GDM predictor to enable early intervention. We also assessed the associations of top predictors with GDM and adverse birth outcomes. Our evolutionary algorithm-based automated machine learning (AutoML) model was implemented with data from 222 Asian multi-ethnic women in a preconception cohort study, Singapore Preconception Study of Long-Term Maternal and Child Outcomes (S-PRESTO). A stacked ensemble model with a gradient boosting classifier and linear support vector machine classifier (stochastic gradient descent training) was derived using genetic programming, achieving an excel-lent AUC of 0.93 based on four features (glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), mean arterial blood pressure, fasting insulin, triglycerides/HDL ratio). The results of multivariate logistic regression model showed that each 1 mmol/mol increase in preconception HbA1c was positively associated with increased risks of GDM (p = 0.001, odds ratio (95% CI) 1.34 (1.13–1.60)) and preterm birth (p = 0.011, odds ratio 1.63 (1.12–2.38)). Optimal control of preconception HbA1c may aid in preventing GDM and reducing the incidence of preterm birth. Our trained predictor has been deployed as a web application that can be easily employed in GDM intervention programs, prior to conception.
A Five-Year Review of Obstetric Admission to Intensive Care Unit at Hatyai Hospital$$$ Objective: To ascertain the prevalence, characteristics, and outcomes of obstetric patients admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU) at Hatyai Hospital. Materials and Methods: A retrospective medical chart review of all pregnant women and postpartum patients at less than 42 days admitted to the ICU between October 2014 and September 2019 was done. Results: There were 32,613 deliveries in Hatyai Hospital during the five-year study period, with 137 obstetric patients admitted to the ICU. The prevalence of obstetric ICU admissions was 0.42%. The main reasons leading to ICU admission were postpartum hemorrhage at 56.93%, followed by pregnancy-induced hypertension at 14.60%. Mechanical ventilation, at 86.13%, was the most common intervention in ICU admissions, with a five-year mortality rate of 3.64%. Conclusion: The prevalence of obstetric ICU admissions was 0.42%. Postpartum hemorrhage and pregnancy-related hypertension with complications were the two common obstetric indications for ICU admissions. The maternal mortality rate was low. A multidisciplinary team approach is mandatory in the care of obstetrical emergencies.
Genetic Obesity in Children: Overview of Possible Diagnoses with a Focus on SH2B1 Deletion$$$ Introduction: Genetic obesity is rare and quite challenging for pediatricians in terms of early identification. Src-homology-2 (SH2) B adapter protein 1 (SH2B1) is an important component in the leptin-melanocortin pathway and is found to play an important role in leptin and insulin signaling and therefore in the pathogenesis of obesity and diabetes. Microdeletions in chromosome 16p11.2, encompassing the SH2B1 gene, are known to be associated with obesity, insulin resistance, hyperphagia, and developmental delay. The aim of our study is to report on a case series of young individuals with 16p11.2 microdeletions, including the SH2B1 gene, and provide detailed information on body mass index (BMI) development and obesity-associated comorbidities. In this way, we want to raise awareness of this syndromic form of obesity as a differential diagnosis of genetic obesity. Methods: We describe the phenotype of 7 children (3 male; age range: 2.8-18.0 years) with 16p11.2 microdeletions, encompassing the SH2B1 gene, and present their BMI trajectories from birth onward. Screening for obesity-associated comorbidities was performed at the time of genetic diagnosis. Results: All children presented with severe, early-onset obesity already at the age of 5 years combined with variable developmental delay. Five patients presented with elevated fasting insulin levels, 1 patient developed diabetes mellitus type 2, 4 patients had dyslipidemia, and 4 developed nonalcoholic fatty-liver disease. Discussion/Conclusion: Chromosomal microdeletions in 16p11.2, including the SH2B1 gene, in children are associated with severe, early-onset obesity and comorbidities associated with insulin resistance. Early genetic testing in suspicious patients and early screening for comorbidities are recommended.
Genome-Wide Placental Gene Methylations in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Fetal Growth and Metabolic Health Biomarkers in Cord Blood$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) “program” an elevated risk of metabolic syndrome in the offspring. Epigenetic alterations are a suspected mechanism. GDM has been associated with placental DNA methylation changes in some epigenome-wide association studies. It remains unclear which genes or pathways are affected, and whether any placental differential gene methylations are correlated to fetal growth or circulating metabolic health biomarkers. In an epigenome-wide association study using the Infinium MethylationEPIC Beadchip, we sought to identify genome-wide placental differentially methylated genes and enriched pathways in GDM, and to assess the correlations with fetal growth and metabolic health biomarkers in cord blood. The study samples were 30 pairs of term placentas in GDM vs. euglycemic pregnancies (controls) matched by infant sex and gestational age at delivery in the Shanghai Birth Cohort. Cord blood metabolic health biomarkers included insulin, C-peptide, proinsulin, IGF-I, IGF-II, leptin and adiponectin. Adjusting for maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI, parity, mode of delivery and placental cell type heterogeneity, 256 differentially methylated positions (DMPs,130 hypermethylated and 126 hypomethylated) were detected between GDM and control groups accounting for multiple tests with false discovery rate <0.05 and beta-value difference >0.05. WSCD2 was identified as a differentially methylated gene in both site- and region-level analyses. We validated 7 hypermethylated (CYP1A2, GFRA1, HDAC4, LIMS2, NAV3, PAX6, UPK1B) and 10 hypomethylated (DPP10, CPLX1, CSMD2, GPR133, NRXN1, PCSK9, PENK, PRDM16, PTPRN2, TNXB) genes reported in previous epigenome-wide association studies. We did not find any enriched pathway accounting for multiple tests. DMPs in 11 genes (CYP2D7P1, PCDHB15, ERG, SIRPB1, DKK2, RAPGEF5, CACNA2D4, PCSK9, TSNARE1, CADM2, KCNAB2) were correlated with birth weight (z score) accounting for multiple tests. There were no significant correlations between placental gene methylations and cord blood biomarkers. In conclusions, GDM was associated with DNA methylation changes in a number of placental genes, but these placental gene methylations were uncorrelated to the observed metabolic health biomarkers (fetal growth factors, leptin and adiponectin) in cord blood. We validated 17 differentially methylated placental genes in GDM, and identified 11 differentially methylated genes relevant to fetal growth.
Familial Partial Lipodystrophy—Literature Review and Report of a Novel Variant in PPARG Expanding the Spectrum of Disease-Causing Alterations in FPLD3$$$ Familial partial lipodystrophy (FPLD) is a rare genetic disorder characterized by the selective loss of adipose tissue. Its estimated prevalence is as low as 1 in 1 million. The deficiency of metabolically active adipose tissue is closely linked with a wide range of metabolic complications, such as insulin resistance, lipoatrophic diabetes, dyslipidemia with severe hypertriglyceridemia, hypertension or hepatic steatosis. Moreover, female patients often develop hyperandrogenism, hirsutism, polycystic ovaries and infertility. The two most common types are FPLD type 2 and 3. Variants within LMNA and PPARG genes account for more than 50% of all reported FPLD cases. Because of its high heterogeneity and rarity, lipodystrophy can be easily unrecognized or misdiagnosed. To determine the genetic background of FPLD in a symptomatic woman and her close family, an NGS custom panel was used to sequence LMNA and PPARG genes. The affected patient presented fat deposits in the face, neck and trunk, with fat loss combined with muscular hypertrophy in the lower extremities and hirsutism, all features first manifesting at puberty. Her clinical presentation included metabolic disturbances, including hypercholesterolemia with severe hypertriglyceridemia, diabetes mellitus and hepatic steatosis. This together with her typical fat distribution and physical features raised a suspicion of FPLD. NGS analysis revealed the presence of missense heterozygous variant c.443G>A in exon 4 of PPARG gene, causing glycine to glutamic acid substitution at amino acid position 148, p.(Gly148Glu). The variant was also found in the patient’s mother and son. The variant was not previously reported in any public database. Based on computational analysis, crucial variant localization within DNA-binding domain of PPARγ, available literature data and the variant cosegregation in the patient’s family, novel c.443G>A variant was suspected to be causative. Functional testing is needed to confirm the pathogenicity of the novel variant. Inherited lipodystrophy syndromes represent a heterogenous group of metabolic disorders, whose background often remains unclear. A better understating of the genetic basis would allow earlier diagnosis and targeted treatment implementation.
Early life programming of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in children$$$ Background: Research is beginning to implicate early life characteristics in the development of pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, however the relationship with perinatal characteristics is poorly understood. Aims: We evaluated the association between perinatal characteristics and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in childhood. Study design: Nested case-control study. Subjects: 5104 children born in Quebec, Canada between 2006 and 2019. Exposures included maternal diabetes, obesity, prematurity, and other birth complications. Outcome measures: The outcome was nonalcoholic fatty liver disease diagnosed in hospital before 14 years of age. We calculated adjusted odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the association between birth characteristics and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Results: A total of 104 children with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease were included. Gestational diabetes (OR 2.17, 95% CI 1.15–4.10), preexisting diabetes (OR 5.75, 95% CI 2.67–12.4), and maternal obesity (OR 3.06, 95% CI 1.71–5.45) were associated with childhood nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Prematurity (OR 1.93, 95% CI 1.06–3.54) and neonatal intensive care unit admission (OR 2.18, 95% CI 1.10–4.33) were also associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. However, there was no association with low birthweight, small-for-gestational age birth, and macrosomia. Conclusions: Maternal metabolic disorders and prematurity may initiate processes early in life that lead to the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in childhood.
Heart health in polycystic ovary syndrome: time to act on the data$$$ Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), first described over 80 years ago, is a chronic condition with gynecologic, metabolic, and psychologic manifestations. Both hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance are associated with the high prevalence of cardiometabolic risk factors described in this population. Although robust data in reproductive-age women demonstrate a high rate of obesity, impaired glucose tolerance, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and metabolic syndrome, studies show mixed results in the adolescent and menopausal age groups. There is emerging evidence to support an association between PCOS and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and obstructive sleep apnea, conditions known to influence cardiovascular disease (CVD) outcomes. Studies from different world regions show an increased risk of subclinical atherosclerosis, measured by a variety of modalities, especially in reproductive-age women. Similarly, there is increasing evidence for a higher prevalence of CVD events, such as stroke, myocardial infarction, and ischemic heart disease. Over the past decade, a number of medical society guidelines have recommended screening women with PCOS for cardiometabolic risk factors for the primary prevention of CVD. This series of Views and Reviews highlights the urgency to implement these guidelines and invest in identifying newer therapies for comprehensively managing the symptoms of PCOS while lowering long-term cardiometabolic risk.
OUTCOMES IN INFANTS BORN TO MOTHERS WITH AND WITHOUT NON-ALCOHOLIC FATTY LIVER DISEASE$$$ Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common liver disease in the United States, affecting 10-15% of pregnant women. Emerging data suggest that infants born to mothers with NAFLD have higher risk of adverse neonatal outcomes, such as preterm birth and large size for gestational age. However, data on long-term outcomes are limited. We evaluated infants born to mothers with (and without) NAFLD in pregnancy throughout the first year of life. Methods: Subjects were identified through an ongoing prospective study of pregnant women with and without NAFLD. Electronic health records for neonatal, six month, and one year outcomes were reviewed. If pediatric care continued outside the health system, phone consent was obtained from mothers to collect data. The primary outcome was growth in the first year of life, defined as weight and weight percentiles at birth, six months, and one year. Secondary outcomes included APGAR score, NICU admission, neonatal complications, and achievement of developmental milestones at six months and one year. Outcomes in infants of mothers with NAFLD were compared to infants of mothers without NAFLD. Results: We identified 536 infants born to mothers who were assessed for NAFLD on liver ultrasound. We obtained neonatal data for 486 infants (73 [15%] maternal NAFLD), six month data for 202 infants (32 [16%] maternal NAFLD), and one year data for 155 infants (25 [16%] maternal NAFLD). Maternal NAFLD was positively associated with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI > 25 (p<0.001), increased BMI at delivery (p<0.001), pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus (p<0.001), and gestational diabetes mellitus (p=0.024). Maternal NAFLD was not associated with a significant difference in gestational age at delivery (271 vs 273 days, p=0.143), birth weight (3.15 vs 3.18 kg, p= 0.192) or weight-for-gestational-age percentile (50 vs 42, p=0.133). Maternal NAFLD was also not associated with a difference in weight or weight-for-length percentile at six months (7.79 vs 8.05 kg, p=0.576; 39.4 vs 36.85 %, p=0.503) or one year (9.66 vs 10.4 kg, p= 0.340; 47.6 vs 54.8 %, p=0.424). Maternal NAFLD was associated with a lower rate of developmental delays (p=0.027), particularly motor delays (p=0.024), at six months, but not at one year. Conclusions: Though we identified important metabolic differences in mothers with and without NAFLD, the presence of maternal NAFLD did not adversely affect gestational age at delivery, birth weight, or infant growth during the first year of life. Further research is needed to determine whether maternal NAFLD affects offspring obesity and development later in childhood, as well as to investigate if subgroup analyses of the NAFLD cohort (i.e. those with higher BMIs or advanced liver disease) are associated with adverse neonatal/pediatric outcomes.
PREVALENCE OF NAFLD-ASSOCIATED GENE VARIANTS AMONG WOMEN WITH PREECLAMPSIA AND GESTATIONAL DIABETES DURING PREGNANCY$$$ Background: Emerging data suggests that NAFLD is independently associated with adverse outcomes of pregnancy (AOPs), including gestational diabetes (GDM) and preeclampsia (PE). However, the prevalence of NAFLD-associated gene variants in patients with AOPs has not been evaluated. Methods: The BioMe Biobank, which contains exome sequence data linked with electronic health record (EHR) data from over 30,000 patients, was used to retrospectively identify women with NAFLD, GDM and PE based on ICD9/ICD10 codes. Cases were validated by chart review. The minor allele frequency (MAF) of four NAFLDassociated gene variants, including TM6SF2 rs58542926, HSD17B13 rs72613567, PNPLA3 I148M rs738409 and MBOAT7 rs641738, was determined for each diagnosis group of interest and for disease-free women. Further analysis of the gene variants in women with the diagnoses of interest and ALT ≥25 or ALT ≥50 was performed. Contingency tables assessed the prevalence of carriers and non-carriers of variants of interest. Differences between groups were identified using chi (X)-squared analysis. Results: Among 18,745 women included in BioMe, 628 (3.35%) patients with NAFLD, 238 (1.27%) patients with GDM, 153 (0.82%) patients with PE, and 17,759 disease-free females were identified. MAFs for the variants of interest are shown in Table 1. Women with NAFLD exhibited the highest MAFs for TM6FS2, PNPLA3 and MBOAT7 variants compared to all other groups. The PE group showed the lowest MAF for the HSD17B13 variant. The GDM group had an elevated MAF for the PNPLA3 variant compared to non-NAFLD subgroups and the highest MAF for the HSD17B13 variant. Relative prevalence of carriers of variants of interest in diagnosis groups of interest are presented in Table 2. Although the PNPLA3 variant was present at significantly higher frequency in females with NAFLD compared to those without NAFLD (p-value <0.001), the prevalence of the TM6FS2, MBOAT7 and HS17B13 variants was not significantly different among women with NAFLD compared to those without NAFLD. There were no statistically significant differences in NAFLD-associated variants in PE and GDM compared to disease-free women. Conclusions: Although we identified numeric differences in MAFs for the HSD17B13 variant in women with PE, and for PNPLA3 and HSD17B13 variants in women with GDM, we did not detect statistically significant differences in NAFLDassociated gene frequencies, suggesting either lack of association or insufficient sample sizes. The elevated MAFs for TM6FS2, PNPLA3, and MBOAT7 variants in the NAFLD group, as well as the statistically significant difference in PNPLA3 carrier frequency in women with NAFLD, confirms previously validated findings. Larger studies may be needed to further investigate carrier frequency of NAFLD-associated genes and differences in the prevalence of variants among women with AOPs. (Table Presented)
Maternal weight and gestational diabetes impacts on child health$$$ Purpose of reviewTo review recent evidence linking maternal body mass index and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with offspring health outcomes.Recent findingsIt is now established that the rising prevalences of maternal obesity and GDM are both making substantial contributions to the growing burden of childhood obesity and associated disorders. Strengthening evidence also links maternal obesity with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, lower respiratory tract infections during infancy, wheezing illnesses, asthma and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder during childhood, and with higher risks of psychiatric disorders and colorectal cancer in adulthood. GDM has been associated with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, childhood wheeze/asthma (but not allergic sensitization), and with high refractive error, attention deficit hyperactivity and psychiatric disorders from childhood onwards.SummaryThe long-term consequences of maternal obesity and GDM for the offspring in childhood and later adult life present major challenges for public health across the life course and for future generations. Tackling these challenges requires a systems-based approach to support achieving a healthy weight in young people prior to conception, alongside new insights into population based preventive measures against gestational diabetes.
Association of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus with overweight/obesity and fatty liver risk in offspring$$$ BACKGROUND Childhood obesity and fatty liver are associated with adverse outcomes such as diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. It is very important to identify relevant risk factors and intervene as early as possible. At present, the relationship between maternal and offspring metabolic factors is conflicting. AIM To estimate the association of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with overweight/obesity and fatty liver risk in offspring at 8 years of age. METHODS The prospective study included mothers who all had a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test at 24-28 wk of gestation and whose offspring completed follow-up at 8 years of age. Offspring birth weight, sex, height, weight, and body mass index (BMI) were measured and calculated. FibroScan-502 examination with an M probe (Echosens, Paris, France) was prospectively conducted in offspring aged 8 years from the Shanghai Prenatal Cohort Study. RESULTS A total of 430 mother-child pairs were included in the analysis. A total of 62 (14.2%) mothers were classified as obese, and 48 (11.1%) were classified as having GDM. The mean age of the offspring at follow-up was 8 years old. Thirty-seven (8.6%) offspring were overweight, 14 (3.3%) had obesity, and 60 (14.0%) had fatty liver. The prevalence of overweight, obesity and fatty liver in offspring increased significantly across maternal BMI quartiles (all P < 0.05). Among offspring of mothers with GDM, 12 (25.0%) were overweight, 4 (8.3%) were obese, and 12 (25.0%) had fatty liver vs. 25 (6.5%), 10 (2.6%) and 48 (12.6%), respectively, for offspring of mothers without GDM (all P < 0.05). In multiple logistic regression, after adjustment for variables, the OR for fatty liver in offspring was 8.26 (95%CI: 2.38-28.75) for maternal obesity and GDM. CONCLUSION This study showed that maternal obesity can increase the odds of overweight/obesity and fatty liver in offspring, and GDM status also increases the odds of overweight/obesity in offspring. Weight management and glycemic control before and during pregnancy need to be highlighted in primary prevention of pediatric obesity and fatty liver.
The epidemiology, clinical, biochemical, immunological and radiological features of youth onset type 2 diabetes mellitus in the state of Qatar$$$ Objectives: To describe the epidemiology, clinical, biochemical, immunological and radiological aspects of youth with type 2 diabetes. Methods: Patients under 18 year of age with type 2 diabetes were recruited from 2018 to 2020, clinical data collected, autoantibodies (GAD65, IAA, IA2 and ZnT8), insulin, ALT and c-peptide were measured. Hepatic ultrasound was performed for assessment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Results: 104 patients were identified. The incidence in 2020 and prevalence per 100,000 was 2.51 and 23.7, respectively. The age of onset was between 8.5 and 18 years with 74% of the patients being of Qatari nationality. Males were more affected than females (1.5/1). Overweight/obesity was present in 98% of all the patients, a positive family history (either both parents or a single parent) in 71% and maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in 60% of patients. More than 90% of the patients had acanthosis nigricans. 5 patients had 1 autoantibody positivity and hepatic ultrasound detected evidence of NAFLD in majority of patients. Conclusion: Obesity, maternal GDM and family history of diabetes were the key risk factors for the development of type 2 diabetes. Autoantibody positivity may be present in youth type 2 diabetes. As youth type 2 diabetes is associated with early onset microvascular and macrovascular complications, these findings have important social and health budget implications for Qatar. Tackling the burden of maternal GDM and childhood obesity and building programmes for early detection and intervention, are therefore, essential to reduce the risk of future complications.
Adiponectin deficiency induces hepatic steatosis during pregnancy and gestational diabetes in mice$$$ Aims/hypothesis: Obesity and hepatic steatosis are risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a common complication of pregnancy. Adiponectin is a fat-derived hormone that improves hepatic steatosis and insulin sensitivity. Low levels of circulating adiponectin are associated with GDM development. We hypothesised that adiponectin deficiency causes fatty liver during pregnancy, contributing to the development of GDM. Methods: To determine the role of adiponectin in fatty liver development during pregnancy, we compared pregnant (third week of pregnancy) adiponectin knockout (KO) mice (strain B6;129-Adipoqtm1Chan/J) with wild-type mice and assessed several variables of hepatic lipid metabolism and glucose homeostasis. The impact of adiponectin supplementation was measured by administering adenovirus-mediated full-length adiponectin at the end of the second week of pregnancy and comparing with green fluorescent protein control. Results: In the third week of pregnancy, fasted pregnant adiponectin KO mice were hyperglycaemic on a low-fat diet (9.2 mmol/l vs 7.7 mmol/l in controls, p<0.05) and were glucose and pyruvate intolerant relative to wild-type mice. Pregnant adiponectin KO mice developed hepatic steatosis and a threefold elevation in hepatic triacylglycerols (p<0.05) relative to wild-type mice. Gestational weight gain and food consumption were similar in KO and wild-type mice. Adenoviral-mediated adiponectin supplementation to pregnant adiponectin KO mice improved glucose tolerance, prevented fasting hyperglycaemia and attenuated fatty liver development. Conclusions/interpretation: Adiponectin deficiency increased hepatic lipid accumulation during the period of pregnancy associated with increased fat utilisation. Consequently, adiponectin deficiency contributed to glucose intolerance, dysregulated gluconeogenesis and hyperglycaemia, all of which are characteristic of GDM. Increasing adiponectin in the last week of pregnancy alleviated hepatic steatosis and restored normal glucose homeostasis during pregnancy. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]
Maternal and Perinatal Risk Factors for Pediatric Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Systematic Review$$$ Background & Aims: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become the most common pediatric liver disease. The intrauterine and early life environment can have an important impact on long-term metabolic health. We investigated the impact of maternal prepregnancy obesity, (pre)gestational diabetes, breastfeeding, and birth anthropometrics/preterm birth on the development of NAFLD in children and adolescents. Methods: A comprehensive search was performed in MEDLINE, PubMed Central, EMBASE, and grey literature databases through August 2020. The primary outcome was the prevalence of pediatric NAFLD, whereas the histologic severity of steatohepatitis and/or fibrosis were secondary outcomes. Study selection, data extraction, and quality assessment were performed by 2 independent reviewers. Results: Our systematic review included 33 articles. Study heterogeneity regarding patient populations, diagnostic tools, and overall quality was considerable. Eight studies determined the impact of maternal prepregnancy overweight/obesity and identified this as a possible modifiable risk factor for pediatric NAFLD. Conversely, 8 studies investigated (pre)gestational diabetes, yet the evidence on its impact is conflicting. Breastfeeding was associated with a reduced risk for NAFLD, steatohepatitis, and fibrosis, especially in studies that evaluated longer periods of breastfeeding. Being born preterm or small for gestational age has an unclear impact on the development of NAFLD, although an early catch-up growth might drive NAFLD. Conclusions: In a systematic review, we found that maternal prepregnancy overweight and obesity were associated with an increased risk of pediatric NAFLD. Breastfeeding might be protective against the development of NAFLD when the duration of breastfeeding is sufficiently long (≥6 months).
The Epidemiology and Mechanisms of Lifetime Cardiopulmonary Morbidities Associated With Pre-Pregnancy Obesity and Excessive Gestational Weight Gain$$$ Obesity has reached pandemic proportions in the last few decades. The global increase in obesity has contributed to an increase in the number of pregnant women with pre-pregnancy obesity or with excessive gestational weight gain. Obesity during pregnancy is associated with higher incidence of maternal co-morbidities such as gestational diabetes and hypertension. Both obesity during pregnancy and its associated complications are not only associated with immediate adverse outcomes for the mother and their newborns during the perinatal period but, more importantly, are linked with long-term morbidities in the offsprings. Neonates born to women with obesity are at higher risk for cardiac complications including cardiac malformations, and non-structural cardiac issues such as changes in the microvasculature, e.g., elevated systolic blood pressure, and overt systemic hypertension. Pulmonary diseases associated with maternal obesity include respiratory distress syndrome, asthma during childhood and adolescence, and adulthood diseases, such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Sequelae of short-term complications compound long-term outcomes such as long-term obesity, hypertension later in life, and metabolic complications including insulin resistance and dyslipidemia. Multiple mechanisms have been proposed to explain these adverse outcomes and are related to the emerging knowledge of pathophysiology of obesity in adults. The best investigated ones include the role of obesity-mediated metabolic alterations and systemic inflammation. There is emerging evidence linking metabolic and immune derangements to altered biome, and alteration in epigenetics as one of the intermediary mechanisms underlying the adverse outcomes. These are initiated as part of fetal adaptation to obesity during pregnancy which are compounded by rapid weight gain during infancy and early childhood, a known complication of obesity during pregnancy. This newer evidence points toward the role of specific nutrients and changes in biome that may potentially modify the adverse outcomes observed in the offsprings of women with obesity.
Recent Advances in Understanding Nrf2 Agonism and Its Potential Clinical Application to Metabolic and Inflammatory Diseases$$$ Oxidative stress is a major component of cell damage and cell fat, and as such, it occupies a central position in the pathogenesis of metabolic disease. Nuclear factor-erythroid-derived 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2), a key transcription factor that coordinates expression of genes encoding antioxidant and detoxifying enzymes, is regulated primarily by Kelch-like ECH-associated protein 1 (Keap1). However, involvement of the Keap1–Nrf2 pathway in tissue and organism homeostasis goes far beyond protection from cellular stress. In this review, we focus on evidence for Nrf2 pathway dysfunction during development of several metabolic/inflammatory disorders, including diabetes and diabetic complications, obesity, inflammatory bowel disease, and autoimmune diseases. We also review the beneficial role of current molecular Nrf2 agonists and summarize their use in ongoing clinical trials. We conclude that Nrf2 is a promising target for regulation of numerous diseases associated with oxidative stress and inflammation. However, more studies are needed to explore the role of Nrf2 in the pathogenesis of metabolic/inflammatory diseases and to review safety implications before therapeutic use in clinical practice.
Low Vitamin D Level was Associated with Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus$$$ Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are major public health concerns. Besides the known risk factors, other risk factors, such as vitamin D deficiency, have been suggested for NAFLD. Objectives: This cross-sectional research aimed to investigate the relationship between serum vitamin D levels and NAFLD in a group of patients with T2DM. Methods: We investigated various clinical and biochemical parameters, including serum vitamin D level, liver function tests, and liver sonography in 1,110 adult patients with T2DM. The mean difference of numerical variables in NAFLD and non-NAFLD groups was analyzed with an independent sample t-test. Chi-square test was used to evaluate the association between two categorical variables. Results: Out of 1,110 patients with T2DM, 837 (75.4%) had NAFLD. The mean vitamin D level in diabetic patients with NAFLD was significantly lower than non-NAFLD group (19.71 ng/mL vs. 27.68 ng/mL, respectively; P < 0.001). Furthermore, 410 (49%) patients with NAFLD were found with vitamin D deficiency, while this value was 85 (31.1%) in non-NAFLD group. According to the results of univariate logistic regression analysis, vitamin D deficiency (OR = 3.87) and insufficient vitamin D (OR = 2.83) were the significant variables for NAFLD. Conclusions: There was a significant association between vitamin D deficiency and NAFLD in patients with T2DM.
Beneficial Effects of Probiotics in Some of the Important Human Disorders: A narrative review$$$ Probiotics were first proposed by Metchnikoff as contributing factors to health. These living microorganisms, which mainly belong to the microflora bacteria of the gastrointestinal tract, can have beneficial effects on human health if consumed in moderation. The most studied probiotics are lactic acid bacteria, which include Lactobacillus and Bifidobacteria. The present study is an overview of some studies conducted on the effects of using probiotics and their possible patterns in the prevention or reduction of certain human diseases and disorders. The available data suggest that probiotics can play a role in improving constipation and liver enzymes level and functions, and have significant effects on rooting and improving the symptoms of Helicobacter pylori. It was concluded that probiotics have positive effects in metabolic syndrome treatment, preventing gestational diabetes, and improving oral health. Since many probiotics are microorganisms familiar to the gastrointestinal tract, if consumed in moderation, there are no side effects for the host. Using them as complementary therapies for some diseases related to the gastrointestinal tract microflora bacteria can be an effective and low-cost approach to alleviating the annoying symptoms of such diseases.
The Association Between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Systematic Literature Review$$$ Abstract Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is glucose intolerance first identified during pregnancy. During this period, there is increased physiological stress in the mother due to higher metabolic demands, which can cause insulin resistance and hyperglycemia. Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a prevalent disease associated with metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance. Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between GDM and NAFLD. Methods: A systematic literature review was conducted following the PRISMA guidelines. Papers were selected searching PubMed/Medline, SciELO and LILACS databases in October 2021 using the terms [Gestational Diabetes] AND [NAFLD]. The inclusion criterion was limited to observational studies that evaluated the association between GDM and NAFLD. There were no language or publication date restrictions. Results: Among the 57 studies initially identified, 6 were included in this systematic review. Type 2 diabetes mellitus, insulin resistance, and obesity are well-established risk factors shared by GDM and NAFLD. The studies have shown that patients with NAFLD are at higher risk of developing GDM. The increased risk is associated with the severity of steatosis and steatohepatitis. NAFLD can be associated with relevant obstetric morbidity, especially among non-obese women. NAFLD should be considered a high-risk obstetric scenario, demanding proper management and pre-pregnancy counseling. Conclusions: NAFLD is positively associated with GDM. Patients with NAFLD are at higher risk of developing GDM and can have relevant maternal morbidity. Keywords: Keywords: Gestational diabetes, Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Abbreviations: Abbreviations: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD); Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis (PRISMA). Funding and Conflicts of Interest This study has not funding and no conflicts of interest.
The Origins of NAFLD: The Potential Implication of Intrauterine Life and Early Postnatal Period$$$ Fetal life and the first few months after birth represent a plastic age, defined as a “window of opportunity”, as the organism is particularly susceptible to environmental pressures and has to adapt to environmental conditions. Several perturbations in pregnancy, such as excessive weight gain, obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus and an inadequate or high-fat diet, have been associated with long-term metabolic consequences in offspring, even without affecting birth weight. Moreover, great interest has also been focused on the relationship between the gut microbiome of early infants and health status in later life. Consistently, in various epidemiological studies, a condition of dysbiosis has been associated with an increased inflammatory response and metabolic alterations in the host, with important consequences on the intestinal and systemic health of the unborn child. This review aims to summarize the current knowledge on the origins of NAFLD, with particular attention to the potential implications of intrauterine life and the early postnatal period. Due to the well-known association between gut microbiota and the risk of NAFLD, a specific focus will be devoted to factors affecting early microbiota formation/composition.
Fibroblast Growth Factor 19 in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Fetal Growth$$$ Fibroblast growth factor 19 (FGF19) has been implicated in glucose homeostasis. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) enhances fetal insulin secretion and fetal growth. Girls weigh less and are more insulin resistant than boys at birth. We sought to assess whether FGF19 is associated with GDM and fetal growth and explore potential sex dimorphic associations. This was a nested case-control study in the Shanghai Birth Cohort, including 153 pairs of newborns of GDM versus euglycemic mothers matched by infant’s sex and gestational age at birth. Cord plasma FGF19, insulin, C-peptide, proinsulin, IGF-I and IGF-II concentrations were measured. Cord plasma FGF19 concentrations were similar in GDM versus euglycemic pregnancies (mean ± SD: 43.5 ± 28.2 versus 44.5 ± 30.2 pg/mL, P=0.38). FGF19 was not correlated with IGF-I or IGF-II. FGF19 concentrations were positively correlated with birth weight (r=0.23, P=0.01) and length (r=0.21, P=0.02) z scores, C-peptide (r=0.27, P=0.002) and proinsulin (r=0.27, P=0.002) concentrations in females. Each SD increment in cord plasma FGF19 was associated with a 0.25 (0.07-0.43) increase in birth weight z score in females. In contrast, FGF19 was not correlated with birth weight or length in males. These sex dimorphic associations remained after adjusting for maternal and neonatal characteristics. The study is the first to demonstrate that GDM does not matter for cord blood FGF19 concentrations. The female specific positive correlation between FGF19 and birth weight is suggestive of a sex-dimorphic role of FGF19 in fetal growth. The observations call for more studies to validate the novel findings and elucidate the underlying mechanisms.
Identification of potential lncRNAs and co-expressed mRNAs in gestational diabetes mellitus by RNA sequencing$$$ Aim: Gestational diabetes mellitus is common during pregnancy, impacting maternal health and fetal development. The aim of this study was to identify potential long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) and mRNAs in gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods: The placenta tissues from four women patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and three healthy pregnant women were used for RNA sequencing. Differentially expressed lncRNAs and mRNAs were obtained. Then, interaction networks of lncRNA-nearby targeted mRNA and lncRNA-co-expressed mRNA were constructed, followed by functional annotation of co-expressed mRNAs. Third, GSE51546 dataset was utilized to validate the expression of selected co-expressed mRNAs. In addition, in vitro experiment was applied to expression validation of lncRNAs and mRNAs. Finally, GSE70493 dataset was utilized for diagnostic analysis of selected co-expressed mRNAs. Results: A total of 78 differentially expressed lncRNAs and 647 differentially expressed mRNAs in gestational diabetes mellitus were obtained. Several interaction pairs of lncRNA-co-expressed mRNA including LINC01504-CASP8, FUT8-AS1-TLR5/GDF15, GATA2-AS1-PQLC3/KIAA2026, and EGFR-AS1-HLA-G were identified. Endocytosis (involved HLA-G) and toll-like receptor signaling pathway (involved TLR5 and CASP8) were remarkably enriched signaling pathways of co-expressed mRNAs. It is noted that CASP8, TLR5, and PQLC3 had a significant prognosis value for gestational diabetes mellitus. Conclusions: Our study identified several differentially expressed lncRNAs and mRNAs, and their interactions, especially co-expression, may be associated with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Can alanine aminotransferase measured in early pregnancy predict macrosomia?$$$ Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a part of the metabolic syndrome and is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. The aim of this study was to determine whether unexplained elevated ALT in early pregnancy has any effect in the prediction of large for gestational age (LGA) infants. In this study, the relationship between birth weights of LGA babies and babies with normal weight for gestational age (AGA) and ALT values measured in early pregnancy was evaluated. While a positive, moderately strong, statistically significant correlation was found between infant birth weight and ALT levels in LGA babies this correlation was continued when GDM was not detected and ALT levels were below 36 U/L. Foetal macrosomia, which can develop in advanced gestational weeks, can be predicted with this cheap, easy and simple method that can be checked in the first trimester and pregnancy follow-up can be shaped accordingly.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? It is suggested that asymptomatic high ALT values measured in the first trimester can predict a macrosomic foetus. What do the results of this study add? Asymptomatic elevated ALT values measured in the first trimester can predict a macrosomic foetus. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Macrosomic foetus development can be predicted with abnormal results obtained with this simple, cheap and easy measurement method measured in the first trimester and pregnancy follow-up can be managed accordingly.
Metabolic Syndrome: Updates on Pathophysiology and Management in 2021$$$ Metabolic syndrome (MetS) forms a cluster of metabolic dysregulations including insulin resistance, atherogenic dyslipidemia, central obesity, and hypertension. The pathogenesis of MetS encompasses multiple genetic and acquired entities that fall under the umbrella of insulin resistance and chronic low-grade inflammation. If left untreated, MetS is significantly associated with an increased risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Given that CVDs constitute by far the leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide, it has become essential to investigate the role played by MetS in this context to reduce the heavy burden of the disease. As such, and while MetS relatively constitutes a novel clinical entity, the extent of research about the disease has been exponentially growing in the past few decades. However, many aspects of this clinical entity are still not completely understood, and many questions remain unanswered to date. In this review, we provide a historical background and highlight the epidemiology of MetS. We also discuss the current and latest knowledge about the histopathology and pathophysiology of the disease. Finally, we summarize the most recent updates about the management and the prevention of this clinical syndrome.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and the association with pregnancy outcomes$$$ Background/Aims: Maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant patients with Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) have been largely unexplored. To determine the level of evidence associated with maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant women with NAFLD. Methods: We conducted a comprehensive literature search. The studies included pregnant patients with a previous, current or subsequent diagnosis of NAFLD. We used a random-effects model using odds ratios (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: Twenty-two studies, with 13,641 female NAFLD patients were reviewed. The results highlight that NAFLD patients had a statistically significant increased likelihood of baseline diabetes mellitus (OR, 6.00; 95% CI, 2.21–16.31; P<0.001; n=7), baseline Hypertension (OR, 3.75; 95% CI, 2.13–6.59; P<0.001; n=4), gestational hypertension (OR, 1.83; 95% CI, 1.03–3.26; P=0.041; n=2), and pre-eclampsia (OR, 2.43; 95% CI, 1.46–4.04; P=0.001; n=3). The odds for a past and current history of gestational diabetes mellitus were OR, 3.78; 95% CI, 2.21–6.44; P<0.001; n=5 and OR, 3.23; 95% CI, 1.97– 5.31; P<0.001; n=6, respectively. As for fetal outcomes, pregnant NAFLD patients were significantly more likely to have a premature birth (OR, 2.02; 95% CI, 1.44–2.85; P<0.001; n=4), large for gestational age birth (OR, 2.01; 95% CI, 1.72–2.37; P<0.001; n=2) or a history of prior miscarriage or abortion (OR, 1.15; 95% CI, 1.02–1.30; P=0.02; n=2). Egger’s regression revealed no evidence of publication bias (P>0.05). Conclusions: This meta-analysis provides pooled evidence that NAFLD is associated with a substantial increase in maternal diabetic and hypertensive complications and multiple adverse fetal outcomes. This data is important for clinicians managing these patients before, during and after pregnancy.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and early prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus using machine learning methods$$$ Background/Aims: To develop an early prediction model for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using machine learning and to evaluate whether the inclusion of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD)-associated variables increases the performance of model. Methods: This prospective cohort study evaluated pregnant women for NAFLD using ultrasound at 10–14 weeks and screened them for GDM at 24–28 weeks of gestation. The clinical variables before 14 weeks were used to develop prediction models for GDM (setting 1, conventional risk factors; setting 2, addition of new risk factors in recent guidelines; setting 3, addition of routine clinical variables; setting 4, addition of NALFD-associated variables, including the presence of NAFLD and laboratory results; and setting 5, top 11 variables identified from a stepwise variable selection method). The predictive models were constructed using machine learning methods, including logistic regression, random forest, support vector machine, and deep neural networks. Results: Among 1,443 women, 86 (6.0%) were diagnosed with GDM. The highest performing prediction model among settings 1–4 was setting 4, which included both clinical and NAFLD-associated variables (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve [AUC] 0.563–0.697 in settings 1–3 vs. 0.740–0.781 in setting 4). Setting 5, with top 11 variables (which included NAFLD and hepatic steatosis index), showed similar predictive power to setting 4 (AUC 0.719– 0.819 in setting 5, P=not significant between settings 4 and 5). Conclusions: We developed an early prediction model for GDM using machine learning. The inclusion of NAFLD-associated variables significantly improved the performance of GDM prediction. (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02276144) (Clin Mol Hepatol 2022;28:105-116).
Is chronic liver disease a risk factor for preeclampsia?$$$ Objective: Preeclampsia is a multisystem disorder of unknown cause that is unique to human gestation, and is known to be characterized by abnormal vascular response to placentation, associated with increased systemic vascular resistance. Liver involvement as one of the main clinical severe features of preeclampsia, led us to examine a possible association between chronic liver diseases and preeclampsia. Study Design: A retrospective analysis of 311 women with preexisting chronic liver disease (study group), including viral and autoimmune hepatitis, non-alcoholic fatty liver, Wilson's disease, and cirrhosis, compared to 933 healthy women (control group) matched by age, parity, and number of fetuses. Primary outcome was defined as the incidence of preeclampsia in each group. Secondary outcomes were obstetrical and neonatal complications. Results: Twenty-eight (9%) women in the study group and thirty-three (3.54%) women in the control group were diagnosed with preeclampsia (Odds ratio [OR] 2.69, 95% Confidence interval [CI] 1.603-4.544). Using a multivariate analysis adjusted for maternal age, parity, previous preeclampsia, chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, pregestational diabetes mellitus, antiphospholipid syndrome, and mode of conception, we found that chronic liver disease was an independent risk factor for preeclampsia (adjusted OR 2.631, 95% CI 1.518-4.561). Women in the study group had a higher incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (18.01% vs. 9.11%, p< 0.001), and a lower mean newborn weight (3088±551.80 grams vs. 3182.41±grams, p=0.011) as well. All other parameters did not defer between the groups. Conclusion: In our cohort, preexisting chronic liver disease was associated with a 2.6-fold increased risk for preeclampsia.
Pathogenic Novel Heterozygous Variant c.1076c>T p. (Ser359Phe) chr1: 120512166 in NOTCH2 Gene, Type 2 Alagille Syndrome Causing Neonatal Cholestasis: A Case Report$$$ Objective: Background: Case Report: Conclusions: Unusual clinical course Alagille syndrome (ALGS) is a multisystem hereditary illness with a dominant pattern and partial penetrance. Multiple organ abnormalities can be caused by mutations in the Jagged canonical Notch ligand 1 (JAG1) gene. Notch receptor 2 (NOTCH2) gene mutations are also uncommon. ALGS is also characterized by deformed or narrowed bile ducts and is notoriously difficult to diagnose due to the wide range of symptoms and absence of unambiguous genotype-phenotype connections. Little is known about ALGS patients who have NOTCH2 mutations. We present a patient who developed progressive liver failure due to a unique pathogenic heterozygous variation of the NOTCH2 gene, c.1076c>T p. (Ser359Phe) chr1: 120512166, resulting in type 2 ALGS. A Saudi Arabian newborn with bilateral hazy eyes, ectropion, dry ichthyic skin, normal male genitalia, and bilateral undescended testes was born at 31 weeks. Previous miscarriages, pregnancy-induced maternal cholestasis, fatty liver, or neonatal jaundice were not reported in the family history. He had developed worsening cholestatic jaundice by the third week of hospitalization. The extensive work-up for metabolic, infectious, and other relevant etiologies was negative. Following gram-negative sepsis, he died of multiorgan failure. A NOTCH2 gene mutation explained the phenotypic difference in our situation. Another intriguing observation was the presence of ichthysis and craniosynostosis in ALGS with a NOTCH2 mutation. Cholestasis in newborns can be difficult to diagnose. Next-generation sequencing detects 112 copy number variants in the cholestasis gene panel blood test. More research is needed to understand why NOTCH2 mutations are relatively rare in ALGS.
Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease as a Predictor for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Primigravida Women – A Prospective Cohort Study$$$ Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is strongly associated with type-2 diabetes mellitus. NAFLD in pregnant women may predispose them to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Aims: We studied the prevalence of NAFLD and its association with GDM in southern Indian pregnant women. We also assessed the relationship of serum adiponectin level and Homeostatic Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) value with NAFLD in pregnancy. Methods: Consecutive primigravida women in the first trimester attending our obstetric clinic between August 2019 and March 2021 were screened for NAFLD using liver ultrasound. Those with pre-existing diabetes, chronic liver disease, multiple pregnancy, or a history of alcohol consumption were excluded. Two groups with (group 1) and without (group 2) evidence of NAFLD had serum adiponectin and HOMA-IR estimation in the first trimester, and glucose-tolerance-test for GDM at 24-28 weeks of gestation. The association between NAFLD in pregnancy and the development of GDM was assessed by multiple logistic regression. Results: Of the 504 women screened, 23.1% (n=116; mild 83, moderate 33, none severe) had NAFLD. During their follow up, 24.5% in group 1(24 out of 98) and 13.2% in group 2 (25 out of 190), developed GDM (odds ratio=2.14; P=0.015). The risk increased with the severity of NAFLD (mild:13/72, moderate:11/26; P=0.018). Women with NAFLD had higher HOMA-IR than those without NAFLD, but the two groups had similar serum adiponectin levels. On multivariable logistic regression, moderate NAFLD was an independent risk factor for GDM, after adjusting for age, family history of DM, BMI and mean blood pressure (adjusted odds ratio=3.08; P=0.023). Conclusion: NAFLD is common during the first trimester of pregnancy, and its occurrence, particularly in higher grades, is an independent risk factor for the development of GDM.
Gut microbiota in gastrointestinal diseases during pregnancy$$$ Gut microbiota (GM) is a micro-ecosystem composed of all microorganisms in the human intestine. The interaction between GM and the host plays an important role in maintaining normal physiological functions in the host. Dysbiosis of the GM may cause various diseases. GM has been demonstrated to be associated with human health and disease, and changes during individual development and disease. Pregnancy is a complicated physiological process. Hormones, the immune system, metabolism, and GM undergo drastic changes during pregnancy. Gastrointestinal diseases during pregnancy, such as hepatitis, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, and pre-eclampsia, can affect both maternal and fetal health. The dysregulation of GM during pregnancy may lead to a variety of diseases, including gastrointestinal diseases. Herein, we review recent research articles on GM in pregnancy-related gastrointestinal diseases, discuss the interaction of the GM with the host under normal physiological conditions, gastrointestinal diseases, and pregnancy-specific disorders. As more attention is paid to reproductive health, the pathogenic mechanism of GM in gastrointestinal diseases during pregnancy will be further studied to provide a theoretical basis for the use of probiotics to treat these diseases.
Comorbid Psoriasis and Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Implications and Optimal Management$$$ Purpose: To review the literature on guidance on the follow-up of psoriasis and its comorbidities and to provide practical recommendations. Patients and Methods: A PubMed search was conducted using MeSH terms and free text keywords related to “psoriasis”, “obesity”, “hypertension”, “diabetes”, “dyslipidemia”, “metabolic syndrome” and “Psoriatic arthritis”. The search was conducted between September 2021 and January 2022. References of selected articles were scanned to identify additional articles. Results: Recommendations on the follow-up of hypertension, obesity, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, psoriatic arthritis, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and inflammatory bowel disease in psoriasis patients were extracted from the included articles. These data are presented in summary tables for both adults and children. A practical and feasible approach for each comorbidity is discussed. Conclusion: Awareness among dermatologists for relevant psoriasis-associated comorbidities is crucial. The dermatologist should function as gatekeeper and screen for comorbidities, in order to make timely referrals when indicated.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and the risk of insulin-requiring gestational diabetes$$$ Background: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is one of the most common chronic liver diseases; however, there has been little research into its impact on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: This study included 308,095 women registered in the Korean National Health Insurance Service database, who delivered between 2011 and 2015 and received a health examination within 52 weeks before pregnancy. Insulin-requiring GDM was defined as no insurance claims for diabetes mellitus and a fasting blood glucose level of < 126 mg/dL before pregnancy, and initiation of insulin treatment during pregnancy. A fatty liver index (FLI) was calculated using body mass index, waist circumference, and blood triglyceride and γ-glutamyl transferase levels. FLI scores < 30 ruled out hepatic steatosis, while FLI scores ≥ 60 indicated NAFLD. Results: The prevalence of NAFLD was 0.8% (2355/308,095) and 1984 (0.6%) subjects developed insulin-requiring GDM. FLIs of 30–59 and ≥ 60 were significantly associated with increased risk of insulin-requiring GDM (odds ratio [OR] 3.50; 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.99–4.10; OR 4.19; 95% CI 3.37–5.23), respectively. Further exploration of the association of FLI with GDM across FLI decile categories revealed a steady increase in OR across the categories. The association was more prominent among those without metabolic syndrome. Conclusion: NAFLD in women is an independent risk factor for insulin-requiring GDM.
A case of monogenic diabetes mellitus caused by a novel heterozygous RFX6 nonsense mutation in a 14-year-old girl$$$ Objectives: Monogenic diabetes mellitus (DM) is a single gene disorder, primarily characterized by impairment in the development or function of pancreatic beta cells. Case presentation: A 14-year-old girl was initially diagnosed with type 2 DM. The patient did not have any anti-islet autoantibody and showed acanthosis nigricans. She was managed with long-acting insulin and oral hypoglycemic agent, but HbA1c was still 9.3% after 1 year of management. Her mother already had type 2 DM at 46-year-old and was on medication. Under the possibility of familial monogenic DM, targeted exome sequencing was performed which included 29 genes associated with monogenic DM. Nonsense mutation of the gene RFX6 (c.2661T>A, p.Tyr887∗) was found. After adding Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist, HbA1c improved from 8.8 to 6.8% and body mass index (BMI) also improved from 31.0 to 29.2 kg/m2. Conclusions: It may be worth investigating genetic etiology in early-onset autoantibody-negative DM for specific genetic diagnosis and better management.
Influence of Inflammation on Cytochromes P450 Activity in Adults: A Systematic Review of the Literature$$$ Background: Available in-vitro and animal studies indicate that inflammation impacts cytochromes P450 (CYP) activity via multiple and complex transcriptional and post-transcriptional mechanisms, depending on the specific CYP isoforms and the nature of inflammation mediators. It is essential to review the current published data on the impact of inflammation on CYP activities in adults to support drug individualization based on comorbidities and diseases in clinical practice. Methods: This systematic review was conducted in PubMed through 7th January 2021 looking for articles that investigated the consequences of inflammation on CYP activities in adults. Information on the source of inflammation, victim drugs (and CYPs involved), effect of disease-drug interaction, number of subjects, and study design were extracted. Results: The search strategy identified 218 studies and case reports that met our inclusion criteria. These articles were divided into fourteen different sources of inflammation (such as infection, autoimmune diseases, cancer, therapies with immunomodulator…). The impact of inflammation on CYP activities appeared to be isoform-specific and dependent on the nature and severity of the underlying disease causing the inflammation. Some of these drug-disease interactions had a significant influence on drug pharmacokinetic parameters and on clinical management. For example, clozapine levels doubled with signs of toxicity during infections and the concentration ratio between clopidogrel’s active metabolite and clopidogrel is 48-fold lower in critically ill patients. Infection and CYP3A were the most cited perpetrator of inflammation and the most studied CYP, respectively. Moreover, some data suggest that resolution of inflammation results in a return to baseline CYP activities. Conclusion: Convincing evidence shows that inflammation is a major factor to be taken into account in drug development and in clinical practice to avoid any efficacy or safety issues because inflammation modulates CYP activities and thus drug pharmacokinetics. The impact is different depending on the CYP isoform and the inflammatory disease considered. Moreover, resolution of inflammation appears to result in a normalization of CYP activity. However, some results are still equivocal and further investigations are thus needed.
Maternal obesity increases the risk and severity of NAFLD in offspring$$$ Background & Aims: Maternal obesity has been linked to the development of cardiovascular disease and diabetes in offspring, but its relationship to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is unclear. Methods: Through the nationwide ESPRESSO cohort study we identified all individuals ≤25 years of age in Sweden with biopsy-verified NAFLD diagnosed between 1992 and 2016 (n = 165). These were matched by age, sex, and calendar year with up to 5 controls (n = 717). Through linkage with the nationwide Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR) we retrieved data on maternal early-pregnancy BMI, and possible confounders, in order to calculate adjusted odds ratios (aORs) for NAFLD in offspring. Results: Maternal BMI was associated with NAFLD in offspring: underweight (aOR 0.84; 95% CI 0.14-5.15), normal weight (reference, aOR 1), overweight (aOR 1.51; 0.95-2.40), and obese (aOR 3.26; 1.72-6.19) women. Severe NAFLD (biopsy-proven fibrosis or cirrhosis) was also more common in offspring of overweight (aOR 1.94; 95% CI 0.96-3.90) and obese (aOR 3.67; 95% CI 1.61-8.38) mothers. Associations were similar after adjusting for maternal pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. Socio-economic parameters (smoking, mother born outside the Nordic countries and less than 10 years of basic education) were also associated with NAFLD in offspring but did not materially alter the effect size of maternal BMI in a multivariable model. Conclusions: This nationwide study found a strong association between maternal overweight/obesity and future NAFLD in offspring. Adjusting for socio-economic and metabolic parameters in the mother did not affect this finding, suggesting that maternal obesity is an independent risk factor for NAFLD in offspring. Lay summary: In a study of all young persons in Sweden with a liver biopsy consistent with fatty liver, the authors found that compared to matched controls, the risk of fatty liver was much higher in those with obese mothers. This was independent of available confounders and suggests that the high prevalence of obesity in younger persons might lead to a higher risk of fatty liver in their offspring.
Aberrant dna methylation mediates the transgenerational risk of metabolic and chronic disease due to maternal obesity and overnutrition$$$ Maternal obesity is a rapidly evolving universal epidemic leading to acute and long-term medical and obstetric health issues, including increased maternal risks of gestational diabetes, hypertension and pre-eclampsia, and the future risks for offspring’s predisposition to metabolic diseases. Epigenetic modification, in particular DNA methylation, represents a mechanism whereby environmental effects impact on the phenotypic expression of human disease. Maternal obesity or overnutrition contributes to the alterations in DNA methylation during early life which, through fetal programming, can predispose the offspring to many metabolic and chronic diseases, such as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, diabetes, and chronic kidney disease. This review aims to summarize findings from human and animal studies, which support the role of maternal obesity in fetal programing and the potential benefit of altering DNA methylation to limit maternal obesity related disease in the offspring.
Long non-coding RNAs in metabolic disorders: pathogenetic relevance and potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets$$$ Background: It has been suggested that dysregulation of long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) could be associated with the incidence and development of metabolic disorders. Aim: Accordingly, this narrative review described the molecular mechanisms of lncRNAs in the development of metabolic diseases including insulin resistance, diabetes, obesity, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), cirrhosis, and coronary artery diseases (CAD). Furthermore, we investigated the up-to-date findings on the association of deregulated lncRNAs in the metabolic disorders, and potential use of lncRNAs as biomarkers and therapeutic targets. Conclusion: LncRNAs/miRNA/regulatory proteins axis plays a crucial role in progression of metabolic disorders and may be used in development of therapeutic and diagnostic approaches.
Maternal Early-Pregnancy Glucose Concentrations and Liver Fat Among School-Age Children$$$ Background and Aims: Gestational diabetes seems to be associated with offspring NAFLD. We hypothesized that maternal glucose concentrations across the full range may have persistent effects on offspring liver fat accumulation. Approach and Results: In a multiethnic, population-based, prospective cohort study among 2,168 women and their offspring, maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were measured at a median of 13.1 weeks’ gestation (95% CI, 9.6-17.2). Liver fat fraction was measured at 10 years by MRI. NAFLD was defined as liver fat fraction ≥5.0%. We performed analyses among all mothers with different ethnic backgrounds and those of European ancestry only. The multiethnic group had a median maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentration of 4.3 mmol/L (interquartile range, 3.9-4.9) and a 2.8% (n = 60) prevalence of NAFLD. The models adjusted for child age and sex only showed that in the multiethnic group, higher maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were associated with higher liver fat accumulation and higher odds of NAFLD, but these associations attenuated into nonsignificance after adjustment for potential confounders. Among mothers of European ancestry only, maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were associated with increased odds of NAFLD (OR, 1.95; 95% CI, 1.32; 2.88, after adjustment for confounders) per 1-mmol/L increase in maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentration. These associations were not explained by maternal prepregnancy and childhood body mass index, visceral fat, and metabolic markers. Conclusions: In this study, maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were only among mothers of European ancestry associated with offspring NAFLD. The associations of higher maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations with offspring NAFLD may differ between ethnic groups.
Csog mfm committee guideline: Clinical management guidelines for acute fatty liver of pregnancy in china (2021)$$$ Acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP) is a rare but critical obstetric-specific disease with a high fatality rate, posing a serious threat to the safety of mothers and infants. These guidelines were specially formulated to standardize AFLP clinical pathways and to improve maternal and infant outcomes. Based on a two-round questionnaire survey, the guideline development team identified the following nine clinical issues that clinicians were most concerned about, and developed recommendations for each of them: Prenatal outpatient screening for AFLP, diagnosis, preoperative risk assessment, delivery modes and timing, anesthesia methods, perinatal complications, selecting AFLP patients for artificial liver treatment, prognostic assessment, and monitoring during treatment. The guidelines cover the key issues related to AFLP diagnosis and treatment that concern clinicians.
Association between gestational cannabis exposure and maternal, perinatal, placental, and childhood outcomes$$$ Globally, the availability and formulations for the administration of cannabis are changing with decriminalization or legalization of recreational use in some jurisdictions, and the prescription of cannabis also occurring. These changes are likely to affect the prevalence of use, including by women of childbearing age. The effects of in utero and infant alcohol and tobacco exposure are well-documented, but the outcomes of cannabis exposure are less certain. The content of delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the psychoactive component of cannabis has progressively increased over several decades. This review explores the limited knowledge surrounding the epidemiology of gestational and postnatal cannabis exposure and implications for the mother-placenta-fetus/neonate triad. We examine cannabis' effects from antenatal and lactation exposure on (a) pregnancy and perinatal outcomes, (b) placental health, and (c) longer term cardiometabolic and neurodevelopmental risks and outcomes. Though definitive outcomes are lacking, gestational cannabis has been associated with increased risk of other substance use during pregnancy; impaired placental blood flow; increased risk of small for gestational age births; and associated complications. Childhood and adolescent outcomes are sparsely assessed, with suggested outcomes including increased risk of depression and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. Cardiometabolic implications of gestational cannabis use may include maternal fatty liver, obesity, insulin resistance, and increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), with potential consequences for the fetus. Clinical implications for pediatric practice were explored in a bid to understand any potential risk or impact on child health and development.
Trend research of vitamin D receptor: Bibliometric analysis$$$ Studies on vitamin D receptor (VDR) and its association with multiple disorders are expanding. This bibliometric study aims to find and summarize VDR-related publications, and compare them across various countries, organizations, and journals to demonstrate trends in VDR research. VOSviewer and Excel 2019 were used to classify and summarize Web of Science articles from 1900 to mid-2021. Total records of 8762 articles were analyzed, and maps of co-citations bibliometric keywords co-occurrence were designed. In conclusion, relative research interest and published papers related to VDR were growing in the past 30 years. The United States of America dominates the research regarding VDR. The highest quality of VDR research was achieved by the University of California System, University of Wisconsin System, and Harvard University. J Steroid Biochem Mol Biol, PLoS One, and J Biol Chem are the leading three productive journals on VDR. Various aspects of vitamin D deficiency associated disorders and genetic studies regarding VDR, including single nucleotide polymorphism, gene variants, epigenome, long non-coding ribonucleic acid (lncRNA), and small nucleolar RNA host gene 6 are potentially the recent research hotspot in this field. Moreover, coronavirus disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, gut microbiota, gestational diabetes, systemic sclerosis, and chemoresistance are the trending medical conditions associated with VDR.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld) in pregnancy$$$ Background: Maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant patients with NAFLD has been largely unexplored. To determine the level of evidence associated with both maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant women with NAFLD. Methods: We conducted a comprehensive literature search. The studies included pregnant patients with a previous, current or subsequent diagnosis of NAFLD. A MeSH term search was conducted using topic search of NAFLD, Pregnancy, maternal and fetal outcomes as well as using a keyword search via Medline, Embase and Cochrane Library. We used a randomeffects model using odds ratios (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: Fourteen studies, with 12377 female NAFLD patients were reviewed. The results highlight that NAFLD patients had a statistically significant increased likelihood of pre-pregnancy Diabetes Mellitus (OR= 8.87, 95% CI: 3.98-19.78; P<0.001, n=4, I2=83.42%), baseline Hypertension (OR: 4.76, 95% CI: 2.97-7.62; p<0.001, n=3, I2=36.73%), Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (OR=3.06, 95% CI:1.74-5.39, P<0.001, n=5, I2=83.50%), Gestational Hypertension (OR=1.83, 95% CI:1.03-3.26, P=0.041, n=2, I2=43.81%), and Pre-eclampsia (OR=2.43, 95% CI:1.46-4.04; P=0.001, n=3, I2=0.00%). The analysis of the literature also revealed that pregnant NAFLD patients were significantly more likely to have a premature birth (OR=1.87, 95% CI: 1.50-2.33; P<0.001, n=4, I2=21.03%), large for gestational age (LGA) birth (OR=2.06, 95% CI: 1.83-2.31; P<0.001, n=1) or a history of prior miscarriage or abortion (OR: 1.15, 95% CI: 1.02-1.30, P=0.02, n=2, I2=0.00%). Egger's regression revealed no evidence of publication bias (p>0.05). Conclusion: This meta-analysis provides pooled evidence that NAFLD is associated with a substantial increase in maternal diabetic and hypertensive complications and that mothers with NAFLD are more likely to have premature births, a LGA birth and a history of prior miscarriage or abortion compared to normal controls. This data is important for clinicians managing these patients before, during and after pregnancy.
Circadian Clock-Controlled Checkpoints in the Pathogenesis of Complex Disease$$$ The circadian clock coordinates physiology, metabolism, and behavior with the 24-h cycles of environmental light. Fundamental mechanisms of how the circadian clock regulates organ physiology and metabolism have been elucidated at a rapid speed in the past two decades. Here we review circadian networks in more than six organ systems associated with complex disease, which cluster around metabolic disorders, and seek to propose critical regulatory molecules controlled by the circadian clock (named clock-controlled checkpoints) in the pathogenesis of complex disease. These include clock-controlled checkpoints such as circadian nuclear receptors in liver and muscle tissues, chemokines and adhesion molecules in the vasculature. Although the progress is encouraging, many gaps in the mechanisms remain unaddressed. Future studies should focus on devising time-dependent strategies for drug delivery and engagement in well-characterized organs such as the liver, and elucidating fundamental circadian biology in so far less characterized organ systems, including the heart, blood, peripheral neurons, and reproductive systems.
Selenium supplementation and oxidative stress: A review$$$ Background: Oxidative stress is defined as an imbalance between the production of oxidants (free radicals or reactive oxygen species) and their eradication by protective mechanisms, such as antioxidants (vitamin C, vitamin E, b-carotene, selenium and methionine). Increased oxidative stress is associated with metabolic risk factors and may contribute to the development of several obesity-related comorbidities, including insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and atherosclerosis. Methods: The present review aimed to evaluate the effects of selenium supplementation on oxidative stress biomarkers. We have searched PubMed, Scopus, ISI web of science, Embase and the Cochrane library databases were searched to evaluate the clinical efficacy. Results: We detected 14 studies that evaluated the effect of selenium supplementation on oxidative stress biomarkers n adults. Conclusions: Several studies have shown that Supplementation with selenium significantly reduce Malondialdehyde levels and increase Glutathione and total antioxidant capacity levels.
Effects of Calcium and Vitamin D Co-supplementation on the Lipid Profile: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis$$$ Purpose: Calcium and vitamin D co-supplementation is common and widely used, but randomized, controlled trials (RCTs) have yielded inconclusive results concerning its impact on the serum lipid profile. Methods: A comprehensive literature search of Medline, Web of Science, Scopus, Embase, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and clinical trial registry databases was conducted to identify placebo-controlled RCTs that were published through September 2020 and that evaluated the impact of calcium and vitamin D co-supplementation on total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TGs), low- and very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). Standardized mean differences (SMDs) were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis models. Findings: Thirteen studies in a total of 2304 participants met the inclusion criteria. Calcium and vitamin D co-supplementation was associated with significant reductions in both TC (SMD, −0.81; 95% CI, −1.35 to –0.27; I2 = 94.6%) and TGs (SMD, –0.50; 95% CI, –0.91 to –0.08; I2 = 91.5%), and with a significant increase in HDL-C (SMD, 1.22; 95% CI, 0.60 to 1.83; I2 = 95.4%). However, calcium and vitamin D co-supplementation were not found to be associated with significantly decreased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (SMD, –0.39; 95% CI, –0.78 to 0.01; I2 = 90.1%) or very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (SMD, –0.01; 95% CI, –0.70 to 0.69; I2 = 82.3%). Implications: The findings from the present systematic review and meta-analysis suggest that calcium and vitamin D co-supplementation has a beneficial effect on TC, TG, and HDL-C. Larger-scale, well-designed RCTs are needed to clarify the effect of calcium and vitamin D co-supplementation on all lipid-profile components.
The interactive effects of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and hemoglobin concentration in the first trimester on the development of gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse perinatal and maternal outcomes. Epidemiological studies have reported that non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and a high hemoglobin (Hb) concentration are risk factors for GDM in the middle trimester. However, no consistent conclusions have been reached, especially in Chinese pregnant women. A case-control study was conducted to better understand the associations between NAFLD and Hb concentration in the first trimester and the risk of GDM and their interactive effects. Multivariable logistic regression analysis and a cross-product term of Hb and steatosis were used to evaluate the associations between first trimester Hb concentration, steatosis, and GDM and their interactive effects. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using two-sided statistical tests at an alpha level of 0.05. For the study, 1,017 normal pregnant women, and 343 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM (25.22%) were recruited from the First Hospital of Shanxi Medical University, Shanxi Province, China. NAFLD-associated steatosis was found to be independent risk factors for developing GDM compared with grade 0 steatosis, with ORs of 1.98 (95% CI: 1.35- 2.89) and 2.27 (95% CI:1.29-3.96), respectively. Meanwhile, a high Hb concentration was found to be a risk factor for developing GDM compared with the normal Hb concentration (OR = 1.88; 95% CI:1.24-2.83). The risk of developing GDM was more pronounced among pregnant women who had both high-grade steatosis and higher Hb concentrations during their first trimester (OR = 6.24; 95% CI: 1.81-23.66). However, we found no significant interactions between Hb concentration and steatosis grade. In conclusion, our study confirmed that a high Hb concentration and NAFLD-associated steatosis during the first trimester play important roles in predicting the risk of GDM in Chinese women. Future studies are required to verify the interactive effects between NAFLD-associated steatosis and Hb concentration.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in pregnancy: A systematic review with meta-analysis$$$ Background and Aim: Maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) have been largely unexplored. We aimed to determine the level of evidence associated with both maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant women with NAFLD. Methods: We conducted a comprehensive literature search. The studies included pregnant patients with a previous, current, or subsequent diagnosis of NAFLD. We used a random-effects model using odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals. Results: Fourteen studies, with 12 377 female patients with NAFLD, were reviewed. Patients with NAFLD had a statistically significantly increased likelihood of baseline diabetes mellitus (OR, 5.79; 95% CI, 1.23-27.36; P = 0.027; I2 = 84.85, P = 0.01; n = 4), baseline hypertension (OR, 4.76; 95% CI, 2.97-7.62; P < 0.001, n = 3), gestational diabetes mellitus (OR, 3.06; 95% CI, 1.74-5.39; P < 0.001; I2 = 83.50, P = 0.002; n = 5), gestational hypertension (OR, 1.83; 95% CI, 1.03-3.26; P = 0.041; I2 = 43.81, P = 0.18; n = 2), and pre-eclampsia (OR, 2.43; 95% CI, 1.46-4.04; P = 0.001; I2 = 0.00, P = 0.94; n = 3). The analysis of the literature also showed that pregnant patients with NAFLD were significantly more likely to have a premature birth (OR, 1.87; 95% CI, 1.50-2.33; P < 0.001; I2 = 21.03, P = 0.28; n = 4), large-for-gestational-age birth (OR, 2.06; 95% CI, 1.83-2.31; P < 0.001, I2 = 0.00, P = 1.00; n = 1), or a history of prior miscarriage or abortion (OR, 1.15; 95% CI, 1.02-1.30; P = 0.02, n = 2). Egger's regression showed no evidence of publication bias (P > 0.05). Conclusion: This meta-analysis provides pooled evidence that NAFLD is associated with a substantial increase in maternal diabetic and hypertensive complications and multiple adverse fetal outcomes. These data are important for clinicians managing these patients before, during, and after pregnancy.
Duration of breast-feeding associates with anti-atherogenic lipid profile in women$$$ Background and aims: Few studies investigated favorable effects of lactation on anthropometric and metabolic parameters as well as reduced risk of diabetes and cardio-metabolic disease later in life in women. We investigated the medium-term effects of lactation duration on anthropometric parameters and glucose and lipid metabolism in women with and without history of gestational diabetes mellitus (hGDM) from the ongoing PREG study. Materials and methods: Duration of exclusive and mixed breastfeeding was assessed in 112 women (63 hGDM) retrospectively through questionnaire for index pregnancy. All subjects had a 5-point OGTT with 75 g glucose 417d [IQR 374-715] after delivery. Framingham risk score (FRS) and indices for insulin sensitivity and secretion were calculated from anthropometric data and plasma concentrations of lipids, glucose and insulin, respectively. Body fat distribution and liver fat content was assessed with MRI and MR spectroscopy, respectively. The effect of lactation duration was assessed using linear regression adjusted for BMI, age, follow up time, physical activity and parity. Results: 93.8% of the women reported breastfeeding. The average duration of total lactation was 11 months [7.5-14.5]. A longer lactation period was negatively associated with waist circumference, triglyceride levels, LDL/HDL-Ratio and FRS and positively with HDL (all p≥0.05). Only in hGDM the duration of lactation was associated with lower waist circumference (p=0.049), and a trend for lower subcutaneous adipose tissue (p=0.063) and liver fat (p=0.082) was observed. Lactation duration was negatively associated with liver fat and FRS (both p=0.052) in women with BMI ≥30 kg/m 2 (n=46) at the end of pregnancy. A positive association with insulin sensitivity (p=0.048) and disposition index (p=0.057) was observed only in the high BMI group. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that longer duration of lactation could exert anti-atherogenic effects and may reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Especially women with higher metabolic risk (GDM, overweight or obesity) could benefit and should be advised to prolonged breastfeeding.
Current type 2 diabetes, rather than previous gestational diabetes, is associated with liver disease in U.S. women$$$ Background and aims: The aim of this study is to investigate the relative contribution of previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and current type 2 diabetes (T2D) on the development of liver fibrosis, the strongest predictor of end-stage liver disease. Materials and methods: This is an analysis of data from the 2017-2018 cycle of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. We included women age ≥20 years that had delivered at least one live birth and had available data on vibration-controlled transient elastography (VCTE). Hepatic steatosis and fibrosis were diagnosed by the median value of controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) and liver stiffness measurement (LSM), respectively. Results: Among the 1699 women included in the study, 144 (10.1%, 95% CI 7.7-13.2) reported a previous diagnosis of GDM. Women with previous GDM were younger, had a higher BMI and waist circumference, a higher prevalence of T2D, lower systolic blood pressure and were significantly older at the time they had the last live birth. Univariate analysis did not show a significant difference between women with and without a prior history of GDM in terms of both steatosis (44.8% vs 39.4%, p=0.464) and fibrosis (7.5% vs 7.6%, p=0.854). Multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that BMI, γ-glutamyltranspeptidase levels, T2D (OR 2.96, 95% CI 1.48-5.93, p<0.01), HBV and HCV infection were associated with higher odds of significant fibrosis, but previous GDM showed a neutral effect. Conclusion: The results of this analysis confirm that women with GDM should be screened and followed for the development of T2D, but those that do not go on to develop T2D might not experience a poor hepatic prognosis.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver indices and their association with glucose metabolism in pregnancy$$$ Background and aims: Previous studies indicated that hepatic steatosis indices can be used to accurately stratify the risk for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), with the advantage of being non-invasive and easy to assess. Therefore, they are particularly useful for NAFLD classification in pregnancy. Recent publications showed that the proposed indices are highly predictive for the later development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) as well. This study aims to extend these results by providing a detailed examination of their association with parameters of glucose metabolism during gestation. Materials and methods: A total of 103 women were included in this study and underwent metabolic characterisation before 20 weeks of gestation including fasting assessment of glucose, insulin and C-peptide. The study participants were classified according to the hepatic steatosis index (HSI) into low (HSI-G1, n=18), intermediate (HSI-G2, n=47) and high risk (HSI-G3, n=38) for NAFLD. In addition, women were classified by use of the fatty liver index (FLI) as an alternative method. At 26 weeks of gestation (IQR: 25 to 27 weeks) all mothers received an oral glucose tolerance test (75g-OGTT) with five measurements of glucose, insulin and C-peptide to assess dynamic parameters of glucose metabolism including the predicted M-value (PREDIM, representing insulin sensitivity) as well as the oral disposition index (ISSI-2, representing β-cell function). Results: Both NAFLD indices were closely associated with insulin resistance (HSI: rho = 0.71, p<0.001; FLI: rho = 0.69, p<0.001) and compensatory increased insulin release (HSI: rho = 0.54, p<0.001; FLI: rho = 0.57, p<0.001) derived from fasting parameters at early pregnancy. Moreover, HSI-G3 and FLI-G3 subgroups showed significantly impaired insulin action during the OGTT as compared to the G1 and G2 subgroups as well as lower levels of ISSI-2 indicating impaired β-cell function. As a consequence, patients classified as HIS-G3 as well as FLI-G3 presented increased glucose concentrations during the OGTT. Both steatosis indices were associated with the development of GDM (HSI: OR 1.18, 95%CI 1.08 to 1.32, p=0.001; FLI: OR 1.05 95%CI 1.03 to 1.09, p<0.001) as well as with birth weight percentiles of the infants after delivery. Conclusion: Non-invasive fatty liver indices are associated with higher risk of GDM, which is likely due to impaired insulin action and β-cell dysfunction. As these indices are easily available at early pregnancy, they may provide a useful tool for GDM risk assessment.
Longitudinal associations of total and trunk fat in childhood and adolescence and risk of hepatic steatosis at 24 years$$$ Background: The importance of body fat distribution in the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is unclear. Objective: To examine whether total and truncal fat deposition patterns in childhood/adolescence are associated with NAFLD risk at 24 years. Methods: Data were from 1657 participants in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children. Transient elastography was used to assess hepatic steatosis (low/moderate/severe) at 24 years and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry was used to assess total body fat percent (TBF%) and trunk fat percent (TrF%) at 9, 13, 15, 17, and/or 24 years. Linear mixed models were constructed with quadratic age to examine trajectories of TBF% and TrF% by steatosis at 24 years, adjusting for confounders. Results: In both sexes, TBF% trajectories from 9 to 24 years followed a similar pattern based on steatosis group (P =.83 for boys and P =.14 for girls for age2*steatosis fixed effect). However, at all ages TBF% was higher for moderate/severe vs low steatosis at 24 years (P <.05). In contrast, TrF% trajectories diverged based on steatosis group (P =.001 for boys and P =.0002 for girls for age2*steatosis fixed effect), such that, in both sexes, participants with moderate/severe steatosis at 24 yrs exhibited less decline in TrF% from adolescence to adulthood compared to participants with low steatosis at 24 yrs. Similar to TBF%, TrF% was higher at nearly all ages for moderate/severe vs low steatosis. Results were similar after adjusting for BMI category at each age, except in boys some differences for TrF% were attenuated. Conclusions: These findings suggest that sex-specific body fat distribution patterns in childhood/adolescence may help to identify those at risk of developing NAFLD in adulthood.
Roles of microRNAs in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism disorders and their therapeutic potential$$$ MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small (∼21 nucleotides), endogenous, non-coding RNA molecules implicated in the post-transcriptional gene regulation performed through target mRNA cleavage or translational inhibition. In recent years, several investigations have demonstrated that miRNAs are involved in regulating both carbohydrate and lipid homeostasis in humans and other organisms. Moreover, it has been observed that the dysregulation of these metabolism-related miRNAs leads to the development of several metabolic disorders, such as type 2 diabetes, obesity, nonalcoholic fatty liver, insulin resistance, and hyperlipidemia. Hence, in this current review, with the aim to impulse the research arena of the micro-transcriptome implications in vital metabolic pathways as well as to highlight the remarkable potential of miRNAs as therapeutic targets for metabolic disorders in humans, we provide an overview of the regulatory roles of metabolism-associated miRNAs in humans and murine models.
Multifactorial basis and therapeutic strategies in metabolism-related diseases$$$ Throughout the 20th and 21st centuries, the incidence of non-communicable diseases (NCDs), also known as chronic diseases, has been increasing worldwide. Changes in dietary and physical activity patterns, along with genetic conditions, are the main factors that modulate the metabolism of individuals, leading to the development of NCDs. Obesity, diabetes, metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are classified in this group of chronic diseases. Therefore, understanding the underlying molecular mechanisms of these diseases leads us to develop more accurate and effective treatments to reduce or mitigate their prevalence in the population. Given the global relevance of NCDs and ongoing research progress, this article reviews the current understanding about NCDs and their related risk factors, with a focus on obesity, diabetes, MAFLD, and CVDs, summarizing the knowledge about their pathophysiology and highlighting the currently available and emerging therapeutic strategies, especially pharmacological interventions. All of these diseases play an important role in the contamination by the SARS-CoV-2 virus, as well as in the progression and severity of the symptoms of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). Therefore, we briefly explore the relationship between NCDs and COVID-19.
A case of dichorionic diamniotic (DD) twin pregnancy that led to a diagnosis of diabetes insipidus with a background of acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP)$$$ Background] The frequency of gestational diabetes insipidus (DI) has been reported to be 2~4/100,000 pregnancies. Acute fatty liver of pregnancya AFLP) is also more likely to be encoun-tered in these cases. Since both are rare diseases, this relation-ship may be easily missed.. Case] A 30-year-old 3 gravida 2 para Japanese woman was referred to our hospital at 36 weeks of ges-tation for management of dichorionic diamniotica DD) twin preg-nancy. Despite an uneventful first 2 trimesters, the patient had become aware of polyuria and general fatigue at 33 weeks of gestation, which gradually progressed for over 2 weeks. She was hospitalized for severe dehydration and mild liver dysfunction. Treatment for dehydration was started. On the day after admis-sion, polyuria of 4,300 mL/day, very low urine osmolalitya 75 Osm/L) , and hepatorenal deterioration were observed. Consid-ering the possibility of transient secondary DI from altered vasopressinase clearance because of hepatic dysfunction, we im-mediately performed an emergency cesarian section. A few hours postoperatively, the patient showed coagulopathy and ex-acerbation of hepatorenal function, and we diagnosed AFLP as 6 of the Swansea criteria were satisfied. Coagulopathy and hepatorenal function improved within a few days, but urine volume did not decrease. Oral medicine of desmopressin was used, and currently, outpatient treatment for central DI is being contin-ued.. Conclusion] While evaluating polyuria during pregnancy, we should consider the existence of critical conditions associ-ated with liver dysfunction, such as AFLP. Furthermore, it is important that these patients receive proper intensive care and appropriate judgment for termination of pregnancy.
Exploring new treatment options for polycystic ovary syndrome: Review of a novel antidiabetic agent SGLT2 inhibitor$$$ Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinopathy in women of reproductive age associated with long-term metabolic and cardiovascular consequences. A plethora of symptoms and their severity differentiate on an individual level, giving the syndrome numerous phenotypes. Due to menstrual cycle abnormalities, women suffer from irregular menstrual bleeding, difficulty in conception, and infertility. Furthermore, the risk of pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and preterm birth are higher in women with PCOS than in the general population. Often, women with PCOS have comorbidities such as dyslipidemia, obesity, glucose intolerance or diabetes type 2, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and metabolic syndrome, which all influence the treatment plan. Historic insulinsensitizing agents, although good for some of the metabolic derangements, do not offer long-term cardiovascular benefits; therefore, new treatment options are of paramount importance. Sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 (SGLT-2) inhibitors, a new class of antidiabetic agents with beneficial cardiovascular, bodyweight, and antihyperglycemic effects, although not approved for the treatment of PCOS, might be an attractive therapeutic addition in the PCOS armamentarium. Namely, recent studies with SGLT-2 inhibitors showed promising improvements in anthropometric parameters and body composition in patients with PCOS. It is important to further explore the SGLT-2 inhibitors potential as an early therapeutic option because of the PCOS-related risk of metabolic, reproductive, and psychological consequences.
Current type 2 diabetes, rather than previous gestational diabetes, is associated with liver disease in U.S. Women$$$ Aim: To investigate the relative contribution of previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and current type 2 diabetes (T2D) on the development of liver fibrosis, the strongest predictor of end-stage liver disease. Methods: This is a population-based cross-sectional study based on data from the 2017–2018 cycle of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. We included women age ≥ 20 years that had delivered at least one live birth and had available data on vibration-controlled transient elastography (VCTE). Liver steatosis and fibrosis were assessed by the median value of controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) and liver stiffness measurement (LSM), respectively. Results: Among the 1699 women included in the study, 144 (10.1%, 95% CI 7.7–13.2) reported a previous diagnosis of GDM. Women with previous GDM were younger, had a higher BMI, a higher prevalence of T2D and were significantly older at the time they had the last live birth. Univariate analysis did not show a significant difference between women with and without a prior history of GDM in terms of both steatosis (44.8% vs 39.4%, p = 0.464) and fibrosis (7.5% vs 7.6%, p = 0.854). Multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that BMI, γ-glutamyltranspeptidase levels, T2D (OR 2.96, 95% CI 1.48–5.93, p < 0.01), HBV and HCV infection were associated with higher odds of significant fibrosis, while previous GDM showed a neutral effect. Conclusions: Women with previous GDM that do not develop overt T2D might not experience a poor hepatic prognosis.
A Prudent dietary pattern is inversely associated with liver fat content among multi-ethnic youth$$$ Objectives: To identify dietary patterns associated with hepatic fat fraction (HFF), a measure of liver fat content and risk factor for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, in a prospective study of 397 multi-ethnic youth. Methods: We obtained information on habitual dietary intake via the Block Kids Food Frequency Questionnaire at age 6 to 15 years (‘T1’) and 12 to 19 years (‘T2’), and measured HFF using magnetic resonance imaging at T2. We derived dietary patterns via principal components analysis and examined associations with ln-transformed HFF using linear regression models that accounted for maternal education, gestational diabetes exposure and smoking habits; and child pubertal status, BMI and physical activity. Results: At T1, none of the dietary patterns identified were associated with HFF measured at T2. At T2, a Prudent dietary pattern characterized by high fruit and vegetable intake was inversely associated with HFF (−0.08 [95% CI: −0.16, −0.00]). Similarly, increased adherence to the Prudent pattern across T1 and T2 corresponded with lower ln-HFF (−0.11 [−0.18, −0.04] units). On the other hand, adherence to a Western pattern comprising fried foods and refined carbohydrates at T2 correlated with higher HFF among non-Hispanic White participants (0.16 [0.06, 0.26]). These findings persisted after accounting for child BMI. Conclusions: Even in healthy youth, a diet high in fruits and vegetables is associated with lower HFF, whereas a diet high in fried foods and refined carbohydrates is related to higher HFF. Dietary changes may serve as an early preventive measure to mitigate liver fat accrual.
A prudent dietary pattern is inversely associated with liver fat content among multi-ethnic youth in the EPOCH cohort$$$ Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the leading cause of chronic liver disease in youth worldwide. Little is known of dietary patterns that may protect against or increase risk of NAFLD in children and adolescents. Objectives: (1) To characterize dietary patterns in a cohort of multi-ethnic youth in Colorado at two time-points: age 6-14 years (T1) and 12-19 years (T2); (2) to identify dietary patterns associated with hepatic fat fraction (HFF) at T2; (3) to examine associations of change in the dietary patterns with HFF among 397 youth in the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes in CHildren (EPOCH) Study. Methods: We used principal components analysis to derive dietary patterns from food frequency questionnaire data collected at T1 and T2, and measured HFF via magnetic resonance imaging at T2. We examined associations of dietary patterns with natural log-( ln)-transformed HFF using multivariable linear regression. Covariates included maternal education, gestational diabetes, and smoking habits; and child's pubertal status, body mass index, and physical activity levels. Results: At T1, we identified three dietary patterns, none of which were associated with HFF. At T2, we identified a Prudent and a Western dietary pattern. The Prudent pattern, characterized by high fruit and vegetable intake, was inversely associated with HFF (-0.08 [95% CI: -0.16, -0.00] units ln-HFF) whereas the Western pattern, comprising fried foods and refined carbohydrates, correlated with higher HFF among non-Hispanic White participants only (0.16 [0.06, 0.26] units ln-HFF). An increase in adherence to the Prudent pattern across T1 and T2 corresponded with 0.11 (0.04, 0.18) units lower ln-HFF. These findings persisted after accounting for concurrent BMI. Conclusions: A diet high in fruits and vegetables may be protective against fatty liver disease in youth, whereas greater intake of fried foods and refined carbohydrates is related to higher liver fat content in non-Hispanic White adolescents.
Deranged liver enzyme levels and indices of hepatic steatosis and fibrosis on the development of gestational diabetes$$$ Objective: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease has been associated with the development of gestational diabetes (GDM). We sought to determine whether abnormal liver enzyme levels and indices of hepatic steatosis and fibrosis in an entire pregnant population are associated with GDM development. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted on adult women (≥18 years) who delivered at 2 teaching hospitals in Sydney Australia from January 2016 to December 2017. Liver enzymes (aspartate aminotransaminase (AST), alanine aminotransaminase (ALT), gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), albumin (ALB) and bilirubin (BIL)) obtained 12 months pre-gravid, or during pregnancy but prior to GDM screening, were extracted from the hospital pathology database and linked with oral glucose tolerance test results. The Fibrosis-4 (FIB-4) and Hepatic Steatosis Index (HSI) were calculated. Univariate analysis was undertaken to determine the association between deranged liver enzymes, FIB-4, HSI and GDM. Multiple logistic regression, with adjustment for age, ethnicity, pre-gravid body mass index (BMI), parity, prior GDM and family history of diabetes, was conducted to determine if any of these were independent predictors of GDM. Results: Over 2 years, 1429 women had liver enzymes collected. As per IADPSG (2010) criteria, 255 had diagnosed GDM, of which 82 (32.2%) were obese (BMI >30kg/m2), 243 (82.4%) were multiparous, and 223 (87.5%) had prior GDM. Elevated GGT (>35IU/L, p=0.006) and HSI (p=0.005) were associated with development of GDM, whilst low ALB (<35g/L) and elevated ALP (>110IU/L), ALT (>35IU/L), AST (>35IU/L), BIL (>19umol/L) and FIB-4 were not. On adjustment for confounders, elevated GGT (AOR 1.1, 95% CI 0.32-3.8, p=0.88) and HSI (AOR 0.6, 95% CI 0.26-1.3, p=0.21) were not independent predictors of GDM. Conclusions: Our results indicate deranged liver enzymes or clinical indices of hepatic steatosis and fibrosis were not associated with GDM.
Prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and factors associated with it in Indian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Aims/Introduction: This study aims to evaluate the prevalence of and factors associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in Indian women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) diagnosed using International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional study (2018–2019) enrolled women with and without prior GDM. Study participants underwent detailed assessments, including relevant medical, obstetric and demographic details; 75-g oral glucose tolerance test with glucose and insulin estimation at 0, 30 and 120 min; and other relevant biochemical and anthropometric measurements. NAFLD status was defined by ultrasonography. Results: We evaluated a total of 309 women (201 and 108 with and without prior GDM, respectively) at a mean age of 31.9 ± 5.0 years and median of 16 months (interquartile range 9–38 months) following the index delivery. The prevalence of NAFLD was significantly higher in women with prior GDM (62.7% vs 50.0%, P = 0.038; grade 2 and 3 disease, 13.9% vs 6.5%). On logistic regression analysis (fully adjusted model), the odds of NAFLD were 2.11-fold higher in women with prior GDM (95% confidence interval 1.16–3.85, P = 0.014). Overweight/obesity, metabolic syndrome, prediabetes and homeostasis model of assessment of insulin resistance (a measure of insulin resistance) were positively associated with NAFLD, whereas the Matsuda index (a measure of insulin sensitivity) showed a negative association with NAFLD. Conclusions: The prevalence of NAFLD is high in women with prior GDM. Such women also have a high burden of cardiometabolic risk factors. Future studies should evaluate the intermediate and long-term hepatic and cardiovascular risk, and the impact of lifestyle interventions in reducing morbidity in such women.
Polydipsia in pregnancy: A prodromal feature of acute fatty liver in pregnancy? A case presentation$$$ Introduction: Acute fatty liver in pregnancy (AFLP) is a rare obstetric emergency characterised by maternal liver dysfunction and micro vesicular fatty infiltration of hepatocytes that may lead to significant maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. The diagnosis of AFLP is usually made clinically, with an overlap between AFLP, HELLP syndrome and pre-eclampsia (PET). Case presentation: A 42-year-old G4P2 with no significant past history presented at 35/40 gestation with absent fetal movements and a background of two weeks of polydipsia (5-6 L of water/24 hr), polyuria, fatigue and intermittent mild headache. She was normotensive at regular antenatal reviews. On presentation an intrauterine fetal death was confirmed and a diagnosis of PET/HELLP syndrome was made on the basis of BP 140/100 mmHg urine PCR 73, platelets 109 × 109/L, creatinine 194 μmol/L and LFT derangement. MgSo4 was commenced and emergency LUSC performed. Post-operatively, evolving biochemical derangement including ALT 674 U/L, AST 540 U/L, bilirubin 39 μmol/L, BSL 3.4 mmol/L, INR 1.3 and elevated APTT suggested diagnosis of AFLP. She was admitted to ICU with grade 2 encephalopathy and acute kidney injury and managed supportively. She improved biochemically and clinically and discharged Day 7. Discussion: Mild polydipsia and polyuria is often considered normal in pregnancy and not routinely investigated. Gestational diabetes insipidus (GDI) is a rare endocrinopathy with an incidence of 4 per 100,000 pregnancies and may be associated with AFLP or PET as demonstrated in our case. Increased awareness for maternity care providers may prompt earlier detection of evolving AFLP and therefore possible prevention of significant maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality.
Zebrafish model of Gestational Diabetes$$$ One in seven births in the US are affected by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM). In addition to the acute risk of death and complications for the fetus, GDM exposure in utero leads to an increase in the development of cardiovascular diseases, obesity, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome later in life. In utero fetal exposure to hyperglycemia leads to Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) in adulthood, later in life, characterized by increased lipid droplets in hepatocytes. Although the consequences of GDM in infants have been documented, the cellular, molecular and physiological mechanisms underlying the link between fetal hyperglycemia and metabolic consequences later in life is poorly understood. We recently developed a model of fetal hyperglycemia in zebrafish embryo, by exposure of zebrafish embryos to high glucose (4.5% or 5% w/v) for 24 hours. Glucose level was detected in the fish homogenate by glucometer. Body composition was detected by EcoMRI. Gene expression of glycolytic and lipogenic markers (Glucokinase, Hexokinase, Pyruvate Kinase, Acetyl CoA Carboxylase, Fatty Acid Synthase) was quantified by RT-qPCR. Adiposity was assessed by Nile red staining and liver lipid droplet accumulation was performed to evaluate NAFLD. Additionally, the enzymes involved in Triglyceride and Cholesterol synthesis (Acetyl-CoA and Malonyl-CoA) were assessed by ELISA. Our data demonstrate that zebrafish embryos exposed to high glucose and raised to adulthood under normal glycemic conditions (normal fish diet) have significant increase in body mass index (826.6±26.34 Vs. 598.8± 33.89) g/m and fat mass (12.07± 2.92 Vs 3.4± 0.4) g, develop obesity (by size), have increased adiposity and develop NAFLD, however these adults are normoglycemic. At the cellular and molecular level, our results show a differential increase in glycolytic and lipogenic gene expression. Moreover, there was significant increases in Acetyl-CoA (2.5-fold) and Malonyl-CoA (1.4-fold) levels that was associated with increased cholesterol (57.92± 0.7 Vs 34.8±1.01) uM and Triglyceride (4.1± 0.75 Vs 0.98±0.27) levels in embryos exposed to high glucose compared to control group. Together our results show that fetal exposure to glucose leads to metabolic consequences later in life including obesity and NAFLD under normal diet. We also concluded from our results that fetal hyperglycemia increases glycolysis and lipogenesis. Moreover, our project demonstrates that the zebrafish is an excellent system to model fetal hyperglycemia by focusing on direct glucose exposure of the embryo without the need of modifying the glucose levels of the mother. Experiments utilizing both genetic and pharmacological approaches are in progress to investigate if the molecular changes observed during fetal life under glucose exposure are persistent in the adults.
The prevalence of metabolic associated fatty liver detected by FibroScan® in women with gestational diabetes in a multiethnic population$$$ Aims: Metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is a leading cause of chronic liver disease and has been increasingly associated with gestational diabetes (GDM). This study aimed to assess the prevalence of MAFLD in women with GDM in the antenatal period. Methods: 108 pregnant women with GDM diagnosed on a 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test were enrolled from a multiethnic cohort attending a large obstetrics clinic in Sydney, Australia and had a single FibroScan® assessment after 24 weeks gestation to assess for hepatic steatosis and fibrosis. A control attenuated parameter (CAP) cut-off score of ≥ 233.5 dB/m was chosen to signify presence of hepatic steatosis which indicates MAFLD. Obstetric, anthropometric and metabolic measures were analysed. Results: 29 (26.9%) women had evidence of FibroScan®-detected MAFLD, whilst none had evidence of hepatic fibrosis. Increased maternal BMI (aOR 1.12, 95% CI: 1.04–1.20) was associated with the finding of MAFLD in this cohort. Conclusions: We found a significant antenatal prevalence of FibroScan®-detected MAFLD in this cohort of multiethnic women with GDM. FibroScan® is a safe and rapid assessment tool which may have a role in screening for MAFLD in pregnancy in appropriate at-risk women.
Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome: Impact on Adult and Fetal Health$$$ Women with the polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) may have an increased risk for complications in pregnancy including miscarriage, gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, higher rates of cesarean delivery, and abnormalities in fetal growth. In addition, PCOS has been associated with the development of type II diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, obstructive sleep apnea, endometrial cancer, depression and anxiety, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. In understanding that PCOS is a disease impacting more than just a woman's fertility, prevention and early identification of risk factors for affiliated conditions is essential.
The current and potential therapeutic use of metformin—the good old drug$$$ Metformin, one of the oldest oral antidiabetic agents and still recommended by almost all current guidelines as the first-line treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), has become the medication with steadily increasing potential therapeutic indications. A broad spectrum of experimental and clinical studies showed that metformin has a pleiotropic activity and favorable effect in different pathological conditions, including prediabetes, type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Moreover, there are numerous studies, meta-analyses and population studies indicating that metformin is safe and well tolerated and may be associated with cardioprotective and nephroprotective effect. Recently, it has also been reported in some studies, but not all, that metformin, besides improvement of glucose homeostasis, may possibly reduce the risk of cancer development, inhibit the incidence of neurodegenerative disease and prolong the lifespan. This paper presents some arguments supporting the initiation of metformin in patients with newly diagnosed T2DM, especially those without cardiovascular risk factors or without established cardiovascular disease or advanced kidney insufficiency at the time of new guidelines favoring new drugs with pleotropic effects complimentary to glucose control. Moreover, it focuses on the potential beneficial effects of metformin in patients with T2DM and coexisting chronic diseases.
390 Prediction of gestational diabetes in the first trimester using machine learning-based methods$$$ Objective: Early prediction of gestational diabetes (GDM) can help to develop preventive strategies, and guidelines traditionally recommended high-risk factors [Conventional risk factors in ACOG]. In 2017, the ACOG recommended new criteria, but not universally adopted [New risk factors in ACOG]. Recently, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) was suggested as a risk factor for metabolic complications but has not been fully evaluated in prediction model for GDM. In the current study, we aimed to develop early prediction model for GDM using machine learning-based methods and to evaluate whether addition of NAFLD-associated variables would increase the model performance. Study Design: This is a secondary analysis from the prospective NAFLD pregnancy cohort. Pregnant women were evaluated for NAFLD at 10-14 weeks and was screened for GDM at 24-28 weeks. The clinical variables before 14 weeks were used to develop prediction model for GDM in four settings [Setting 1,2,3, and 4], and we also selected top 11 important variables using stepwise variable selection method [Setting 5] (Table). The study population was divided into training: test set (2:1 ratio) and the prediction model developed from training set was evaluated in the test set. Logistic regression, random forest, support vector machine, and deep neural network were used to construct the prediction model. Results: A total of 1443 women were included, and 86 women (5.96%) was diagnosed as GDM. The performance of prediction model was highest in [Setting 4] among Settings 1-4, demonstrating that the addition of NAFLD-associated variables improved the prediction model performance. In addition, the model with 11 important variables [Setting 5] showed similar accuracy with [Setting 4] (Table and Figure). Overall, we could suggest the final model derived from 11 important variables constructed by random forest algorithm. Conclusion: We developed early prediction model for GDM using machine learning-based method. The proposed model needs to be evaluated in further prospective studies. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
560 Postpartum transient elastography in patients with metabolic disorders of pregnancy$$$ Objective: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) affects 30% of the U.S. and is a risk factor for cirrhosis, liver cancer, and is the leading cause for liver transplant among women. Physiologic estrogen fluctuations and rapid weight change in pregnancy may play important roles in NAFLD. Data regarding NAFLD in pregnancy, and its association with metabolic disorders in pregnancy, is limited. Transient elastography (TE)(Fibroscan) with continued attenuation parameter (CAP) is a noninvasive way to diagnose steatosis and liver stiffness/fibrosis. Study Design: IRB approved prospective study in which TE and liver function tests were performed 1-2 days postpartum. CAP ≥300 was classified as significant steatosis. Elevated liver stiffness/fibrosis was defined as ≥7 kilopascals(KPA). Chi-square analysis was used to compare differences between groups. Univariate and bivariate logistic regression was used to determine significant predictors of elevated CAP and KPA. Results: 91 patients were included: 20(22%) had gestational diabetes (GDM), 13(14%) had gestational hypertension (gHTN), and 15(17%) had preeclampsia (PEC). Women with these metabolic disorders of pregnancy were more likely to be Black, and undergo C-section, but had lower median weight gain (Table 1). Women with KPA≥7 were more likely to have ALT≥25, Type 2 diabetes, and PEC(p<0.05)(Table 2). Pre- and post-gravid BMI, and GDM were not associated with increased KPA. Overweight pregravid BMI, and chronic hypertension were associated with CAP≥300(p<0.05). GDM, PEC, and gHTN were not associated with CAP≥300. In logistic regression analysis, PEC(OR 4.32,p=0.033) and ALT>25(OR of 5.59,p=0.007) were associated with KPA≥7 independent of BMI. Conclusion: Women with preeclampsia and elevated ALT were more likely to have elevated postpartum liver stiffness. Pregravid BMI≥25 and ≥30 were associated with increased liver steatosis, although did not appear to impact liver stiffness. Consideration should be made for screening women with PEC and obesity for liver disease during pregnancy with potential for lifestyle intervention. Implementation of TE postpartum is feasible. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
Treatment and diagnosis changes polycystic ovary syndrome$$$ Polycystic ovarian syndrome is at the present a well-known disease disturb-ing 6% to 25% of women of reproductive age, based on their interpretation. Over the past three decades, research has led to it becoming a disease more common to internal medicine procedures, from relative medical obscurity. It impacts many processes and allows for an advanced health care approach for successful diagnosis. Metabolic disorders and related complications include insulin and diabetic resistance, hyperlipidemia, elevated blood pressure, fatty liver syndrome and sleep apnea. Oligo-/amenorrhea, endometrial hyperpla-sia and cancer are all reproductive complications. Depression and disordered behavior are both linked to psychosocial problems. Cosmetic problems may include hirsutism, androgenic alopecia and acne. The diagnosis of PCOS takes place only if the patients have at least 2 of the 3 symptoms, namely high (High Androgen level, Presence of ovarian cysts and Irregular Periods). Diagnosis is confirmed following a pelvic exam, blood tests along with an ultrasound to determine the structure of the ovaries. This analysis addresses the mnemonic ”MY PCOS” in a multiple system approach and explores the diagnosis and therapeutic strategies for developmental, cosmetic and metabolic complica-tions. This paper gives an analysis of polycystic ovary syndrome treatment for females. The debate must emphasize the various particular issue to be dealt with in the management of this situation mnemoic ”MY PCOS”.
Enhancing oxygenation of patients with coronavirus disease 2019: Effects on immunity and other health-related conditions$$$ Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) distresses the pulmonary system causing acute respiratory distress syndrome, which might lead to death. There is no cure for COVID-19 infection. COVID-19 is a self-limited infection, and the methods that can enhance immunity are strongly required. Enhancing oxygenation is one safe and effective intervention to enhance immunity and pulmonary functions. This review deliberates the probable influences of enhancing oxygenation on immunity and other health-connected conditions in patients with COVID-19. An extensive search was conducted through Web of Science, Scopus, Medline databases, and EBSCO for the influence of enhancing oxygenation on immunity, pulmonary functions, psycho-immune hormones, and COVID-19 risk factors. This search included clinical trials and literature and systematic reviews. This search revealed that enhancing oxygenation has a strong effect on improving immunity and pulmonary functions and psycho-immune hormones. Also, enhancing oxygenation has a self-protective role counter to COVID-19 risk factors. Lastly, this search revealed the recommended safe and effective exercise protocol to enhance oxygenation in patients with COVID-19. Enhancing oxygenation should be involved in managing patients with COVID-19 because of its significant effects on immunity, pulmonary functions, and COVID-19 risk factors. A mild to moderate cycling or walking with 60%-80% Vo2max for 20-60 min performed 2-3 times per week could be a safe and effective aerobic exercise program in patients with COVID-19 to enhance their immunity and pulmonary functions.
Fear of missing out: A brief overview of origin, theoretical underpinnings and relationship with mental health$$$ Fear of missing out (FoMO) is a unique term introduced in 2004 to describe a phenomenon observed on social networking sites. FoMO includes two processes; firstly, perception of missing out, followed up with a compulsive behavior to maintain these social connections. We are interested in understanding the complex construct of FoMO and its relations to the need to belong and form stable interpersonal relationships. It is associated with a range of negative life experiences and feelings, due to it being considered a problematic attachment to social media. We have provided a general review of the literature and have summarized the findings in relation to mental health, social functioning, sleep, academic performance and productivity, neuro-developmental disorders, and physical well-being. We have also discussed the treatment options available for FoMo based on cognitive behavior therapy. It imperative that new findings on FoMO are communicated to the clinical community as it has diagnostic implications and could be a confounding variable in those who do not respond to treatment as usual.
Combination of cafeteria diet with intraperitoneally streptozotocin in rats. A type-2 diabetes model$$$ Purpose: To develop a model of induction of type-2 diabetes (DM2) by combining low doses of streptozotocin (STZ) and a cafeteria diet. Methods: Forty male Wistar rats (200 g) were allocated into four groups: control (non-diabetic, n = 10); STZ 30 mg/kg (diabetic, n = 10); STZ 35 mg/kg (diabetic, n = 10); and STZ 40 mg/kg (diabetic, n = 10). DM2 was induced with a single intraperitoneal injection of STZ after four weeks of cafeteria diet in the three diabetic groups. All animals were evaluated as for anthropometric, and biochemical analyses, as well as liver, kidney and pancreas histological analyses. Results: Lower weight gain, higher water intake, higher Lee index, hyperglycemia and modified total protein, urea, alpha-amylase, as well as insulin resistance, hepatic steatosis, pancreas, and kidney injury were observed in animals treated with 35 and 40 mg/kg of STZ. Conclusions: The results show that the experimental model using cafeteria diet associated with 35 mg/kg of STZ is a low-cost model and efficient in order to develop DM2, confirmed by the presence of polydipsia, hyperglycemia, altered biochemical tests, insulin resistance and damages to the liver, pancreas and kidney, which is similar to the disease found in humans.
Metabolic associated fatty liver disease and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Aim of the study: Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is now the most prevalent chronic liver disease in the world. Its prevalence in women of reproductive age is approximately 10%. Due to its high prevalence in this specific population, it is important to investigate adverse maternal and fetal outcomes caused by MAFLD during pregnancy. We aimed to summarize the association between MAFLD and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. Material and methods: A search was conducted on PubMed and ProQuest from inception to April 1, 2021, for studies assessing the association between MAFLD and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. The quality of included studies was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). We analyzed the pooled odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using a fixed and random-effects model. Heterogeneity was assessed using I2. Results: Six studies comprising 20,535,994 (5,964 MAFLD) pregnant women were included. The quality of studies ranged from 6 to 8 stars. MAFLD was significantly associated with increased risk of dysglycemia (OR = 3.65, 95% CI = 2.47-5.39), pregnancy-associated hypertension (OR = 3.27, 95% CI = 2.75-3.88), cesarean section (OR = 2.78, 95% CI = 1.60-4.83), and preterm birth (OR = 1.70, 95% CI = 1.37-2.10) but not large for gestational age (OR = 1.69, 95% CI = 0.64-4.45). Conclusions: The presence of MAFLD is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes.
The Predictive Ability of Hepatic Steatosis Index for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Large for Gestational Age Infant Compared with Other Noninvasive Indices Among Chinese Pregnancies: A Preliminary Double-center Cohort Study$$$ Objective: To evaluate the association of hepatic steatosis index (HSI) in the first trimester and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) as well as large for gestational age (LGA) infant in Chinese women. Methods: A total of 1082 pregnant women were included in this study. Maternal basic laboratory data, including ALT, AST, FBG, insulin, TG, and HDL-C, were tested during 6– 12 weeks of gestation and anthropometric characteristics were monitored during gestation. A 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was conducted at 24–28 weeks of gestation. HSI, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) liver fat score, triglyceride/high-density lipopro-tein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C) and triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index were calculated. Odds ratio with 95% confidence interval for subsequent risk of GDM and LGA by HSI quartiles were assessed by binary logistic regression model. The predictive ability of HSI for GDM and LGA was evaluated by the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis and was compared with other indices. Results: The incidence of GDM and LGA were 22.09% (239/1082) and 10.53% (87/826). HSI was higher in GDM group than in NGT group (median, interquartile range: 30.67, 27.20–35.10 vs 27.98, 25.70–30.82, P<0.001). Incidence of GDM was gradually increased with increasing HSI values. Women in the highest HSI quartile had significantly higher risk of LGA delivery than those in the lowest HSI quartile (P<0.05). The area under the ROC curves of HSI for GDM and LGA were higher than other indices, reaching 0.646 (95%CI: 0.605–0.686) and 0.600 (95% CI: 0.541–0.660), respectively. Conclusion: Higher HSI was independently associated with higher risk of GDM and LGA in Chinese women. HSI in the first trimester can predict the risk of GDM and LGA.
Postpartum fatal fulminant hepatic failure presenting with persistent hypoglycemia due to acute fatty liver of pregnancy$$$ Acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP) is a sudden and devastating illness which occurs mostly around the 36thweek of gestation in pregnant females. It is characterized by microvesicular fatty infiltration of the liver which eventually results in encephalopathy and hepatic failure. It carries significant perinatal and maternal mortality and requires early diagnosis and intervention to prevent maternal and fetal death. The foremost cause of AFLP is thought to be due to a mitochondrial dysfunction in the oxidation of fatty acids leading to their continuous accumulation in the hepatocytes. Early diagnosis is extremely important and the only definitive therapy is delivery. Here, we present the case of a 28-year-old pregnant female presenting with abdominal pain, vomiting, and jaundice who was diagnosed with AFLP and gradually worsened postpartum. Due to persistent hypoglycemia and rapidly developing fulminant hepatic failure, the patient expired 5 days after admission.
PAPPA-mediated adipose tissue remodeling mitigates insulin resistance and protects against gestational diabetes in mice and humans$$$ Pregnancy is a physiological state of continuous adaptation to changing maternal and fetal nutritional needs, including a reduction of maternal insulin sensitivity allowing for appropriately enhanced glucose availability to the fetus. However, excessive insulin resistance in conjunction with insufficient insulin secretion results in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), greatly increasing the risk for pregnancy complications and predisposing both mothers and offspring to future metabolic disease. Here, we report a signaling pathway connecting pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPPA) with adipose tissue expansion in pregnancy. Adipose tissue plays a central role in the regulation of insulin sensitivity, and we show that, in both mice and humans, pregnancy caused remodeling of adipose tissue evidenced by altered adipocyte size, vascularization, and in vitro expansion capacity. PAPPA is known to be a metalloprotease secreted by human placenta that modulates insulin-like growth factor (IGF) bioavailability through prolteolysis of IGF binding proteins (IGFBPs) 2, 4, and 5. We demonstrate that recombinant PAPPA can stimulate ex vivo human adipose tissue expansion in an IGFBP-5- and IGF-1-dependent manner. Moreover, mice lacking PAPPA displayed impaired adipose tissue remodeling, pregnancy-induced insulin resistance, and hepatic steatosis, recapitulating multiple aspects of human GDM. In a cohort of 6361 pregnant women, concentrations of circulating PAPPA are inversely correlated with glycemia and odds of developing GDM. These data identify PAPPA and the IGF signaling pathway as necessary for the regulation of maternal adipose tissue physiology and systemic glucose homeostasis, with consequences for long-term metabolic risk and potential for therapeutic use.
Higher than expected prevalence of abnormal liver tests without underlying liver disease diagnosis identified among consecutive pregnancies$$$ Background: There has been an increasing recognition of liver disease in women of childbearing age but liver tests are not routinely recommended during pregnancy care Elevated ALT is considered abnormal in pregnancy We prospectively evaluated consecutive samples from pregnant women presenting to labor and delivery (L&D) for ALT <25, ≥25, ≥50, ≥125, and ≥250 U/L. Methods: ALT was measured on discarded blood samples of consecutive L&D admissions both antepartum and at time of delivery at a high-volume obstetrics hospital in New York City over a 2 month period Patient characteristics including presence of chronic liver disease and pregnancy-specific liver disease between patients with normal and abnormal ALT were evaluated Predictors of elevated ALT in women without known liver disease were evaluated using logistic regression Results: Samples were collected from 996 patients; 1024 ALT values recorded. 131 (13.2%) had a peak ALT ≥ 25 IU/L; 20 (2%) had ALT ≥ 50 IU/L; 6 (0.6%) had ALT >125, and 3 (0.3%) had ALT >250. Among women with ALT ≥ 25, 105/131 (80%) were tested at delivery (with 13 (10%) during preterm delivery) and 26 (20%) from women tested for an antepartum admission Among women with ALT ≥ 25 identified in the study, 61/131 (47%) had not been tested during routine prenatal care; 20 (15%) had pre-eclampsia, 1 (0 8%) had hepatitis C, 5 (4%) had intrahepatic cholestasis (ICP) of pregnancy, 9 (7%) had gestational diabetes; there were no women with diagnosed nonalcoholic fatty liver disease Maternal age, race, ethnicity, marital status, and insurance status, gestational diabetes status were similar between ALT≥25 and ALT< 25 groups. Among women with ALT 50-124, 125-249, and >250, 29%, 100%, and 67% had liver disease diagnoses. Excluding those with a known diagnosis of liver disease, 107/910 (11 8%) had an ALT ≥ 25, with similar demographic features to women with ALT<25 (Table 1) In women without diagnosed liver disease, there was a trend towards an association of ALT ≥ 25 with every 5 pound pregnancy weight gain (OR 1 23; 95% CI 0 97, 1 55), despite no association with pre-pregnancy BMI (OR 1 00; 95% CI 0 95, 1 06) There was no association with race, age, ethnicity, or timing of delivery Conclusion: We identified a higher than previously reported prevalence of abnormal ALT in pregnancy (13 2%) Only 20% of women with abnormal ALT were associated with a recognized etiology (i e viral hepatitis, ICP, PE), however, the majority of women with elevated ALT did not have any recognized liver-related diagnosis, or have liver tests checked during routine care Among those without diagnosed liver disease, pregnancy weight gain trended towards association with ALT ≥ 25 IU/L, suggesting steatosis during pregnancy as a potential contributor to abnormal ALT Further evaluation of the role of ALT testing as part of routine prenatal care is needed, particularly in establishing baseline prevalence of liver test abnormalities during pregnancy. (Table Presented).
Prevalence and predictors of NAFLD in pregnant women$$$ Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) affects ∼15-17% of U S women of reproductive age, with prevalence rising, and is the leading indication for liver transplant in women Prevalence and associated risk factors for NAFLD during pregnancy are not well defined, although a recent retrospective study suggested an association with adverse pregnancy outcomes We sought to prospectively characterize the prevalence and associated risk factors of NAFLD among pregnant women at a high-volume obstetrics center Methods: Consecutive pregnant women were consented for liver ultrasound (US) at the time of routine prenatal anatomy scan, typically done at 18-22 weeks' gestation Liver US performed by trained obstetric sonographers were reviewed for grading of hepatic steatosis by a blinded radiologist We compared demographic and clinical characteristics between those with and without steatosis on US and performed univariable and multivariable logistic regression to determine predictors of steatosis US screening was compared to other lab-based NAFLD scoring systems including Hepatic Steatosis Index (HSI), NAFLD fibrosis score (NFS), and FIB-4 using baseline labs (1-year pre-pregnancy through 1st trimester) Results: We obtained satisfactory liver US on 383 patients in 4 months Median time to obtain images was 41 seconds Median age was 28 (IQR 9), 219 (58%) were Hispanic, 162 (42%) nulliparous 53 (14%) had steatosis on US (47 grade 1, 4 grade 2, 2 grade 3); 18% of Hispanic patients had steatosis 86% of those with steatosis on US had HSI≥36 vs. 54% without steatosis (p<0.01). There were no significant differences in NAFLD fibrosis score or FIB-4 between those with and without steatosis Of those with steatosis, 1 had a previous diagnosis of NAFLD Patients with steatosis had higher median BMI (29 1 vs 26 6, p<0 01) and were more likely to be Hispanic (75 5% vs 55 4%, p<0 01) They were also more likely to have chronic hypertension (17% vs 6 5%, p<0 01), type 2 diabetes (DM2) (7 6% vs 2 1%, p=0 03), autoimmune thyroid disease (13 2% vs 1 5%, p<0 01) and pregnancy history of gestational diabetes (23 1% vs 6 2%, p=0 01 ) On multivariable regression, DM2, Hispanic ethnicity, BMI ≥25, and autoimmune thyroid disease were associated with steatosis (Table 1) Conclusion: NAFLD prevalence among pregnant women in this prospective USbased study was 14%, similar to reports in non-pregnant women of reproductive age Most had no prior diagnosis of NAFLD, highlighting a unique opportunity to identify and link women to specialized care Integrating liver US into obstetric care was feasible and effective in identifying women with NAFLD There should be higher suspicion for undiagnosed NAFLD particularly among Hispanic women and those with BMI≥25, DM2 or thyroid disease. Additional research should be done to explore longitudinal changes in NAFLD diagnosis and severity during pregnancy and influence on postpartum outcomes.
One year’s treatment with the glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonist liraglutide decreases hepatic fat content in women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and prior gestational diabetes mellitus in a randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) is associated with increased risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Treatment with glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) receptor agonists has shown beneficial effects in NAFLD patients. We evaluated the effect of the GLP-1 analogue liraglutide on NAFLD features in women with pGDM. Eighty-two overweight/obese, nondiabetic women with pGDM were included. We performed abdominal ultrasound, transient elastography with controlled attenuation parameter (CAP), and blood sampling at baseline and after 1 year. Thirty-seven women were randomized to liraglutide (1.8 mg once-daily) and 45 to placebo. Based on the ultrasound scan, 18 women (22%) had ultrasound-verified NAFLD at baseline and of these, 10 (56%) received liraglutide treatment. After 1 year, eight participants no longer had steatosis, four in each treatment group. The number of participants who developed NAFLD was similar in the two treatment groups; five in the liraglutide group and six in the placebo group (p = 0.74). Compared to placebo, liraglutide reduced the CAP-assessed intrahepatic fat content (−28 (−44;−11) vs. 2 (−13;18) dB/m, p < 0.01) and body weight (−4.7 (−6.4;−2.9) vs. −1.4 (−3;0.3) kg, p < 0.01). One-year’s liraglutide treatment had no effect on the presence of ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD in overweight/obese nondiabetic women with pGDM, but reduced body weight and steatosis assessed by transient elastography with CAP.
The risk of pregnancy-associated hypertension in women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Background & Aims: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is an independent predictor of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in non-pregnant adults. Although the biological mechanisms underlying this association are not completely understood, metabolic factors, inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction are likely all involved. The association between NAFLD and pregnancy-associated hypertension (HTN) has not been systematically examined. The aim of this study is to assess the risk of pregnancy-associated HTN in pregnant women with NAFLD. Methods: This is secondary analysis of a prospective study of healthy pregnant women. Liver ultrasonography was performed at 10-14 weeks of gestation and maternal blood was taken for the measurement of selenoprotein P (SeP), a hepatokine independently associated with both NAFLD and CVD. Pregnancy-associated HTN was defined as the development of gestational HTN, preeclampsia, or eclampsia. Results: Among 877 pregnant women, the risk of developing pregnancy-associated HTN was significantly increased in women with NAFLD compared to those without NAFLD. Grade 2-3 steatosis was a significant predictor of pregnancy-associated HTN, even after adjustment for metabolic risk factors. Circulating levels of SeP were significantly higher in women with versus those without NAFLD (P =.001) and was significantly higher also in women who subsequently developed pregnancy-associated HTN compared with those who did not (P '.005). Conclusions: Sonographic evidence of NAFLD at 10-14 weeks is an independent predictor of pregnancy-associated HTN. Circulating levels of SeP at that same gestational age are significantly increased in pregnant women with NAFLD who subsequently develop pregnancy-associated HTN.
Implications of abnormal liver function in pregnancy and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Elevated liver enzyme levels can sometimes be encountered in asymptomatic pregnant women. Similar to non-pregnant subjects, women with elevated gamma glutamyltransferase or alanine aminotransferase in early pregnancy have increased risk of subsequent complications, especially gestational diabetes mellitus. In non-pregnant subjects, the commonest cause of abnormal liver function currently is non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Risk factors include obesity, diabetes, and the metabolic syndrome. It can progress to hepatocellular carcinoma through the development of steatohepatitis, and has become the leading cause for liver transplantation in women. Found in as many as 16–18% of pregnant women, it is associated with an increased risk of pregnancy complications and abnormal foetal growth, which predisposes the offspring to the same problem subsequently. This condition probably explains the majority of the cases of “idiopathic” abnormal liver function in pregnancy, and should be looked out for in high-risk women owing to its implications on their long-term health outcome.
Exposure to gestational diabetes enriches immune-related pathways in the transcriptome and methylome of human amniocytes$$$ Context: Gestational diabetes (GDM) has profound effects on the intrauterine metabolic milieu and is linked to obesity and diabetes in offspring, but the mechanisms driving these effects remain largely unknown. Alterations in DNA methylation and gene expression in amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero represent a potential mechanism leading to metabolic dysfunction later in life. Objective: To profile changes in genome-wide DNA methylation and expression in human amniocytes exposed to GDM. Design: A nested case-control study (n = 14 pairs) was performed in amniocytes matched for offspring sex, maternal race/ethnicity, maternal age, gestational age at amniocentesis, and gestational age at birth. Sex-specific genome-wide DNA methylation analysis and RNA-sequencing were completed and differentially methylated regions (DMRs) and gene expression changes were identified. Ingenuity pathway analysis identified biologically relevant pathways enriched after GDM exposure. In silico high-throughput chromosome conformation capture (Hi-C) analysis identified potential chromatin interactions with DMRs. Results: Expression of interferon-stimulated genes was increased in GDM amniocytes, accounting for 6 of the top 10 altered genes (q < 0.05). Enriched biological pathways in GDM amniocytes included pathways involving inflammation, the interferon response, fatty liver disease, monogenic diabetes, and atherosclerosis. Forty-two DMRs were identified in male GDM-exposed amniocytes and 20 in female amniocyte analysis (q < 0.05). Hi-C analysis identified interactions between DMRs and 11 genes with significant expression changes in male amniocytes and 9 in female amniocytes (P < .05). Conclusion: In a unique repository of human amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero, transcriptome analysis identified enrichment of inflammation and interferon-related pathways and novel DMRs with potential distal regulatory functions. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 105: 1–15, 2020)
A traditional korean diet alters the expression of circulating micrornas linked to diabetes mellitus in a pilot trial$$$ The traditional Korean diet (K-diet) is considered to be healthy and circulating microRNAs (miRs) have been proposed as useful markers or targets in diet therapy. We, therefore, investigated the metabolic influence of the K-diet by evaluating the expression of plasma and salivary miRs. Ten women aged 50 to 60 years were divided into either a K-diet or control diet (a Westernized Korean diet) group. Subjects were housed in a metabolic unit-like condition during the two-week dietary intervention. Blood and saliva samples were collected before and after the intervention, and changes in circulating miRs were screened by an miR array and validated by individual RT-qPCRs. In the K-diet group, eight plasma miRs were down-regulated by array (p < 0.05), out of which two miRs linked to diabetes mellitus, hsa-miR26a-5p and hsa-miR126-3p, were validated (p < 0.05). Among five down-regulated salivary miRs, hsa-miR-92-3p and hsa-miR-122a-5p were validated, which are associated with diabetes mellitus, acute coronary syndrome and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. In the control diet group, validated were down-regulated plasma hsa-miR-25-3p and salivary hsa-miR-31-5p, which are associated with diabetes mellitus, adipogenesis and obesity. The K-diet may influence the metabolic conditions associated with diabetes mellitus, as evidenced by changes in circulating miRs, putative biomarkers for K-diet.
Genetic risk factors in metabolic fatty liver disease: Common risk factors for fatty liver disease, diabetes, and hyperlipidemia$$$ Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is closely associated with the metabolic syndrome and will be renamed metabolic-dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) according to an expert recommendation. MAFLD is the most common liver disease in Europe with a prevalence of 25% for the general population and over 50% in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 (T2DM). In recent years, genetic association studies have identified a number of gene variants that predispose to the development and progression of this disease. It is assumed that approximately 50% of the observed interindividual variation in liver fat content is determined by genetic factors. Of particular importance are the risk variants in the genes PNPLA3 (patatin-like phospholipase-containing 3), TM6SF2 (transmembrane 6 superfamily member 2), MBOAT7 (membrane bound O‑acyltransferase domain containing 7), GCKR (glucokinase regulator), and HSD17B13 (hydroxysteroid 17-beta-dehydrogenase 13). The risk for the development of steatosis, steatohepatitis, liver cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma mediated by these genetic variants has an additive effect. Whether knowledge of these risk variants will translate into an individualized surveillance and therapeutic strategy will have to be determined in the future. The overview article also summarizes pathophysiological effects of the risk gene variants in relation to other aspects of the metabolic syndrome such as T2DM and hyperlipidemia. The effect of the risk gene variants on metabolism increases with increasing body weight and underscores the mutual influence of MAFLD, T2DM, hyperlipidemia, and obesity.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes$$$ Background & Aims: The prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is rising in young adults, with potential implications for reproductive-aged women. Whether NAFLD during pregnancy confers more serious risks for maternal or perinatal health is unclear. Methods: Using weighted discharge data from the US national inpatient sample, we evaluated temporal trends of NAFLD in pregnancies after 20 weeks gestation, and compared outcomes to pregnancies with other chronic liver diseases (CLDs) or no CLD. Study outcomes included preterm birth, postpartum hemorrhage, hypertensive complications (pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and/or hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets syndrome), and maternal or fetal death. NAFLD prevalence was estimated by calendar year and temporal trends tested by linear regression. Outcomes were analyzed by logistic regression adjusted for age, race, multiple gestation, and pre-pregnancy diabetes, obesity, dyslipidemia and hypertension. Results: Among 18,574,225 pregnancies, 5,640 had NAFLD and 115,210 had other, non-NAFLD CLD. Pregnancies with NAFLD nearly tripled from 10.5/100,000 pregnancies in 2007 to 28.9/100,000 in 2015 (p <0.001). Compared to the other groups, patients with NAFLD during pregnancy more frequently experienced gestational diabetes (7–8% vs. 23%), hypertensive complications (4% vs. 16%), postpartum hemorrhage (3–5% vs. 6%), and preterm birth (5–7% vs. 9%), all p values ≤0.01. On adjusted analysis, compared to no CLD, NAFLD was associated with hypertensive complications, preterm birth, postpartum hemorrhage and possibly maternal (but not fetal) death. Conclusion: The prevalence of NAFLD in pregnancy has nearly tripled in the last decade and is independently associated with hypertensive complications, postpartum hemorrhage and preterm birth. NAFLD should be considered a high-risk obstetric condition, with clinical implications for pre-conception counseling and pregnancy care. Lay summary: The prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in pregnancy has almost tripled over the past 10 years. Having NAFLD during pregnancy increases risks for both the mother and the baby, including hypertensive complications of pregnancy, bleeding after delivery, and preterm birth. Thus, pre-conception counseling is warranted with consideration of high-risk obstetric management among women with NAFLD in pregnancy.
High burden of future liver disease in intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy patients$$$ Background and Aims: Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) occurs in 0.3% of all pregnancies and may be linked to future liver disease. There are currently no guidelines for liver follow up care for women with ICP. Using a cohort of women with ICP and controls, we investigated incidence, predictors, and time to future liver disease. Method: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of pregnant women with and without ICP who delivered between 2005–2009 at a community hospital in New York City with a high prevalence of ICP (2.5% of all deliveries). Women returning for care with liver function tests at a minimum 6 months post-partum were included in the analyses. We examined prevalence and time to the development of two outcomes: (1) ALT > 25 U/L (the upper limit of normal) and (2) diagnosis of liver disease (through imaging or clinical evaluation). Analyses were performed using Kaplan Meier methods and we fit Cox regression models. Results: We identified 255 women with ICP and 100 control patients who returned to care within the study period. Subjects in both groups were similar in median follow up time, median age at time of pregnancy, median pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and 80% or more of women in both groups identified as Hispanic. Adjusting for metabolic factors including ICP diagnosis, ethnicity, diabetes status, BMI, maternal age, ICP diagnosis and class A2 gestational diabetes (GDMA2) diagnosis are associated with increased incidence of ALT?> 25 U/L postpartum (HR 2.7, p < 0.0001 & HR 1.6, p = 0.02). For ICP and control women with ALT > 25 U/L, the median time to ALT?> 25 U/L was 4.4 & 11.9 years respectively (p < 0.0001). 60 (24%) ICP patients and 19 (19%) controls were diagnosed with liver disease, the most common disease diagnosis being NAFLD. Adjusting for metabolic factors listed above, ICP is associated 1.8 times increased incidence of liver disease (p = 0.031), advanced maternal age is associated with 2.0 times increased incidence (p = 0.026), and Hispanic ethnicity is associated with decreased incidence of liver disease (HR 0.61, p = 0.032). Conclusion: ICP diagnosis was found to be an important predictor of risk of future liver disease and abnormal liver tests. Women with pregnancies complicated by ICP, particularly those with GDMA2, and older than 35 at the time of ICP diagnosis could possibly benefit from surveillance for post-partum liver disease. [Table presented]
Elevated Alanine Aminotransferase in Early Pregnancy and Subsequent Development of Gestational Diabetes and Preeclampsia$$$ BACKGROUND: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is now considered as a hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome and elevated alanine aminotransferase (ALT) is commonly related to NAFLD in the absence of viral hepatitis or alcohol abuse. Previous studies have indicated that elevated ALT is associated with diabetes or metabolic syndrome in adults, but the clinical significance of ALT or NAFLD in pregnancy has not been well determined. The objective of this study was to determine the association between elevated ALT in early pregnancy and the development of gestational diabetes or preeclampsia in late pregnancy. METHODS: In this retrospective cohort study, pregnant women who met the following inclusion criteria were included: 1) singleton pregnancy; 2) ALT levels were measured in antenatal outpatient clinic at 4-20 weeks of gestation; 3) patients were screened for gestational diabetes and delivered in Cheil General Hospital and Women's Healthcare Center. Cases with viral hepatitis or other liver diseases were excluded. The early ALT levels were divided into two groups (normal ALT [≤ 95th percentile] and elevated ALT [> 95th percentile]), and the frequency of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia was compared between the two groups of cases. Gestational diabetes was screened and diagnosed by two-step procedure (50 g oral glucose challenge test and 75 g glucose challenge test with World Health Organization [WHO] criteria). RESULTS: A total of 2,322 women met the inclusion criteria. Cases with elevated early ALT levels (> 95th percentile) had a higher risk of subsequent gestational diabetes and preeclampsia (gestational diabetes by WHO criteria, 2.1% in normal ALT vs. 6.5% in elevated ALT, P < 0.01; preeclampsia, 1.0% in normal ALT vs. 4.1% in elevated ALT, P < 0.05). This relationship between elevated ALT and increased risk of gestational diabetes/preeclampsia remained significant after adjustment for maternal age and pre-pregnancy body mass index. CONCLUSION: Elevated unexplained ALT in early pregnancy is associated with the risk of subsequent development of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia in late pregnancy.
Gestational diabetes and maternal obesity are associated with sex-specific changes in miRNA and target gene expression in the fetus$$$ Background/objectives: Pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) or maternal obesity have been linked to the development of diabetes, obesity, and fatty liver disease later in life with sex-specific manifestations. Alterations in miRNA expression in offspring exposed to GDM and maternal obesity and effects on hepatic development are unknown. Here, we describe how exposure to maternal obesity in utero leads to sex-specific changes in miRNA and target gene expression in human fetal liver. Methods: Candidate miRNA expression was measured in second trimester amniotic fluid (AF) from women with GDM. Targets of differentially expressed miRNAs were determined and pathway enrichment of target genes was performed. MiRNA and target gene expression were measured in a separate cohort of second trimester primary human fetal hepatocytes (PHFH) exposed to maternal obesity via qPCR and western blot. All studies were IRB approved. Results: GDM-exposed AF had significant increases in miRNAs 199a-3p, 503-5p, and 1268a (fold change (FC) ≥ 1.5, p < 0.05). Female offspring-specific analysis showed enrichment in miRNAs 378a-3p, 885-5p, and 7-1-3p (p < 0.05). MiRNA gene targets were enriched in hepatic pathways. Key genes regulating de novo lipogenesis were upregulated in obesity-exposed PHFH, especially in males. Significantly altered miRNAs in GDM AF were measured in obese-exposed PHFH, with consistent increases in miRNAs 885-5p, 199-3p, 503-5p, 1268a, and 7-1-3p (FC ≥ 1.5, p < 0.05). Female PHFH exposed to maternal obesity had increased expression of miR-885-5p, miR-199-3p, miR-503-5p, miR-1268s, and miR-7-1-3p (p < 0.05), corresponding to decreased target genes expression for ABCA1, PAK4, and INSR. In male PHFHs, no miRNA changes were measured but there was increased expression of ABCA1, PAK4, and INSR (p < 0.05). Conclusions: Our data suggest sex-specific changes in miRNA and gene expression in PHFH may be one mechanism contributing to the sexual dimorphism of metabolic disease in offspring exposed to GDM and maternal obesity in utero.
Maternal Exercise Improves High-Fat Diet-Induced Metabolic Abnormalities and Gut Microbiota Profiles in Mouse Dams and Offspring$$$ Early-life overnutrition programs increased risks of metabolic disorders in adulthood. Regular exercise has been widely accepted to be an effective measure to maintain metabolic health. However, the intergenerational effects of maternal exercise and the specific mechanism are largely unclear. Our objective was to investigate whether maternal exercise could alleviate the metabolic disturbances induced by early-life overnutrition in both dams and offspring and to explore the role of gut microbiota in mediating the effects. C57BL/6 female mice were randomly divided into three groups: the control group, which were fed a normal control diet; high-fat group, which received a high-fat diet; and high-fat with exercise intervention group, which was fed a high-fat diet and received a voluntary wheel running training. The diet intervention started from 3 weeks prior to mating and lasted throughout pregnancy and lactation. The exercise intervention was only prior to and during pregnancy. The male offspring got free access to normal chow diet from weaning to 24 weeks of age. Glucose tolerance test and biochemical parameters were detected in dams at weaning and offspring at 8 and 24 weeks of age. Their cecal contents were collected for the 16 s rDNA amplicon sequencing. The results showed that maternal high-fat diet resulted in significant glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and lipid profiles disorders in both dams and offspring. Maternal exercise markedly improved insulin sensitivity in dams and metabolic disorders in offspring from young into adulthood. The decrease in unfavorable bacteria and the persistent enrichment of short-chain fatty acids-producers from mothers to adult offspring, particularly the genus Odoribacter, were all associated with the improvement of metabolism by maternal exercise. Overall, maternal exercise could significantly mitigate the detrimental effects of a maternal high-fat diet on metabolism in both dams and male offspring. The continuous alterations in gut microbiota might be a critical factor in deciphering the metabolic benefits of maternal exercise, which provides some novel evidence and targets for combating metabolic diseases.
Effects of Overweight and Obesity in Pregnancy on Health of the Offspring$$$ Overweight and obesity in pregnancy confer a wide range of risks on mother, fetus, and offspring throughout their lives. In addition to compounding many common pregnancy complications, including both iatrogenic preterm delivery and cesarean delivery, obesity is associated with multiple fetal anomalies, metabolic sequelae including diabetes and obesity, allergy and asthma, attention-deficit disorder, and likely many other challenges for the offspring. As targeted interventions are being developed, encouraging solid nutrition and exercise in women of childbearing age may stave off risks and mitigate obesity in the next generation.
Semantic text mining in early drug discovery for type 2 diabetes$$$ Background Surveying the scientific literature is an important part of early drug discovery; and with the ever-increasing amount of biomedical publications it is imperative to focus on the most interesting articles. Here we present a project that highlights new understanding (e.g. recently discovered modes of action) and identifies potential drug targets, via a novel, data-driven text mining approach to score type 2 diabetes (T2D) relevance. We focused on monitoring trends and jumps in T2D relevance to help us be timely informed of important breakthroughs. Methods We extracted over 7 million n-grams from PubMed abstracts and then clustered around 240,000 linked to T2D into almost 50,000 T2D relevant 'semantic concepts'. To score papers, we weighted the concepts based on co-mentioning with core T2D proteins. A protein's T2D relevance was determined by combining the scores of the papers mentioning it in the five preceding years. Each week all proteins were ranked according to their T2D relevance. Furthermore, the historical distribution of changes in rank from one week to the next was used to calculate the significance of a change in rank by T2D relevance for each protein. Results We show that T2D relevant papers, even those not mentioning T2D explicitly, were prioritised by relevant semantic concepts. Well known T2D proteins were therefore enriched among the top scoring proteins. Our 'high jumpers' identified important past developmentsin the apprehension of how certain key proteins relate to T2D, indicating that our method will make us aware of future breakthroughs. In summary, this project facilitated keeping up with current T2D research by repeatedly providing short lists of potential novel targets into our early drug discovery pipeline.
Continuous glucose monitor predicts glycemic variability in high-risk individuals with HbA1c <5.7%$$$ Objective: Glycemic variability (GV) and 1 hour plasma glucose (1-h PG) ≥ 8.6 mmol/L during a 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) are associated with increased risk for type 2 diabetes (T2D). GV may be overlooked in high-risk individuals. The objectives of this study are: (1) to determine if continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) using the Abbott Freestyle Libre Pro can replace the OGTT in high-risk subjects with HbA1c < 5.7%; and (2) to determine if GV indices correlate with the OGTT-derived 1-h PG ≥ 8.6 mmol/L. Methods: Subjects were recruited with a HbA1c < 5.7% and at least one other risk factor including: overweight or obesity, PCOS, fatty liver, hypertension, family history of T2D, or history of gestational diabetes. The CGM, placed days prior to the OGTT, was worn up to 14 days. Anthropometric and vital signs were measured. HbA1c, fasting, 1-h and 2-h PG levels during an OGTT were obtained. Results: The 1-h PG correlated significantly with CGM glucose levels (r=0.883, p<0.001) and GV indices: mean amplitude of glucose excursions (MAGE) (r=0.665,p=0.006), lability index (LI) (r=0.601, p=0.014), and high blood glucose index (HBGI) (r=0.743, p=0.001) (Table 1). Conclusions: The 1-h CGM glucose and elevated GV indices significantly correlate with 1-h PG (> 8.6 mmol/L) in high-risk subjects with HbA1c < 5.7%. CGM could potentially replace the OGTT for detecting early dysglycemia in those with HbA1c < 5.7%. (Figure Presented).
HIGH BURDEN OF FUTURE LIVER DISEASE IN INTRAHEPATIC CHOLESTASIS OF PREGNANCY PATIENTS$$$ Background and Aims: Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) occurs in 0.3% of all pregnancies and may be linked to future liver disease. There are currently no guidelines for liver follow up care for women with ICP. Using a cohort of women with ICP and controls, we investigated incidence, predictors, and time to future liver disease. Method: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of pregnant women with and without ICP who delivered between 2005 to 2009 at a community hospital in New York City with a high prevalence of ICP (2.5% of all deliveries). Women returning for care with liver function tests at a minimum 6 months post-partum were included in the analyses. We examined prevalence and time to the development of two outcomes: (1) ALT> 25 U/L (the upper limit of normal) and (2) diagnosis of liver disease (through imaging or clinical evaluation). Analyses were performed using Kaplan Meier methods and we fit Cox regression models. Results: We identified 255 women with ICP and 100 control patients who returned to care within the study period. Subjects in the ICP and control group were similar in median follow up time (9.1 vs. 9.4 years), median age at time of pregnancy (26 vs. 28 years), median pre-pregnancy body mass index (25.3 vs. 25.5 kg/m^2) and 80% or more of women in both groups identified as Hispanic. Adjusting for metabolic factors including ICP diagnosis, ethnicity, diabetes status, body mass index (BMI), maternal age, ICP diagnosis and class A2 gestational diabetes (GDMA2) diagnosis are associated with increased incidence of ALT>25 U/L postpartum (HR 2.7, p<.0001 & HR 1.6, p= 0.02). For ICP and control women with ALT>25 U/L, the median time to ALT>25 U/L was 4.4 & 11.9 years respectively (p <.0001). 60 (24%) ICP patients and 19 (19%) controls were diagnosed with liver disease, the most common disease diagnosis being NAFLD. Adjusting for metabolic factors listed above, ICP is associated 1.8 times increased incidence of liver disease (p=0.031), advanced maternal age is associated with 2.0 times increased incidence (p= 0.026), and Hispanic ethnicity is associated with decreased incidence of liver disease (HR 0.61, p=0.032). Conclusion: ICP diagnosis was found to be an important predictor of risk of future liver disease and abnormal liver tests. Women with pregnancies complicated by ICP, particularly those with GDMA2, and older than 35 at the time of ICP diagnosis could possibly benefit from surveillance for post-partum liver disease.
1004 PREGNANCIES WITH CIRRHOSIS ARE RISING AND ASSOCIATED WITH ADVERSE MATERNAL AND FETAL OUTCOMES$$$ Background: The incidence of cirrhosis is increasing in young women, which may have implications on reproductive health. It is unclear whether the rate of pregnancy with cirrhosis is rising or whether cirrhosis confers more serious maternal and fetal risks. Methods: Using weighted data from the United States National Inpatient Sample (NIS), we evaluated temporal trends of pregnancy with cirrhosis from 2007-2016. Data from 2012-2016 (due to a change in hospital sampling in 2012) was used to determine the association of cirrhosis with maternal and fetal outcomes as compared to pregnancies with non-cirrhotic chronic liver disease (CLD) or no CLD. Diagnoses were captured from discharge records from time of delivery event using ICD-9 and 10 codes. Pregnancies with cirrhosis were estimated by calendar year and temporal trends tested by linear regression. The association of cirrhosis with study outcomes was analyzed by logistic regression accounting for NIS sample design, adjusted for age, race, multiple gestation, and pre-pregnancy diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and obesity. Results: The rate of pregnancies with cirrhosis more than doubled from 2.5/100,000 in 2007 to 6.6/100,000 in 2016 (p=0.02) (FIGURE). There were 18,573,070 deliveries from 2012-2016; 915 had cirrhosis (mean age 32, 62% white), 120,185 had non-cirrhotic CLD (mean age 30, 57% white), and 18,451,970 with no CLD (mean age 29, 54% white). The most common etiologies of cirrhosis were viral hepatitis (51%), autoimmune (21%), other/mixed (14%), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (8%). Hepatic decompensation (i.e. variceal hemorrhage, ascites, hepatic encephalopathy) occurred in 165/915 (18%) of pregnancies with cirrhosis. Gestational hypertension (12% vs 4%, p=0.03) and post-partum hemorrhage (27% vs 7%, p<0.001) were more common among pregnancies with decompensated vs compensated cirrhosis. Compared to non-cirrhotic CLD or no CLD, pregnancies with cirrhosis had more hypertensive complications (pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, or hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet syndrome) (16% vs 4%), cesarean section (55% vs 33-37%), post-partum hemorrhage (11% vs 3-5%), and maternal death (1% vs 0.01-0.03%), p values <0.001. Pregnancies with cirrhosis also had more gestational diabetes (13% vs 7-9%, p=0.07), pre-term birth (16% vs 5-7%, p<0.001), and fetal death (3% vs 1%, p=0.001) vs other groups. On adjusted analysis, cirrhosis remained associated with notable maternal and fetal risks, including hypertensive complications, post-partum hemorrhage, and pre-term birth (TABLE). Conclusions: The rate of cirrhosis in pregnancy has more than doubled over the past 10 years. While maternal death is uncommon, other serious maternal and fetal risks are higher. Portal hypertension should be optimally managed prior to conception, with subsequent multidisciplinary management throughout pregnancy.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes$$$ AIMS & BACKGROUND: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is rising in young adults, with potential implications for reproductive-aged women. Whether NAFLD during pregnancy confers more serious risks for maternal or perinatal health is unclear. METHODS: Using weighted discharge data from the United States National Inpatient Sample, we evaluated temporal trends of NAFLD in pregnancies after 20 weeks gestation, and compared outcomes to pregnancies with other chronic liver diseases (CLD) or no CLD. Study outcomes included pre-term birth, postpartum hemorrhage, hypertensive complications (pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and/or hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets syndrome), and maternal or fetal death. NAFLD prevalence was estimated by calendar year and temporal trends tested by linear regression. Outcomes were analyzed by logistic regression adjusted for age, race, multiple gestation, and pre-pregnancy diabetes, obesity, dyslipidemia and hypertension. RESULTS: Among 18,574,225 pregnancies, 5,640 had NAFLD and 115,210 had other, non-NAFLD CLD. Pregnancies with NAFLD nearly tripled from 10.5/100,000 pregnancies in 2007 to 28.9/100,000 in 2015 (p<.001). NAFLD versus other groups had more gestational diabetes (23% vs 7-8%), hypertensive complications (16% vs 4%), postpartum hemorrhage (6 vs 3-5%), and pre-term birth (9% vs 5-7%), p values < 0.01. On adjusted analysis, compared to no CLD, NAFLD was associated with hypertensive complications (OR 3.1, 95% CI 2.6-3.8, p<.001), pre-term birth (OR 1.6, 95% CI 1.3-2.0, p<.001), postpartum hemorrhage (OR 1.7, 95% CI 1.3-2.2) and possibly maternal (OR 17.8, 95% CI 2.1-149 p=.01), but not fetal death (p=.90). CONCLUSION: NAFLD in pregnancy has nearly tripled in the last decade and is independently associated with hypertensive complications, postpartum hemorrhage and pre-term birth. NAFLD should be considered a high-risk obstetric condition, with clinical implications for pre-conception counseling and pregnancy care.
Difference in Risk Factors Between Adults with Early Onset (<40 Years Old) Versus Late Onset (≥40 Years Old) Diabetes Mellitus Type 2 at the University of Santo Tomas Hospital from January 2015-December 2017$$$ INTRODUCTION: Diabetes will remain a threat to global health. The global burden of type 2 diabetes mellitus is significant and rising, with most of the increase occurring in the last two decades. While most of the rise in the prevalence of Type 2 diabetes mellitus occurs in the middle-aged and the elderly, it is becoming more common in younger patients. No longer just a disorder of mature age, there is now a well-recognized trend toward younger people presenting with the disease. METHODS: This was a cross sectional study of medical records of adult patients at the University of Santo Tomas Hospital who met the inclusion criteria from January 2015 to December 2017. The subjects were divided into early onset (<40 years of age) and the late onset (≥40 years of age) group. Mean, standard deviation, counts and percentages were used to summarize data. The mean values of continuous variables between the two groups were analyzed using the independent sample t-test while categorical variables were analyzed using Chi square test. Logistic regression analysis was used to determine the association of age of onset and duration of diabetes to its complications. RESULTS: The mean age for the early onset group was 34 years old, while that of the late onset group was 51 years old. No gender predilection was observed in both groups. The subjects of the early onset group were mostly obese as compared to the late onset group who were mostly overweight. Both groups were mostly smokers, and had a positive family history with an almost equal proportion of females having a history of gestational diabetes. The early onset group had higher hba1c and worse lipid profiles upon diagnosis. The most common comorbid illnesses observed in both groups include hypertension, dyslipidemia, fatty liver and metabolic syndrome. In terms of macrovascular complications, the frequency of myocardial infarction was higher in the late onset group. For the microvascular complications, the proportion of retinopathy was higher in the early onset group while the frequency of neuropathy was higher in the late onset group. Lastly, for both groups, the duration of diabetes was associated with microvascular complications such that for every year increase in the duration of diabetes, patients were more likely to develop retinopathy and neuropathy. CONCLUSION: The mean age of Filipinos with early onset diabetes were at least 5 years younger as compared to Caucasians. Moreover, they were more obese, had worse lipid profiles and higher Hba1C levels. Among the macrovascular and microvascular complications, a higher proportion of the late onset group had peripheral neuropathy and had history of myocardial infarction while retinopathy was more prevalent in the early onset group. Lastly, for every year increase in the duration of diabetes, patients were more likely to develop retinopathy and neuropathy.
Relationship between non-alcoholic fatty liver disease during pregnancy and abnormal glucose metabolism during and after pregnancy$$$ While non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) in non-pregnant patients, the clinical significance of NAFLD during pregnancy is still unclear. We hypothesized that sonographic findings of NAFLD during pregnancy would be associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and predict abnormal postpartum glucose metabolism. NAFLD was assessed by ultrasound during and after pregnancy. Standard 2-hour 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was used during pregnancy and post partum to establish GDM and the diagnosis of normal, impaired fasting glucose, or DM. We also measured plasma insulin, C peptide, and free fatty acids (FFA) concentration during an OGTT to evaluate glucose tolerance, insulin secretion and insulin resistance. Of the 84 subjects, 12 had sonographic evidence of NAFLD (5 of whom had OGTT post partum). There was a non-significant trend toward higher mean weight and body mass index during and after gestation in the NAFLD group, but no statistically significant differences in mean age, ethnicity, prepregnancy and postpregnancy hemoglobin A1C values, and postpartum levels of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), glucose, insulin, or FFA. We did not find an association between sonographic evidence of NAFLD during the third trimester of pregnancy and abnormal glucose metabolism during or after pregnancy. This study also suggests that while AST and ALT are not reliable diagnostic tools for NAFLD during the postpartum period, ultrasound is a reasonably safe, practical, and cost-effective modality to assess maternal hepatic fat during pregnancy.
NAFLD at the interface of the mother-infant dyad$$$ This review aims to focus the links existing between several aspects of the mother-child dyad in the intricate playground of obesity and Metabolic Syndrome (MetS), including its hepatic component, the Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD). In recent years human and animal model studies have shown that dietary interventions in mothers and offspring can be successful in reducing the risk of NAFLD development. Evidences also concern the new concept of a real intergenerational transmission of predisposition to metabolic disorders. Certain genes, such as SIRT1 and PNPLA3, and some epigenetic modifications, including micro RNAs function, seem to be responsible for fetal reprogramming in the setting of maternal obesity. These modifiers appear to be potential therapeutic targets to reduce the risk of future metabolic dysfunctions. Controlling antepartum hyperglycemia, preventing gestational diabetes, and avoiding excessive weight gain during pregnancy can help reduce the relentless epidemic of childhood obesity and NAFLD. Also, the composition of the intestinal microbiota seems to be related to the development of metabolic disorders in the offspring. Several studies show that breastfed infants have a microbial signature different from formula-fed infants. Much interestingly, prolonged breastfeeding is beneficial not only for the newborn and his health in adult life, but also for the mothers’ health. Maternal benefits include reducing the risk of developing chronic diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, myocardial infarction and NAFLD as well. In conclusion, all above mechanisms appear to intervene synergistically and may act as modifiable risk factors for infant and mother NAFLD.
532: Influences of prepregnancy liver function on the incidence of gestational diabetes needing insulin treatment$$$ Objective: Elevated liver enzymes, attributed to nonalcoholic fatty liver, is associated with later development of type 2 diabetes mellitus. The objective of this study was to assess whether prepregnancy liver enzyme levels are associated with subsequent risk of gestational diabetes mellitus needing insulin treatment (GDM+IT). Study Design: Data from a total of 325,208 women who participated in the National Health Screening Examination (NHSE) between 2009 and 2017 and delivered their babies within one year of the NHSE were analyzed. Women were categorized by prepregnancy g-glutamyl transferase (GGT), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) levels. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to obtain odds ratios (ORs) to estimate the relative risk of GDM+IT in relation to prepregnancy GGT, ALT, and AST levels, after adjusting variables. Results: Approximately 0.65% women developed GDM+IT. Being in the highest quartile versus the lowest quartile of GGT and ALT levels were associated with increased risks of subsequent GDM+IT (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.111 [95% CI 1.81–2.463] and aOR 1.838 [95% CI 1.577-2.143], respectively), after adjusting for age, smoking status, alcohol use, physical exercise, prepregnancy BMI, income level, metabolic status, and family history of diabetes. High GGT (≥ 19 U/L) and ALT (≥ 18 U/L) levels before pregnancy were significantly associated with increased odds of GDM+IT, regardless of BMI or metabolic syndrome. GGT ≥ 19 U/L before pregnancy was associated with significantly increased odds of GDM+IT (aOR 1.831 [95% CI 1.62, 2.07]) among women with a prepregnancy BMI < 25 kg/m2, and (aOR 1.887 [95% CI 1.671, 2.132]) among women without metabolic syndrome. Conclusion: Pregravid ALT or GGT level, but not AST level, predicted the subsequent risk of GDM+IT. Markers of liver fat accumulation, such as GGT or ALT level, are present years before pregnancy and may help to identify women at increased risk for subsequent GDM+IT, even in non-obese or metabolically healthy women. [Formula presented]
Adipokines: A rainbow of proteins with metabolic and endocrine functions$$$ Obesity represents one of the most important health problems worldwide with increas-ing morbidity and mortality. Widespread prevalence of this disease justifies its actual definition of a “global epidemic”. Adipose tissue is nowadays considered a complex organ with lots of endocrine and metabolic functions. In addition to fulfilling its task for energy storage and thermal regulation, by virtue of its constituent white and brown cells, adipose tissue represents, considering its size, the biggest endocrine gland in the body. Both adipocytes and surrounding resident cells (macrophages, endothelial cells and others) produce a huge number of molecules, or adipokines, with endocrine or paracrine functions, that regulate various aspects of metabolism whose clinical relevance is emerging. By balancing pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory effects, the adipokines control insulin sensitivity and related glucose metabolism changes, lipid accumulation in the liver and other organs, and finally gonadal function. Collectively, literature data remains cloudy because of still conflicting results of pre-clinical and clinical studies. The aim of this review was to summarize scientific evidence about adipokines’ effects on human metabolism, by focusing on their role on either Metabolic Syndrome and NAFLD, or insulin-resistance in pregnancy, or finally, reproductive function disorders.
Insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes in children$$$ Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is an emerging health risk in obese children and adolescents. Both environmental (lack of physical activity, excess nutritional intake, sedentary lifestyle) and genetic factors contribute to this global epidemic. The growing prevalence of T2D in youth is also associated with a consistently increased incidence of metabolic and cardiovascular complications. Insulin resistance (IR), i.e., whole-body decreased glucose uptake in response to physiological insulin levels, determines impaired glucose homeostasis and it is recognized as cardinal trigger of T2D and cardiovascular disease in both adults and children. In particular, IR and beta-cell dysfunction lead to the persistent hyperglycemia which characterizes T2D. Indeed, both pathological states influence each other and presumably play a crucial, synergistic role in the pathogenesis of T2D, although the precise mechanisms are not completely understood. However, beta-cell dysfunction and IR induce impaired glucose metabolism, thus leading to the progression to T2D. Therefore, understanding the mechanisms correlated with the decline of beta-cell function and IR is crucial in order to control, prevent, and treat T2D in youth. This review focuses on the current knowledge regarding IR and T2D in children and adolescents and showcases interesting opportunities and stimulating challenges for the development of new preventative approaches and therapeutic strategies for young patients with T2D.
High plasmatic levels of advanced glycation end products are associated with metabolic alterations and insulin resistance in preeclamptic women$$$ Aims: The purpose of this study was to investigate the association between plasmatic levels of advanced end glycation products (AGEs) and the metabolic profile in subjects diagnosed with preeclampsia, due to the known relation of these molecules with oxidative stress and inflammation, which in turn are related with PE pathogenesis. Background: It has been reported that increased levels of AGEs are observed in patients with preeclampsia as compared with healthy pregnant subjects, which was mainly associated with oxidative stress and inflammation. Besides, in women with preeclampsia, there are metabolic changes such as hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia, among others, that are associated with an exacerbated insulin resistance. Additionally, some parameters indicate the alteration of hepatic function, such as increased levels of liver enzymes. However, the relationship of levels of AGEs with altered lipidic, hepatic, and glucose metabolism parameters in preeclampsia has not been evaluated. Objective: To investigate the association between plasmatic levels of AGEs and hepatic, lipid, and metabolic profiles in women diagnosed with preeclampsia. Methods: Plasma levels of AGEs were determined by a competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) in 15 patients diagnosed with preeclampsia and 28 normoevolutive pregnant subjects (control group). Hepatic (serum creatinine, gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase, aspartate transaminase, alanine transaminase, uric acid, and lactate dehydrogenase), lipid (apolipoprotein A, apolipoprotein B, total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoproteins, and high-density lipoproteins), and metabolic variables (glucose, insulin, and insulin resistance) were assessed. Results: Plasmatic levels of AGEs were significantly higher in patients with preeclampsia as compared with the control. A positive correlation between circulating levels of AGEs and gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase, uric acid, glucose, insulin, and HOMA-IR levels was found in patients with preeclampsia. In conclusion, circulating levels of AGEs were higher in patients with preeclampsia than those observed in healthy pregnant subjects. Besides, variables of hepatic and metabolic profile, particularly those related to insulin resistance, were higher in preeclampsia as compared with healthy pregnant subjects. Interestingly, there is a positive correlation between AGEs levels and insulin resistance. Conclusions: Circulating levels of AGEs were higher in patients with preeclampsia than those observed in healthy pregnant subjects. Besides, hepatic and metabolic profiles, particularly those related to insulin resistance, were higher in preeclampsia as compared with healthy pregnant subjects. Interestingly, there is a positive correlation between AGEs levels and insulin resistance, suggesting that excessive glycation and an impaired metabolic profile contribute to the physiopathology of preeclampsia.
The effects of myo-inositol and probiotic supplementation in a high-fat-fed preclinical model of glucose intolerance in pregnancy$$$ Glucose intolerance during pregnancy - a major driver of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) - has significant short- and long-term health consequences for both the mother and child. As GDM prevalence continues to escalate, there is growing need for preventative strategies. There is limited but suggestive evidence that myo-inositol (MI) and probiotics (PB) could improve glucose tolerance during pregnancy. The present study tested the hypothesis that MI and/or PB supplementation would reduce the risk of glucose intolerance during pregnancy. Female C57BL/6 mice were randomised to receive either no treatment, MI, PB (Lactobacillus rhamnosus and Bifidobacterium lactis) or both (MIPB) for 5 weeks. They were then provided with a high-fat diet for 1 week before mating commenced and throughout mating/gestation, while remaining on their respective treatments. An oral glucose tolerance test occurred at gestational day (GD) 16·5 and tissue collection at GD 18·5. Neither MI nor PB, separately or combined, improved glucose tolerance. However, MI and PB both independently increased adipose tissue expression of Ir, Irs1, Akt2 and Pck1, and PB also increased Pparγ. MI was associated with reduced gestational weight gain, whilst PB was associated with increased maternal fasting glucose, total cholesterol and pancreas weight. These results suggest that MI and PB may improve insulin intracellular signalling in adipose tissue but this did not translate to meaningful differences in glucose tolerance. The absence of fasting hyperglycaemia or insulin resistance suggests this is a very mild model of GDM, which may have affected our ability to assess the impact of these nutrients.
Adipose tissue extracellular vesicles from women with gestational diabetes exhibit tissue-specific suppression of insulin signaling$$$ Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased maternal risk of for Type 2 diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease later in life and obese women are at particularly high risk. Extracellular vesicles (EVs) are a relatively new class of adipokines that have been shown to modulate metabolism in distant tissues. Women with GDM have an increase in circulating EVs and thus it is possible that adipose tissue EVs (ATEVs) could contribute to this increased circulating pool of EVs and worsen insulin resistance. We hypothesized that ATEVs from obese women with GDM will induce insulin resistance in vitro. Methods: Omental adipose tissues were collected from overweight and obese pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT, n=12) and women with GDM (n=12) at the time of scheduled cesarean section. Tissue explants were cultured for 24 hours and ATEVs were isolated from conditioned media by differential ultracentrifugation and ultrafiltration. H4IIE rat hepatocytes and L6 rat myoblasts were cultured in the presence of equal amount of ATEVs (5 ug/mL total protein), palmitate (200 uM) or phosphate-buffered saline (PBS) for 24 hours. Cells were washed; stimulated with 100 nM Insulin for 10 minutes, and protein lysates were collected. To probe for defects in insulin signaling, levels of phosphorylated and total Protein kinase B (PKB/AKT), phosphorylated and total Glycogen Synthase Kinase 3 Beta (GSK3β) were determined by Western Blot analysis and normalized to GAPDH. Statistical Analysis was assessed with student t-test or ANOVA as appropriate. Results: There was no statistically significant difference in total or phosphorylated AKT in rat myoblasts following co-culture with ATEVs from NGT (NGT-ATEVs) women, women with GDM (GDMATEVs) or palmitate compared to PBS control. Insulin-stimulated AKT phosphorylation was reduced when hepatocytes were cultured with NGT-ATEVs, GDM-ATEVs (p=0.059), and palmitate (p=0.07) compared to PBS control, however this did not reach statistical significance. Total protein levels of AKT were similar. Phosphorylation of GSK3β, a direct target of AKT, was significantly reduced in hepatocytes cultured with GDM-ATEVs compared to NGT-ATEVs (p=0.04) with no difference in total levels of GSK3β between groups. Conclusion: Herein we demonstrate that ATEVs from obese women with GDM fail to suppress insulin signaling in myoblasts but lead to altered downstream signaling defects in the AKT/GSK3β signaling pathway in hepatocytes in vitro. Future studies are ongoing to further investigate differences in the content of ATEVs to elucidate the mechanism for altered signaling in hepatocytes.
Phenotypic characteristics and risk factors in a multi-ethnic cohort of young adults with type 2 diabetes$$$ Background: Early onset of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) is associated with prolonged exposure to hyperglycaemia and increased propensity to chronic complications. The aim of this study was to characterize and compare the phenotypic characteristics and risk factors in a multi-ethnic cohort of young adults with type 2 diabetes (T2DMY). Methods: One hundred young adults (White European [WE], South Asian [SA] and African-Caribbean [AC]) diagnosed with T2DM before the age of 40 years were recruited. Demographics, family history, diabetes related complications, co-morbidities, anthropometry (body mass index [BMI], body composition), physical activity and biochemistry (HbA1c, lipid profile, liver and renal function) and autoantibodies (anti GAD, anti islet cell) were collected for all participants. Data were analysed for the most represented ethnic groups: (WE, N = 36 and SA, N = 53) using SPSS version 23. Results: Mean (± standard deviation) age at diagnosis was 32.5 ± 5.5 years and mean diabetes duration was 7.7 ± 3.8 years. Overweight/obesity was present in 95% of participants, history of maternal diabetes in 68%, deprivation 75%, low physical activity 40%, polycystic ovarian disease 29% (in females), acanthosis nigricans 12% and non-alcoholic fatty liver 11%. There was considerable clustering of risk factors within the cohort with over 75% of all subjects having three or more of the above risk factors and 52% required insulin within 3 years of diagnosis. Two-thirds of the patients had evidence of at least one diabetes related microvascular complication. Conclusion: T2DMY is characterized by a high burden of commonly associated risk factors for both the disease and its long-term complications.
Engaging the ASEAN diaspora: Type 2 diabetes prevalence, pathophysiology, and unique risk factors among filipino migrants in the United States$$$ Type 2 diabetes prevalence is rising rapidly in Southeast Asia (SEA) where urbanization and adoption of ‘western’ behavioral lifestyles are attributed as predominant risk factors. The Southeast Asian diaspora to the United States has resulted in a sizable portion of migrant and US born SEAs, with approximately 4 million Filipino Americans, 2 million Vietnamese-Americans, Cambodians (330,000), and Thai (300,000) as the most populous. Their longer exposure to a western lifestyle and participation in clinical studies with other racial/ethnic groups, provide opportunities to evaluate etiologic factors which might inform trends and intervention opportunities among residents of Southeast Asia. Epidemiologic studies in the US have identified higher T2D prevalence among Filipinos (16.1%) compared to groups perceived to be at highest risk for T2D, namely Latinos (14.0%), Black (13.7%), and Native Americans (13.4%), while SEAs (including Burmese, Cambodian, Indonesian, Laotian, Malaysian, and Thai, 10.5%) and Vietnamese (9.9%) had higher T2D risk compared to Whites (7.7%), despite their absence of general obesity. Asian-Americans, including SEAs, East and South Asians, collectively have higher rates of undiagnosed T2D compared to other racial/ethnic groups in the US. Almost half (44%) of Filipinos with newly diagnosed T2D have isolated post-challenge hyperglycemia and will remain undiagnosed if current screening practices remain limited to measures of glycosylated hemoglobin and fasting plasma glucose. The University of California San Diego Filipino Health Study found excess visceral adipose tissue accumulation, low ratio of muscle to total abdominal mass area, low adiponectin concentration, multiparity (≥ 6 live births), and sleep insufficiency (<7 hours) to be unique T2D risk factors among Filipino-American women, even after adjusting for established T2D risk factors including hypertension and parental history of T2D. Social determinants such as low educational attainment (less than college completion), and sustained social disadvantage during childhood and adulthood were independently associated with T2D risk. Gestational diabetes is a known risk factor for future T2DM among women; Northern California data shows that following Asian Indians, gestational diabetes was highest among Filipina and SEA parturients, who had twice the GDM prevalence as Black, Hispanic, and White women. Identification of novel T2D risk factors among SEAs may guide early diagnosis, inform pathophysiology, and identify unique opportunities for T2D prevention and management.
Diagnosis of hepatocellular adenoma in men before onset of diabetes in HNF1A-MODY: Watch out for winkers$$$ Hepatocyte nuclear factor 1A (HNF1A) maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY) is a monogenetic, autosomal dominantly inherited form of diabetes. HNF1A-MODY is associated with HNF1A-inactivated hepatocellular adenoma (H-HCA) formation. Hepatocellular adenoma (HCA) are benign liver tumours and related complications are rare but serious: hepatic haemorrhage and malignant transformation. Guidelines recommend resection of all HCA in men and do not take any co-occurring metabolic disorders into account. We report a family with HCA preceding diabetes mellitus. Male index patient presented with numerous, irresectable HCA. After initial diagnostic and aetiologic uncertainty HNF1A germline mutation c.815G>A (p.Arg272His) was confirmed 8 years later. No HCA-related complications occurred. His diabetic mother was diagnosed with HCA after severe hepatic haemorrhage years before. HNF1A-MODY should be considered in (non-)diabetic (male) patients with H-HCA. We advocate liver biopsy and, if necessary, genetic analysis to precede any intervention for HCA in males and screening for HCA in HNF1A-MODY patients.
Rising numbers of pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis: A population-based study$$$ Background: Cirrhosis and incident NAFLD are both rising in young adults, which may affect women of childbearing age Trends in NAFLD cirrhosis during pregnancy have not been reported, and it is not known whether NAFLD cirrhosis in pregnancy confers worse maternal-fetal outcomes as compared to other causes of cirrhosis Methods: Populationbased retrospective cohort study from Ontario, Canada using universal administrative healthcare data from 01/01/2000- 12/31/2016 This study includes women ages 18-44 years with singleton pregnancies through at least 20 weeks of gestation, and with a cirrhosis diagnosis identified by a validated cirrhosis case definition (sensitivity 98%, specificity 77%). Mother-infant record linkage included data through 3-months of post-partum follow-up Maternal and fetal outcomes were obtained from administrative codes and the linked motherinfant dataset Outcomes were compared between mothers with NAFLD vs non-NAFLD causes of cirrhosis Results: 4,391 pregnant women with cirrhosis were included; median age 31 years (IQR 26-34); n=1,806 with NAFLD and n=2,585 with non-NAFLD causes of cirrhosis The number of pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis more than tripled from 2000 to 2016 (from 50 per year in 2000 to 177 per year by 2016, p<0 001), with fairly stable numbers in non-NAFLD cirrhosis (88 per year in 2000 to 94 per year in 2016) By the end of the study period, NAFLD accounted for 65% of all cirrhosis cases in pregnancy Regarding maternal complications, postpartum hemorrhage was numerically less common while pre-eclampsia/eclampsia and gestational hypertension were more common in women with NAFLD vs non-NAFLD cirrhosis (TABLE) NAFLD cirrhosis was not associated with more c-sections or gestational diabetes as compared to non-NAFLD cirrhosis Regarding fetal outcomes, NAFLD cirrhosis was associated with less stillbirth, pre-term delivery, and small for gestational age, although was associated with large for gestational age infants (13 5% vs 8 4%, p<0 001) (TABLE) Conclusion: The number of pregnant women with NAFLD cirrhosis has nearly tripled over the past 15 years and NAFLD is now by far the most common etiology of cirrhosis in pregnant women Compared to other causes of cirrhosis, NAFLD was not associated with worse maternal outcomes, though was associated with large for gestational age infants, which does confer increased risks to infant health.
Case report: peripartum liver failure-a diagnostic challenge$$$ Background: Liver failure in pregnancy is rare and life-threatening complication. It is usually caused by HELLP (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets) syndrome leading to liver haematomas or rupture, AFLP (acute fatty liver of pregnancy) or liver infarction. Other aetiologies include hepatitis, toxins and Budd-Chiari syndrome, as coincidental occurrence is possible. Aetiologies may be overlapping and present a diagnostic challenge to the clinicians. Method: xxxxxxxxxxx Results: We present a case report of 32-year- old woman of West-African origin, who was previously healthy but had developed gestational diabetes. She had vaginal delivery at 40 weeks of gestation. Towards the end of the delivery she got progressively hypertensive. Roughly an hour after giving birth, she had an eclamptic seizure and was taken to intensive care unit (ICU). She developed signs of HELLP, disseminated intravascular coagulation and rapidly declining liver function. As the days went by, ultrasound studies showed her liver partly necrotic, but with some portal flow. Her condition deteriorated to a stage where MARS® (Molecular Adsorbent Recirculating System) had to be instituted. Her liver function did not show signs of improving and on the 9th day after delivery she underwent orthotopic liver transplantation. Recovery was gradual, she was discharged from the ICU on 10th day after the transplantation. Conclusion: Pathologists examination showed mostly necrotic liver tissue with some haemorrhagic areas. Preserved hepatocytes had steatosis and thrombus formation was discovered in veins as well. Pathological diagnosis was not definitive. Serological studies ruled out infective aetiology. There was no clear diagnosis, but the conclusion amongst clinicians was that this was a case of severe HELLP. The case represents the difficulty in definitive diagnosis when clinical picture is not like a text book case.
The development of HbA1c level among individuals with type 2 diabetes in DIREVA registry$$$ Background and aims: Since 2007 all patients with diabetes in theVaasa Central Hospital District in Finland have been invited to the DIREVA registry (The Diabetes Register of Vaasa Central Hospital District), which to date includes 6,900 patients. We investigated the change of HbA1c among individuals with T2D between 2012-2013 and 2017-2018, and factors contributing to it. Materials and methods: Diabetes nurses in the Vaasa Central Hospital District register diabetic patients in DIREVA, including age and clinical type at diagnosis, sex, BMI, pancreatitis, gestational diabetes, medication and diabetes heredity. Samples are collected for plasma C-peptide, glucose, GADAb and genotyping; follow-up data are obtained from the district laboratory database. We included all T2D patients recruited by 1.1.2013, who had at least one HbA1c measurement during both years 2012 -2013 and years 2017 -2018 (n=2793; 54 % men). The mean HbA1c level at each time point was compared with paired-sample T-test, and linear regression (LRM) and mixed (LMM) models were used to analyze factors contributing to the HbA1c level and its deterioration. Results: During the 5-year follow-up, the mean HbA1c increased from 48.1 to 51.6 mmol/mol (p < 0.001), and the proportion of patients in good glycemic control (<53mmol/mol) decreased from 76% (N=2114) to 62% (N=1723), p < 0.001 (Figure). The HbA1c change was independently explained by age at diagnosis, baseline HbA1c, diabetes duration and triglyceride concentration (LMM, p<0.001 for all). Also cross-sectionally at the two time-points, age at the time of diagnosis, diabetes duration and plasma triglycerides mostly explained HbA1c divided into three categories (<53mmol/mol, 53-74mmol/mol and >74mmol/mol), (LRM, p<0.001 for all). Conclusion: The glycemic control among T2D individuals living in Ostrobothnia inWestern Finland has worsened during the last five years. Especially younger T2D patients and those with high triglycerides (possibly reflecting hepatic fat accumulation) seem to have a more difficult disease than those diagnosed later in life. It will be interesting to see whether this trend is seen in all subclusters of T2D, or only in the previously reported insulin-resistant cluster associated with early age at onset and fatty liver disease. (Figure Presented).
Obeticholic acid ameliorates dyslipidemia but not glucose tolerance in mouse model of gestational diabetes$$$ Metabolism alters markedly with advancing gestation, characterized by progressive insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and raised serum bile acids. The nuclear receptor farnesoid X receptor (FXR) has an integral role in bile acid homeostasis and modulates glucose and lipid metabolism. FXR is known to be functionally suppressed in pregnancy. The FXR agonist, obeticholic acid (OCA), improves insulin sensitivity in patients with type 2 diabetes with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. We therefore hypothesized that OCA treatment during pregnancy could improve disease severity in a mouse model of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). C57BL/6J mice were fed a high-fat diet (HFD; 60% kcal from fat) for 4 wk before and throughout pregnancy to induce GDM. The impact of the diet supplemented with 0.03% OCA throughout pregnancy was studied. Pregnant HFD-fed mice displayed insulin resistance and dyslipidemia. OCA significantly reduced plasma cholesterol concentrations in non-pregnant and pregnant HFD-fed mice (by 22.4%, P < 0.05 and 36.4%, P < 0.001, respectively) and reduced the impact of pregnancy on insulin resistance but did not change glucose tolerance. In non-pregnant HFD-fed mice, OCA ameliorated weight gain, reduced mRNA expression of inflammatory markers in white adipose tissue, and reduced plasma glucagon-like peptide 1 concentrations (by 62.7%, P < 0.01). However, these effects were not evident in pregnant mice. OCA administration can normalize plasma cholesterol levels in a mouse model of GDM. However, the absence of several of the effects of OCA in pregnant mice indicates that the agonistic action of OCA is not sufficient to overcome many metabolic consequences of the pregnancy-associated reduction in FXR activity.
Molecular insight into the interaction between epigenetics and leptin in metabolic disorders$$$ Nowadays, it is well-known that the deregulation of epigenetic machinery is a common biological event leading to the development and progression of metabolic disorders. Moreover, the expression level and actions of leptin, a vast adipocytokine regulating energy metabolism, appear to be strongly associated with epigenetics. Therefore, the aim of this review was to summarize the current knowledge of the epigenetic regulation of leptin as well as the leptin-induced epigenetic modifications in metabolic disorders and associated phenomena. The collected data indicated that the deregulation of leptin expression and secretion that occurs during the course of metabolic diseases is underlain by a variation in the level of promoter methylation, the occurrence of histone modifications, along with miRNA interference. Furthermore, leptin was proven to epigenetically regulate several miRNAs and affect the activity of the histone deacetylases. These epigenetic modifications were observed in obesity, gestational diabetes, metabolic syndrome and concerned various molecular processes like glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity, liver fibrosis, obesity-related carcinogenesis, adipogenesis or fetal/early postnatal programming. Moreover, the circulating miRNA profiles were associated with the plasma leptin level in metabolic syndrome, and miRNAs were found to be involved in hypothalamic leptin sensitivity. In summary, the evidence suggests that leptin is both a target and a mediator of epigenetic changes that develop in numerous tissues during metabolic disorders.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is a risk factor for large-for-gestational-age birthweight$$$ Objective Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a well-recognized hepatic manifestation of metabolic disease in adults and has been associated with the development of gestational diabetes (GDM). Hepatic insulin resistance can result in increased release of glucose (from gluconeogenesis) and free fatty acids (due to enhanced lipolysis), which can lead in turn to fetal overgrowth. However, the relationship between maternal metabolic factors (such as circulating levels of triglycerides, free fatty acids [FFA], or adipokines) and excessive fetal birthweight in NAFLD has not been carefully examined. In this study, we evaluated the relationship between NAFLD and the subsequent risk of large-for-gestational-age (LGA) birthweight. Method Singleton nondiabetic pregnant women were evaluated for the presence of fatty liver at 10–14 weeks of gestation by abdominal ultrasound. The degree of fatty liver was classified as Grade 0–3 steatosis. At the time of liver ultrasound, maternal blood was taken after fasting and measured for adiponectin and FFA. LGA was defined as birthweight >90th percentile for gestational age. Results A total of 623 women were included in the analysis. The frequency of LGA was 10.9% (68/ 623), and the frequency of NAFLD was 18.9%. The risk of LGA increased significantly in patients with Grade 2–3 steatosis in the first trimester. The relationship between Grade 2–3 steatosis and LGA remained significant after adjustment for maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI, GDM, and maternal serum triglyceride levels. The concentration of maternal blood adiponectin at 10–14 weeks was significantly lower in cases with LGA than non-LGA, but the maternal blood FFA concentrations were not different between the groups. Conclusion The presence of Grade 2–3 steatosis on ultrasound in early pregnancy was associated with the increased risk of delivering an LGA infant, even after adjustment for multiple confounding factors including GDM. Adiponectin may be the linking biomarker between NAFLD and LGA.
American College of Epidemiology Annual Meeting$$$ The proceedings contains 49 papers. The topics discussed include: Exploring uniformity of gestational diabetes screening and diagnosis using real-world electronic health record data;The impact of missing toxicology reports on overdose death surveillance: 2010-2016;Risk of viral gastroenteritis associated with continuous use of proton pump inhibitors: a matched retrospective cohort study based on prospectively collected drug dispensing data;Measures of lower body function as predictors of mortality among Mexican Americans aged 75 and older;Association among sleep duration with nap and stroke stratified by self-health status among Aging-Chinese health and retirement longitudinal study;The association of ethnicity and Hispanic acculturation status with advance directive completion among older patients in an integrated health system;Trends in pediatric cancer mortality and survival in the United States;Adherence to Children’s Oncology Group Long-Term Follow-up Guidelines among high-risk adolescent and young adult cancer survivors;T-Cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia immunophenotype predicts the survival disadvantage of black children with ALL;Stage of diagnosis and mortality among non-alcoholic fatty liver disease liver cancer patients: revision;Derivation of anthropometric-based equations to predict lean body mass composition of cancer patients;Breast biopsy patterns and findings among older women undergoing screening mammography: what is the impact of age and comorbidity?;Socioeconomic differences in depression among breast cancer survivors;Race/ethnic disparities in depression occurrence in a diverse cohort of breast cancer survivors;Diabetes prevalence among U.S. adults with disabilities: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2013-2016;Urinary phthalates and metabolic syndrome in U.S adults (NHANES 2005-2014): examining potential differences by sex and race;Oral health service use among U.S. adults aged 18 to 64 years by disability status and state Medicaid expansion status
Fatty liver among adolescent offspring of women with type 1 diabetes (The EPICOM study)$$$ OBJECTIVE Intrauterine exposure to maternal type 1 diabetes is associated with a less favorable metabolic profile later in life. Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is the hepatic manifestation of a cluster of metabolic abnormalities linked to insulin resistance. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of maternal pregestational type 1 diabetes on the presence of fatty liver in offspring and the association between maternal BMI, glycemic control during pregnancy, offspring metabolic risk factors, and offspring level of soluble CD163 (sCD163) (a marker of macrophage activation) and risk of fatty liver. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS This study was a prospective nationwide follow-up study of offspring (n = 278) of mothers with pregestational type 1 diabetes between 1993 and 1999 and matched control subjects (n = 303). Mean age at the time of follow-up was 16.7 years (range 13.0-20.4 years). We used the fatty liver index (FLI) and waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) to evaluate the presence of fatty liver among the offspring. An FLI ≥60 or WHtR >0.469 were used as cutoff points for fatty liver. RESULTS More type 1 diabetes-exposed offspring had high FLI and WHtR indices compared with unexposed control subjects. We found significant associations between increasing maternal prepregnancy BMI, being born large for gestational age, offspring level of sCD163, as well as offspring metabolic risk factors (decreasing adiponectin and HDL cholesterol and increasing leptin, HOMA of insulin resistance, and HOMA of insulin secretion) and degree of fatty liver. CONCLUSIONS Intrauterine exposure to maternal type 1 diabetes and higher maternal prepregnancy BMI may predispose to fatty liver in the offspring. Offspring metabolic risk factors, including sCD163 levels, are associated with indices of fatty liver.
A prospective study of artificially sweetened beverage intake and cardiometabolic health among women at high risk$$$ Background: Artificially sweetened beverages (ASBs) are commonly consumed and recommended for individuals at high risk for cardiometabolic diseases; however, the health effects of ASBs remain contradictory. Given that cross-sectional analyses are subject to reverse causation, prospective studies with long-term follow-up are needed to evaluate associations between ASBs and cardiometabolic health, especially among high-risk individuals. Objective: The aim of this studywas to examine associations of ASB intake and cardiometabolic health among high-riskwomenwith prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: We included 607 women with GDM from the Danish National Birth Cohort (DNBC; 1996-2002) who completed a clinical exam 9-16 y after the DNBC pregnancy for the Diabetes & Women's Health (DWH) Study (2012-2014). We assessed ASB intake using FFQs completed during the DNBC pregnancy and at the DWH Study clinical exam. We examined cardiometabolic outcomes at the DWH clinical exam. We estimated percentage differences in continuous cardiometabolic markers and RRs for clinical endpoints in association with ASB intake both during pregnancy and at follow-up adjusted for prepregnancy BMI, diet, and lifestyle factors. Sensitivity analyses to account for reverse causation were performed. Results: In pregnancy and at follow-up, 30.4% and 36.4% of women regularly (≥2 servings/wk) consumed ASB, respectively. Consumption of ASBs, both during pregnancy and at follow-up, was associated with higher glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), insulin, HOMA-IR, triglycerides, liver fat, and adiposity and with lower HDL at follow-up. After adjustment for covariates, particularly prepregnancy BMI, the majority of associations between ASB intake in pregnancy and outcomes at follow-up became null with the exception of HbA1c. ASB intake at follow-up (≥1 serving/d compared with <1 serving/mo) was associated with higher HbA1c (6.5%; 95% CI: 1.9, 11.3; P-trend = 0.007); however, associations were not upheld in sensitivity analyses for reverse causation. Conclusions: Among Danish women with a history of GDM, ASB intake was not significantly associated with cardiometabolic profiles.
Prevention of opportunistic non-communicable diseases$$$ As strategies targeting undernutrition and infections become increasingly successful in low-and middle-income countries (LMICs), a second challenge has appeared, namely premature onset of non-communicable diseases (NCDs). In LMICs, NCDs are often related to exposure to undernutrition and infections. As NCDs strike societies and individuals with impaired resistance or a deficient health (care) state, why not label such diseases 'opportunistic', in analogy with opportunistic infections attacking individuals with HIV? We propose the concept of opportunistic NCDs, hoping that fighting against infections, and for better maternal and child health, is becoming acknowledged as essential for the early prevention of NCDs.
Variable phenotype in HNF1B mutations: Extrarenal manifestations distinguish affected individuals from the population with congenital anomalies of the kidney and urinary tract$$$ Background. Mutations in hepatocyte nuclear factor 1B (HNF1B) have been associated with congenital anomalies of the kidney and urinary tract (CAKUT) in humans. Diabetes and other less frequent anomalies have also been described. Variable penetrance and intrafamilial variability have been demonstrated including severe prenatal phenotypes. Thus, it is important to differentiate this entity from others with similar clinical features and perform confirmatory molecular diagnosis. Methods. This study reports the results of HNF1B screening in a cohort of 60 patients from 58 unrelated families presenting with renal structural anomalies and/or non-immune glucose metabolismalterations, and other minor features suggesting HNF1B mutations. Results. This study identified a pathogenic variant in 23 patients from 21 families. The most frequent finding was bilateral cystic dysplasia or hyperechogenic kidneys (87% of patients). Sixty percent of them also fulfilled the criteria for impaired glucose metabolism, and these were significantly older than those patients with an HNF1B mutation but without diabetes or prediabetes (14.4 versus 3.3 years, P<0.05). Furthermore, patients with HNF1B mutations had higher frequency of pancreatic structural anomalies and hypomagnesaemia than patients without mutations (P<0.001 and P = 0.003, respectively). Hyperuricaemia and increased liver enzymes were detected in some patients as well. Conclusions. Renal anomalies found in patients with HNF1B mutations are frequently unspecific and may resemble those found in other renal pathologies (CAKUT, ciliopathies). Active searching for extrarenal minor features, especially pancreatic structural anomalies or hypomagnesaemia, could support the indication for molecular diagnosis to identify HNF1B mutations.
Hepatic miR-582-5p is programmed by maternal diet-induced obesity in male mice and contributes to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Obesity during pregnancy is associated with increased risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in the offspring; however, the underlying molecular mechanisms remain largely unknown. The aim of the current study was to explore the contribution of microRNAs (miRs) as mediators of programming by maternal obesity. To achieve this, we used a mouse model of maternal-diet induced obesity where dams develop gestational diabetes and offspring demonstrate increased hepatic triglyceride content. We carried out small RNA next generation sequencing analysis of liver from twelve-week-old male offspring and identified miR-582-5p as the most dysregulated, showing a threefold increase. Binding site prediction (TargetScan 7.2) and pathway enrichment analysis (Reactome v67) suggested a number of miR-582-5p target genes related to lipid metabolism including Insulin Induced Gene 2 (INSIG2) and Translocase of Inner Mitochondrial Membrane 23 (TIMM23). Overexpression of miR-582-5p in AML12 (mouse) and HEPG2 (human) cell lines caused increased triglyceride accumulation, downregulation of INSIG2 and TIMM23, increased nuclear localization of Sterol Regulatory Element-Binding Protein 1 (SREBP-1), and overexpression of lipogenic genes. These findings suggest that overexpression of miR-582-5p induces hepatic intracellular lipid accumulation through mechanisms that involve mitochondrial malfunction and activation of de novo lipogenesis. We therefore conclude that an epigenetically programmed increase in hepatic miR-582 is a likely contributing mechanism underlying the programming of fatty liver disease in the offspring of obese gestational diabetic mothers.
Maternal triglycerides in gestational diabetes are strongly associated with increased newborn hepatic fat independent of subcutaneous fat$$$ The incidence of childhood obesity continues to rise and alarmingly, 40% are already estimated to have nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), the leading cause of liver transplantation. An early origin exposure that contributes to NAFLD may be maternal obesity, diet, triglycerides (TG) and free fatty acids (FFA) in-utero, particularly in offspring of mothers with diabetes or gestational diabetes (GDM) who are at high risk for childhood metabolic disorders. In this pilot study, we explored the hypothesis that maternal TG in diet-controlled GDM (A1GDM) is associated with offspring intrahepatic lipid (IHL) accumulation. We randomized newly diagnosed A1GDM women (n=13, BMI 32±2 [mean±SEM]) to eucaloric diets at 32 weeks. Fasting and postprandial (PP) glucose, insulin, TG, FFA, and glycerol were measured in a breakfast test meal study (hourly x5) at baseline and 37 weeks. Newborn IHL content (Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy; MRS) and body composition (%fat, PEAPOD) were measured at ~10 days. At 32 weeks, but not at 37 weeks, maternal fasting TG (199±17 mg/dL) and the 5-hour TG area-under-the-curve (AUC) were strongly associated with newborn IHL (r=0.69, p=0.01; r=0.75, p=0.003, respectively). The 1-hour and 2-hour PPTG (205-206±19-20 mg/dL) were highly associated with IHL (r=0.69-0.73; p≤0.01) as was the 5-hour glycerol AUC (r=0.65, p=0.01). There was no relationship between IHL and subcutaneous %fat by PEAPOD. We found no associations between maternal pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational weight gain (11±1.6 kg), glucose, insulin, or FFA and IHL. These data are the first in humans to support that maternal TG exposure at the time of GDM diagnosis, when fetal subcutaneous fat depots are early in development, may result in increased liver lipid deposition. If confirmed, MRS newborn liver fat measures and early interventions targeting maternal TG may be indicated to lower fetal liver fat deposition that could potentially be a developmental risk for pediatric NAFLD.
LYMPHOCYTIC HYPOPHYSITIS: A CHALLENGE TO DIAGNOSE POSTPARTUM:$$$ Hypernatremia during pregnancy is not commonly encountered. Additionally, differentiating between transient diabetes insipidus of pregnancy from central or nephrogenic diabetes insipidus during pregnancy poses dilemma. Moreover, lymphocytic hypophysitis as an etiologic disorder contributing to the hypernatremia is rare. Here, we report a complex case of lymphocytic hypophysis diagnosed postpartum. A 32-year-old, 37 weeks pregnant female underwent emergent cesarean section due to concerns for fetal compromise and acute fatty liver of pregnancy. For 1.5 weeks prior to presentation, she had been experiencing significant polyuria and polydipsia. Preoperative labs were notable for acute kidney injury (creatinine 3.3mg/dL), elevated liver enzymes (AST 259 U/L, ALT 536 U/L, TB 5.1 mg/dL), significant coagulopathy, and hypoglycemia. Her presenting sodium was 141 mmol/L which progressively increased and peaked to 156 mmol/L post operatively with 5 to 7L urine output daily. Urine osmolality was 137 mosm/kg. Her hypernatremia was first attributed to transient gestational diabetes insipidus associated with pregnancy amplified by acute fatty liver of pregnancy, however further workup changed the diagnosis to central diabetes insipidus secondary to hypophysitis due to ACTH <5pg/mL, A.M. cortisol 0.8 ug/dL, FSH 0.3IU/L, LH <0.1IU/L, TSH 0.28uL/mL, and FT4 0.6ng/dL. Furthermore, MRI of the brain revealed absence of the normal pituitary bright spot, and thickened pituitary stalk. She was started on prednisone, ddavp, and levothyroxine and did well. Six months postpartum her MRI brain revealed resolution of the thickened pituitary stalk, reappearance of the pituitary bright spot, as well as a smaller pituitary gland. She still remains on oral desmopressin as well as levothyroxine supplementation. Diagnosing lymphocytic hypophysitis in the postpartum period can be a challenge. Although rare, most cases occur in late pregnancy or in the postpartum period and one must keep this in the differential when evaluating a pregnant or postpartum woman with hypernatremia. Multidisciplinary team approach and expertise involving the endocrinologist, nephrologist, and obstetrician is important for quick diagnosis and for prompt treatment to avoid life threatening complications that could ensue.
Liver involvement in infants with hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia$$$ Objectives and Study: Hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia (HH) is an uncommon disease (1/40000 live births), but a common cause of persistent hypoglycaemia in infancy. HH can be transient or persistent (congenital hyperinsulinism, CHI). Mutations in at least 13 genes (ABCC8, KCNJ11, GCK, GLUD1, HADH, SLC16A1, UCP2, HNF4A, HNF1A, HK1, PGM1, PMM2 and CACNA1D) have been reported in up to 40% of CHI patients. HH and liver disease in children, has not been studied in the literature. While there are reports that up to 80 newly diagnosed HH cases/year are referred to endocrinology, the precise incidence is unknown. Methods: Referrals to our liver unit from June 2006 to February 2017 were retrospectively analysed. Primary cause of referral was conjugated hyperbilirubinaemia (in HH patients < 28 day of life) +/- other deranged liver function tests. All patients received diazoxide (5-20 mg/kg/day) and chlorothiazide (7-10 mg/kg/day) at referral/admission. Genetic studies for CHI were conducted by the referring centre, where possible. Primary endpoints were: i) resolution of LFTs and ii) time to resolution (TtR). Results: 34 patients (28 females, 6 males) were included. Mean age of referral was 1.84 months (SD 0.91) and mean birth weight was 2.56 kg (SD 0.91). 18 (52.94%) were born full term, 9 (26.47%) were premature, and 7 (20.59%) late premature. Comorbidities included maternal gestational diabetes, perinatal events, X-linked icthyosis, pulmonary hypertension, viral infections (CMV, enterovirus)/sepsis, complications of prematurity, haematological conditions etc. CHI genetics were positive in 4 patients (11.76%); 3 with ABCC8 gene mutation and 1 with HFN4A gene mutation. The rest (88.24%) had either negative genetics or were not tested. Ultrasound findings were normal in 20 (60.61%) cases, 5 (15.15%) had biliary tree abnormalities, 3 (9.09%) mildly fatty liver, 3 (9.09%) splenomegaly and 2 (6.06%) had combined pathology. Liver biopsy was performed in 9 cases (26.47%), and showed cholangiopathy in 6, non-specific features in 1, and possible metabolic disorder in 1; 1 patient had biopsy 2 years later due to hepatoblastoma. 2 patients (5.88%) had a normal intraoperative cholangiogram (IOC). In 3 cases (8.82%), further imaging was indicated (MRCP, ERCP, MRI liver). Mean % conjugated bilirubin at admission was 77.00%, increased by 12.42% from presentation (p=0.0029). In 33 (97.06%) cases LFTs resolved and in 1 (2.94%) were improving on follow up; mean TtR was 88.12 days (SD 72.71). Age at referral, late prematurity, % conjugated bilirubin on admission were independently associated to LFTs resolution (p= 0.0002, p=0.0172, p=0.0049, respectively). The % conjugated bilirubin on admission remained a significant independent predictor of TtR (p=0.0164) in the multivariate model, with 1.44 day increase in TtR per unit % increase. Conclusions: Liver disease in patients with HH is uncommon and poorly studied. In our study, conjugated jaundice and LFTs resolved in all patients except one still in follow-up, even those with positive CHI genetic testing. Most patients had transient HH and several comorbidities. The % fraction of conjugated bilirubin independently correlated to time to LFTs resolution. Liver biopsy was not correlated to the primary endpoint, however, was done as aid to differential diagnosis.
Effects of physical exercise during pregnancy on the modulation of liver mitochondrial function in an animal model of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with high-caloric intake and physical inactivity. Among other pathological alterations, liver mitochondrial-related dysfunction characterizes NAFLD development, but seems to be attenuated by physical exercise (PE). In addition to more prevalent metabolic conditions in which NAFLD is present, women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) present signs of NAFLD. The aim of this study was to elucidate whether PE during pregnancy influences liver mitochondrial function in a GDM-associated NAFLD model. Methods: After 6 weeks under control (C) or high-fat- high- sugar (HFHS) diets, female Sprague-Dawley rats were mated and distributed into the following experimental groups: C or HFHS; pregnant or non-pregnant; sedentary or exercised during pregnancy. Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and histological analysis were used to confirm the presence of GDM and NAFLD, respectively. Liver mitochondrial function was assessed using complex I and II-related substrates. Results: Although body weight was not altered by HFHS or PE, gestational body weight gain was increased in sedentary HFHS group compared to C (∼1.5-fold) or exercised HFHS groups (∼1.3-fold). Pre-mating OGTT did not show difference between C and HFHS groups, while pregnant HFHS-fed animals were more glucose intolerant, regardless of PE. Histological analysis confirmed the presence of steatosis in HFHS sedentary groups. Regarding liver mitochondrial function, pregnancy and HFHS per se negatively affected mitochondrial function, although the synergistic effect of both factors did not additionally deteriorate mitochondrial function. PE improved mitochondrial function of HFHS groups, regardless of pregnancy. Conclusion: Pregnancy and HFHS impaired mitochondrial function of sedentary rats. However, 3 weeks of PE during pregnancy was able to attenuate the effects of HFHS and/ or pregnancy on liver mitochondrial function on this animal model of NAFLD.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in the first trimester and subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Aims/hypothesis: Although there is substantial evidence that non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with impaired glucose homeostasis, the clinical significance of NAFLD in pregnant women has not been well determined. This study investigates the relationship between NAFLD in the first trimester and the subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: A multicentre, prospective cohort study was conducted in which singleton pregnant Korean women were assessed for NAFLD at 10–14 weeks using liver ultrasound, fatty liver index (FLI) and hepatic steatosis index (HSI). Maternal plasma adiponectin and selenoprotein P concentrations were measured. Participants were screened for GDM using the two-step approach at 24–28 weeks. Results: Six hundred and eight women were included in the final analysis. The prevalence of NAFLD was 18.4% (112/608) and 5.9% (36/608) developed GDM. Participants who developed GDM had a higher prevalence of radiological steatosis (55.6% vs 16.1%; p < 0.001) and higher FLI (40.0 vs 10.7; p < 0.001) and HSI (35.5 vs 29.0; p < 0.001). The risk of developing GDM was significantly increased in participants with NAFLD and was positively correlated with the severity of steatosis. This relationship between NAFLD and GDM remained significant after adjustment for metabolic risk factors, including measures of insulin resistance. Maternal plasma adiponectin and selenoprotein P levels were also correlated with both NAFLD severity and the risk of developing GDM. Conclusions/interpretation: NAFLD in early pregnancy is an independent risk factor for GDM. Adiponectin may be a useful biomarker for predicting GDM in pregnant women.
Historical and current adenosine receptor agonists in preclinical and clinical development$$$ Adenosine receptors (ARs) function in the body’s response to conditions of pathology and stress associated with a functional imbalance, such as in the supply and demand of energy/oxygen/nutrients. Extracellular adenosine concentrations vary widely to raise or lower the basal activation of four subtypes of ARs. Endogenous adenosine can correct an energy imbalance during hypoxia and other stress, for example, by slowing the heart rate by A1AR activation or increasing the blood supply to heart muscle by the A2AAR. Moreover, exogenous AR agonists, antagonists, or allosteric modulators can be applied for therapeutic benefit, and medicinal chemists working toward that goal have reported thousands of such agents. Thus, numerous clinical trials have ensued, using promising agents to modulate adenosinergic signaling, most of which have not succeeded. Currently, short-acting, parenteral agonists, adenosine and Regadenoson, are the only AR agonists approved for human use. However, new concepts and compounds are currently being developed and applied toward preclinical and clinical evaluation, and initial results are encouraging. This review focuses on key compounds as AR agonists and positive allosteric modulators (PAMs) for disease treatment or diagnosis. AR agonists for treating inflammation, pain, cancer, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, angina, sickle cell disease, ischemic conditions and diabetes have been under development. Multiple clinical trials with two A3AR agonists are ongoing.
518: The risk of pregnancy-associated hypertension in pregnant women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Objective: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a risk factor for cardiovascular diseases in later life. Although the biologic mechanism is not well understood, it likely involves metabolic factors, inflammatory reactions, and endothelial dysfunction, all of which are known pathophysiologic factors in the development of pregnancy- associated HTN, including preeclampsia. However, the risk of pregnancy-associated HTN in pregnant women with NAFLD has not been well established. This study examines the risk of pregnancy-associated HTN in pregnant women with NAFLD. Study Design: This is a secondary analysis of a large prospective cohort study of healthy Korean women with a singleton pregnancy designed to examine the risk of gestational diabetes in women with NAFLD. Liver ultrasound was performed in all cases at 10-14 weeks of gestation and the degree of hepatic steatosis classified as Grade 0-3. At the time of liver ultrasound, maternal blood was taken and measured for selenoprotein P, a hepatokine that has been independently associated with NAFLD and cardiovascular disease. Pregnancy-associated HTN was defined as the development of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, or eclampsia. Results: Among 877 enrolled subjects, the risk of pregnancy-associated HTN increased significantly in patients with NAFLD (Fig 1). Grade 2-3 steatosis at 10-14 weeks was a significant risk factor for the development of pregnancy- associated HTN, even after adjustment for metabolic risk factors (BMI, fasting glucose). The concentration of selenoprotein P was significantly higher in women with NAFLD vs those without NAFLD at 10-14 weeks (p=0.001), and was also significantly increased in women who subsequently developed pregnancy-associated HTN vs those that did not (p<0.001) (Fig 2). Conclusion: Sonographic evidence of NAFLD at 10-14 weeks is an independent risk factor for pregnancy- associated HTN. Circulating selenoprotein P levels are increased in patients with NAFLD, which may be linked to the development of pregnancy-associated HTN. [Figure presented] [Figure presented]
237: Maternal HDL in early pregnancy as a risk factor for small-for-gestational-age birthweight$$$ Objective: The pathophysiology of uteroplacental insufficiency is not well understood. One mechanism that has been proposed includes atherosclerosis of basal arterioles and diffuse lipid infiltration of the placental bed leading to an obstructive vasculopathy. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) is protective against atherosclerosis in adults, but the effect of maternal serum HDL levels on fetal growth is not well determined. We evaluated the relationship between maternal HDL in the first trimester and subsequent risk for small-for-gestational-age birthweight (SGA). Study Design: This is a secondary analysis of a prospective cohort study of healthy Korean women with singleton pregnancies designed to examine the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the setting of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) diagnosed by ultrasound. Maternal fasting blood was taken at 10-14 weeks’ gestation and lipid parameters measured. SGA was defined as birthweight <10th percentile for gestational age. Results: Among 937 women enrolled, 898 (95.8%) delivered at term. Of these, 73 (8.1%) were SGA and 825 (91.9%) were not. Maternal HDL levels at 10-14 weeks were significantly lower in women who delivered SGA neonates than those who did not (p=0.004), and the risk for SGA was significantly negative correlated with maternal serum HDL quartiles (Figure). This association remained significant after adjustment for maternal weight, height, and pregnancy -associated hypertension. Conclusion: Low circulating levels of HDL at 10-14 weeks are associated with a higher risk for SGA. [Figure presented]
MALAT1 as a diagnostic and therapeutic target in diabetes-related complications: A promising long-noncoding RNA$$$ Diabetes mellitus is a global issue with increasing incidence rate worldwide. In an uncontrolled case, it can advance to various organ-related complications leading to an increase in morbidity and mortality. Long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) Metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1) appears to be a fairly novel lncRNA that is relevant to diabetes and its role in diabetic-related diseases initiation and progression have long been a subject of attention to many scholars. The expression of MALAT1 is elevated in different diabetic-related diseases. In this review, we demonstrate the various functions of MALAT1 in the different diabetes-related complications including ischemic reperfusion injury, retinopathy, cataract, atherosclerosis, cardiomyopathy, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, gastroparesis, kidney disease, and gestational diabetes. The emerging evidence showed that the role of MALAT1 in diabetic-related complications is both pro-inflammatory and apoptosis in different cell types. These results concluded that MALAT1 is a potential diagnostic and future targeted therapy for diabetes-associated complications.
Non-cholesterol sterol concentrations as biomarkers for cholesterol absorption and synthesis in different metabolic disorders: A systematic review$$$ Non-cholesterol sterols are validated biomarkers for intestinal cholesterol absorption and endogenous cholesterol synthesis. However, their use in metabolic disturbances has not been systematically explored. Therefore, we conducted a systematic review to provide an overview of non-cholesterol sterols as markers for cholesterol metabolism in different metabolic disorders. Potentially relevant studies were retrieved by a systematic search of three databases in July 2018 and ninety-four human studies were included. Cholesterol-standardized levels of campesterol, sitosterol and cholestanol were collected to reflect cholesterol absorption and those of lathosterol and desmosterol to reflect cholesterol synthesis. Their use as biomarkers was examined in the following metabolic disorders: overweight/obesity (n = 16), diabetes mellitus (n = 15), metabolic syndrome (n = 5), hyperlipidemia (n = 11), cardiovascular disease (n = 17), and diseases related to intestine (n = 16), liver (n = 22) or kidney (n = 2). In general, markers for cholesterol absorption and synthesis displayed reciprocal patterns, showing that cholesterol metabolism is tightly regulated by the interplay of intestinal absorption and endogenous synthesis. Distinctive patterns for cholesterol absorption or cholesterol synthesis could be identified, suggesting that metabolic disorders can be classified as ‘cholesterol absorbers or cholesterol synthesizers’. Future studies should be performed to confirm or refute these findings and to examine whether this information can be used for targeted (dietary) interventions.
Maternal resveratrol administration protects against gestational diabetes-induced glucose intolerance and islet dysfunction in the rat offspring$$$ Key points: Maternal resveratrol (RESV) administration in gestational diabetes (GDM) restored normoglycaemia and insulin secretion. GDM-induced obesity was prevented in male GDM+RESV offspring but not in females. GDM+RESV offspring exhibited improved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity. GDM+RESV restored hepatic glucose homeostasis in offspring. Glucose-stimulated insulin secretion was enhanced in GDM+RESV offspring. Abstract: Gestational diabetes (GDM), the most common complication of pregnancy, is associated with adverse metabolic health outcomes in offspring. Using a rat model of diet-induced GDM, we investigated whether maternal resveratrol (RESV) supplementation (147 mg kg–1 day–1) in the third week of pregnancy could improve maternal glycaemia and protect the offspring from developing metabolic dysfunction. Female Sprague–Dawley rats consumed a high-fat and sucrose (HFS) diet to induce GDM. Lean controls consumed a low-fat (LF) diet. In the third trimester, when maternal hyperglycaemia was observed, the HFS diet was supplemented with RESV. At weaning, offspring were randomly assigned a LF or HFS diet until 15 weeks of age. In pregnant dams, RESV restored glucose tolerance, normoglycaemia and improved insulin secretion. At 15 weeks of age, GDM+RESV-HFS male offspring were less obese than the GDM-HFS offspring. By contrast, the female GDM+RESV-HFS offspring were similarly as obese as the GDM-HFS group. Hepatic steatosis, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance and dysregulated gluconeogenesis were observed in the male GDM offspring and were attenuated in the offspring of GDM+RESV dams. The dysregulation of several metabolic genes (e.g. ppara, lpl, pepck and g6p) in the livers of GDM offspring was attenuated in the GDM+RESV offspring group. Glucose stimulated insulin secretion was also improved in the islets from offspring of GDM+RESV dams. Thus, maternal RESV supplementation during the third trimester of pregnancy and lactation induced several beneficial metabolic health outcomes for both mothers and offspring. Therefore, RESV could be an alternative to current GDM treatments.
The melatonin receptor 1B polymorphism (rs10830963) might be associated with hyperlipidemia & fatty liver diseases in Korean population$$$ Introduction: Melatonin Receptor 1B is a receptor for melatonin (the primary hormone secreted by the pineal gland). Several studies suggested the link between disturbances in melatonin production and impaired insulin, glucose, lipid metabolism and antioxidant capacity [1]. Also, genome-wide association studies reported an intro-ninc single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP: rs10830963) as a candidate variant of glucose homeostasis and type 2 diabetes [2-5]. In Korean population study, the rs10830963 was significantly associated with gestational diabetes mel-litus [7]. Materials & Methods: We tested the association in a Korean population which was recruited by direct-to-consumer genetic predisposition service (GeneStyle-DirectTM, TherageneEtex Co., Ltd.). From Jul. 2016 to Nov. 2016, total 272 individuals were participated and obtained the written informed consents. We obtained the self-assessment questionnaire which including the items such as birth year, sex, height, weight, waist circumference, and the disease history of hyperlipidemia, type 2 diabetes mel-litus, and fatty liver disease. Among the participants, 80% answered the disease history questionnaire. We conducted the chi-square test and logistic regression analysis for disease histories with controlling age, sex, body mass index, waist circumference. Results: The risk allele genotype was significantly enriched in the case groups of all disease histories. Logistic regression analysis showed the risk allele increased the risk of hyperlipidemia (odds ratio = 2.959, p-value = 0.007), Type 2 diabetes mellitus (odds ratio = 5.150, p-value = 0.021), and fatty liver disease (odds ratio = 2.472, p = 0.029). Conclusion: Conclusively, we confirmed the association between MTNR1B gene polymorphism and metabolic diseases.
In vitro fertilization (IVF): Early-onset preeclampsia before 16 weeks' gestation$$$ Introduction: Preeclampsia is a hypertensive pregnancy disorder diagnosed in women presenting with new onset hypertension and proteinuria > 20 weeks gestation. IVF has been suggested as a risk factor for preeclampsia. We describe a rare case of early onset preeclampsia < 20 weeks gestation conceived via IVF. Case Description: A 38-year-old G2P0010 patient at 15w5d gestation conceived via IVF presented with headache and worsening bilateral lower extremity swelling. She was experiencing intermittent headaches and occasional foamy urine for a few weeks before presentation. No past or family history of renal disease. BP was 230/107mm Hg at presentation, UA showed >500 mg/dl protein with no hematuria, 24-hour urine protein was 18 gm/day, serum creatinine 0.76 mg/dl, ALT 88 IU/L, AST 55 IU/L, Platelets 165 K/μL. Transvaginal ultrasound(US) confirmed stated gestational age. Renal US was unremarkable. Relevant serologies were negative. Renal biopsy (see image) showed glomerular capillary endotheliosis and new subendothelial basement membrane (BM) formation creating BM double contours consistent with preeclampsia. The patient opted for termination of pregnancy at 17w2d. BP, transaminitis and proteinuria normalized after one week of pregnancy termination. Discussion: Preeclampsia presenting before 20 weeks gestation is rare, and a case associated with IVF as a sole risk factor is unique. Other conditions like molar pregnancy, triploidy, lupus nephritis, antiphospholipid antibody syndrome, thrombotic thrombocytopenia, acute fatty liver of pregnancy, hemolytic uremic syndrome and fetal hydrops should be excluded. Common risk factors for preeclampsia are prior preeclampsia, chronic hypertension, pre-gestational diabetes, obesity and IVF. Embryo preservation, implantation techniques and placental development with IVF have been suggested as a cause for this serious systemic hypertensive disorder. This is the first reported case of early-onset preeclampsia before 16 weeks gestation with IVF.
Genetic variation in TCF7L2 rs7903146 and history of GDM negatively and independently impact on diabetes-associated metabolic traits$$$ Aims: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is recognized as a major risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) later in life. Risk allele carriers at TCF7L2 rs7903146 have increased susceptibility for both GDM and T2DM. We hypothesized that carrying TCF7L2 risk alleles would further aggravate the negative impact of a positive history for GDM on metabolic traits related to T2DM later in life. Methods: 210 women with a confirmed history of gestational diabetes and 810 controls without evidence for GDM underwent standardized 75 g oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT). Liver fat was quantified in a subset of subjects (n = 444) using magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Results: 504 women were homozygous or heterozygous risk allele carriers. The risk allele carriers had a higher risk for GDM (p = 0.0076, OR 1.52, 95% CI 1.11–2.06). Multivariable regression analysis demonstrated that both a history of GDM, or carrying a TCF7L2 risk allele resulted in lower insulin secretion, impaired proinsulin processing and higher fasting and 2-hour glucose levels. Liver fat content was not associated with either a history of GDM or a TCF7L2 risk genotype. There was no significant interaction (all p > 0.05) between history of GDM and TCF7L2 risk alleles on all diabetes-associated metabolic traits tested. Conclusion: The TCF7L2 rs7903146 polymorphism is a risk factor for gestational diabetes. However, the additional presence of TCF7L2 rs7903146 risk alleles does not further aggravate the negative impact of a history of gestational diabetes on metabolic traits related to T2DM.
Beyond fertility: polycystic ovary syndrome and long-term health$$$ Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a reproductive, endocrine, and metabolic disorder affecting millions of women worldwide. Women with PCOS are often identified in adolescence or early adulthood with symptoms of oligomenorrhea or hirsutism or when presenting for infertility care. The health risks associated out of PCOS, however, go far beyond management of these common presenting symptoms or fertility treatment and likely extend past the reproductive years through and beyond menopause. International surveys suggest that most patients are dissatisfied with long-term counseling related to medical and psychologic issues. We performed a review of comorbidities, including diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, obesity, hypertension, metabolic syndrome, depression, anxiety, obstructive sleep apnea, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, endometrial cancer, and cardiovascular disease, in both reproductive-age and older women with PCOS. Most meta-analyses in reproductive-age women demonstrate increased risks independent from obesity. Longitudinal and cross-sectional studies including women with PCOS >40 years of age are limited in number and design, but many demonstrate that some of these comorbidities persist. All providers involved in the multidimensional care of women with PCOS should be aware of these long-term health risks to provide appropriate counseling, screening, and management options. We identify limitations that should be the focus of future studies designed to study health outcomes in postmenopausal women with PCOS.
Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: A population-based cohort study$$$ Background and aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse perinatal outcomes, and increased risk of postnatal type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, whether GDM increases the risk of developing incident Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) is unclear and has not been well examined in previous studies. This is important considering the significant health burden of NAFLD and the opportunity to interfere in high risk population in order to reduce the risk of developing end-stage liver disease. Materials and methods:We conducted a retrospective cohort study after extracting data from a large primary care database in the United Kingdom. The cohort consisted of 9,640 women with GDM diagnosis and 31,296 control women, matched for age, body mass index (BMI) and time of pregnancy. All study participants were free from NAFLD diagnosis at study entry. Results: Mean (standard deviation) age of the whole cohort was 32.62 (SD:5.34) years and BMI 28.62 (SD:6.10) kg/m2. There were 44 (0.46%) and 41 (0.13%) NAFLD incident diagnosis in the GDM and control population respectively over a median follow-up of 2.87 (IQR 1.16- 5.81) years. Unadjusted incidence rate ratio (IRR) for NAFLD development was 3.28 (95% CI 2.14-5.02). After adjusting for age, Townsend (deprivation) quintile, smoking, BMI and Metformin usage; women with GDM remained at increased risk of developing NAFLD compared to women without GDM(IRR 2.95; 95%CI 1.91-4.55). Further adjustment for the diagnosis of polycystic ovarian syndrome, hypertension, hypothyroidism, and lipids lowering treatment did not change our findings (IRR 2.83; 95%CI 1.83-4.38). Conclusion: Women diagnosed with GDM were at significantly increased risk of NAFLD development in their post-delivery life compared to women without GDM. Clinicians should have a low threshold to investigate women with history of GDM for the presence of NAFLD. Future studies need to examine whether lifestyle or pharmacological interventions could reduce the risk of developing NAFLD in women with history of GDM.
A Narrative Review of Medical and Genetic Risk Factors among Children Age 5 and Younger with Severe Obesity$$$ Severe obesity defined as an age- and gender-specific body mass index ≥120% of the 95th percentile in children younger than 5 years is well recognized as a significant challenge for prevention and treatment. This article provides an overview of the prevalence, classification of obesity severity, patterns of weight gain trajectory, medical and genetic risk factors, and comorbid disorders among young children with an emphasis on severe obesity. Studies suggest rapid weight gain trajectory in infancy, maternal smoking, maternal gestational diabetes, and genetic conditions are associated with an increased risk for severe obesity in early childhood. Among populations of young children with severe obesity seeking care, co-morbid conditions such as dyslipidemia and fatty liver disease are present and families report behavioral concerns and developmental delays. Children with severe obesity by age 5 represent a vulnerable population of children at high medical risk and need to be identified early and appropriately managed.
Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a population-based cohort study$$$ Background and aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse perinatal outcomes, and increased risk of postnatal type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, whether GDM increases the risk of developing incident Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) is unclear and has not been well examined in previous studies. This is important considering the significant health burden of NAFLD and the opportunity to interfere in high risk population in order to reduce the risk of developing end-stage liver disease. Materials and methods:We conducted a retrospective cohort study after extracting data from a large primary care database in the United Kingdom. The cohort consisted of 9,640 women with GDM diagnosis and 31,296 control women, matched for age, body mass index (BMI) and time of pregnancy. All study participants were free from NAFLD diagnosis at study entry. Results: Mean (standard deviation) age of the whole cohort was 32.62 (SD:5.34) years and BMI 28.62 (SD:6.10) kg/m2. There were 44 (0.46%) and 41 (0.13%) NAFLD incident diagnosis in the GDM and control population respectively over a median follow-up of 2.87 (IQR 1.16- 5.81) years. Unadjusted incidence rate ratio (IRR) for NAFLD development was 3.28 (95% CI 2.14-5.02). After adjusting for age, Townsend (deprivation) quintile, smoking, BMI and Metformin usage; women with GDM remained at increased risk of developing NAFLD compared to women without GDM(IRR 2.95; 95%CI 1.91-4.55). Further adjustment for the diagnosis of polycystic ovarian syndrome, hypertension, hypothyroidism, and lipids lowering treatment did not change our findings (IRR 2.83; 95%CI 1.83-4.38). Conclusion: Women diagnosed with GDM were at significantly increased risk of NAFLD development in their post-delivery life compared to women without GDM. Clinicians should have a low threshold to investigate women with history of GDM for the presence of NAFLD. Future studies need to examine whether lifestyle or pharmacological interventions could reduce the risk of developing NAFLD in women with history of GDM.
Hepatic fat and glucose tolerance in women with recent gestational diabetes$$$ Objective Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an elevated risk of ultimately developing pre-diabetes and diabetes later in life. They also have an increased prevalence of fatty liver, but recent studies have reported conflicting findings on whether hepatic fat affects their risk of pre-diabetes/diabetes. Thus, we sought to evaluate the associations of liver fat with glucose homeostasis and determinants thereof in women with and without recent gestational dysglycemia. Methods Two hundred and fifty-seven women underwent an antepartum oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), which diagnosed 97 with GDM, 40 with gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT), and 120 with normal glucose tolerance (NGT). At a mean of 4.8 years post partum, they underwent an OGTT (which revealed that 52 had progressed to pre-diabetes/diabetes) and hepatic ultrasound, on which liver fat was graded as none (n=164), mild (n=66), or moderate (n=27). Results Liver fat was more prevalent in women with previous GDM than in those with GIGT or NGT (p=0.009) and in women with current pre-diabetes/diabetes than in those without (p=0.0003). As the severity of liver fat increased, there was a progressive worsening of insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function, coupled with rising fasting and 2-hour glucose (all p<0.0001). On multiple linear regression analyses, moderate liver fat was independently associated with lower insulin sensitivity (p=0.0002) and higher 2-hour glucose (p=0.009). Moreover, moderate liver fat emerged as an independent predictor of pre-diabetes/diabetes (OR=3.66, 95% CI 1.1 to 12.5). Conclusion The higher prevalence of liver fat in women with previous GDM is associated with their increased risk of pre-diabetes/diabetes.
Prediabetes Directly Deteriorates into Diabetic Ketoacidosis and Hyperosmolar Hyperglycemic Syndrome Triggered by Acute Pancreatitis: A Case Report Illustrating a “Chicken and Egg” Paradigm in Ketosis-Prone Diabetes$$$ Introduction: Diabetic crises occur most often in patients with type 1 diabetes and occasionally in type 2 diabetes, especially under stressful conditions. However, a diabetic crisis occurring directly from prediabetes is an unusual phenomenon. Case Report: A 45-year-old woman presented with postprandial left upper quadrant abdominal pain, nausea, and vomiting. She had a past medical history of prediabetes with impaired fasting glucose and HbA1c 6.4%. On admission, routine laboratory tests showed high anion gap metabolic acidosis (pH 6.92), anion gap 41 mmol/L, blood glucose 931 mg/dL, beta-hydroxybutyrate 28 mmol/L, and calculated effective osmolarity 322 mOsm/kg; she was diagnosed with diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) and hyperosmolar hyperglycemic syndrome (HHS), and DKA-related abdominal pain. Later, the patient was found to have elevated lipase and amylase, and diagnosed with acute pancreatitis. Since DKA can induce abdominal pain and nonspecific lipase elevation, both of which are characteristics of acute pancreatitis, while acute pancreatitis can conversely trigger DKA, there exists a “chicken and egg” paradigm. Therefore, the differential diagnosis is discussed. Conclusion: It is important to differentiate DKA from concomitant causes of abdominal pain to avoid missing the underlying etiology, which can be the trigger for DKA. During diabetic crises, treating the underlying trigger is just as important as managing metabolic derangements in order to achieve favorable outcomes; meanwhile, managing acute pancreatitis-associated hyperglycemia can promote recovery. Additionally, diabetic crisis that directly evolves from prediabetes illustrates an atypical form of diabetes called ketosis-prone diabetes; we briefly discuss its clinical characteristics, classification, and follow-up.
The renal manifestations of type 4 familial partial lipodystrophy: A case report and review of literature$$$ Background: Lipodystrophy syndromes are rare disorders of variable body fat loss associated with potentially serious metabolic complications. Familial partial lipodystrophy (FPLD) is mostly inherited as an autosomal dominant disorder. Renal involvement has only been reported in a limited number of cases of FPLD. Herein, we present a rare case of proteinuria associated with type 4 FPLD, which is characterized by a heterozygous mutation in PLIN1 and has not been reported with renal involvement until now. Case presentation: A 15-year-old girl presented with insulin resistance, hypertriglyceridaemia, hepatic steatosis and proteinuria. Her glucose and glycated haemoglobin levels were within normal laboratory reference ranges. A novel heterozygous frameshift mutation in PLIN1 was identified in the patient and her mother. The kidney biopsy showed glomerular enlargement and focal segmental glomerulosclerosis under light microscopy; the electron microscopy results fit with segmental thickening of the glomerular basement membrane. Treatment with an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEI) decreased 24-h protein excretion. Conclusions: We report the first case of proteinuria and renal biopsy in a patient with FPLD4. Gene analysis demonstrated a novel heterozygous frameshift mutation in PLIN1 in this patient and her mother. Treatment with ACEI proved to be beneficial.
Management of prediabetes$$$ Prediabetes is an intermediate stage of hyperglycaemia, characterized by impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance and/ or an HbA1c ranging from 5.7-6.4%. Prediabetes is associated with an increased risk of progression to overt diabetes and increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Several intervention studies have demonstrated that onset of diabetes can be prevented or delayed with intensive lifestyle modification and oral antidiabetic agents including metformin, thiazolidinediones and alpha-glucosidase inhibitors. Prediabetes management should focus on lifestyle modification and multiple risk factor management. In cases at high risk, use of oral antidiabetic agents may be considered.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in the first trimester and subsequent development of gestational diabetes: A prospective cohort study$$$ Background and Aims: Recent evidences suggest that nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with impaired glucose tolerance and may be a manifestation of metabolic syndrome. We explored whether NAFLD can also be an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes in pregnant women. Method: In this prospective cohort study, singleton pregnant women were assessed for NAFLD at 10-14 weeks by two different approaches: (1) the appearance of the liver on ultrasound and (2) the Fatty Liver-Index (FLI). Stored maternal blood samples at the time of liver ultrasound were assayed for adiponectin and selenoprotein. Patients were screened for gestational diabetes using the two-step approach (50 g oral glucose screening test followed by 100 g glucose tolerance test) at 24-28 weeks. Results: (1) Among 608 women enrolled in the study, the prevalence of NAFLD was 18.4% based on liver ultrasound, and 5.9% (36/608) of women developed gestational diabetes; (2) Patients with gestational diabetes had higher rate of fatty liver in ultrasound, and had also higher fatty liver index; (3) The risk of subsequent gestational diabetes was significantly increased in cases with NFALD, and appeared to be related to the severity of the disease. This relationship between NAFLD and gestational diabetes remained significant after adjustment for clinical variables and HOMA-IR; (4) The prediction model constructed with clinical factors and fatty liver index predicted better the risk of gestational diabetes than that with clinical factors alone; (5) The maternal serumadiponectin and selenoprotein were closely correlated with both NAFLD and the risk for gestational diabetes. Conclusion: The sonographic and/or biochemical evidence of NAFLD in early pregnancy is an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes. Both adiponectin and selenoprotein may be the biomarker linking NAFLD and gestational diabetes.
Maternal dietary patterns and the risk of large-for-gestational age births$$$ Background and Aims: Large-for-gestational age (LGA) births is associated with an increased risk of pediatric obesity and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). NAFLD is frequently first identified by elevated serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT). Elevated ALT levels in pregnant women are associated with an increased risk of LGA births. However, there is limited evidence on the association between the maternal dietary patterns and LGA. We aimed to identify the maternal dietary patterns among Japanese pregnant women that associated with an increased risk of LGA births. Method: This case-control study enrolled pregnant women with LGA or appropriate-for-gestational age (AGA) infants attending our hospital from 26-5-2015 to 25-10-2017. LGA was defined as birthweight >90th percentile for gestational age. Exclusion criteria were as follows: multiple gestations, diabetes mellitus (DM), gestational DM, hepatitis virus, and alcohol use in pregnancy. We collected information on maternal diet using a food frequency questionnaire at three time points: first, second, and third trimester. Maternal ALT levels were measured in the third trimester. In addition, to investigate whether genetic background acts as a related factor of LGA births, PNPLA3 polymorphism (rs738409) and microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTP) polymorphism (rs1800591) were determined using ABI PRISM 377 DNA sequencer. Maternal baseline characteristics were compared between the LGA and AGA groups with statistical analysis of Student's t-test and chi-square test or Fisher exact test. A two-tailed P < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: Of 541 recruited pregnant women, we identified 46 women with LGA infants and 414 women with AGA infants. The dropout rate was 7.0%. The maternal body weight gain during pregnancy, logtransformed ALT levels and total energy intake at third trimester were significantly higher in the LGA group than in the AGA group. The intake of low-fat dairy products per 1,000 kcal of energy intake in the LGA group was significantly lower than that in the AGA group. In addition, rates of keeping in mind eating vegetable and fish in the LGA group were significantly lower than in the AGA group. There were no differences in glucose levels, maternal age, pre-pregnancy body mass index, genotype and allele frequency of PNPLA3 and MTP, and intake of normal- and high-fat dairy products between the two groups. Conclusion: These findings suggest that some maternal dietary patterns are associated with an increased risk of LGA births. Further studies will be required to clarify these issues in the future. (Figure presented).
Letrozole treatment of pubertal female mice results in impaired insulin action in skeletal muscle$$$ Approximately 6-15% of women worldwide are affected by polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Although PCOS was originally described as a reproductive disorder with associated obesity, over 30 years of clinical research have confirmed that it is also a metabolic disorder. Hyperandrogenism is the strongest predictor of metabolic dysfunction associated with PCOS. In addition to infertility, women with PCOS diagnosed with hyperandrogenism and ovulatory dysfunction have an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. We previously developed a mouse model that uses the aromatase inhibitor, letrozole to elevate endogenous testosterone levels in female mice. This mouse model has hallmarks of PCOS including hyperandrogenism, anovulation and polycystic ovaries. In addition, we showed that letrozole treatment results in increased weight, abdominal adiposity, dysglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and insulin resistance. In the current study, we further characterized the metabolic dysfunction that occurs after letrozole treatment to determine whether systemic impairment in insulin sensitivity is associated with lower insulin-stimulated glucose disposal in peripheral insulin target tissues, such as liver or skeletal muscle. We performed hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp studies and observed that letrozole-treated mice were indeed insulin resistant independent of body weight. Additionally, letrozole-treated mice had an overall lower glucose infusion rate and glucose turnover, when normalized to body weight. Moreover, letrozole-treated mice exhibited an impaired insulin-stimulated glucose disposal rate, which is indicative of insulin resistance in skeletal muscle. In contrast, there was no difference observed in insulin-stimulated suppression of hepatic glucose production. Lastly, ex vivo 2-deoxyglucose uptake into skeletal muscle upon insulin stimulation was significantly reduced in letrozole-treated mice compared to placebo. These results are in agreement with our previous findings that indicated skeletal muscle-specific insulin signaling (as measured by AKT phosphorylation) was blunted in letrozole-treated mice. In summary, we demonstrated that the letrozole-induced PCOS mouse model exhibits impaired insulin action in skeletal muscle. Future studies will focus on mechanisms involved in skeletal insulin resistance in this mouse model.
Letrozole treatment of pubertal female mice results in impaired insulin action in skeletal muscle$$$ Approximately 6-15% of women worldwide are affected by polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Although PCOS was originally described as a reproductive disorder with associated obesity, over 30 years of clinical research have confirmed that it is also a metabolic disorder. Hyperandrogenism is the strongest predictor of metabolic dysfunction associated with PCOS. In addition to infertility, women with PCOS diagnosed with hyperandrogenism and ovulatory dysfunction have an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. We previously developed a mouse model that uses the aromatase inhibitor, letrozole to elevate endogenous testosterone levels in female mice. This mouse model has hallmarks of PCOS including hyperandrogenism, anovulation and polycystic ovaries. In addition, we showed that letrozole treatment results in increased weight, abdominal adiposity, dysglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and insulin resistance. In the current study, we further characterized the metabolic dysfunction that occurs after letrozole treatment to determine whether systemic impairment in insulin sensitivity is associated with lower insulin-stimulated glucose disposal in peripheral insulin target tissues, such as liver or skeletal muscle. We performed hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp studies of body weight. Additionally, letrozole-treated mice had an overall lower glucose infusion rate and glucose turnover, when normalized to body weight. Moreover, letrozole-treated mice exhibited an impaired insulin-stimulated glucose disposal rate, which is indicative of insulin resistance in skeletal muscle. In contrast, there was no difference observed in insulin-stimulated suppression of hepatic glucose production. These results are in agreement with our previous findings that indicated skeletal muscle-specific insulin signaling (as measured by AKT phosphorylation) was blunted in letrozole-treated mice. In summary, we demonstrated that the letrozole-induced PCOS mouse model exhibits impaired insulin action in skeletal muscle. Future studies will focus on mechanisms involved in skeletal insulin resistance in this mouse model.
The brown-fat-secreted adipokine neuregulin 4 is decreased in gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Aims: Neuregulin 4 has recently been recognized as a novel adipokine secreted by brown adipose tissue (BAT), with beneficial effects on murine insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis. Yet, thus far, neither regulation of neuregulin 4 in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) nor its longitudinal changes in the peripartum period have been elucidated. Methods: Circulating neuregulin 4 levels were measured by ELISA in 74 women with GDM and 74 healthy, gestational-age-matched controls. Also, neuregulin 4 was quantified during pregnancy and compared with postpartum levels in a follow-up study of 25 women with previous GDM and 25 healthy control women. Results: Women with GDM had lower median serum levels of the novel BAT-secreted adipokine neuregulin 4 (3.0 μg/L) compared with healthy (non-GDM) pregnant controls (3.5 μg/L; P = 0.020), and the area under the glucose curve (AUCGlucose) was an independent and negative predictor of circulating neuregulin 4 (P = 0.033). Also, median postpartum serum concentrations of neuregulin 4 (3.2 μg/L) were not significantly different from prepartum levels (2.8 μg/L; P = 0.328). In addition, neuregulin 4 was positively and independently associated with irisin (P = 0.009), but not other BAT-secreted adipokines. Conclusion/interpretation: Women with GDM have significantly lower circulating neuregulin 4 levels compared with healthy pregnant controls, and the AUCGlucose is negatively and independently associated with neuregulin 4 during pregnancy. Neuregulin 4 is positively correlated with irisin during pregnancy, as well as in a longitudinal fashion. Future studies are now needed to better elucidate the precise pathomechanisms of the regulation of BAT-secreted adipokines during pregnancy.
Irisin in metabolic diseases$$$ Introduction: Irisin is a myokine/adipokine induced by the exercise in mice and humans, which is proposed to induce “browning” of white adipose tissue, its primary target, thus increasing thermogenesis and energy expenditure. Since its identification, irisin has been linked to favorable effects on metabolic diseases, including obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), lipid metabolism and cardiovascular disease (CVD), nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), and metabolic bone diseases. Generally, despite the promising profile of irisin in rodents, its effects on human are less recognized. Review: Most, but not all studies show a positive association between irisin and indices of adiposity. In T2DM, NAFLD, and CVD, most observational studies reported lower irisin levels in patients than controls. Regarding metabolic bone diseases, irisin is positively associated with bone mineral density and strength in athletes, and inversely associated with osteoporotic fractures in postmenopausal osteoporosis. In PCOS, data remain largely conflicting. Irisin does not seem to be further reduced when two metabolic diseases, e.g., T2DM and NAFLD, or obesity and NAFLD exist though more data are needed. Furthermore, it seems that diverse confounders may have affected the results of different clinical studies. Conclusion: Irisin remains an appealing molecule from a pathophysiological point of view and an appealing therapeutic target for metabolic diseases, albeit much research is still needed.
Fetal Overnutrition and Adolescent Hepatic Fat Fraction: the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes in Children Study$$$ Objective To determine if fetal overnutrition resulting from maternal obesity or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased liver fat during adolescence, adjusting for past and current metabolic risk factors. Study design Data come from a historical prospective cohort study (Exploring Perinatal Outcomes in Children) of 254 mother-child pairs in Colorado who participated in 2 research visits at T1 (mean age 10.4, SD = 1.5 years) and at T2 (mean age 16.4, SD = 1.5 years), and had complete exposure and outcome data. Multiple linear regression was used to evaluate the effects of pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and GDM on hepatic fat fraction (HFF) by magnetic resonance imaging at T2. Results Maternal pre-pregnancy obesity (BMI 30+) was significantly associated (β = 1.59, CI = 0.66, 2.52) with increased HFF relative to mothers with normal pre-pregnancy weight (BMI <25) independent of maternal GDM and sociodemographic factors. Moreover, this association was independent of T2 and T1 metabolic risk factors (acanthosis nigricans, BMI, fasting glucose) (β = 1.03, CI = 0.10, 1.97). Prenatal GDM exposure was not associated with HFF in either unadjusted or adjusted models. Conclusions Maternal pre-pregnancy obesity was associated with increased HFF in offspring independent of childhood and adolescent adiposity. Intervention studies are needed to test the hypothesis that maternal obesity is a modifiable risk factor for childhood fatty liver disease.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in the first trimester as a risk factor for large-for-gestationalage birthweight: A prospective study$$$ OBJECTIVE: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a recognized hepatic manifestation of metabolic disease in adults and has been associated with the development of gestational diabetes (GDM). Hepatic insulin resistance can result in increased release of glucose (from glycogen breakdown) and free fatty acids (due to enhanced lipolysis), which can lead in turn to fetal overgrowth. However, the relationship between maternal metabolic factors (such as circulating levels of triglycerides, free fatty acids, or leptin) and excessive fetal birthweight has not been carefully examined. In this study, we evaluated the relationship between NAFLD and the subsequent risk of large-for-gestational-age (LGA) birthweight. STUDY DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis of a large prospective cohort study designed to examine the risk of GDM in women with NAFLD. Singleton nondiabetic pregnant women were evaluated for the presence of fatty liver at 10-14 weeks of gestation by abdominal ultrasound. The degree of fatty liver was classified as normal, mild, and moderate/severe. LGA was defined as birthweight >90th percentile for gestational age using data derived from a Korean population. RESULTS: A total of 623 women were included in the analysis. The frequency of LGA was 10.9% (68/623). 18.9% (118/623) had NAFLD [mild fatty liver 14.4% (90/623) and moderate/severe fatty liver in 4.5% (28/623)]. The risk of LGA increased significantly in patients with moderate/severe fatty liver in the first trimester (the risk of LGA, 10.1% in normal liver echogenicity vs. 8.9% in mild fatty liver vs. 32.1% in moderate/severe fatty liver, p<0.005) (Figure). The relationship between moderate/severe fatty liver and LGA remained significant after adjustment for pre-gestational BMI, GDM, and maternal serum triglyceride levels (RR 3.228; 95% CI 1.185-8.795). CONCLUSION: The presence of moderate/severe fatty liver on ultrasound in early pregnancy was associated with the increased risk of delivering an LGA infant, even after adjustment for GDM. (Figure Presented).
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in pregnancy and associated feto-maternal outcomes in a tertiary care hospital in Dhaka, Bangladesh$$$ Background: Non Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) is a growing public health concern globally. NAFLD has been linked with adverse pregnancy outcomes. We aimed to describe the clinical and laboratory profile and pregnancy outcomes of patients with fatty liver disease. Method: We conducted the study from January 2017 to October 2017 at a tertiary care teaching hospital in Dhaka, Bangladesh. We enrolled pregnant women who consented to participate in the study. We collected demographic and clinical information using a pre-tested questionnaire. We investigated for evidence of fatty liver disease by ultrasonographs. Other investigations which included blood glucose level, lipid profile and liver function tests were also performed. Pregnancy outcomes of all enrolled participants were recorded during delivery. Result: We enrolled 103 patients. Mean age of the patients was 27 years (range 18-39 years). Eighteen patients were enrolled during first trimester, 32 in second and 53 in third trimesters. Of 103, 3 (2.9%) patients had known history of fatty liver disease, 11 (10.7%) had hypertension, 11 (10.7%) had Gestational Diabetes Mellitus but none had previous history of Diabetes Mellitus. Among 103 patients, 8 (7.8%) patients had previous pregnancy related complications and 32 (31%) had foetal complications including still birth, abortion, neonatal death and intrauterine death (IUD). Of all patients, 92 (89%) had grade 1, 10 (9.7%) had grade 2 and one (0.9%) patient had grade 3 fatty liver. Of 103, 35 (32%) patients had high fasting blood sugar level and 26 (24.1%) patients had positive Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT). Of all patients, 31% (34/103) had a high cholesterol level, none had abnormal High Density Lipid (HDL), 5.8% (6/103) had high Low Density Lipid (LDL) and 78.6% (81/103) had high Triglyceride (TG) level. Of 103 patients, USG identified 3 patients with abnormal foetal profile. Only 2 patients had adverse pregnancy outcome: one IUD and one abortion. Conclusion: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease increases the risk of maternal and foetal complications. Pregnant women should regularly screen for fatty liver disease for early detection and intervention.
Hepatic elimination of drugs in gestational diabetes$$$ Background: The liver is the major metabolic clearance organ for chemical agents from the human body. Pregnancy is associated with several physiological changes that may affect one or more of these factors, and also induces changes in the hepatic clearance of certain drugs. The aim of this paper was to review some of the currently available information in the field to provide some insights about the relevance of these changes on the clearance of some drugs. Methods: A comprehensive literature search was carried out to identify eligible studies from MEDLINE/PubMed, EMBASE and SCIELO databases through 1970 first semester. Results: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a frequent disease commonly associated with other entities as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, prothrombotic conditions, changes in intestinal microbiome. These entities, together with the glycemic fluctuations associated with GDM might affect the determinants of the hepatic clearance (hepatic blood flow, the unbound fraction of drugs, and the hepatic intrinsic clearance). GDM is frequently associated with multi-drug treatments. While many of these drugs are cleared by the liver, little is known about the clinical relevance of these GDM associated pharmacokinetic changes. Conclusion: Considering the frequency of the disease and the effects that these pharmacokinetic changes might have on the mother and child, the need for further research seems advisable. In the meantime, cautious clinical judgment in the management of drug administration in women affected by this disease is recommended.
Pathogenesis of insulin resistance in pregnant women with obesity$$$ OBJECTIVE: Introduction: Obesity is one of the most important medical and social problems in many countries of the world, as it is associated with the development of the most common non-communicable diseases: cardiovascular, type II diabetes mellitus, motor disorders, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NHAHP) and others. The aim of this paper is to analyze the pathogenetic mechanisms of insulin resistance development in pregnant women with varying obesity degrees in early and late gestation periods.
Lymphocytic hypophysitis: A challenge to diagnose postpartum$$$ Introduction: Hypernatremia during pregnancy is not commonly encountered. Additionally, differentiating between transient diabetes insipidus of pregnancy from central or nephrogenic diabetes insipidus during pregnancy poses additional dilemma. Moreover, lymphocytic hypophysitis as an etiologic disorder contributing to the hypernatremia is rare. Here, we report a complex case of lymphocytic hypophysis diagnosed postpartum. Case Description: A 32 year old, 37 weeks pregnant female underwent emergent cesarean section due to concerns for fetal compromise and acute fatty liver of pregnancy. Preoperative labs were notable for acute kidney injury (creatinine 3.3mg/dL), elevated liver enzymes (AST 259 U/L, ALT 536 U/L, TB 5.1 mg/dL), significant coagulopathy, and hypoglycemia. Her presenting sodium was 141 mmol/L which progressively increased and peaked to 156 mmol/L post operatively with 5 to 7L urine output daily. Per patient, for approximately 1.5 weeks prior to presentation, she had been experiencing significant polyuria and polydipsia. Urine osmolality was 137 mosm/kg. At first, her hypernatremia was attributed to transient gestational diabetes insipidus associated with pregnancy amplified by acute fatty liver of pregnancy, however further workup changed the diagnosis to central diabetes insipidus secondary to hypophysitis due to ACTH <5pg/mL, A.M. cortisol 0.8 ug/dL, FSH 0.3IU/L, LH <0.1IU/L, TSH 0.28uL/mL, and FT4 0.6ng/dL. Furthermore, MRI of the brain revealed absence of the normal pituitary bright spot, and thickened pituitary stalk. She was started on prednisone, ddavp, and levothyroxine and did well. Six months postpartum her MRI brain revealed resolution of the thickened pituitary stalk, reappearance of the pituitary bright spot, as well as a smaller pituitary gland. She still remains on oral desmopressin as well as levothyroxine supplementation. Discussion: Diagnosing lymphocytic hypophysitis in the postpartum period can be a challenge. Although rare, most cases occur in late pregnancy or in the postpartum period and one must keep this in the differential when evaluating a pregnant or postpartum woman with hypernatremia. Multidisciplinary team approach and expertise involving the endocrinologist, nephrologist, and obstetrician is important for quick diagnosis and for prompt treatment to avoid life threatening complications that could ensue.
Use and importance of nonhuman primates in metabolic disease research: Current state of the field$$$ Obesity and its multiple metabolic sequelae, including type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and fatty liver disease, are becoming increasingly widespread in both the developed and developing world. There is an urgent need to identify new approaches for the prevention and treatment of these costly and prevalent metabolic conditions. Accomplishing this will require the use of appropriate animal models for preclinical and translational investigations in metabolic disease research. Although studies in rodent models are often useful for target/pathway identification and testing hypotheses, there are important differences in metabolic physiology between rodents and primates, and experimental findings in rodent models have often failed to be successfully translated into new, clinically useful therapeutic modalities in humans. Nonhuman primates represent a valuable and physiologically relevant model that serve as a critical translational bridge between basic studies performed in rodent models and clinical studies in humans. The purpose of this review is to evaluate the evidence, including a number of specific examples, in support of the use of nonhuman primate models in metabolic disease research, as well as some of the disadvantages and limitations involved in the use of nonhuman primates. The evidence taken as a whole indicates that nonhuman primates are and will remain an indispensable resource for evaluating the efficacy and safety of novel therapeutic strategies targeting clinically important metabolic diseases, including dyslipidemia and atherosclerosis, type 2 diabetes, hepatic steatosis, steatohepatitis, and hepatic fibrosis, and potentially the cognitive decline and dementia associated with metabolic dysfunction, prior to taking these therapies into clinical trials in humans.
Inflamatory biomarkers, oxidative and antioxidative status$$$ Objectives: Metabolism of over-weight individuals could be exposed to risk of chronic low-grade pro-inflammatory effect and oxidative stress. New biomarkers of inflammatory and oxidative and antioxidant status have been studied recently. Total oxidant status (TOS), total antioxidant status (TAS) and inflammatory parameters can be clinical and diagnostic tools of medical condition such as osteoporosis, ankylosing spondylitis ,preterm rupture of membranes, neonatal diseases,Hashimoto's thyroiditis, psychological disorders,effects of exercise,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, gestational diabetes mellitus ,fatty liver disease, laparoscopic procedures, accompanying inflammatory condition like diabetic neuropathy, chronic hepatitis. Materials-Methods: In study, the over -weight group was 50 adults but otherwise healthy then other group age and sex-matched adults of normal-weight group was formed. For search, groups have been comprised of two groups with inflammatory biomarkers, TOS-TAS levels. The oxidative stress index (OSI) was computed as a marker of the grade of oxidative stress. Results: The over-weight group displayed higher levels of fasting glucose, insulin resistance, body mass index. Also, Higher TOS as well as CRP is related to the group and lower TAS than the normal-weight group is shown (p<0.05). CRP levels in plasma were positively correlated with insulin and glucose levels. (p<0.05). In addition, there was a significant relationship between OSI and insulin resistance in the over-weight group. (p<0.05) Conclusions: The coexistence of insulin resistance and free fatty acid output can cause proinflammatory cytokines and cellular stress including oxidative and endoplasmic reticulum stress. As well as a raise over weight-related subclinical inflammation (the risk of long-term vascular damage) and a fall antioxidant capacity is significant. Thus, Inflammatory TOS and TAS biomarkers can be used significant clinical and diagnostic tools of medical purposes.
A novel homozygous mutation causing lecithin–cholesterol acyltransferase deficiency in a proband of Romanian origin with a record of extreme gestational hyperlipidemia$$$ A patient from Romania with extraordinarily high total cholesterol levels and clinical and biochemical features consistent with familial lecithin–cholesterol acyltransferase deficiency is reported. The genetic analysis performed on our proband showed a novel homozygous mutation on codon 119 of lecithin–cholesterol acyltransferase gene that causes the substitution of glycine by aspartate. The same mutation, also in homozygosis, was observed in her older sister, whereas his brother presented it in heterozygosis.
Obstetric Outcomes in Women with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease$$$ Background: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is one of the most common chronic liver diseases in the Western world and yet there is little research into its impact on pregnancy. Methods: A literature review was conducted in the database PubMed, with articles published between 1990 and 2017. The selected studies addressed features specifically attributed to NAFLD and associated obstetric and neonatal outcomes. Nine studies met criteria. Our aim was to consolidate the limited literature and identify trends. Results: There was considerable heterogeneity in the diagnostic approach to NAFLD. Data are conflicting as to whether NAFLD increases the risk of gestational diabetes independent of obesity. NAFLD is associated with an elevated risk of extremes of birth weight, both small and large for gestational age. Several studies found a greater impact of NAFLD on maternal morbidity including preeclampsia in women with a body mass index <30kg/m2. Conclusions: NAFLD appears to be associated with increased obstetric morbidity, particularly among non-obese women. More research is needed to clarify the pathophysiology and optimize safe treatment.
ESICON 2017 Abstracts$$$ The proceedings contain 205 papers. The topics discussed include: optimizing the clonidine stimulation test; neonatal diabetes insipidus secondary to ventriculitis treated with thiazide diuretics; screening for MEN1, AIP and GNAS1 gene variations in anterior pituitary adenoma cases without family history; efficacy and safety of liraglutide versus insulin for glycemic control in intensive care unit: a randomized, open-label, clinical study; glycometabolic profile in type 2 diabetic patients with erectile dysfunction; prevalence of maturity onset diabetes of young associated mutations in patients with young onset diabetes and significant family history; effect of parental history of diabetes on markers of inflammation, insulin resistance and atherosclerosis in first degree relatives of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; effect of canagliflozin on liver function tests in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and presumed liver fibrosis suggestive of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis; changes in lipid profile in pregnancy and its impact on the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus and neonatal birth weight; to study the distribution of glucose tolerance among women with previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus by IADPSG criteria and their spouses; non alcoholic fatty liver disease, insulin resistance and proatherogenic lipid profile in paediatric patients on antiepileptic treatment; performance of novel surrogate index of insulin resistance [20/(FCP × FPG)] in low and normal birth weight cohorts: a hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp data from south India; supplemental DHA on a n-6 PUFA diet lowers oxidative stress but cannot protect against cell death in STZ-diabetic rat hearts; and real-world persistence and HbA1c goal attainment in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients initiated on canagliflozin or a glucagon-like peptide-1.
Intrauterine hyperglycemia induces hepatic steatosis in mouse offspring via altered lipid gene expressions$$$ OBJECTIVE: We aimed to determine the effects of antenatal exposure to intrauterine hyperglycemia on offspring's lipid metabolism and the potential mechanism. DESIGN: We examined lipid metabolism of male offspring of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and detected relevant genes expressions to explore the underlying mechanism. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Pregnant ICR mice were injected with a single injection of streptozotocin to establish a GDM model. We examined birth weight, 3-week and 8-week body weight (BW), liver weight and fat weight of the offspring of control (F1-C) and GDM (F1-GDM). Further, intraperitoneal glucose tolerance testing (IPGTT) was performed at the age of 3 and 8 weeks. Hepatic content of triglyceride (TG) and total cholesterol (TC) were measured as well as serum concentrations of lipids. Frozen liver samples were stained with Oil- Red-O and hematoxylin. Quantitative real-time PCR were performed to detect genes expressions associated with lipid metabolism. For each group, n>8. Statistical analysis was performed by unpaired two-tailed Student t test (version 22.0; SPSS). P values <0.05 were considered statistically significant. RESULTS: We found birth weight of F1-GDM offspring was significant lower than F1-C (p<0.001). After fostered by normoglycemic mice, there were no differences in BW, liver weight and visceral fat weight at 8-week age. The IPGTT was normal at 3 weeks, whereas at 8-week age, impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) was found in F1-GDM group (p<0.05). In F1-GDM group, the hepatic TG and TC levels were significantly increased (p<0.05, p<0.05). We found that the serum TG level in the F1-GDM group was higher than that in the control group, while F1-GDM group had lower HDL levels than F1-C (p<0.01, p<0.001, respectively). There were no differences in serum TC, LDL, NEFA, ALT and AST between the two groups. An increased level of Oil-Red-O staining with larger and more numerous lipid droplets in liver tissues was detected in F1-GDM group at the age of 8 weeks. Hepatic genes involved in fatty acid synthesis and cholesterol synthesis were up-regulated, whereas fatty acid oxidation and cholesterol transportation were down-regulated. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure contributes to early onset of hepatic steatosis associated with changes in hepatic gene expression and lipid handling.
Metabolic syndrome: Sex-related cardiovascular risk & therapeutic approach$$$ Background: The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of risk factors for the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). According to several meta-analyses, it has been shown that the cardiovascular (CV) risk conferred by the MetS is higher in women in comparison with men. There are many possible reasons to explain a higher CV risk in women with MetS: The most important differences can be attributed to distribution of central adiposity, lipid profile and hormones, but also differences in platelet biology and biochemistry play an important role. Methods: In this article we performed a research using PubMed database reviewing the evidence in literature (in particular clinical trials and meta-analyses) or lack of evidence/ biased information regarding the distribution by gender of MetS components and associated CV risk and we intended to provide a consequent gender perspective to the treatment of MetS and CV risk. Results: Twenty-three papers were evaluated searching for sex differences in the prevalence of MetS and CV risk. We also identified fifty-six papers dealing with sex differences in adiposity, insulin resistance and hormonal regulation. In terms of gender-specific expression of MetS in chronic disease we analyzed thirty-one papers focusing the attention on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, rheumatoid arthritis and HIV infection. We also evaluated twenty papers focusing on gender differences in platelet biology/reactivity and thirty-three papers on the gender approach in the treatment of MetS. The CV risk conferred by MetS segregates differently according to gender; differences between sexes may depend on the different representation of MetS components, gender-specific genetic, acquired metabolic and hormonal milieu and finally on a differential interaction between known risk factors and genderspecific properties, resulting in different degrees of pathophysiological events eventually leading to atherothrombosis. Regarding a potential sex-related therapeutic approach, even if gender-related differences exist in the pharmacokinetics of drugs for differences in body composition, plasma protein binding, metabolizing enzymes and difference in excretion characteristics, we have to acknowledge that women are under-represented in clinical trials, thus preventing from adequately challenging the efficacy and safety of drugs in this gender. Conclusion: While ncreasing knowledge exists regarding pathophysiological differences between genders in the prevalence of MetS components as well as in the associated cardiometabolic risk, underrepresentation of women in clinical trials and underutilization of guideline therapy, for instance in women with ischemic heart disease, largely flaw the interpretation of epidemiological and clinical evidence. Efforts should be undertaken to fight the so-called "Yentl syndrome" and to promote gender-specific drug trials, or at least studies where subgroup analyses by gender are pre-specified.
Prediagnostic liver enzymes, abdominal adiposity, and risk of gestational diabetes$$$ Liver enzymes are markers of liver fat deposits and may play a role in glucose homeostasis, but their individual roles during pregnancy and interaction with abdominal adiposity in relation to subsequent risk of GDM remain unclear. We prospectively investigated alanine aminotransferase (ALT), γ-glutamyl transferase (GGT) and waist-to-hip-ratio (WHR) in relation to GDM risk in a nested case-control study within the Pregnancy Environment and Lifestyle Study. Among 815 women who had delivered by June 2015, 78 GDM cases were diagnosed at 24-28 weeks of gestation and each was matched to two controls on age, race/ethnicity and gestational weeks at blood draw. Serum ALT and GGT were measured at visit 1 (V1, 10-13 gestational weeks) and visit 2 (V2, 16-19 gestational weeks). Waist and hip circumferences were measured at V1. Compared to controls, GDM cases had higher levels of ALT and GGT at both V1 and V2 and higher WHR (all P<0.05). After adjustment for parity, family history of diabetes and alcohol consumption, GGT but not ALT in the highest vs. lowest quartile at V1 and V2 was associated with a 3.01-fold (95% CI 1.23-7.38) and 3.06-fold (1.18-7.94) increased GDM risk, respectively; however, the associations were attenuated and became non-significant after additional adjustment for body mass index (BMI) and WHR. After adjustment for parity, family history of diabetes, alcohol consumption and BMI, WHR in the highest vs. lowest quartile was associated with a 7.05-fold (1.8-27.5) increased risk of GDM. Furthermore, having an ALT or GGT and a WHR above the respective median was associated with 4-fold (1.55-12.7) and 8-fold (2.29-27.8) increased GDM risk compared to women with both values below the median at V1; results were similar at V2. In contrast, no joint effects between liver enzymes and BMI were observed. Our findings suggest an adverse synergistic effect of elevated liver enzymes and abdominal adiposity as early as the first trimester on subsequent risk of GDM, which may help to early identify high-risk women.
Letrozole treatment of pubertal female mice results in multiple features of PCOS metabolic dysregulation$$$ Approximately 6-15% of women worldwide are affected by polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Although PCOS was originally described as a reproductive disorder with associated obesity, over 30 years of clinical research have confirmed that it is also a metabolic disorder. Hyperandrogenism is the strongest predictor of metabolic dysfunction associated with PCOS. In addition to infertility, women with PCOS diagnosed with hyperandrogenism and ovulatory dysfunction have an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. We previously developed a mouse model that uses the aromatase inhibitor, letrozole to elevate endogenous testosterone levels in female mice. This mouse model has hallmarks of PCOS including hyperandrogenism, anovulation and polycystic ovaries. In addition, we showed that letrozole treatment results in increased weight, abdominal adiposity and glucose intolerance. In the current study, we further characterized the metabolic dysfunction that occurs after letrozole treatment to determine whether this model is representative of the PCOS metabolic phenotype. Our studies demonstrated that letrozole-treated mice developed hyperinsulinemia, mild hyperglycemia and abnormal glucose tolerance within 1 week of treatment and without evidence of insulin resistance. After 2 weeks of letrozole treatment, mice were significantly heavier than placebo-treated mice, indicating that weight gain was not required to develop hyperinsulinemia or glucose intolerance. After 5 weeks of letrozole treatment, mice exhibited blunted glucose-stimulated insulin secretion, insulin resistance and impaired insulin-induced phosphorylation of AKT in skeletal muscle. Moreover, letrozole-treated mice exhibited dyslipidemia after 5 weeks of treatment, but no evidence of steatosis or hepatic disease. In summary, we demonstrated that the letrozole-induced PCOS mouse model exhibits many features of the metabolic dysregulation observed in overweight/obese women with PCOS diagnosed with hyperandrogenism and ovulatory dysfunction. This model will be useful for mechanistic studies investigating how hyperandrogenemia impacts metabolism in females and may provide insight into the development of novel treatments for the metabolic dysfunction that occurs in PCOS.
Altered fatty acid and mitochondrial metabolism in the liver of pregnant adiponectin-deficient mice contributes to insulin resistance and gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Introduction Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnancy-related health condition. While genetics, lifestyle and diet contribute to development of GDM, evidence suggests that low levels of adiponectin increases the risk for GDM. Adiponectin is a fat derived hormone that improves the sensitivity of tissues to insulin. We hypothesize that adiponectin deficiency causes fatty liver during pregnancy, ultimately contributing to the development of GDM. Methods We compared the glucose and insulin tolerance of pregnant (3rd trimester) adiponectin-/- (strain B6;129-Adipoqtm1Chan/J) and wild-type mice, and assessed parameters of hepatic metabolism, including mitochondrial function and fatty acid metabolism. We assessed the impact of adiponectin supplementation by administering adenovirus mediated full length adiponectin at the end of the second trimester of pregnancy, and comparing to control containing GFP. Results In the third trimester, pregnant adiponectin-/- mice exhibited fasting hyperglycemia regardless of diet (9.2mmol/L vs. 7.7mmol/L in controls, p<0.05). These mice display impaired glucose and insulin tolerance relative to wild-type controls. Pregnant adiponectin-/- mice develop hepatic steatosis, including a 3fold elevation in hepatic triglycerides (p<0.05). This was associated with altered hepatic lipid metabolism, including a 2.5 fold increase in fatty acid synthase expression (p<0.05), elevated circulating free fatty acids, triglycerides and cholesterol. Nearly 2-fold reduction (p<0.05) in maximal mitochondrial respiration was observed via oxidative flux analyzer in hepatocytes of adiponectin -/- mice. Hepatocytes from pregnant adiponectin-/- mice show dramatically reduced respiratory capacity when using fatty acids alone, and display elevated synthesis and secretion of triglycerides and cholesterol. Gestational weight gain and food consumption were similar in knockout and wild-type mice. Adiponectin supplementation to pregnant adiponectin-/- mice significantly improved glucose tolerance, prevented fasting hyperglycemia, and attenuated fatty liver development. Conclusion Results show that adiponectin deficiency is associated with altered hepatic lipid metabolism and hepatic steatosis during pregnancy. Consequently, adiponectin deficiency contributes to mid-gestation insulin resistance and hyperglycemia characteristic of GDM. Moreover, adiponectin supplementation rescues the effects of adiponectin deficiency on insulin sensitivity and hepatic lipid metabolism.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in the first trimester and subsequent development of gestational diabetes: A prospective cohort study$$$ INTRODUCTION: Recent evidence suggests that nonalcoholic fatty liver disease(NAFLD) is associated with impaired glucose tolerance and may be a manifestation of metabolic syndrome. We examined the association between NAFLD diagnosed in early pregnancy and the subsequent risk of developing gestational diabetes(GDM). METHODS: This prospective cohort study included singleton pregnant women presenting for prenatal care at 10-14 weeks of gestation between November 2014 and March 2016. NAFLD was assessed by two different approaches:(1)the appearance of the liver on ultrasound;(2)the Fatty Liver- Index (FLI) incorporating BMI, waist circumference, triglycerides and gamma-glutamyl-transferase. All patients were screened for GDM using two-step approach at 24-28 weeks. RESULTS: A total of 469 women were enrolled. The prevalence of NAFLD was 23% based on liver ultrasound, and 32% based on FLI. The risk of subsequent GDM was significantly increased in cases with NFALD, and appeared to be related to the severity of the disease (Table). This relationship remained significant after adjustment for confounding variables. CONCLUSIONS: The presence of NAFLD in early pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of developing GDM later in the pregnancy. (Figuer Presented).
Developmental origins of NAFLD: A womb with a clue$$$ Changes in the maternal environment leading to an altered intrauterine milieu can result in subtle insults to the fetus, promoting increased lifetime disease risk and/or disease acceleration in childhood and later in life. Particularly worrisome is that the prevalence of NAFLD is rapidly increasing among children and adults, and is being diagnosed at increasingly younger ages, pointing towards an early-life origin. A wealth of evidence, in humans and non-human primates, suggests that maternal nutrition affects the placenta and fetal tissues, leading to persistent changes in hepatic metabolism, mitochondrial function, the intestinal microbiota, liver macrophage activation and susceptibility to NASH postnatally. Deleterious exposures in utero include fetal hypoxia, increased nutrient supply, inflammation and altered gut microbiota that might produce metabolic clues, including fatty acids, metabolites, endotoxins, bile acids and cytokines, which prime the infant liver for NAFLD in a persistent manner and increase susceptibility to NASH. Mechanistic links to early disease pathways might involve shifts in lipid metabolism, mitochondrial dysfunction, pioneering gut microorganisms, macrophage programming and epigenetic changes that alter the liver microenvironment, favouring liver injury. In this Review, we discuss how maternal, fetal, neonatal and infant exposures provide developmental clues and mechanisms to help explain NAFLD acceleration and increased disease prevalence. Mechanisms identified in clinical and preclinical models suggest important opportunities for prevention and intervention that could slow down the growing epidemic of NAFLD in the next generation.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is prevalent in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus and independently associated with insulin resistance and waist circumference$$$ OBJECTIVE Type 2 diabetes increases the risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which is a potentially reversible condition but is also associated with progressive fibrosis and cirrhosis. Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) have a higher risk for NAFLD. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS One hundred women without diabetes who had pGDM (median [interquartile range]: age 38.6 [6.4] years; BMI 31.0 [6.2] kg/m2) and 11 healthy control subjects without NAFLD (age 37.9 [7.8] years; BMI 28.1 [0.8] kg/m2) underwent a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), DXA whole-body scan, and ultrasonic evaluation of hepatic steatosis. RESULTS Twenty-four (24%) women with pGDM had NAFLD on the basis of the ultrasound scan. None had cirrhosis. Women with NAFLD had a higher BMI (P = 0.0002) and waist circumference (P = 0.0003), increased insulin resistance (P = 0.0004), and delayed suppression of glucagon after the OGTT (P < 0.0001), but NAFLD was not associated with the degree of glucose intolerance (P = 0.2196). Visceral fat mass differed among the three groups, with the NAFLD group having the highest amount of fat and the control subjects the lowest (P = 0.0003). By logistic regression analysis, insulin resistance (P = 0.0057) and waist circumference (P = 0.0109) were independently associated with NAFLD. CONCLUSIONS NAFLD was prevalent in this cohort of relatively young and nonseverely obese womenwith pGDMwho are considered healthy apart fromtheir increased risk for diabetes. Insulin resistance and a larger waist circumference were independently associated with the presence of NAFLD, whereas glucose intolerance was not.
Elevated unexplained alanine amniotransferase and subsequent development of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia$$$ OBJECTIVE: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease(NAFLD) is now considered as a hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome and elevated alanine aminotransferase(ALT) is commonly related to NAFLD in the absence of viral hepatitis or alcohol abuse. Previous studies have indicated that elevated ALT is associated with diabetes or insulin resistance in adults, but the clinical significance of ALTor NAFLD in pregnancy has not been well determined. The objective of this study was to determine the association between elevated ALT in early pregnancy and the development of gestational diabetes (GDM) or preeclampsia in late pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: In this retrospective cohort study, pregnant women who met the following inclusion criteria were included: 1) singleton pregnancy; 2) ALT measured at 4-20 weeks of gestation; 3) screened for GDM and delivered in Cheil General Hospital and Women's Healthcare Center. Cases with viral hepatitis or other liver diseases were excluded. The early ALT levels were divided into two groups (normal ALT (≥95percentile) and elevated ALT (>95 percentile)), and the frequency of GDM and preeclampsia was compared between the two groups of cases. GDM was screened and diagnosed by twostep procedure (50g oral glucose challenge test followed by 75g glucose challenge test). RESULTS: A total of 2224 women met the inclusion criteria. The frequency of GDM and preeclampsia were 2.4% (by WHO criteria) and 1.2%, respectively. Cases with elevated early AST levels(> 95percentile) had higher risk of subsequent GDM or preeclampsia (GDM by WHO criteria, 2.1% in normal ALT vs. 7.4% in elevated ALT, p<0.005; preeclampsia, 1.0% in normal ALT vs. 4.1% in elevated AST, p<0.05). This relationship between elevated ALT and increased risk of GDM /pree clampsia remained significant after adjustment for maternal age and pre-pregnancy BMI. CONCLUSION: Elevated unexplained ALT in early pregnancy was associated with the risk of subsequent development of GDM and preeclampsia in late pregnancy. (Table Presented).
Obesity: Increasing risk of morbidity in children and adolescents: Determinants, consequences and prevention of childhood overweight and obesity$$$ Over the recent years, the prevalence of childhood obesity has increased rapidly worldwide, likely as a result of complex interactions between genes, dietary intake, physical activity, and the environment. The determinants of childhood obesity is multifactorial and involves a complex relationship among various non-modifiable and modifiable factors. Apart from genetic factors, maternal obesity, gestational diabetes and adiposity rebound are some of the important non-modifiable factors. Evaluating modifiable factors contributing to obesity (weight gain during infancy, physical activity, diet, sleep, parental feeding practices, screentime, parental obesity and families from lower socioeconomic status) is an important step towards effective intervention. Childhood obesity is associated with significant short and long-term health and social consequences. Childhood obesity affects nearly every organ of the body. Short term health impacts such as hypertension, dyslipidaemia and insulin resistance (metabolic syndrome) which were earlier considered markers of adult cardiovascular disease, are now common among obese children. Long term health impacts of childhood obesity although less commonly seen by paediatrician, include premature cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome (OSAS), infertility and orthopaedic pain. Prevention is more effective than treatment in dealing with the rising prevalence of childhood obesity. Roots of obesity can be traced to very early in life and appropriate prenatal and postnatal nutrition can help to reduce the risk of overweight/obesity in adulthood. Establishing healthy dietary and lifestyle habits after birth and throughout the childhood and adolescent period can help reduce the risk of childhood obesity. Child health clinics, school health screening programmes, as well as general paediatricians/family physicians are at the first line of defense even before the BMI crosses the acceptable range and hence play a crucial role in prevention and treatment of childhood obesity. Routine anthropometric measurement are essential during clinic visits to detect overweight/ obesity at an early stage, thus permitting necessary actions to be taken. Once the child's BMI crosses the overweight percentile, individualise interventions are critical for successful weight management. The Staged Approach recommended by the American Academy of Paediatrics (AAP) involves multi- disciplinary team as early as Stage 2. The need for multi-disciplinary team involvement increases as the problem escalate.
Metformin: From Research to Clinical Practice$$$ Metformin is the recommended first-line oral glucose-lowering drug initiated to control hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus. It acts in the liver, small intestines, and skeletal muscles with its major effect on decreasing hepatic gluconeogenesis. It is safe, inexpensive, and weight neutral and can be associated with weight loss. It can reduce microvascular complication risk and its use is associated with a lower cardiovascular mortality compared with sulfonylurea therapy. It is also used to delay the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus, in treating gestational diabetes, and in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Clinical management of pregnancy in the obese mother: before conception, during pregnancy, and post partum$$$ The global epidemic of obesity has led to an increasing number of obese women of reproductive age. Obesity is associated with reduced fertility, and pregnancies complicated by maternal obesity are associated with adverse outcomes, including increased risk of gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, preterm birth, instrumental and caesarean births, infections, and post-partum haemorrhage. The medical and obstetric management of obese women is focused on identifying, addressing, and preventing some of these associated complications, and is a daunting challenge given the high percentage of patients with obesity and few therapeutic options proven to improve outcomes in this population. The UK's National Institute for Health and Care Excellence guidelines and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommend that all pregnant women follow a healthy diet, and consider at least half an hour of moderate physical activity per day during pregnancy. However, although obese women are often directed to seek the advice of a nutritionist and to limit gestational weight gain, guidelines for the management of pregnancy and delivery in this high-risk group are lacking. The post-partum period represents an important opportunity to optimise maternal health before the next pregnancy. As many of the physiological changes of pregnancy associated with maternal obesity are present from early pregnancy onward, reducing maternal obesity before conception is probably the best strategy to decrease the health burden associated with maternal obesity.
The association of early unexplained elevated alanine aminotransferase with large-for-gestational-age birthweight$$$ Background Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease causes hepatic insulin resistance and is associated with metabolic syndrome. Elevated levels of alanine aminotransferase are associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. The effect of hepatic insulin resistance is not only increased glycogen breakdown but also liberation of free fatty acids due to increased lipolysis. Both of these fuel sources are associated with macrosomia. There is little known about the impact of maternal nonalcoholic fatty liver disease on excessive fetal growth. Objective The purpose of this study was to investigate the association of early elevated alanine aminotransferase with large-for-gestational-age birthweight. Study Design This is a secondary analysis from a nested case-control study of maternal alanine aminotransferase values measured between 8–18 weeks and subsequent gestational diabetes. We included women with singleton gestations with complete delivery information and without known diabetes, liver disease, or moderate self-reported alcohol use during pregnancy. We used inverse probability weighting to standardize the population and minimize selection bias. We calculated population-based birthweight z scores and defined large for gestational age as ≥90th percentile for gestational age. We compared maternal baseline characteristics with analysis of variance, Fisher exact test, or Wilcoxon rank sum. We then performed conditional logistic regression to evaluate the relationship between alanine aminotransferase and large for gestational age adjusting for maternal age, body mass index, parity, gestational diabetes, smoking, and maternal weight gain. Results We identified 26 cases of large for gestational age out of 323 mother-infant dyads. The mean maternal body mass index was higher in the large-for-gestational-age group compared to controls (33.7 [SD 4.3] vs 28.9 [SD 6.5], P = .002). Large-for-gestational-age babies were less likely to be male (8 [31%] vs 172 [58%], P = .01) and had a higher mean gestational age (39.5 [SD 0.9] vs 38.4 [SD 2.3] weeks, P = .01). Maternal and infant characteristics were otherwise similar. The mean alanine aminotransferase among the large-for-gestational-age cases was 28 (SD 37) U/L compared to 16 (SD 8) U/L for controls. Each unit increase in log-transformed alanine aminotransferase was associated with a 3-fold odds of large for gestational age (adjusted odds ratio, 3.05; 95% confidence interval, 2.27–4.10; P < .0001), and alanine aminotransferase ≥90th percentile (26 U/L) was associated with a 4-fold increased odds of large for gestational age (adjusted odds ratio, 4.03; 95% confidence interval, 2.84–5.70; P < .0001). This association was unchanged when analysis was restricted only to women without gestational diabetes with a glucose loading test <120 mg/dL (log-transformed alanine aminotransferase: adjusted odds ratio, 3.05; 95% confidence interval, 1.04–8.96; P = .04, and alanine aminotransferase ≥90th percentile: adjusted odds ratio, 4.21; 95% confidence interval, 1.20–14.82; P = .03). Conclusion Unexplained elevated alanine aminotransferase in the first trimester was associated with a 4-fold increase in the odds of large-for-gestational-age birthweight even in the absence of clinical glucose intolerance. This may represent the impact of maternal nonalcoholic fatty liver on the fetal developmental milieu.
Placental and cord blood DNA methylation profiling in small-for-gestational-age newborns from uncomplicated pregnancies: Relationship to prenatal growth and postnatal body composition$$$ Background: Fetal growth is partly regulated by epigenetic factors, such as DNA methylation. Altered methylation status in placental genes relates to gestational diabetes, preeclampsia and prematurity. However, the epigenetic mechanisms underlying fetal growth restraint in uncomplicated pregnancies remain unknown. Objective and hypotheses: We aimed at identifying new candidate genes related to fetal growth, by assessing DNA methylation profiling in placenta and cord blood - as well as expression levels of differentially methylated genes-in newborns born appropiate- (AGA) or small-for-gestational-age (SGA). Method: Placentas and cord blood samples were collected from uncomplicated pregnancies delivering term AGA (birthweight, between - 1.1 and 1.1 S.D.; N = 30) or SGA (birthweight, < - 2 S.D.; n = 21) newborns. Placental methylation profiling was performed using Agilent DNA Methylation array design to detect CpG sites located within promoter regions of 14.475 genes. Results were validated by bisulfite pyrosequencing (BSP). Differentially methylated genes (n = 39, all P< 0.009) were also analyzed in cord blood by BSP. Placental and cord blood expression of four out of such 39 genes was assessed by real-time PCR. Body composition was assessed by absorptiometry at age 15 days. Results: SLC13A5, NKX6-1 and ATG2B - related to hepatic steatosis, insulin production and autophagy - were hypermethylated in placenta and cord blood from SGA newborns (P=0.02 to P< 0.0001 vs AGA), whereas GPR120 - related to free fatty acid regulation - was hypomethylated in placenta (P = 0.0006) and hypermethylated in cord blood (P< 0.0001). Expression levels of these genes were opposite to their methylation status. Both methylation and expression levels in placenta and in cord blood correlated with birthweight and with total and abdominal fat at age 15 days. Conclusion: Epigenetic modifications of genes involved in the regulation of energy metabolism in placenta and in cord blood contribute to explain fetal growth restraint and postnatal fat mass gain in SGA newborns from uncomplicated pregnancies.
The effect of one-year treatment with a glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist on NAFLD in women with prior gestational diabetes$$$ Background and aims: Prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). This study evaluates the effect of one-year treatment with liraglutide on NAFLD in non-diabetic women with prior GDM. Materials and methods: Non-diabetic women with prior GDM (n=82, age (mean±standard deviation): 38±5 years, body weight: 88±16 kg, BMI: 32±5 kg/m2) participating in a randomised, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial evaluating liraglutide 1.8 mg subcutaneously once-daily (n=37) vs placebo (n=45) underwent abdominal ultrasound scanning to diagnose NAFLD at baseline and after one year. A subgroup (n=60) also underwent transient elastography scanning (FibroScan®) with assessment of intrahepatic fat by controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) at baseline and after one year (CAP: 266±48 dB/m). Results: None of the participants had elevated liver blood tests or cirrhosis at baseline. Based on the abdominal ultrasound and elastography scanning, 18 women had NAFLD at baseline. Eleven women (13%) developed NAFLD during the one-year follow-up. Eight women had NAFLD at baseline, but not after one year. These women had lower alanine aminotransferase levels at the end of followup compared to baseline (p=0.042). None of the remaining patient characteristics were associated with resolution of NAFLD. Liraglutide had no effect on the prevention, development or resolution of NAFLD (p=NS), but significantly reduced intrahepatic fat assessed by CAP compared to placebo (-35±52 vs -5±52 dB/m, p=0.003). Liraglutide reduced body weight (4.7±5.2 vs 1.4±5.5 kg, p=0.007), but this effect was not associated with CAP values or resolution of NAFLD in multivariate analyses. Conclusion: This one-year trial found no effect of liraglutide on the presence of NAFLD in women with prior GDM but a significant greater weight loss and reduced steatosis as measured by CAP was observed in women treated with liraglutide compared to placebo.
The Association of Alanine Aminotransferase in Early Pregnancy with Gestational Diabetes$$$ Background: Elevated alanine amino transferase, attributed to nonalcoholic fatty liver, is associated with later development of type 2 diabetes mellitus. We sought to determine whether maternal ALT values are associated with subsequent development of gestational diabetes. Methods: We performed a nested case-control study utilizing prospectively banked serum samples collected in early gestation. We excluded women with known diabetes, liver disease, or alcohol use. We included 83 cases of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 247 controls matched for prepregnancy body-mass index (BMI) and compared ALT values. We then performed a conditional logistic regression to model the adjusted odds of GDM in women with ALT ≥19 U/L, stratified by prepregnancy BMI. Results: The median (interquartile range) ALT in cases was 15 (12, 19) IU/L compared to 13 (11, 18) IU/L in controls (P = 0.07). Among women with a prepregnancy BMI <30 kg/m2, ALT ≥19 U/L was associated with a fourfold increased odds of GDM (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 4.56 [1.45, 14.27]), while there was no such association among obese women (aOR 0.36 [0.11, 1.20]). Similarly, each unit increase in log-transformed ALT was associated with a threefold increased odds of GDM in nonobese (aOR 3.15 [1.04,9.54]), but not obese (aOR 3.15 [0.30,3.15]) women. Conclusion: The association of high normal ALT and later GDM in nonobese women may reflect the role of hepatic insulin resistance and visceral obesity.
The Progression and Natural History of Pediatric Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease$$$ Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common cause of chronic liver disease in the United States. Childhood NAFLD is associated with hepatic and nonhepatic morbidity and mortality. Nonhepatic associations include cardiovascular, metabolic, pulmonary, and psychological disorders. Cardiovascular conditions observed in childhood include left ventricular dysfunction. Furthermore, childhood obesity is associated with greater odds of having hepatocellular carcinoma as an adult. Evidence suggests that NAFLD may begin in utero in children of diabetic mothers. Thus rigorous efforts for structured diagnosis and follow-up are a priority to better develop the understanding of outcomes in pediatric NAFLD.
Gestational diabetes mellitus is strongly associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Objectives:Insulin resistance is central to the development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an early marker of insulin resistance. We hypothesized that a history of GDM would identify women at higher risk of NAFLD in middle age.Methods:Women from the multicenter Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) cohort study who delivered ≥1 birth, were free of diabetes prior to pregnancy(ies), and underwent CT quantification of hepatic steatosis 25 years following cohort entry (Y25: 2010-2011) were included (n=1,115). History of GDM by self-report, validated in a subsample by review of antenatal glucose testing, and metabolic risk factors were assessed prospectively. NAFLD was defined by liver attenuation (LA)≤40 Hounsfield Units on CT scan after exclusion of other causes of hepatic steatosis.Results:Of 1,115 women meeting selection criteria (57% black, 43% white, median age 25 years at baseline), 124 (11%) reported a history of GDM and 75 (7%) met the CT definition for NAFLD at year 25. The crude risk of NAFLD at the 25-year visit was significantly higher in women with GDM compared to those without (14 vs. 5.8%, OR: 2.56, 95% CI: 1.44-4.55, P<0.01). History of GDM remained associated with NAFLD (OR: 2.29, 95% CI: 1.23-4.27, P=0.01) after adjustment for covariates in multivariable logistic regression. Addition of incident diabetes mellitus (DM) into the final model attenuated the association between GDM and NAFLD (OR: 1.48, 95% CI: 0.73-3.02, P=0.28). Conclusion: GDM is a risk marker for NAFLD and represents an opportunity to identify women at risk for NAFLD at a young age and may be mediated by the development of incident DM.
Hypertension and beyond - does circulating irisin matter?$$$ Irisin is a myokine secreted by skeletal muscles. It has been proposed to drive the brown-fat-like conversion of the white adipose tissue. By enhancing energy expenditure, irisin may affect systemic metabolism and be associated with insulin resistance; however, the mechanism(s) of action still remain largely unexplained. The discovery of irisin can contribute to the exploration of the novel and effective therapeutic targets or therapeutic strategies of metabolic diseases or metabolism-associated health issues. In this review, based on the recent literature (from 2013 to 2015 inclusive), we will systematically discuss the associations of irisin with obesity, type 2 diabetes, lipid disorders, and hypertension. We also introduce unanswered questions for future research.
Adverse outcomes of pregnancy in women with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Background & Aims: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is considered the most common liver disease in the world, but little is known about its potential association with pregnancy outcomes. We aimed to investigate pregnancy outcomes in NAFLD. Methods: The Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR) was used to identify births between 1992 and 2011 (N=1960416). By linkage with the National Patient Register, we identified women with a diagnosis of NAFLD. The MBR was then used to identify outcomes: gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, Caesarean section, Apgar score <7 at 5min, preterm birth (<37weeks), low birth weight (<2500g), infants born small for gestational age and congenital malformations. As controls, we used women with no diagnosis for NAFLD divided into two groups; with and without polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Poisson regression was used to estimate relative risks (RRs) adjusted for maternal age, smoking status and body mass index at early pregnancy, parity and prepregnancy diabetes. Results: We identified 110 pregnancies in women with NAFLD. Using women without a diagnosis of NAFLD or PCOS as controls; NAFLD was associated with gestational diabetes [adjusted RRs 2.78; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.25-6.15], pre-eclampsia (aRR 1.95; 95% CI 1.03-3.70), Caesarean section (aRR 1.52; 95% CI 1.19-1.94), preterm birth (aRR 2.50; 95% CI 1.38-4.55) and with low birth weight (aRR 2.40; 95% CI 1.21-4.78). Conclusion: Women with a diagnosis of NAFLD prior to giving birth have increased risks for adverse pregnancy outcome independently of body mass index and diabetes, and should be carefully monitored during antenatal care.
Obstetric complications in obese pregnant women, associated with liver steatosis$$$ The aim of the present study was to identify the liver steatosis in obese pregnant women and to educe the obstetric complications. Materials and methods: The study included 203 obese women. The 132 patients were associated with liver steatosis and group for comparison- 71 obese women without liver steatosis. The examination included biochemical indexes of liver function, lipid spectrum and ultrasound of the liver. Patients who were examined before pregnancy were most valuably treated in two stages during 1-3 months: Vitamin factor of group B, containing inosit (1000 mgs) and folacin (0,1 mgs) per a day and omega 3 polyunsaturated fat acids (300 mgs) per a day. Then during pregnancy was administered 3-sn Phosphatidylcholine (1800 mg per a day) for 1-3 months. Control of the liver condition was carried out three times during pregnancy. It is shown that in pregnant women are not receiving treatment steatohepatitis were significantly more frequent obstetric complications: preeclampsia, chronic placental insufficiency, than those who got treatment. The observation showed that gestational diabetes on insulin significantly more frequent associated women with liver steatosis (50 %, p-0.001), than women just with obesity. The observation showed that gestational diabetes on insulin significantly more frequent associated women with liver steatosis (p-0.001), than women just with obesity. Conducted through the treatment, despite the initial changes of biochemical parameters of liver function, lipid spectrum, it was achieved normalization of all indexes in patients with liver steatosis. The treatment favorably affected pregnancy and delivery outcomes.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus and abnormal postpartum glucose metabolism$$$ Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become the most common chronic liver disease worldwide. The metabolic consequences of NAFLD in specific populations, such as pregnancy remain elusive. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between NAFLD and the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) as well as postpartum defects in glucose and lipid metabolism. To this end, we recruited 32 pregnant women from the general population and performed: 1.) a liver ultrasound during the last trimester and/or early postpartum period to establish the diagnosis of NAFLD; and 2.) fasting and postprandial (75-gram oral glucose tolerance test) plasma glucose, insulin, C-peptide, and FFA at 6 weeks postpartum to determine insulin secretion and insulin resistance. The prevalence of NAFLD was high (22%) and could not be predicted on clinical characteristics such as age, ethnicity, systolic or diastolic blood pressure, except for patients with NAFLD being on average more obese (p<0.01). Patients with NAFLD had a 3-fold higher prevalence of GDM (71% vs. 24%, p=0.03), that was independent of other relevant clinical variables and not fully accounted for by the greater degree of adiposity. At 6 weeks postpartum, fewer patients with GDM and NAFLD demonstrated normal glucose tolerance vs. those without NAFLD (40% vs. 67%). Patients with NAFLD continued to have a worse metabolic profile than patients without NAFLD, including a trend towards higher fasting insulin (10±1 vs. 7±1 μIU/ml, p=0.08), lower plasma HDL-C (42±5 vs. 52±4 mg/dl, p=0.09) as well as worse hepatic (HOMA-IR: 2.2±0.3 vs. 1.6±0.2, p=0.07) and adipose tissue (Adipo-IRindex: 3.8±1.0 vs. 2.5±0.3 μIU mmol/L, p=0.12) insulin resistance. Conclusion: NAFLD is common during pregnancy and is associated with an unfavorable postpartum metabolic profile. Screening for NAFLD during pregnancy and/or postpartum period could help identify patients at future high-risk of developing T2DM.
The effect of one-year treatment with the glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist liraglutide on NAFLD in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). This study evaluates the effect of one-year treatment with liraglutide on NAFLD in nondiabetic women with prior GDM. The study includes a subgroup of patients from a randomised, double-blinded, investigator-initiated, placebo-controlled trial examining nondiabetic women with prior GDM for whom we have full data set (n=82, age (mean±standard deviation): 38±5 years, body weight: 88±16 kg, BMI: 32±5 kg/m2) allocated to liraglutide 1.8 mg subcutaneously once daily (n=37) or placebo (n=45). All women underwent abdominal ultrasound to diagnose NAFLD at baseline and after one year and a subgroup (n=60) also underwent transient elastography (FibroScan®) with assessment of intrahepatic fat by controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) both at baseline and after one year (CAP: 266±48 dB/m). None had elevated liver blood tests or cirrhosis at baseline. Based on the abdominal ultrasound and elastography, 18 women had NAFLD at baseline. Eleven women (13%) developed NAFLD during the one-year follow-up. Eight women had NAFLD at baseline, but not after one year. These women had lower alanine aminotransferase levels at the end of follow-up compared to baseline (P=0.042). None of the remaining patient characteristics were associated with resolution of NAFLD. Liraglutide had no effect on the prevention, development or resolution of NAFLD (NS), but significantly reduced intrahepatic fat assessed by CAP compared to placebo (-35±52 vs. -5±52 dB/m, P=0.003). Liraglutide reduced bodyweight (4.7±5.2 vs. 1.4±5.5 kg, P=0.007), but this effect was not associated with CAP values or resolution of NAFLD in multivariable analyses. This one-year trial found no effect of liraglutide on presence of NAFLD but a significant weight loss and reduced steatosis as measured by CAP was observed.
Liver complications and hepatitis in pregnancy$$$ Liver complications are not frequently encountered in pregnancy, most of which are related to obstetric disorders that include preeclampsia/ HELLP syndrome, acute fatty liver of pregnancy, obstetric cholestasis, and hyperemesis gravidarum, and occasionally biliary obstruction. In the majority of cases, abnormal liver function is detected following the clinical presentation of the aforementioned obstetric complications. However, in areas endemic for hepatitis, liver dysfunction could be related to acute or chronic hepatitis, with chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection being the commonest form encountered especially in areas endemic for HBV infection. In many instances, the HBV infection is unknown or undiagnosed before pregnancy, being only picked up on antenatal screening. Maternal-tochild- transmission is considered the major issue for pregnancies complicated by maternal HBV infection, and the emphasis is placed on the prevention of vertical transmission using antenatal treatment with antiviral agents, immunoglobulin, and neonatal immunoprophylaxis. However, there is now increasing awareness of HBV infection affecting obstetric outcome, even in the case of asymptomatic infection. The findings in the literature is nevertheless conflicting, which varied from no adverse effect, increased adverse outcome such as preterm birth, prelabour rupture of membranes, fetal loss, gestational diabetes mellitus, and antepartum haemorrhage, as well as some apparently beneficial effect in terms of enhanced infant size and birthweight, and reduction of pre-eclampsia. These reports are reviewed here together with the possible explanations on the apparently paradoxical findings. A recommendation on the management of incidental finding of abnormal liver function test will be provided.
Insulin resistance and large amounts of visceral fat characterise women with previous gestational diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Background and aims: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), a condition with fat accumulation in the liver in the absence of significant alcohol consumption, is the most common liver disease inWestern countries. The disease spectrum spans from simple steatosis to liver cirrhosis. In type 2 diabetes, NAFLD is linked to cardiovascular disease and hepatocellular carcinoma, which can occur in patients with or without cirrhosis. Because of their high risk of type 2 diabetes, women with previous gestational diabetes (GDM) may have a high risk of developing NAFLD. Materials and methods: Non-diabetic women with previous GDM (n= 98, age: 38±5 years) underwent 75 g OGTT, dual energy X-ray absorptiometry whole body scan and ultrasound scan and elastography of the liver to evaluate steatosis (NAFLD). Elastography is a novel, noninvasive way of measuring steatosis. The median of ten representative elastographic measurements is provided as the E-median index. Insulin resistance was evaluated by the HOMA2-IR. Values are mean ± SD for age and BMI and mean±SEM for the remaining variables. Results: Twenty-six (27%) women had NAFLD based on the ultrasound scan and 72 (73%) were without steatosis. None had cirrhosis. When comparing the two groups, women with NAFLD had significantly higher BMI (34±5 vs. 31±4 kg/m2, p=0.001) and android-to-gynoid fat-ratio (1.2±0 vs. 1.1±0, p=0.021). Women with NAFLD also had larger visceral fat mass (1,488±136 vs. 1,009±60 g, p=0.003), were more insulin resistant (2.5±0 vs. 1.7±0, p=0.019), had higher fasting C-peptide (672± 61 vs. 496±21 pmol/l, p=0.011), E-median index (1.7±0 vs. 0.9±0, p= 0.001), and liver enzyme levels (alanine aminotransferase: 34±4 vs. 23± 1 U/l, p=0.017; aspartate aminotransferase: 31±2 vs. 26±1 U/L, p= 0.018) and lower plasma high density lipoprotein cholesterol (1.1±0 vs. 1.3±0 mmol/l, p=0.019). Multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that visceral fat mass (p=0.0011) and the aspartate aminotransferase level (p=0.001) were independent predictors of NAFLD. Conclusion: The results show that a large proportion of women with previous GDM and insulin resistance have NAFLD at a young age. We have identified predictors to be used for early identification of these women for best possiblemanagement of comorbidities in order to prevent future liver disease and cardiovascular events.
Insulin resistance and high amount of visceral fat characterize women with previous gestational diabetes and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ In type 2 diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is linked to cardiovascular disease and progressive liver disease. Because of their high risk of type 2 diabetes, women with previous GDM (pGDM) may be at high risk of developing NAFLD. Non-diabetic women with pGDM (n=98, age: 38±1 years) underwent 75g oral glucose tolerance test, dual energy X-ray absorptiometry whole body scan and ultrasound scan, elastography (a novel, non-invasive way of measuring steatosis, returns an E-median index) and fibroscan of the liver to evaluate steatosis and fibrosis. The median of ten representative elastographic measurements is provided as the E-median. Twenty-six (27%) women had steatosis based on the ultrasound scan and 72 (73%) were without steatosis. When comparing the two groups, the women with NAFLD had significantly higher BMI (34±1 vs. 31±1 kg/m2 (mean±SEM), P=0.001) and android-to-gynoid fat-ratio (1.2±0 vs. 1.1±0, P=0.021), had larger visceral fat mass (1,488±136 vs. 1,009±60 g, P=0.003), were more insulin resistant as evaluated by the homeostasis model assessment 2 (HOMA2IR) (2.5±0 vs. 1.7±0, P=0.019), and had higher fasting C-peptide (672±61 vs. 496±21 pmol/L, P=0.011), E-median (1.7±0 vs. 0.9±0, P=0.001), and liver enzyme levels (alanine aminotransferase: 34±4 vs. 23±1 U/L, P=0.017; aspartate aminotransferase: 31±2 vs. 26±1 U/L, P=0.018) as well as lower plasma high density lipoprotein (1.1±0 vs. 1.3±0 mmol/L, P=0.019). Multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that the amount of visceral fat mass (P=0.0011) and the aspartate aminotransferase level (P=0.001) were associated with NAFLD in the pGDM group. The results show that women with pGDM and insulin resistance may develop NAFLD at an early age. NAFLD in T2D is linked to cardiovascular disease and progressive liver disease, and therefore warrants early identification of these women for management of comorbidities to prevent future cardiovascular disease events.
The association of elevated first trimester alt with gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ There is a well-established association of elevated alanine aminotransferase, attributed to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, with later development of type 2 diabetes mellitus among non-pregnant adults. We therefore sought to determine whether ALT values in early pregnancy were associated with development of gestational diabetes (GDM). We performed a nested case-control study utilizing prospectively banked serum samples collected between 8-18 weeks gestation. We excluded women with known diabetes, liver disease, or moderate self-reported alcohol use during pregnancy and documented by medical record review. We included 83 cases who were later diagnosed with GDM and 247 controls matched for pre-pregnancy BMI and with a 3rd trimester 50-g GLT result ≤120mg/dL. We compared early ALT values in cases with controls. We then performed a conditional logistic regression to model the adjusted odds of GDM in women with elevated ALT, stratified by first trimester BMI. Cases, women who were later diagnosed with GDM, were older (mean age±SD 34±5 vs. 32±6 years, p=0.001) and more likely to be of Asian ethnicity (16.9% vs. 2.8%, p=0.03) than controls, but otherwise were similar. The median (IQR) ALT in cases was 15 (12, 19) IU/L compared to 13 (11, 18) IU/L in women with normal glucose tolerance (p=0.07). Among non-obese women (first trimester BMI <30kg/m2), ALT above the 75% ile (19 IU/L) was associated with a four-fold increased risk of GDM (adjusted OR 4.56 [1.45, 14.27]), while there was no association (aOR 0.36 [0.11, 1.20]) among obese women. Similarly, each unit increase in log-transformed ALT was associated with a threefold increased risk of GDM in non-obese (aOR 3.15 [1.04, 9.54]) but not in obese (aOR 0.97 [0.30, 3.15]) women. Elevated ALT early in pregnancy was associated with increased risk for GDM in non-obese women. Elevated ALT may be a useful indicator of GDM risk in a population currently considered low-risk for GDM.
Gestational diabetes mellitus is strongly associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most prevalent form of liver disease in the United States and an increasingly common cause of cirrhosis. Identifying patients with an increased risk for NAFLD at an early age may allow interventions to occur that would prevent NAFLD development or progression. Insulin resistance is associated with NAFLD and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an early indicator of insulin resistance. We hypothesized that a history of GDM would identify women at higher risk of NAFLD. Methods: Participants from the multicenter Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) cohort study who delivered ≥ 1 birth, were free of diabetes prior to pregnancy(ies), and underwent CT quantification of hepatic steatosis 25 years following cohort entry (Y25: 2010-2011) were included (n = 1115). History of GDM was defined by self-report and collected prospectively for births during the 25-year study period; the accuracy of self-report has been previously validated by review of prenatal glucose tolerance tests in a subset of this cohort. NAFLD was assessed by central review of CT images and defined by liver attenuation (LA) ≤ 40 Hounsfield Units after exclusion of other causes of hepatic steatosis. LA was the average of nine measurements on three CT slices of the right lobe of the liver. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed; p value < 0.05 was the criterion used for variable inclusion. Results: Of 1,115 women meeting entry criteria (57% black, 43% white, mean age at 25-year mark 50 yrs), 124 (11%) reported a history of GDM and 75 (7%) met CT definition for NAFLD at year 25. At baseline, compared to women without a history of GDM, those who had or developed GDM over the study period had higher mean body mass index (BMI) (25.8 vs. 24.4 kg/m2, p<0.01), homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (2.0 vs. 1.6, p<0.01), fasting plasma triglycerides (74 vs. 64 mg/dL, p<0.01) and waist circumference (77 vs. 74 cm, p<0.01). History of GDM was associated with NAFLD at the 25-year visit (14% vs. 5.8% in those without GDM, OR: 2.56, 95% CI: 1.44-4.55, p<0.01). History of GDM remained a strong predictor of NAFLD (OR: 2.29, 95% CI: 1.23-4.27, p=0.01) after adjustment for covariates (Table 1). In a multivariable model that adjusted for DM at year 25, the association between history of GDM and NAFLD was stronger (OR: 1.99, 95% CI: 1.06-3.74, p=0.03) than betweenDMat year 25 and NAFLD (OR: 1.50, 95% CI: 1.10-2.04, p=0.01). Conclusion: GDM is an independent risk marker for NAFLD and represents an opportunity to identify those at risk for NAFLD at a young age. History of GDM may be a better marker of NAFLD risk than traditional risk markers for NAFLD in middle age including DM. (Table Presented).
The correlation analysis of primary liver cancer with Type 2 diabetes$$$ OBJECTIVE: To explore the relationship between Type 2 diabetes and primary liver cancer. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In the period from December 2008 to December 2014, all blood sugar data of patients in our hospital was collected, and the total number is 18213. Except for repeatedly hospitalized diabetic person, newborn stress status, or venous transfusion blood glucose, gestational diabetes, etc., By retrieving the medical record information of patients in the hospital, and using telephone or letter follow-up the patients, we collected 127 people with type 1 diabetes and found no liver cancer patients; Type 2 diabetes, 10,794 cases of patient information, 59 with primary liver cancer. For data analysis, Stata11.0 ratio was used as the main analysis indicators, using Chi-square test and statistical analysis. RESULTS: About 10,794 Type 2 diabetes cases with 59 primary liver cancer, the incidence is 54.66/10,000, men liver cancer incidence (92.78/10,000) than women (27.13/10,000), with significant difference (χ2 = 26.621, P < 0.001). As the growth of the age, the possibility of liver cancer in patients with diabetes increased significantly (χ2 = 19.961, P = 0.001). The rate was highest for 50-60-year-old men, and the women at age 70, and older incidence is highest. Irrespective of men or women with diabetes as the growth of the age, the possibility of liver cancer had significantly increased (P = 0.001, P = 0.002). Hepatitis B or hepatitis C incidence was 2.94%, but diabetes incidence of hepatitis men (3.98%) and women (2.01%) did not find significant differences (χ2 = 0.3361, P = 0.562). Three hundred and seventeen cases of Type 2 diabetes with hepatitis, the incidence of primary liver cancer was 11.67%, the liver cancer incidence of diabetes patients with hepatitis men (17.78%) than women (3.97%), with significant difference (χ2 = 37.429, P < 0.001). With the growth of age, the overall risk of getting liver cancer (χ2 =15.023, P = 0.01) of diabetes and hepatitis patients is significantly increased, and with the growth of age, the risk of getting liver cancer of male patients showed significant (P < 0.05), but not the female patients. Without merge hepatitis, the morbility of primary liver cancer in 10477 cases of type2 diabetes incidence is 0.21%, the liver cancer incidence men (0.34%) than women (0.11%), with significant difference (χ2 = 6.471, P = 0.011).As the growth of age, the overall risk of getting liver cancer of diabetes patients without hepatits is significantly increased (χ2 =15.612, P = 0.008) ,and the risk of getting liver cancer of male patients showed significant (P < 0.05) as the growth of the age, but not the female patients. Diabetic persons according to the illness time can be divided into 0-5 years, 5-10 years, 10-20 years, and over 20 years of four stages, including 5-10 years and 10-20 years is liver cancer patients with diabetes incidence peak, male diabetic hepatitis in patients with liver cancer incidence than women, with significant difference (χ2 = 22.757, P < 0.001). The possibility of liver cancer in patients with diabetes increased significantly (χ2 = 15.023, P = 0.01) for longer duration of illness, but only the male patients with liver cancer incidence showed significant difference with longer duration of illness, women showed no significance. CONCLUSION: Diabetes was associated with the primary liver cancer, most likely is one of the causes of primary liver cancer.
Elevated first trimester ALT is associated with large for gestational age birthweight$$$ INTRODUCTION: Nonalcoholic fatty liver reflects hepatic insulin resistance and is a key feature of metabolic syndrome. There is little known about the impact of maternal nonalcoholic fatty liver disease on fetal growth. The purpose of this study was therefore to investigate the association of early elevated ALT with large for gestational age birthweight. METHODS: This is a secondary analysis from a nested case-control study of ALT values measured between 8-18 weeks and subsequent gestational diabetes (GDM). We included women with singleton gestations and without known diabetes, liver disease or moderate self-reported alcohol use during pregnancy. We used inverse probability weighting to standardize the population and minimize selection bias. We calculated population-based birthweight z scores and defined LGA as at or above the 90%ile. We compared baseline characteristics with either ANOVA, Fisher's exact test or Wilcoxon rank sum. Covariates were identified by univariate regression analysis. We then performed conditional logistic regression to evaluate the relationship between either ALT≥90%ile or logALT and LGA adjusting for maternal age, BMI, parity, GDM, smoking and maternal weight gain. RESULTS: We identified 26 cases of LGA out of 323 subjects. The mean(SD) maternal BMI was higher in the LGA group compared to controls (33.7[4.3] vs 28.9[6.5] p=0.002) and LGA babies were less likely to be male (8[31%] vs 172[58%] p=0.01) and had a higher mean (SD) gestational age (39.5w[0.9] vs 38.4[2.3] p=0.01). Maternal and infant characteristics were otherwise similar. The geometric mean (95%CI) ALT among the LGA cases was 20.3U/L (14.7,28.1) compared to 14.2U/L(13.4,14.9) for controls. ALT ≥90%ile (26U/L) was associated with a four-fold increased odds of LGA (adjusted OR 4.03 [2.84,5.70] p<0.0001). Each unit increase in log-transformed ALT was associated with a three-fold odds of LGA (aOR 3.05 [2.27,4.10] p<0.0001). The association remained when analysis was restricted to women without GDM (ALT≥90%ile aOR 4.21 [1.20,14.82] p=0.03; logALT aOR 3.05 [1.04,8.96] p=0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Unexplained elevated ALT in the first trimester is associated with a four-fold increase in the odds of LGA even in the absence of clinical glucose intolerance. We hypothesize this may represent the impact of maternal hepatic insulin resistance on the fetal developmental milieu.
Isoleucine-to-methionine substitution at residue 148 variant of PNPLA3 gene and metabolic outcomes in gestational diabetes$$$ Background: A single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) of the patatinlike phospholipase-3 (PNPLA3)/adiponutrin gene (rs738409 C>G) is strongly associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; to our knowledge, no data are available on the impact of this PNPLA3 SNP on liver and metabolic outcomes during pregnancy in patients with gestational diabetes (GD). Objective: We evaluated the impact of the PNPLA3 rs738409 SNP on liver enzymes, metabolic indexes, and maternal and neonatal outcomes in 200 GD patients enrolled in a lifestyle intervention. Design: In a randomized trial with a 2 x 2 factorial design, exercise significantly improved maternal and neonatal outcomes in GD patients. Effects of the G allele on metabolic and liver indexes and maternal and neonatal outcomes were evaluated in these patients. Results: At the end of the trial, fasting insulin and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) values were significantly lower and liver enzymes significantly higher in PNPLA3 G-allele carriers. In a multiple regression model, the G allele was associated directly with aspartate aminotransferase (β = 2.60; 95% CI: 0.99, 4.20), alanine aminotransferase (β = 3.70; 95% CI: 1.78, 5.62), and γ-glutamyl transferase (β = 3.70; 95% CI: 0.80, 6.60) and inversely with insulin (β = -2.01; 95% CI: -3.24, -0.78) and HOMA-IR (β = -0.39; -0.64, -0.14) values at the end of the trial. In a multiple logistic regression model, the G allele was associated directly with risk of developing liver enzyme elevation during pregnancy (OR: 4.21; 95% CI: 1.78, 9.97) and inversely with the birth of large-for-gestational-age newborns (OR: 0.19; 95% CI: 0.06, 0.62). No diet x genotype or exercise x genotype interaction was shown. Conclusion: The PNPLA3 SNP rs738409 G allele was associated with risk of mildly elevated transaminases in GD independent of a lifestyle intervention and despite a significant reduction in insulin resistance and risk of macrosomic offspring. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01506310.
Maternal obesity characterized by gestational diabetes increases the susceptibility of rat offspring to hepatic steatosis via a disrupted liver metabolome$$$ Key points: Gestational diabetes mellitus is a common complication of pregnancy, but its effects on the offspring are poorly understood. We developed a rat model of diet-induced gestational diabetes mellitus that recapitulates many of the clinical features of the disease, including excessive gestational weight gain, glucose intolerance, hyperinsulinaemia and mild hyperglycaemia. Compared to the offspring of lean dams, exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus during the prenatal period resulted in obesity, hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in young rat offspring that consumed a postnatal diet that was low in fat. The combination of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and the postnatal consumption of a high-fat diet by the offspring caused a more severe metabolic phenotype. Metabolomic profiling of the liver tissues of the offspring of gestational diabetic dams revealed accumulation of lipotoxic lipids and reduced phosphatidylethanolamine levels compared to the offspring of lean dams. The results establish that gestational diabetes mellitus is a driver of hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in the offspring. Maternal obesity is associated with a high risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is a common complication of pregnancy. The influence of maternal obesity and GDM on the metabolic health of the offspring is poorly understood. We hypothesize that GDM associated with maternal obesity will cause obesity, insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis in the offspring. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a high-fat (45%) and sucrose (HFS) diet to cause maternal obesity and GDM. Lean control pregnant rats received low-fat (LF; 10%) diets. To investigate the interaction between the prenatal environment and postnatal diets, rat offspring were assigned to LF or HFS diets for 12 weeks, and insulin sensitivity and hepatic steatosis were evaluated. Pregnant GDM dams exhibited excessive gestational weight gain, hyperinsulinaemia and hyperglycaemia. Offspring of GDM dams gained more weight than the offspring of lean dams due to excess adiposity. The offspring of GDM dams also developed hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance. The postnatal consumption of a LF diet did not protect offspring of GDM dams against these metabolic disorders. Analysis of the hepatic metabolome revealed increased diacylglycerol and reduced phosphatidylethanolamine in the offspring of GDM dams compared to offspring of lean dams. Consistent with altered lipid metabolism, the expression of CTP:phosphoethanolamine cytidylyltransferase, and peroxisomal proliferator activated receptor-α mRNA was reduced in the livers of GDM offspring. GDM exposure programs gene expression and hepatic metabolite levels and drives the development of hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in young adult rat offspring.
Maternal obesity characterized by gestational diabetes increases the susceptibility of rat offspring to hepatic steatosis via a disrupted liver metabolome$$$ The proceedings contain 73 papers. The topics discussed include: circulating betatrophin is strongly increased in pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus; role of hepatic growth hormone metabolism in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; polyclonal serum free light chains levels are associated with carotid atherosclerosis in type 2 diabetes mellitus; adipomyokine irisin (FNDC5) and browning factor PRDM16 expression levels are increased in subcutaneous adipose tissue in obese patients with type 2 diabetes one year after bariatric surgery; defects in suppressive capacity of regulatory t cells differ in children and adults with type 1 diabetes; changes in microRNA profiles in subcutaneous adipose tissue from T2DM patients following bariatric surgery; impact of age on the cardiovascular event risk conferred by HbA1c in patients with peripheral arterial disease; the alanine aminotransferase/aspartate aminotransferase ratio predicts future cardiovascular events in patients with established coronary artery disease and HOMA insulin resistance; quercetin counteracts hypoxia-mediated modulation of gene expression in SGBS adipocytes; diabetes awareness among coronary artery disease patients differs significantly between men and women; and pro B-type natriuretic peptide significantly predicts future vascular events in peripheral arterial disease patients with type 2 diabetes.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease is prevalent in non-diabetic women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus regardless of their glucose tolerance$$$ Background and aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes later in life. Furthermore, type 2 diabetes and obesity are associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). NAFLD is defined as a condition with excessive fat accumulation in the liver and absence of significant alcohol consumption. We examined glucose tolerance and fat distribution in obese, non-diabetic women with prior GDM. Materials and methods: Based on a 75g-OGTT, non-diabetic women with previous GDM were classified as having normal glucose tolerance (NGT) or prediabetes (impaired fasting glucose and/or impaired glucose tolerance). Insulin resistance (IR) was assessed by HOMA-IR. All women underwent an ultrasound scan of the liver to detect fat accumulation, blood sampling, and a dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) scan. The android-to-gynoid fat-ratio and total visceral fat mass were calculated based on the DXA scan. A questionnaire was used to evaluate alcohol consumption habits. Results: Women with previous GDM were included (n=70; age: 38±5 years (mean±SD); BMI: 31±5 kg/m2; HbA1c: 34±4 mmol/mol (5.4±0.4%); HOMA- IR: 1.2±0.6; duration since GDM: 5±2 years). Twenty four women had NGT (fasting plasma glucose (FPG) 5.4±0.3 mM; 2h-OGTT plasma glucose (PG): 6.7±1.4 mM) and 46 women had prediabetes (FPG 5.5±0.5 mM; 2h- OGTT PG: 9.2±1.1 mM). NAFLD was diagnosed in 5 (21%) women with NGT and 15 (33%) with prediabetes). Glucose tolerance status (NGT or prediabetes) did not coincide with NAFLD (p=0.39). Multivariable logistic regression analyses showed that NAFLD was positively associated with HOMA-IR (p=0.035), BMI (p=0.004), C-peptide (p=0.038), mass of visceral fat (p=0.004), the android-to-gynoid fat-ratio (p=0.027), and plasma levels of alanine aminotransferase (p=0.018) and aspartate aminotransferase (p=0.028). Conclusion: NAFLD is prevalent in non-diabetic women with previous GDM regardless of their glucose tolerance status, but is associated with HOMA-IR, high BMI, high C-peptide levels, android fat distribution, and elevated plasma liver enzymes.
Hyperglycemia: Mody: A diagnosis to remember$$$ Background: The detection of hyperglycemia on occasional evaluation raises the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus (DM). Maturity onset diabetes of the young (MODY), namely glucokinase deficiency, should be considered in cases of non-progressive hyperglycemia associated with a positive family history. Objective and hypotheses: We describe two unrelated cases of asymptomatic hyperglycemia where glucokinase mutations were detected. Method: Case report. Results: Case 1: Female child. Family history: the father has impaired fasting glucose and hepatic steatosis; paternal grandparents have type 2 DM. At 3 years of age, hyperglycemia (195 mg/dl) was detected; this evaluation was repeated and fasting glycemias were always high (110-128 mg/dl); 3 years later, an OGTT (fasting - 122 mg/dl; 120' - 144 mg/dl) was performed and she was referred to our center. Clinical observation was negative; BMI was 21.6 kg/m2 (75th centile). Laboratory evaluation confirmed the previous results: glycemia - 121 mg/dl, A1cHb 6.6%, HOMA 1.3. Anti-GAD antibody was positive (5.4 U/ml) and ICA and IAA autoantibodies were undetectable. The possibility of a glucokinase mutation was considered and a new mutation was detected. Case 2: Male child. Family history: mother had had gestational diabetes and currently has DM treated with gliclazide; maternal grandmother and great-grandfather had type 2 DM. At 3 years of age, during acute gastroenteritis, hyperglycemia (169 mg/dl) was detected. Repeated home monitoring showed both fasting (104-117 mg/dl) and postprandial (120-160 mg/dl) hyperglycemia. He was referred at 5 years of age; clinical observation was normal. Laboratory evaluation revealed: OGTT - glycemia: 109 mg/dl (fasting) and 162 mg/dl (120'); A1cHb: 6.3%, HOMA: 0.4; negative autoantibodies. The molecular study confirmed a descrided mutation in the glucokinase gene. In both cases, only dietetic measures have been used so far. Conclusion: In patients with asymptomatic hyperglycemia, MODY diagnosis should be considered as it has both prognostic and therapeutic implications. The genetic characterization of the subtype is essential.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus: The liver disease of our age?$$$ Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a chronic liver disease that might affect up to one-third of the adult population in industrialised countries. NAFLD incorporates histologically and clinically different non-alcoholic entities; fatty liver (NAFL, steatosis hepatis) and steatohepatitis (NASH-characterised by hepatocyte ballooning and lobular inflammation ± fibrosis) might progress to cirrhosis and rarely to hepatocellular cancer. NAFL increasingly affects children (paediatric prevalence is 4.2%-9.6%). Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), insulin resistance (IR), obesity, metabolic syndrome and NAFLD are particularly closely related. Increased hepatic lipid storage is an early abnormality in insulin resistant women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. The accumulation of triacylglycerols in hepatocytes is predominantly derived from the plasma non-esterified fatty acid pool supplied largely by the adipose tissue. A few NAFLD susceptibility gene variants are associated with progressive liver disease, IR, T2DM and a higher risk for hepatocellular carcinoma. Although not approved, pharmacological approaches might be considered in NASH patients.
Unusual cases of diabetes mellitus as a result of heterozygous missense mutation R482W in Lmna gene in 2 unrelated families, described for the first time in Russian population$$$ Background: Familial partial lipodystrophy type 2 (FPLD2) is a rare genetic condition, associated with different metabolic disorders, like insulin resistant diabetes mellitus, dyslipidaemia, hepatic steatosis, cardiovascular disease, PCOS and reproductive problems. Clinical case 1: A 20 y.o. woman first presented with abnormal subcutaneous fat redistribution, acanthosis nigricans, diabetes since 18 y.o., with significant insulin resistance (insulin daily dosage up to 200 U and combined therapy with no effect). Despite different therapeutic strategies, glycemic control was poor: HbA1c 15.4% (< 6.5%), glycemic levels during the day 13.0-25.0 mmol/l (3.9-6.1); ALAT 222 U/l (10-40), ASAT 149 U/l (10-40), total cholesterol 452 mg/dl (<175), triglycerides 953 mg/dl (<150), insulin 49 mcm/ml (5-25), leptin 6.4 ng/ml (3.7-11.1). US-scan: hepatic steatosis, hepatomegaly, splenomegaly. Total fat% (by total body DXA) - 23,3% . Menstrual cycle was regular, with ovulation, and no US-signs of PCO.Hypercortisolism and acromegaly were excluded. Clinical signs and family history of specific changed appearance, diabetes and PCOS in aunt and cousins led us to the clinical diagnosis of FPLD2, which was confirmed genetically by sequencing of LMNA gene: heterozygous missense mutation R482W, previously described in FPLD2 (1). Clinical case 2: A 29 y.o. woman presented with similar changes in appearance as Patient 1, since 13 y.o. Since the age of 18 she had dysmenorrhea due to PCOS, impaired glucose tolerance, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, mild arterial hypertension. In the age of 26 ovarian wedge resection was performed successfully, and in 28 y.o. patient delivered a healthy baby. During the pregnancy she developed gestational diabetes, controlled with diet and insulin in 3d trimester. A year after delivery: HbA1c 6.0% (<6.5%), starving glycemia 5.7 mmol/l (3.9- 6.1), after OGTT - 8.1 mmol/l (<7.8); ALAT 35 U/l (10-40), ASAT 31 U/l (10-40), total cholesterol 246 mg/dl (<175), triglycerides 2120 mg/dl (<150), insulin 68.6 mcm/ml (5-25), leptin 3.9 ng/ml (3.7-11.1). US-scan: hepatic steatosis, hepatomegaly. Total fat% (by total body DXA) - 23,3%. Like in case 1, the clinical diagnosis of FPLD2 was confirmed genetically by revealing the very same LMNAmutation R482W. In both cases, symptomatic combined hypolipidemic and antihyperglycemic treatment showed not enough efficiency, so we plan to start metreleptin therapy, recently approved for inherited lipodystrophies treatment by FDA, as soon as it will be registered in Russia. Conclusion: These cases show how clinical manifestations of one inherited disease due to the very same gene mutation may vary and lead to different metabolic disorders in young age. These are the first 2 families with FPLD2 due to LMNA mutation described in Russian population, which provides a key for further studies of this pathology in Russia, correct diagnostics and treatment.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is prevalent in non-diabetic women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus regardless of their glucose tolerance status$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes later in life. Type 2 diabetes and obesity are associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). We examined glucose tolerance and fat distribution in obese, non-diabetic women with prior GDM. Based on a 75g-oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), non-diabetic women with previous GDM were classified as having normal glucose tolerance (NGT) or prediabetes (impaired fasting glucose and/or impaired glucose tolerance). Insulin resistance (IR) was assessed by the homeostasis model assessment (HOMAIR). All women underwent an ultrasound scan of the liver, blood sampling, and a dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) scan. The android-to-gynoid fat-ratio and total visceral fat mass were calculated based on the DXA scan. A questionnaire was used to evaluate alcohol consumption habits. Women with previous GDM were included (n=59; age: 38±5 years (mean±standard deviation); BMI: 31±5 kg/m2; HbA1c: 33±5 mmol/mol; HOMAIR: 1.2±0.6; duration since GDM: 5±2 years). Eighteen women had NGT (fasting plasma glucose (FPG) 5.4±0.3 mM; 2h-OGTT plasma glucose (PG): 7.2±1.0 mM) and 41 women had prediabetes (FPG 5.5±0.5 mM; 2h-OGTT PG: 9.3±1.1 mM). NAFLD was diagnosed in 5 (28%) women with NGT and 14 (34%) with prediabetes). Glucose tolerance status (NGT or prediabetes) did not coincide with NAFLD (P=0.63). Multivariable logistic regression analyses showed that NAFLD was positively associated with IR level (P=0.03), BMI (P=0.004), C-peptide (P=0.028), mass of visceral fat (P=0.008), the androidto- gynoid fat-ratio (P=0.03), and plasma levels of alanine amino transferase (P=0.01) and aspartate amino transferase (P=0.03). NAFLD is prevalent in women with previous GDM regardless of their glucose tolerance status, but seems to be associated with IR, high BMI, high C-peptide levels, android fat distribution, and elevated plasma liver enzymes.
Hepatic rather than cardiac steatosis relates to glucose intolerance in women with prior gestational diabetes$$$ Background: Increased myocardial lipid accumulation has been described in patients with pre- and overt type 2 diabetes and could underlie the development of left-ventricular dysfunction in metabolic diseases (diabetic cardiomyopathy). Since women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) display a generally young population at high risk of developing diabetes and associated cardiovascular complications, we aimed to assess whether myocardial lipid accumulation can be detected at early stages of glucose intolerance and relates to markers of hepatic steatosis (Fatty Liver Index), cardiac function, insulin sensitivity and secretion. Methods: Myocardial lipid content (MYCL), left-ventricular function (1H-magnetic-resonance-spectroscopy and -imaging), insulin sensitivity/secretion (oral glucose tolerance test) and the fatty liver index (FLI) were assessed in 35 pGDM (45.6±7.0 years, 28.3±4.8 kg/m 2) and 14 healthy control females (CON; 44.7±9.8 years, 26.1±2.5 kg/m2), matching for age and body-mass-index (each p>0.1). Results: Of 35 pGDM, 9 displayed normal glucose tolerance (NGT), 6 impaired glucose regulation (IGR) and 20 had been already diagnosed with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). MYCL and cardiac function were comparable between pGDM and CON; in addition, no evidence of left-ventricular dysfunction was observed. MYCL was inversely correlated with the ejection fraction in T2DM (R = 20.45, p<0.05), while the FLI was tightly correlated with metabolic parameters (such as HbA1C, fasting plasma glucose and HDL-cholesterol) and rose along GT-groups. Conclusions: There is no evidence of cardiac steatosis in middle-aged women with prior gestational diabetes, suggesting that cardiac complications might develop later in the time-course of diabetes and may be accelerated by the co-existence of further risk factors, whereas hepatic steatosis remains a valid biomarker for metabolic diseases even in this rather young female cohort. © 2014 Winhofer et al.
Unusual case of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and gestational diabetes as a result of familial partial lipodystrophy type 2 (FPLD2) due to heterozygous missense mutation R482W in LMNA gene, described for the first time in Russian population$$$ Background: Familial partial lipodystrophy type 2 (FPLD2) is a rare genetic condition, associated with different metabolic disorders, like diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, hepatic steatosis, cardiovascular diseases, PCOS and reproductive problems. Clinical case: A 29 y.o. woman presented with changed appearance due to abnormal subcutaneous fat tissue redistribution and acanthosis nigricans since 13 y.o. Since the age of 18 she had dysmenorrhea due to PCOS, impaired glucose tolerance, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, mild arterial hypertension. In the age of 26 ovarian wedge resection was performed successfully, and in 28 y.o. patient delivered a healthy baby. During the pregnancy she developed gestational diabetes, controlled with diet and insulin in 3 rd trimester. A year after delivery: HbA1c 6.0% (< 6.5%), fasting glycemia 5.7 mmol/l (3.9 - 6.1), after OGTT - 8.1 mmol/l (< 7.8); ALAT 35 U/l (10 - 40), ASAT 31 U/l (10 - 40), total cholesterol 246 mg/dl (< 175), triglycerides 2120 mg/dl (< 150), insulin 68.6 mcm/ml (5 - 25), leptin 3.9 ng/ml (3.7 - 11.1). US-scan: hepatic steatosis, hepatomegaly. Total fat % (by total body DXA) - 23.3%. All those clinical signs and metabolic disorders, found as well, though less severe, in a patient's younger sister, led us to the clinical diagnosis of FPLD2, which was confirmed genetically by sequencing of LMNA gene and revealing heterozygous missense mutation R482W, previously described in FPLD2. Symptomatic combined hypolipidemic treatment and metformin showed not enough efficiency, so we plan to start metreleptin therapy, recently approved for inherited lipodystrophies treatment by FDA, as soon as it will be registered in Russia. Conclusion: This is the first case of PCOS and gestational diabetes due toLMNAmutation described in Russian population, which provides a key for further studies of lipodystrophies, as well as more accurate analysis of PCOS and gestational diabetes in each particular patient to provide better diagnostics and treatment.
The impact of early nutrition on the ageing trajectory$$$ Epidemiological studies, including those in identical twins, and in individuals in utero during periods of famine have provided robust evidence of strong correlations between low birth-weight and subsequent risk of disease in later life, including type 2 diabetes (T2D), CVD, and metabolic syndrome. These and studies in animal models have suggested that the early environment, especially early nutrition, plays an important role in mediating these associations. The concept of early life programming is therefore widely accepted; however the molecular mechanisms by which early environmental insults can have long-term effects on a cell and consequently the metabolism of an organism in later life, are relatively unclear. So far, these mechanisms include permanent structural changes to the organ caused by suboptimal levels of an important factor during a critical developmental period, changes in gene expression caused by epigenetic modifications (including DNA methylation, histone modification and microRNA) and permanent changes in cellular ageing. Many of the conditions associated with early-life nutrition are also those which have an age-associated aetiology. Recently, a common molecular mechanism in animal models of developmental programming and epidemiological studies has been development of oxidative stress and macromolecule damage, specifically DNA damage and telomere shortening. These are phenotypes common to accelerated cellular ageing. Thus, this review will encompass epidemiological and animal models of developmental programming with specific emphasis on cellular ageing and how these could lead to potential therapeutic interventions and strategies which could combat the burden of common age-associated disease, such as T2D and CVD. © The Authors 2014.
Developmental origins of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Obese pregnant women may transmit their metabolic phenotype to offspring, leading to a cycle of obesity and diabetes over generations. Early childhood obesity predicts nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), the most common chronic human liver disease. The fetus may be vulnerable to steatosis because immature fetal adipose depots are not available to buffer the excess transplacental lipid delivery in maternal obesity. In animal models, in utero high-fat diet exposure results in an increase in the accumulation of liver triglycerides in offspring and increased hepatic oxidative stress and apoptosis, perhaps priming the liver for later development of NAFLD. Innate immune dysfunction and necroinflammatory changes have been observed in postnatal offspring liver of animals born to high-fat-fed dams. Postweaning, livers of offspring exposed to maternal high-fat feeding in utero share pathophysiologic features with human NAFLD, including increased de novo lipogenesis and decreased free fatty acid oxidation. Human studies using magnetic resonance imaging have shown that maternal BMI predicts infant intrahepatocellular lipid storage, as seen in animal models. The generational transfer of NAFLD may occur via epigenetic changes in offspring liver. Transmission of microbiota from mother to infant may impact energy retention and immune function that contribute to a predisposition to NAFLD. © 2014 International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc.
Pregravid liver enzyme levels and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus during a subsequent pregnancy$$$ OBJECTIVE: Liver enzymes are independent predictors of type 2 diabetes. Although liver fat content correlates with features of insulin resistance, a risk factor for developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the relationship between liver enzymes and GDM is unclear. The objective of this study was to assess whether pregravid liver enzyme levels are associated with subsequent risk of GDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A nested case-control study was conducted among women who participated in the Kaiser Permanente Northern California multiphasic health checkup (1984-1996) and had a subsequent pregnancy (1984-2009). Case patients were 256 women who developed GDM. Two control subjects were selected for each case patient and matched for year of blood draw, age at examination, age at pregnancy, and number of intervening pregnancies. RESULTS: Being in the highest quartile versus the lowest quartile of γ-glutamyl transferase (GGT) levels was associated with a twofold increased risk of subsequent GDM (odds ratio 1.97 [95% CI 1.14-3.42]), after adjusting for race/ethnicity, prepregnancy BMI, family history of diabetes, and alcohol use. This result was attenuated after adjusting for homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), fasting status, and rate of gestational weight gain. There was significant interaction between GGT and HOMA-IR; the association with GGT was found among women in the highest tertile of HOMA-IR. Aspartate aminotransferase and alanine aminotransferase were not associated with increased GDM risk. CONCLUSIONS: Pregravid GGT level, but not alanine aminotransferase or aspartate aminotransferase level, predicted the subsequent risk of GDM. Markers of liver fat accumulation, such as GGT level, are present years before pregnancy and may help to identify women at increased risk for subsequent GDM. © 2014 by the American Diabetes Association.
Developmental origins of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Obese pregnant women may transmit their metabolic phenotype to offspring, leading to a cycle of obesity and diabetes over generations. Early childhood obesity predicts nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), the most common chronic human liver disease. The fetus may be vulnerable to steatosis because immature fetal adipose depots are not available to buffer the excess transplacental lipid delivery in maternal obesity. In animal models, in utero high-fat diet exposure results in an increase in the accumulation of liver triglycerides in offspring and increased hepatic oxidative stress and apoptosis, perhaps priming the liver for later development of NAFLD. Innate immune dysfunction and necroinflammatory changes have been observed in postnatal offspring liver of animals born to high-fat-fed dams. Postweaning, livers of offspring exposed to maternal high-fat feeding in utero share pathophysiologic features with human NAFLD, including increased de novo lipogenesis and decreased free fatty acid oxidation. Human studies using magnetic resonance imaging have shown that maternal BMI predicts infant intrahepatocellular lipid storage, as seen in animal models. The generational transfer of NAFLD may occur via epigenetic changes in offspring liver. Transmission of microbiota from mother to infant may impact energy retention and immune function that contribute to a predisposition to NAFLD.
A Possible Role of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome for Pregnancy Complications in Women with Psoriasis$$$ Postmarketing Phase IV Psoriasis is a common, chronic, relapsing immune-mediated inflammatory disease (IMID) of the skin. IMIDs are multifactorial diseases characterized by common molecular pathways leading to a systemic inflammation. Patients with an IMID are also at higher risk of developing co-morbidities, such as adverse pregnancy outcomes, than the general population. A higher rate of pregnancy complications have been seen in inflammatory bowel disease and rheumatoid arthritis. The data for psoriasis are inconsistent but it appears that women with moderate-to-severe psoriasis may also have an increased risk of poor pregnancy outcomes. The cause of this association is unknown, although it may be related to elevated proinflammatory cytokines such as IL-6 and TNF-α, the high prevalence of comorbidities and other unhealthy behaviours, or the high prevalence of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). In a recent study, PCOS prevalence in a psoriatic cohort (n = 51) was higher than in non-psoriatic women (n = 102) (47% versus 11%), and women with PCOS and psoriasis had a greater probability of insulin resistance, hyperinsulinaemia, and dyslipidaemia as well as a more severe skin condition, than those with psoriasis alone. Further studies are necessary to clarify the impact of psoriasis on pregnancy and in particular if these effects are mediated by concomitant PCOS.
Leptin and epilepsy$$$ Leptin (from the greek word leptos meaning “thin”) was identified in 1994 by positional cloning of the ob gene responsible for obesity in homozygous ob/ob mice - the experimental model of obesity characterized in 1950s and extensively used since that time in experimental studies. Leptin, encoded by the Ob gene, is the 16 kDa protein synthesized and secreted by white adipose tissue, which acts on hypothalamic neurons to suppress food intake and increase energy expenditure. Homozygous ob/ob mice do not produce functional leptin and consequently develop severe obesity as a result of hyperphagia and reduced energy expenditure (decrease in locomotor activity and lower basal metabolic rate as reflected by decrease in body temperature). In addition, ob/ob mice exhibit severe insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, hyperglycemia, hypercortisolemia and infertility. Administration of recombinant leptin normalizes body weight and corrects all metabolic abnormalities in these animals [Zhang et al., Nature, 2004]. Inherited leptin deficiency is a very rare cause of obesity in humans. Most obese individuals have high plasma leptin concentration, which reflects greater amount of adipose tissue and resistance of hypothalamus to anorectic effect of this hormone. Leptin is responsible for “adipostat” - the negative feedback mechanism which regulates food intake depending on the amount of triglyceride stores in adipose tissue. Currently it is suspected that the main physiological role of leptin is to signal energy deficit. When the amount of adipose tissue decreases as the effect of food restriction, hypoleptinemia results in increase in appetite, decrease in energy expenditure, and inhibition of energy-consuming processes such as inflammatory/ immune response and reproduction. Leptin receptor belongs to a class I cytokine receptors and is a single membrane-spanning protein which consists of extracellular, transmembrane and intracellular domains. Six isoforms of the leptin receptor, Ob-Ra through Ob-Re, have been identified. They are encoded by a single gene and are synthesized by alternative mRNA splicing. All of them (except Ob-Re) share the same extracellular and transmembrane domains but differ in intracellular domain. The longest isoform, Ob-Rb, responsible for anorectic effect of leptin stimulates cytosolic tyrosine kinase Jak2 which phosphorylates Signal Transducer and Activator of Transcription-3 (STAT-3) protein; the latter translocates to the nucleus and stimulates the expression of target genes. In addition, Ob-Rb can signal through other mechanisms such as protein kinases C, mitogenactivated protein kinases (MAPK), phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K) or nitric oxide. Ob-Ra, Ob-Rc and Ob-Rd have shorter intracellular domains and cannot stimulate the Jak2-STAT-3 pathway but are able to trigger other signaling mechanisms. Ob-Re is a truncated receptor which consist only of a part of extracellular domain; it circulates in plasma as a soluble leptin receptor (sLR) - the main leptin-transporting protein [Fruhbeck, Biochem J, 2006]. Leptin receptors are expressed in almost all tissues and chronic hyperleptinemia associated with the metabolic syndrome is implicated in the pathogenesis of many disorders including arterial hypertension, atherosclerosis, heart failure, autoimmune and inflammatory diseases (multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis, etc.), breast, colon and endometrial cancers, gestational diabetes, polycystic ovarian syndrome and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. In experimental studies leptin has been demonstrated to have both proand anticonvulsant activity. For example, intracerebroventricularly administered leptin increased the frequency of penicillin-induced epileptiform EEG activity in the rat by stimulating neuronal NO synthase [Ayyildiz et al., Brain Res Bull, 2006; Aslan et al., Brain Res, 2010]. In mice, leptin administered intraperitoneally augmented NMDA-induced and, to a lesser extent, AMPA- or kainate-induced clonic and tonic seizures [Lynch et al., Brain Res Bull, 2010]. In contrast, centrally administered leptin reduced the amplitude and frequency of seizures induced by 4- aminopyridine (the antagonist of voltage-sensitive K+ channels) in the rat. Similarly, intranasally administered leptin exhibited anticonvulsant activity in mouse pentetrazole model [Xu et al., J Clin Invest, 2008]. These effects are most likely associated with the inhibition of AMPA receptor-, but not NMDA receptor-, mediated neurotransmission. Consistently with these data, leptin deficient ob/ob mice demonstrate greater frequency of generalized clonic and clonic-tonic seizures after intraperitoneal pentetrazole injection [Erbayat-Altay et al., Neurosci Lett, 2008]. These data suggested that leptin, (especially administered intranasally) could be a novel antiepileptic drug. However, in the above mentioned studies leptin was administered before inducing acute seizures and it is unclear if it is effective in chronic epilepsy. In addition, chronic elevation of leptin to supraphysiological level often induces leptin resistance. Finally, because leptin was demonstrated to inhibit glutaminergic neurotransmission in hippocampal neurons, the possible adverse effects such as impairment of learning and memory should be taken into account. Leptin had neuroprotective activity in different experimental models. For example, leptin inhibited apoptosis of SH-SY5Y neuroblastoma cells induced by serum deprivation [Russo et al., Endocrinology, 2004] or MPTP [Lu et al., Neurosci Lett, 2006]. Similarly, leptin protected cortical neurons against hypoxia or glucose deficiency-induced apoptosis [Zhang et al., Stroke, 2007] and hippocampal neurons against NMDA- or oxidative stress-induced apoptosis [Guo et al., J Biol Chem 2008]. In vivo, leptin reduced status epilepticus-induced neurodegeneration of hippocampal neurons [Obeid, Epilepsy Behav, 2010]. Many of the currently used antiepileptic medications affect plasma leptin concentration. Valproate, carbamazepine, gabapentin, vigabatrin and pregabalin increase plasma leptin concentration, topiramate and felbamate have the opposite effects, whereas diphenylhydantoin, oxcarbazepine, levetiracetam, lamotrigine and tiagabine do not change leptin level. Changes in plasma leptin in patients treated with antiepileptic drugs usually parallel changes in adiposity and body weight [Hamed, Epilepsy Res, 2007].
A history of previous gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with adverse changes in insulin secretion and VLDL metabolism independently of increased intrahepatocellular lipid$$$ Aims/hypothesis: We have previously reported a high prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM). We wanted to confirm that intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL) is associated with pGDM independently of adiposity and determine: (1) if VLDL metabolism is dysregulated; and (2) the extent to which NAFLD and IHCL account for the dysmetabolic phenotype in pGDM. Methods: We analysed data from a cohort of 234 women (114 with pGDM) and identified effects of pGDM on lipid and glucoregulation that were independent of ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD. We then measured IHCL by MR spectroscopy in a representative subgroup (n = 36) and conducted detailed metabolic studies (IVGTT, VLDL apolipoprotein B [apoB] kinetics and palmitate turnover) and measurement of regional body fat by MRI to demonstrate effects of IHCL that were independent of a history of pGDM. Results: pGDM was associated with increased IHCL (p = 0.04) after adjustment for adiposity. Independently of IHCL, pGDM was associated with a lower IVGTT disposition index (p = 0.02) and acute insulin response to glucose (pGDM+/NAFLD-, 50% lower; pGDM+/NAFLD+, 36% lower; effect of pGDM, p = 0.03), increased VLDL apoB pool size (pGDM+/NAFLD-, 3.1-fold higher; pGDM+/NAFLD+, 1.2-fold higher; effect of pGDM, p = 0.02) and, at borderline significance (p = 0.05), increased rate of VLDL apoB synthesis. Conclusions/interpretation: pGDM is associated with increased IHCL independently of adiposity. The increased liver fat contributes to the phenotype, but pGDM status is independently associated with diminished insulin secretion and (shown for the first time) augmented VLDL metabolism. IHCL with pGDM may compound a dysmetabolic phenotype. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Partial lipodystrophy with severe insulin resistance and adult progeria Werner syndrome$$$ Background: Laminopathies, due to mutations in LMNA, encoding A type-lamins, can lead to premature ageing and/or lipodystrophic syndromes, showing that these diseases could have close physiopathological relationships. We show here that lipodystrophy and extreme insulin resistance can also reveal the adult progeria Werner syndrome linked to mutations in WRN, encoding a RecQ DNA helicase. Methods. We analysed the clinical and biological features of two women, aged 32 and 36, referred for partial lipodystrophic syndrome which led to the molecular diagnosis of Werner syndrome. Cultured skin fibroblasts from one patient were studied. Results: Two normal-weighted women presented with a partial lipodystrophic syndrome with hypertriglyceridemia and liver steatosis. One of them had also diabetes. Both patients showed a peculiar, striking lipodystrophic phenotype with subcutaneous lipoatrophy of the four limbs contrasting with truncal and abdominal fat accumulation. Their oral glucose tolerance tests showed extremely high levels of insulinemia, revealing major insulin resistance. Low serum levels of sex-hormone binding globulin and adiponectin suggested a post-receptor insulin signalling defect. Other clinical features included bilateral cataracts, greying hair and distal skin atrophy. We observed biallelic WRN null mutations in both women (p.Q748X homozygous, and compound heterozygous p.Q1257X/p.M1329fs). Their fertility was decreased, with preserved menstrual cycles and normal follicle-stimulating hormone levels ruling out premature ovarian failure. However undetectable anti-müllerian hormone and inhibin B indicated diminished follicular ovarian reserve. Insulin-resistance linked ovarian hyperandrogenism could also contribute to decreased fertility, and the two patients became pregnant after initiation of insulin-sensitizers (metformin). Both pregnancies were complicated by severe cervical incompetence, leading to the preterm birth of a healthy newborn in one case, but to a second trimester-abortion in the other. WRN-mutated fibroblasts showed oxidative stress, increased lamin B1 expression, nuclear dysmorphies and premature senescence. Conclusions: We show here for the first time that partial lipodystrophy with severe insulin resistance can reveal WRN-linked premature aging syndrome. Increased expression of lamin B1 with altered lamina architecture observed in WRN-mutated fibroblasts could contribute to premature cellular senescence. Primary alterations in DNA replication and/or repair should be considered as possible causes of lipodystrophic syndromes. © 2013 Donadille et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Are we overlooking polyuria in pregnancy?$$$ Background Polyuria is a common pregnancy symptom but excessive polyuria may be associated with gestational diabetes insipidus (GDI). GDI is a rare form of the endocrine disorder characterised by polyuria, nocturia and polydipsia due to inadequate or absent antidiuretic hormone. It is associated with pre-eclampsia and acute fatty liver disease. We discuss clinical presentation, diagnosis and management in two cases of GDI who delivered in our district hospital. Case 1 Thirty-six-year-old primigravida presented with vomiting, polydipsia and polyuria at 35 weeks of gestation. She was treated for suspected urinary tract infection and dehydration. Hypernatraemia was detected and diagnosis of GDI was then confirmed after water deprivation test. Her symptoms subsided with commencement on desmospressin. Postpartum normal urine and serum electrolyte balance concluded GDI. Case 2 Thirty-five-year-old primigravida developed recurrent GDI in her second pregnancy from 32 weeks of gestation and was promptly treated with desmopressin. Three years ago in her first pregnancy, she complained of polyuria, polydipsia and nocturia from 34 weeks of gestation. A normal glucose tolerance test ruled out gestational diabetes mellitus. Three weeks into her symptoms, GDI was suspected and she was started on desmopressin. She developed severe pre-eclampsia during labour and was treated with magnesium sulphate and intravenous labetalol. Urine osmolality performed 1 month postnatally was normal confirming GDI. Conclusion Our cases illustrate how patients with GDI are often diagnosed late as early symptoms mimic normal pregnancy and other medical conditions. Prompt diagnosis allows early intervention and prevention of serious maternal and fetal complications.
Prevalence of endocrine disorders in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Introduction: Association between nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and endocrine disorders has been suggested. The elements of metabolic syndrome may explain this association. The purpose of this study was to determine the prevalence of thyroid dysfunction, hypofertility, gestational diabetes and macrosomia among a cohort of patients with NAFLD. Patients and methods: We carried out a prospective study including patients with NAFLD. NAFLD was diagnosed by typical liver ultrasonographic findings. Subjects had no history of alcohol consumption > 20 g/day, no known etiologies of liver disease, negative tests for the presence of hepatitis virus. Clinical characteristics included age, sex, BMI, smoking, history of diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, macrosomia, gestational diabetes and hypofertility. Levels of serum-free thyroxine (FT4) and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) were measured. Results: A total of one hundred and one patients were included in the study.Theywere 80females and 21males.Mean agewas 52 years (range: 17-82). Mean BMI was 28.9 kg/m2. Most patients were overweight (80 %). Eighteen patients (17.8 %) were smokers. Fifty two patients (51.4 %)were diabetic, 47 had type 2 diabetesmellitus.Hypertensionwas noted in 50 subjects (49.5 %). Fifty nine subjects (58.4 %) had history of dyslipidemia. Two-thirds of patients had metabolic syndrome. Among females, macrosomia, gestational diabetes and hypofertility were reported in respectively 33.7, 17.5 and 13.8 % of cases. Thyroid dysfunction was associated in 8.9 % of cases. Eight subjects had hypothyroidism (7.9 %) and only one patient has hyperthyroidism. All patients with a clinical diagnosis of hypothyroidism were on replacement therapy. Conclusion: Our study showed an association between NAFLD and hypothyroidism, hypofertility, macrosomia and gestational diabetes. It is important to consider and screen for such comorbidities in patients with NAFLD especially in pregnant women.
Metformin: An old but still the best treatment for type 2 diabetes$$$ The management of T2DM requires aggressive treatment to achieve glycemic and cardiovascular risk factor goals. In this setting, metformin, an old and widely accepted first line agent, stands out not only for its antihyperglycemic properties but also for its effects beyond glycemic control such as improvements in endothelial dysfunction, hemostasis and oxidative stress, insulin resistance, lipid profiles, and fat redistribution. These properties may have contributed to the decrease of adverse cardiovascular outcomes otherwise not attributable to metformin's mere antihyperglycemic effects. Several other classes of oral antidiabetic agents have been recently launched, introducing the need to evaluate the role of metformin as initial therapy and in combination with these newer drugs. There is increasing evidence from in vivo and in vitro studies supporting its anti-proliferative role in cancer and possibly a neuroprotective effect. Metformin's negligible risk of hypoglycemia in monotherapy and few drug interactions of clinical relevance give this drug a high safety profile. The tolerability of metformin may be improved by using an appropiate dose titration, starting with low doses, so that side-effects can be minimized or by switching to an extended release form. We reviewed the role of metformin in the treatment of patients with type 2 diabetes and describe the additional benefits beyond its glycemic effect. We also discuss its potential role for a variety of insulin resistant and pre-diabetic states, obesity, metabolic abnormalities associated with HIV disease, gestational diabetes, cancer, and neuroprotection. © 2013 Rojas and Gomes.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Follistain like 3 overespression improves insulin sensitivity in diet induced obese female mice$$$ Introduction and aim. Myostatin a TGF beta super family member secreted primarily from skeletal muscle is a negative regulator of skeletal muscle mass. Recently, myostatin been implicated in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes. Elevated levels of myostatin protein have been found in muscle from diabetic and obese subjects. In mice injection of recombinant myostatin in mice decreased akt phosphorylation in response to insulin. Follistatin like 3 (fstl3) binds and inhibits the function of myostatin in both human and mice serum. Like myostatin Fstl3 has been found to be released from skeletal muscle. Similar myostatin, changes in Fstl3 has been linked to glucose metabolism in humans. Low plasma levels of fstl3 was associated with glucose intolerance and the development of gestational diabetes mellitus. Therefore the aim of this study was to investigate the effect of an increase in the endogen myostatin inhibitor fstl3 on metabolic function in a mouse model of diet induced obesity. Methods. We overexpressed fstl3 in female mice muscles using DNA electrotransfer to generate a mouse model with increased circulating levels of fstl3. MR scan was used to quantify fat volume, fat distribution and liver fat. Insulin and glucose tolerance test was used to access metabolic function. Tissue was dissected and frozen for protein and mRNA analysis. Results. DNA electrotransfer increased fstl3 in the circulation ∼ 3 times and lasted for 12 weeks. Overexpression of follistatin like 3 did not alter body weight or food intake. However, a 18 % reduction in fat volume and lower lever lipid was observed with MR. Muscle mass did increase only in the transfected muscle not nearby untransfected muscles. At 5 and 10 weeks, fstl3 mice on a high fat diet tended to have lower fasting glucose and insulin. There was no effect of fstl3 overexpression in mice on a regular chow diet. The glucose lowering effect of exogenous insulin was significantly higher in fstl3 mice on a high fat diet, and this was associated with increased Akt phoshorylation in skeletal muscle, but not adipose tissue or liver. Interestingly glucose tolerance was not affected by the elevated fstl3 on either diet. After 12 weeks AMPK phosphorylation (Thr172) was increased in transfected muscle on either diet. Conclusion A modest elevation in circulating fstl3 resulted in lower fat accumulation in female mice fed a high fat diet for 12 weeks. This resulted in lower glucose levels and increased Akt phosphorylation when the mice were injected with insulin. This effect was largely independent of muscle mass, but related to an increase in AMPK phosphorylation in skeletal muscle.
Metformin revisited - an 'old' drug with a 'new' beginning$$$ Acting as a weak activator of AMP-activated protein kinase, metformin has established itself as a cost-effective first line agent in the management of type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Besides slowing progression to this condition, its use is associated with improved survival and lower rates of myocardial infarction in T2DM, as well as benefits in stable patients with heart failure. Metformin may play a valuable role in early nephropathy, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and as adjunct therapy in type 1 diabetes. It is increasingly advocated in patients with gestational diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome. Its role as an anti-cancer agent remains controversial.
Prevalence of hepatic steatosis in stillborns delivered to women with diabetes mellitus$$$ Background: Maternal diabetes is a known risk factor for pregnancy complications including stillbirth, fetal macrosomia and congenital anomalies. We have observed prominent hepatic steatosis in stillbirth autopsies complicated by maternal diabetes, a finding not previously reported. In this case review we aim to determine if hepatic steatosis is associated with maternal diabetes. Design: Autopsy reports (2005-present) from both institutions were searched for cases of stillbirth occurring in the setting of maternal diabetes including: late onset diabetes mellitus (DM), early onset insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), with IRB approval for the exchange of data. Data collected included body and organ weights, clinical complications and major diagnoses at autopsy. Maternal ethnicity, BMI, hemoglobin A1c levels and placenta findings were recorded when available. HE and ORO (when available) liver slides were reviewed. Hepatic steatosis was assessed as microvesicular/ macrovesicular/mixed, periportal/pericentral/nonzonal and graded as Grade 0: 0-5%, Grade 1: 6-33%, Grade 2: 34-66% and Grade 3: >66%. Control cases belonged to stillborns delivered to women without any history of diabetes and were matched for gestational age and degree of maceration. The control cohort was enriched for maternal obesity as well as fetuses who measured large for gestational age and with similar primary cause of demise as the diabetic cohort. Data was analyzed using descriptive statistics and clinico-pathological correlation was obtained. Results: Hepatic steatosis was identified in 91% diabetic cases and 28% controls (p < 0.001), which was confirmed in a subset by ORO. In both cases and controls, steatosis was macrovesicular with a variable combination of large and small droplets. The presence or degree of steatosis did not correlate with type/control of maternal diabetes and in both groups did not correlate with BMI, cause of fetal demise or presence of macrosomia or hepatomegaly. Although limited numbers, there was a trend of less steatosis in younger age fetuses. Conclusions: Fetal hepatic steatosis is frequent in stillborns delivered to women with diabetes in pregnancy. Although hepatic steatosis is seen within adults having insulin resistance, the etiology of fetal steatosis in maternal diabetes and potential relationship to stillbirth is unclear.
Developmental programming in diabetes and obesity$$$ The adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with maternal obesity and gestational diabetes present an increasing clinical problem globally. The focus of this talk will be on the potential for longer term effects on the metabolic health of the child. Many motherchild cohort studies have proposed an independent association between maternal obesity and the risk of obesity and diabetes in the child and similar relationships are frequently reported between maternal diabetes (both Type 1 and Type 2/GDM) and the susceptibility to diabetes and obesity in the child. However, residual confounding is difficult to avoid in observational studies and causality remains difficult to prove. Animal models have provided much needed insight into 'programming' of diabetes and obesity. Experimentally induced diabetes in rodents is associated with persistent pancreatic β cell secretory dysfunction in the offspring, abnormal insulin signaling in insulin-sensitive tissues and altered development of the hypothalamus which has been linked to development of obesity in adult life. Maternal diet-induced obesity in several different animal species gives rise to metabolic and cardiovascular dysfunction in the offspring which also develop characteristics of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Prospective studies in children born to obese and diabetic mothers who have participated in intervention trials in pregnancy are underway, and these have the capacity to address these intriguing concepts of the transgenerational influence of maternal obesity and diabetes.
Fructose consumption during pregnancy and lactation induces fatty liver and glucose intolerance in rats$$$ Nutritional insults during pregnancy and lactation are health risks for mother and offspring. Both fructose (FR) and low-protein (LP) diets are linked to hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in nonpregnant animals. We hypothesized that dietary FR or LP intake during pregnancy may exacerbate the already compromised glucose homeostasis to induce gestational diabetes and fatty liver. Therefore, we investigated and compared the effects of LP or FR intake on hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in unmated controls (CTs) and pregnant and lactating rats. Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a CT, or a 63% FR, or an 8% LP diet. Glucose tolerance test at day 17 of the study revealed greater (P < .05) blood glucose at 10 (75.6 mg/dL vs 64.0 ± 4.8 mg/dL) minutes and 20 (72.4 mg/dL vs 58.6 ± 4.0 mg/dL) minutes after glucose dose and greater area under the curve (4302.3 mgbullet operatordL-1{bullet operator}min-1 vs 3763.4 ± 263.6 mg{bullet operator}dL-1{bullet operator}min-1) for FR-fed dams compared with CT-fed dams. The rats were euthanized at 21 days postpartum. Both the FR- and LP-fed dams had enlarged (P < .05) livers (9.3%, 7.1% body weight vs 4.8% ± 0.2% body weight) and elevated (P < .05) liver triacylglycerol (216.0, 130.0 mg/g vs 19.9 ± 12.6 mg/g liver weight) compared with CT-fed dams. Fructose induced fatty liver and glucose intolerance in pregnant and lactating rats, but not unmated CT rats. The data demonstrate a unique physiological status response to diet resulting in the development of gestational diabetes coupled with hepatic steatosis in FR-fed dams, which is more severe than an LP diet. © 2012 Elsevier Inc..
A case series of acute fatty liver of pregnancy complicated by diabetes insipidus: Experience at the royal women's hospital, parkville$$$ Description of case: Diabetes insipidus (DI) is an uncommon complication of acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP). AFLP is rare with an approximate incidence of 1 in 7000 to 1 in 20,000 deliveries.1 There can be serious maternal and neonatal outcomes if DI goes unrecognised. An understanding of the physiological mechanisms of sodium and water balance in pregnancy is important for the effective diagnosis and management of this condition. During pregnancy, there is a β-hCG mediated fall in the hypothalamic set point for osmolality by between 5-10osm/kg. This change in osmostat is thought to be maintained by a lowering of the AVP secretion threshold and is associated with a lowering of the serum concentration of sodium by up to 5mmol/L. In addition, there is increased AVP degradation due to the production of placental vasopressinases, which are metabolised by the liver. Diabetes insipidus occurs in AFLP when there is an increased breakdown of AVP due to reduced breakdown of vasopressinase by the liver.2 Management includes careful fl uid balance and treatment with desmopressin which is not degraded by vasopressinases. Urgent delivery may be indicated. We describe a case series of four patients with AFLP complicated by diabetes insipidus which illustrate the range of clinical presentations of this condition, its treatment and neonatal outcomes. This case series also highlights the changes in physiological osmoregulatory mechanisms that occur in pregnancy. //////////1. Knight M, et al. A prospective national study of acute fatty liver of pregnancy in the UK Gut 2008; 57: 951-6. 2. Aleksandrov N, et al. Gestational diabetes insipidus: A review of an underdiagnosed condition. JOGC 2010; 32: 225-31. Issues of interest in the case 1. Diabetes insipidus in an uncommon complication of acute fatty liver of pregnancy. 2. There is a β-hCG mediated fall in the hypothalamic set point for osmolality by between 5-10osm/kg. 3. Plasma sodium decreases by 5mmol/L in pregnancy. 4. Diabetes insipidus occurs in AFLP when there is an increased breakdown of AVP due to reduced breakdown of vasopressinase by the liver.
Cellular and molecular mechanisms of metformin: An overview$$$ Considerable efforts have been made since the 1950s to better understand the cellular and molecular mechanisms of action of metformin, a potent antihyperglycaemic agent now recommended as the first-line oral therapy for T2D (Type 2 diabetes). The main effect of this drug from the biguanide family is to acutely decrease hepatic glucose production, mostly through a mild and transient inhibition of the mitochondrial respiratory chain complex I. In addition, the resulting decrease in hepatic energy status activates AMPK (AMP-activated protein kinase), a cellular metabolic sensor, providing a generally accepted mechanism for the action of metformin on hepatic gluconeogenesis. The demonstration that respiratory chain complex I, but not AMPK, is the primary target of metformin was recently strengthened by showing that the metabolic effect of the drug is preserved in liver-specific AMPK-deficient mice. Beyond its effect on glucose metabolism, metformin has been reported to restore ovarian function in PCOS (polycystic ovary syndrome), reduce fatty liver, and to lower microvascular and macrovascular complications associated with T2D. Its use has also recently been suggested as an adjuvant treatment for cancer or gestational diabetes and for the prevention in pre-diabetic populations. These emerging new therapeutic areas for metformin will be reviewed together with recent findings from pharmacogenetic studies linking genetic variations to drug response, a promising new step towards personalized medicine in the treatment of T2D. © The Authors Journal compilation copy; 2012 Biochemical Society.
Fatty liver index predicts further metabolic deteriorations in women with previous gestational diabetes$$$ Background and Aims: Determinants of fatty liver (FL) might be predictive for further deterioration in insulin resistance (IR) in women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM). The aim was to evaluate the association between pGDM, FL and future manifestation of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) by a detailed pathophysiological characterization early after pregnancy. Methods: 68 pGDM and 29 healthy controls were included 3-6 months after delivery and underwent specific metabolic assessments: status of IR was determined via oral- and intravenous-glucose-tolerance-tests with analysis of proinflammatory factors and kinetics of free-fatty-acids (FFA). According to the fatty-liver-index (FLI), pGDMs were categorized into three groups with low (FLI≤20), intermediate (20<FLI<60) and high (FLI≥60) risk for FL to assess differences in metabolic parameters at baseline as well as in the 10-year incidence for T2DM. Accuracy of FLI was proven with 1H-magnetic-resonance-spectroscopy. Results: FL was strongly associated with IR in pGDM. pGDM with FLI≥60 showed significantly increased interleukin-6, plasminogen-activator-inhibitor-1, tissue-plasminogen-activator, fibrinogen and increased ultrasensitive-C-reactive-protein compared to the low risk group (FLI≤20). Analysis of FFA indicated a less pronounced decrease of plasma FFA levels during the oral-glucose-tolerance-test in subjects with FLI≥60. History of GDM plus FLI≥60 conferred a high risk for the manifestation of diabetes over 10 years of observation as compared to pGDMs with FLI≤20 (HR:7.85, Cl:2.02-30.5, p = 0.003). Conclusion: FL is closely linked to GDM, especially to IR and inflammation. Most interestingly, subjects with the highest FLI values showed significant alterations in FFA kinetics and a higher risk to develop T2DM in future. © 2012 Bozkurt et al.
The role of obesity in the development of polycystic ovary syndrome$$$ Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is one of the common endocrine diseases that affects women in their reproductive age. PCOS has diverse clinical implications that include reproductive (infertility, hyperandrogenism, hirsutism), metabolic (insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases) and psychological features (increased anxiety, depression and worsened quality of life). The exact patho-physiology of PCOS is complex and remains largely unclear. The prevalence of PCOS is estimated at 4-18%, depending on diverse factors discussed ahead. The phenotype varies widely depending on life stage, genotype, ethnicity and environmental factors including lifestyle and body weight. During the last decades, obesity and excess weight are major chronic diseases all around the word. Obesity increases some features of PCOS such as hyperandrogenism, hirsutism, infertility and pregnancy complications. Both obesity and insulin resistance increase diabetes mellitus type 2 and cardiovascular diseases. Moreover, obesity impairs insulin resistance and exacerbates reproductive and metabolic features of PCOS. It is well known that obesity is associated with anovulation, pregnancy loss and late pregnancy complications (pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes). Obesity in PCOS is also linked to failure or delayed response to the various treatments including clomiphene citrate, gonadotropins and laparoscopic ovarian diathermy. It has been reported that, after losing as little as 5 % of initial body weight obese women with PCOS improved spontaneous ovulation rates and spontaneous pregnancy. Therefore, the weight loss prior to conception improves live birth rate in obese women with or without PCOS. The treatment of obesity may include lifestyle therapy (diet and exercise), pharmacological treatment and bariatric surgery. In summary, weight loss is considered the first-line therapy in obese women with PCOS. In the present review, the consequence and treatment of obesity in women with PCOS are discussed. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers.
Polycystic ovary syndrome: Current infertility management$$$ This review summarizes the diagnosis of polycystic ovary syndrome and management of associated infertility. The goal is to guide clinicians through basic evaluation, initial treatment, and briefly describe more complex therapies. © 2011 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Current treatment strategies,,complications and considerations for the use of HIV antiretroviral therapy during pregnancy$$$ The global prevalence of HIV infection in the female population presents a significant healthcare burden in terms of mother-to-child transmission (MTCT) of the disease. This review aims to discuss current trends and treatment guidelines for the use of antiretroviral therapy during pregnancy and associated complications in this population. Historically, antiretroviral monotherapy with zidovudine was commonly used for preventing MTCT, and monotherapy with single-dose nevirapine is still used for prevention in resource-limited settings. Evidence suggests that combination therapy with HAART is a more effective treatment option than monotherapy when managing HIV in pregnant women. Current treatment guidelines recommend the use of HAART with a protease inhibitor (PI) or a nonnucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) plus two nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NRTI) as first-line therapy for the management of HIV infection in pregnant women and for preventing MTCT. Complications associated with the use of antiretroviral therapy during pregnancy should be taken into consideration when selecting a new antiretroviral regimen, or when continuing certain antiretroviral regimens in HIV-infected women who become pregnant while on therapy. NNRTI have been associated with severe and sometimes fatal hepatoxicity in some pregnant women and potentially teratogenic side effects in the fetus, and their use raises concerns regarding the development of drug- and class-resistant mutations. PI-based HAART has been associated with an increased risk of adverse effects such as premature delivery, low birth weight, dyslipidemia, glucose intolerance, and lipodystrophy. Despite this, initiating antiretroviral therapy with a PI plus two NRTI may become the preferred treatment option in pregnant women. Many of the side effects associated with PI were more prevalent when older PI and PI-based regimens that included those in combination with thymidine analog NRTI were used. An individual's history and baseline clinical and laboratory parameters should also be taken into consideration when choosing the most appropriate antiretroviral regimen during pregnancy.
Lupus and pregnancy$$$ Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) disproportionately affects women in their reproductive age years. Pregnancy in this systemic autoimmune disease has long been associated with poor obstetric outcomes. However, the frequency of pregnancy loss in lupus has dropped to a level commensurate with that of the general US population. The outcomes of lupus pregnancies are better if conception is delayed until the disease has been inactive for at least 6 months, and the medication regimen has been adjusted in advance. Pregnancy in lupus is prone to complications, including flares of disease activity during pregnancy or in the postpartum period, preeclampsia, miscarriage, stillbirth, intrauterine growth retardation, and preterm birth. Active lupus nephritis poses the greatest risk. The recognition of a lupus flare during pregnancy may be difficult because the signs and symptoms may mimic those of normal pregnancy. Monitoring should include baseline and monthly laboratory tests, serial ultrasonography, fetal surveillance tests, and fetal m-mode echocardiography for mothers with SS-A (Ro) or SS-B (La) antibodies. In the absence of any signs or symptoms of active SLE, affected patients require no specific treatment during pregnancy. If hydroxychloroquine was in use before conception, it should be maintained throughout pregnancy. If a woman with SLE has antiphospholipid antibodies, prophylactic treatment with aspirin and/or low-molecular weight heparin is indicated to prevent fetal loss. Lupus flares during pregnancy are generally treated with hydroxychloroquine, low-dose prednisone, pulse intravenous methylprednisolone, and azathioprine. High-dose prednisone and cyclophosphamide are reserved for severe lupus complications but are associated with significant pregnancy-related complications and poor obstetrical outcomes. Target Audience: Obstetricians and Gynecologists and Family Physicians Learning Objectives: After completing the CME activity, physicians should be better able to provide preconception counseling to a woman with lupus, differentiate signs of a lupus flare from symptoms of pregnancy, differentiate preeclampsia from a flare of lupus nephritis, and differentiate the serious medical complications of pregnancy in a lupus patient. © 2011 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Thrombocytopenia in Pregnancy$$$ Thrombocytopenia in pregnancy is most frequently a benign process that does not require intervention. However, 35% of cases of thrombocytopenia in pregnancy are related to disease processes that may have serious bleeding consequences at delivery or for which thrombocytopenia may be an indicator of a more severe systemic disorder requiring emergent maternal and fetal care. Thus, all pregnant women with platelet counts less than 100,000/μL require careful hematological and obstetric consultation to exclude more serious disorders. © 2011 Elsevier Inc.
Increased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in European women with a history of gestational diabetes$$$ Aims/hypothesis: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is common in type 2 diabetes but it is unknown whether NAFLD is prevalent in European women at risk of type 2 diabetes. We studied the prevalence of, and risk factors for, NAFLD in European women with previous gestational diabetes (GDM) at high risk of type 2 diabetes. Methods A total of 110 women with previous GDM and 113 without previous GDM, with non-diabetic glucose tolerance were recruited retrospectively from antenatal databases. Participants underwent liver ultrasound scan examination, anthropometry and blood sampling for liver function tests and to determine levels of fasting lipids, NEFA and insulin and glucose concentrations in order to derive insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion indices (HOMA%S and HOMA%B, respectively). Results: There was no significant difference in BMI in women with previous GDM compared with those without previous GDM (28.9±0.6 vs. 27.9±0.6 kg/m2, respectively; p=0.12). Women with previous GDM had higher fasting and 2 h glucose concentrations following a 75 g OGTT ([mean ± SEM] fasting glucose 5.3±0.1 vs. 5.1±0.1 mmol/l, p=0.02; 2 h glucose 6.8±0.2 vs. 5.8±0.3 mmol/l, p=0.02), dyslipidaemia (LDL-cholesterol 3.3±0.1 vs. 2.8±0.1 mmol/l; HDL-cholesterol [median {interquartile range}] 1.3 [1.2-1.6] vs. 1.8 [1.5-1.9] mmol/l; triacylglycerol 1.3 [0.9-1.6] vs. 1.0 [0.7-1.7] mmol/l, all p≤0.03), higher insulin secretion and lower insulin sensitivity. NAFLD prevalence was greater in women with previous GDM compared with those without previous GDM: 38% (95% CI 28-47%) vs. 17% (95% CI 10-24%), p=0.001. In multiple logistic regression analysis, lower insulin sensitivity and raised serum alanine transaminase concentrations were associated with NAFLD. Conclusions/interpretation: NAFLD is prevalent in European women with previous GDM. Impaired insulin sensitivity and increased liver transaminase activity are closely associated with NAFLD in these women. © Springer-Verlag 2010.
Body and liver fat mass rather than muscle mitochondrial function determine glucose metabolism in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ OBJECTIVE - Ectopic lipid storage in muscle (intramyocellular lipids [IMCL]) and liver (hepatocellular lipids [HCL]) coexists with impaired myocellular flux through ATP synthase (fATPase) in certain cohorts with increased risk of type 2 diabetes. Because women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) have elevated ectopic lipids and diabetes risk, we tested whether deteriorated energy metabolism contributes to these abnormalities. RESEARCH DESIGNANDMETHODS - A total of 23 glucose-tolerant nonobese pGDM and eight women with normal glucose metabolism during pregnancy with similar age, body mass, and physical activity underwent oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) and intravenous glucose tolerance tests at 4-5 years after delivery. OGTT values <463 mL · min-1 z m -2 were considered to indicate insulin resistance. pGDM were further stratified into insulin-resistant (pGDM-IR) and insulin-sensitive (pGDM-IS) groups. IMCL, HCL, and fATPase were measured with 1H/31P magnetic resonance spectroscopy. RESULTS - pGDM had 36% higher fatmass and 12% lower insulin sensitivity. Log-transformed fATPase was lower in pGDM (10.6 ± 3.8 μmol · mL muscle-1 · min-1 vs. 12.1 ± 1.4 μmol · mL muscle-1 · min -1, P < 0.03) and related to plasma adiponectin after adjustment for body fat (r = 0.44, P<0.04). IMCL were 61%and 69% higher in pGDM-IR (P<0.05 vs. pGDM-IS) and insulin resistant women (P<0.003 vs. insulin sensitive), respectively. HCL were doubled (P < 0.05) in pGDM and insulin resistant women, and correlated positively with body fat mass (r = 0.50, P < 0.01) and inversely with insulin sensitivity (r = -0.46, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS - Glucose-tolerant pGDM show increased liver fat but only slightly lower muscular insulin sensitivity and ATP synthesis. This suggests that alteration of hepatic lipid storage represents an early and predominant abnormality in this cohort. © 2011 by the American Diabetes Association.
Recurrent pregnancy-induced diabetes insipidus in a woman with hemochromatosis$$$ Diabetes insipidus is a rare disorder in pregnant women, predating pregnancy or appearing for the first time during gestation. In pregnancy it usually affects women with HELLP syndrome or acute fatty liver of pregnancy and results from the reduced hepatic degradation of placental vasopressinase leading to its increased activity. Although infiltrative diseases have been found to cause diabetes insipidus in non-pregnant population, very few studies showed that these disorders may manifest for the first time during gestation. We describe here the case of transient diabetes insipidus in two subsequent pregnancies of a female with hemochromatosis. The first symptoms of this disease appeared for the first time at the beginning of the third trimester of her second pregnancy, and diagnosis was established on the basis of typical clinical presentation, confirmed by a water deprivation test. Diabetes insipidus resulted from the increased activity of vasopressinase, caused by hemochromatosis-induced liver dysfunction, the presence of which was confirmed between the pregnancies by liver biopsy and identifcation of the HFE gene mutation. Subsequent desferrioxamine treatment resulted in a less severe clinical course of diabetes insipidus in the last patient's pregnancy. In both pregnancies, the patient was successfully treated with oral desmopressin, which is resistant to degradation by placental vasopressinase. Although unrecognized pituitary disorders may pose a serious health problem to the mother and fetus, hemochromatosis-induced diabetes insipidus, as the case of our patient demonstrates, if effectively diagnosed and treated, cannot be regarded as a contraindication for pregnancy. © The Japan Endocrine Society.
Plasma chemerin concentrations in relation to parameters of insulin sensitivity in women with gestational diabetes$$$ Background and aims: Chemerin, a novel adipokine, is a chemoattractant protein with several functions in innate and adaptive immunity and implicated in the regulation of glucose homeostasis. Previously, chemerin was found to enhance insulin-stimulated glucose uptake in 3T3-L1 adipocytes, to induce insulin resistance in skeletal muscle and to exacerbate glucose intolerance in mice, when administered exogenously. In humans, circulating chemerin levels are increased in insulin-resistant states, including obesity, polycystic ovaries syndrome or non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and to decrease following bariatric surgery. Further, insulin and metformin were suggested to regulate circulating chemerin concentrations. The objective of the present study was to evaluate whether GDM is associated with changes in plasma chemerin concentrations. Materials and methods: Plasma chemerin concentrations were measured in 20 pregnant women (10 GDM and 10 NGT) at 0, 30, 60 and 120 min of a 2h-75g-oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during gestational week 21-28 and three months after delivery by a commercially available ELISA kit (R&D Systems, Minneapolis, MO). Fasting insulin sensitivity was estimated by the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Results: No differences in circulating chemerin levels at any timepoint of the OGTT were observed between GDM and NGT during pregnancy or after delivery (p>0.05). However, the decrease in plasma chemerin concentration between 0 min and 30, 60 or 120 min of the OGTT was more pronounced in women with GDM during pregnancy (p<0.05, respectively) but not postpartum. Fasting plasma chemerin levels correlated with HOMA-IR (r=0.54, p=0.01), fasting insulin (r=.0.53, p=0.02) and fasting C-peptide levels (r=0.69, p<0.001), HDL-cholesterol (r=-0.47, p=0.04), CRP (r=0.58, p=0.008) and usCRP (r=0.65, p=0.004) during pregnancy and with HOMA-IR (r=0.54, p=0.02), fasting insulin (r=0.56, p=0.02) three months after delivery. The decrease in plasma chemerin following delivery (p<0.05, respectively) tended to be higher in women with GDM (p=0.08). Conclusion: Our study shows that plasma chemerin levels correlated with parameters of insulin sensitivity and inflammation also in women with GDM. However, no significant differences have been found in women with GDM as compared to pregnant, normal-glucose tolerant women. Thus, the potential role of chemerin in the pathogenesis of GDM remains to be determined.
Association of fatty liver index (FLI) with parameters of insulin sensitivity in women with prior gestational diabetes$$$ Background and aims: Most of the important risk determinants of the metabolic syndrome, including obesity, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia and hypertension are present in women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) and indicate their high risk for developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life. Fatty liver (FL) is associated with insulin resistance, in particular in the liver, and with CVD. The aim of the study was to evaluate the relationship between pGDM, presence of FL and insulin resistance. Materials and methods: A cross-sectional analysis was performed in 62 pGDM women and 28 women with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy (NGT) until 3 months after delivery. According to ivGTT insulin sensitivity index (SI), pGDM were divided into insulin resistant (IR; SI<2.8 10-4 min-1/(μU/ml)) or insulin sensitive (IS). The fatty liver index (FLI>60 =likelihood >78% presence of FL; FLI<20=likelihood >91% absence of FL) was calculated for each group and was correlated with metabolic parameters Results: Women with pGDM presented significantly higher FLI levels than women with NGT (30.0±3.6[SEM] vs. 20.6±5.6[SEM], p=0,008). In particular IR women showed higher FLI-values compared to IS (45.9±6.5 vs. 19.2±3.3, p=0.002). 16.1% of pGDM vs. 10.7% of NGT had FLI-values >60. In the whole sample FLI was negatively correlated with OGIS (rS=-0.58, p<0.001) and HDL-cholesterol (rS =-0.45, p<0.001). In addition, FLI was positively correlated with systolic and diastolic blood pressure, CRP, usCRP and liver enzymes. Further, we found a negative association with Adiponectin as well as a positive association with Leptin. Conclusion: Results suggest that women with pGDM are at higher risk for fatty liver disease. In particular insulin resistance is associated with significantly high FLI-values indicating that fatty liver could be another early marker for progression of the disease. (Table presented).
Assessment of fatty liver index (FLI) in relation to insulin sensitivity in women with prior gestational diabetes$$$ Results: Most of the important risk determinants of the metabolic syndrome, including obesity, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia, and hypertension are present in women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) and indicate their high risk for developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life. Fatty liver (FL) is also associated with insulin resistance, in particular in the liver, and with CVD. The aim was to evaluate the relationship between pGDM, presence of FL and insulin resistance. A cross-sectional analysis was performed in 62 pGDM women and 28 women with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy (NGT) until 3 months after delivery. According to ivGTT insulin sensitivity index (SI), pGDM were divided into insulin resistant (IR; SI<2.8 10-4 min-1/(μU/ml)) or insulin sensitive (IS). Insulin sensitivity (OGIS) was additionally assessed from oGTT. The recently validated fatty liver index (FLI>60 =likelihood >78% presence FL; FLI<20=likelihood >91% absence of FL) was calculated for each group and was correlated with metabolic parameters. Women with pGDM presented significantly higher FLI levels than women with NGT (30.0Â±3.6 [SEM] vs. 20.6Â±5.6 [SEM], p=0,008). In particular IR women showed higher FLI-values compared to IS (45.9Â±6.5 vs. 19.2Â±3.3, p=0.002). 16.1% of pGDM vs. 10.7% of NGT had FLI-values >60. In the whole sample FLI was negatively correlated with OGIS (rS=-0.58, p<0.001) and HDL-cholesterol (rS =-0.45, p<0.001). In addition, FLI was positively correlated with systolic and diastolic blood pressure, CRP, usCRP and liver enzymes. Further, we found a negative association between FLI and Adiponectin as well as a positive association with Leptin. Results suggest that women with pGDM are at higher risk for the development of fatty liver disease. In particular insulin resistance is associated with significantly high FLI-values indicating that fatty liver could be another early marker for progression of the disease. (Table Presented).
Assessment of Fatty Liver Index (FLI) in Relation to insulin sensitivity in women with prior gestational diabetes$$$ Important risk determinants of the metabolic syndrome are present in women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) and indicate their high risk for type-2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Fatty liver (FL) is also associated with insulin resistance, in particular in the liver, and with CVD. The aim was to evaluate the relationship between pGDM, presence of FL, and insulin resistance. A cross-sectional analysis was performed in 62 pGDM women and 28 women with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy (NGT) until 3 months after delivery. According to ivGTT insulin sensitivity index (SI), pGDM were divided into insulin-resistant (IR; SI < 2.8 × 10-4 × min-1/(μU/ml)) or insulin-sensitive (IS). The fatty liver index (FLI > 60 = likelihood > 78 % presence FL; FLI < 20 = likelihood > 91 % absence of FL) was calculated for each group and was correlated with metabolic parameters (Tab. 3). Women with pGDM presented significantly higher FLI levels than women with NGT (30.0 ± 3.6 [SEM] vs 20.6 ± 5.6 [SEM]; p = 0.008). In particular, IR women showed higher FLI values compared to IS (45.9 ± 6.5 vs 19.2 ± 3.3; p = 0.002). 16.1 % of pGDM vs 10.7 % of NGT had FLI values > 60. In the whole sample FLI was negatively correlated with OGIS (rS = -0.58; p < 0.001) and HDL-cholesterol (rS = -0.45; p < 0.001). In addition, FLI was positively correlated with systolic and diastolic blood pressure, CRP, usCRP and liver enzymes. Further, we found a negative association with adiponectin as well as a positive association with leptin. Results suggest that women with pGDM are at a higher risk for fatty liver disease. In particular insulin resistance is associated with significantly high FLI values indicating that fatty liver could be another early marker for progression of the disease.
Assessment of Fatty Liver Index (FLI) in Relation to insulin sensitivity in women with prior gestational diabetes$$$ The proceedings contain 49 papers. The topics discussed include: correction of vitamin d deficiency in critically ill patients: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study; exceptional bone mineral density gain over 6 years attributable to permanent hypoparathyroidism after thyroidectomy in a 36-year-old woman; increased physical activity is associated with favourable body composition and higher bone density; association between bone mineral density and coronary atherosclerosis in patients with Type-2 diabetes; assessment of fatty liver index (FLI) in relation to insulin sensitivity in women with prior gestational diabetes; Type-2 diabetes mellitus is a common complication following cardiac transplantation: does developing glycemia prevent catch-up in bone mineral density?; and thyroid stimulating hormone-secreting pituitary adenoma: a rare, diagnostically challenging, and potentially curable disease.
One consequence of infertility treatment: Multifetal pregnancy$$$ This article discusses the issue of multifetal pregnancy as a result of fertility treatments. Pregnancies with multiple gestations are associated with serious infant and maternal health risks as well as psychological distress and significant financial consequences, and are a far too common consequence of infertility treatments such as assisted reproductive technology (ART) and ovulation induction drugs. Women with multifetal pregnancies are at a higher risk for multiple pregnancy complications and maternal morbidity/mortality as well as stress, depression, and anxiety disorders, especially when there is the threat of a loss of one or more fetuses. The rise in rates of multifetal gestation and the accompanying increased risk to both mother and fetuses have led the American Society for Reproductive Medicine and the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology to develop guidelines to limit the number of transferred embryos during in vitro fertilization. Nurses who work with infertile women are in a position to educate them about the risks, benefits, and alternatives associated with ARTs and multifetal pregnancies, and should endeavor to learn as much as possible about this topic. © 2010 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The impact of insulin resistance on woman's health and potential treatment options$$$ Insulin resistance (IR) is causatively related to metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes, both of which increase the risk of adverse cardiovascular events; in women in particular, severe IR affects the reproductive system causing subfertility and health problems to the mother and the fetus. To date lifestyle modification is the mainstay of treatment, whereas antiobesity drugs and bariatric surgery have been shown to improve insulin sensitivity and many surrogate metabolic defects, real reduction in cardiovascular endpoints has yet to be proved. Increasing attention is being directed to the role of the central nervous system in the modulation of IR, as well as to the use of recombinant adipocytokines for IR management. The scope of this article is to cast light on the detrimental effects of IR on metabolism and the body systems in women as well as to highlight the current therapeutic approach, drugs in progress, and future therapeutic perspectives. © 2010 New York Academy of Sciences.
Insulin resistance markers in children$$$ The prevalence of obesity among children and adolescents is progressively increasing around the world. One of the important consequences of obesity is the development of insulin resistance (IR). This condition has a multifactorial pathogenesis and is associated with cardiovascular risk, diabetes, hypertension, polycystic-ovary syndrome and a shorter lifespan. IR during childhood may be diagnosed by physical examination or there may be clues in the histories of the patient and his/her family. When IR is suspected, tests on a blood sample (which are more reliable) are recommended. Most of the biochemical markers have been well defined in adults, but appropriate reference data for children are still lacking. Here we discuss the usefulness of various currently known biochemical markers to evaluate insulin sensitivity (homeostatic model assessment, the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index, the oral glucose tolerance test, Matsuda method and the whole-body insulin resistance index), hormones (leptin, adiponectin, resistin, glucocorticoids, the insulin-like growth factor-1-binding protein/growth hormone axis, ghrelin, sex hormone-binding globulin and retinol-binding protein-4) and inflammatory markers (C-reactive protein, IL-6, intercellular adhesion molecule-1, vascular adhesion molecule-1 and E-selectin), which can be used in the diagnosis of IR in children. Copyright © 2009 S. Karger AG.
Fructose consumption during pregnancy and lactation induced elevated liver triglyceride content and glucose intolerance in rats$$$ Gestational diabetes and fatty liver are health risks for both mother and offspring. Dietary fructose is linked to hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance. We investigated the effects of fructose intake on hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in pregnant and lactating rats and compared responses to a low protein diet, an established maternal dietary insult that predisposes offspring to risks for metabolic syndrome. Sprague-Dawley rats (n=25) were fed either a control diet (C), a 63% fructose diet (F) or an 8% protein diet (LP) during pregnancy and lactation. Glucose tolerance test at day 17 of pregnancy revealed greater (P < 0.1) blood glucose at 10 (75.6 vs 64.0±2.5 mg/dl) and 20 (72.4 vs 58.6±1.7 mg/dl) min after glucose dose and greater area under the curve (4302.3 vs 3763.4±117.0 mg·dl-1·min) for F fed rats compared to C fed rats. The dams were sacrificed at 21 days postpartum. The F fed rats had enlarged (P < 0.05) livers (11.4, vs 4.8±0.6 % body weight). Both F and LP fed rats had elevated (P < 0.05) liver triglyceride (199.6, 130.0 vs 19.9±2.9 mg/g liver weight) compared to C fed rats. Fructose induced fatty liver and glucose intolerance in pregnant and lactating rats. Low protein induced fatty liver intermediate to F and C diets. The data demonstrate gestational diabetes coupled with hepatic steatosis in fructose fed dams, which is more severe than a fetal programming diet of low protein.
Microcirculation and the metabolic syndrome$$$ The present review, to the authors' knowledge, is the first to specifically address the relationships between microcirculation and metabolic syndrome, a cluster of metabolic and cardiovascular modifications highly prevalent in the general population. Its close link to overweight and insulin resistance makes it the main cause of the worldwide burden of type 2 diabetes. However, metabolic syndrome is also observed in many other diseases, particularly, but not exclusively, those where insulin resistance is a main feature. Analysis of the literature reveals that this clinical situation is invariably linked to microvascular disturbances, such as abnormalities in arteriolar reactivity, capillary recruitment, permeability, and hemorheology. A particularly interesting observation is that these defects in small vessel structure and function are seen very early in life or disease. Very importantly, they further suggest that microcirculatory abnormalities may be not only secondary but also causal to the development and/or aggravation of insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. Mechanisms responsible for these modifications remain largely unknown, but insulin's vascular effects in the microvascular network, detailed in this review, are at least one example of such connections. The existing data point to a clear, at least bidirectional, relationship between microcirculation and metabolic syndrome. Additional studies should determine the level of reciprocal causality.
Comprehensive clinical management of polycystic ovary syndrome$$$ Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects 6-7% of reproductive-aged women. Although the diagnostic criteria for PCOS have been debated, it is frequently characterized by hyperandrogenism (hirsutism, acne, male-pattern hair loss), oligo-anovulation, and polycystic ovaries on ultrasound. The reproductive and metabolic complications associated with the syndrome can be serious, so a comprehensive approach to the evaluation and treatment of affected women is important. Menstrual cycle control is necessary to prevent endometrial hyperplasia, and this can be accomplished with hormonal contraception, progesterone therapy, and weight loss (if overweight). In women desiring pregnancy, commonly used ovulation induction therapies include weight loss, clomiphene citrate, and/or metformin. Cosmetic issues such as hirsutism, acne and male-pattern hair loss can be challenging to cope with. Treatment options include estrogen-containing hormonal contraceptive agents, antiandrogens, and topical agents. More permanent hair reduction can be achieved with electrolysis and laser therapy. Evaluation of metabolic complications includes risk assessment for diabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Women with PCOS should also be screened for sleep apnea, as this has been reported to occur more commonly in women with PCOS. Finally, mental health issues such as depression and eating disorders may be present. Many of the complications associated with PCOS can be managed with therapeutic lifestyle change, including a healthy diet, exercise, weight loss (if overweight), and psychological support. Pharmacological therapies are also available to effectively regulate menstrual cycles and manage cosmetic complications. This article will review the current diagnostic and therapeutic strategies in PCOS.
Transient gestational diabetes insipidus diagnosed in successive pregnancies: Review of pathophysiology, diagnosis, treatment, and management of delivery$$$ Gestational diabetes insipidus (GDI) is a rare disorder characterised by polyuria, polydypsia, and excessive thirst usually manifesting in the third trimester of pregnancy. The etiology is thought to depend on excessive vasopressinase activity, a placental enzyme that degrades arginine-vasopressin (AVP), but not 1-deamino-8-d-arginine vasopressin (dDAVP), which is a synthetic form. This is a transient syndrome and may be associated with acute fatty liver of pregnancy and preeclampsia. The use of dDAVP in symptomatic cases has been proven as a safe method for both the mother and the fetus during the pregnancy. We report a case of recurrent gestational diabetes insipidus in successive pregnancies, which responded to dDAVP and subsided after delivery. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2007.
Management of obesity in pregnancy$$$ Maternal pregravid obesity is a significant risk factor for adverse outcomes during pregnancy. In early pregnancy there is an increased risk of spontaneous abortion and congenital anomalies. In later gestation maternal metabolic manifestations of the metabolic syndrome, such as gestational hypertensive disorders and diabetes, become clinically recognized because of the increased insulin resistance in obese compared with nonobese women. In women with pregestational glucose intolerance, hypertension, central obesity, and lipid disorders, the physiologic changes in pregnancy increase the risk of problems previously not routinely encountered during pregnancy. These include chronic cardiac dysfunction, proteinuria, sleep apnea, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. At parturition the obese patient is at an increased risk of cesarean delivery and associated complications of anesthesia, wound disruption, infection, and deep venous thrombophlebitis. For the fetus there are short-term risks of fetal macrosomia, more specifically obesity, and long-term risks of adolescent components of the metabolic syndrome. Although preliminary results of bariatric surgery are encouraging, the procedure is expensive and not for all obese women, and we recognize that long-term follow-up data on offspring of obese women who have undergone bariatric surgery before pregnancy are lacking. In the interim, we need to encourage obese women to lose weight before conception, using lifestyle changes if possible. During pregnancy, weight gain should be limited to Institute of Medicine guidelines (currently under review) and encouragement given for physical activity. © 2007 The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Treating HIV during pregnancy: An update on safety issues$$$ The expanded use of multiple antiretroviral drugs during pregnancy has led to a reduction in the occurrence of perinatal transmission of HIV to <2%, but has led to concerns regarding both short-term toxicity and the long-term impact on the woman and her child. Enhanced toxicity of nevirapine has been noted among women with CD4+ lymphocyte counts >250 cells/μ L at treatment initiation and among pregnant women on long-term didanosine and stavudine. These drugs should be avoided in such situations if alternatives are available. Efavirenz has been associated with birth defects in monkeys, and several cases of neural tube defects have been reported in humans after first trimester exposure, so treatment with this drug should be avoided during the first trimester. Protease inhibitors have been associated with an increased risk of maternal glucose intolerance, pre-eclampsia and preterm birth in some, but not all, studies. Pregnancies exposed to antiretroviral therapy should be registered with the Antiretroviral Pregnancy Registry as early in pregnancy as possible in order to provide data on the risk of birth defects after exposure. The pharmacokinetics of nucleoside and non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors are not significantly changed in pregnancy, so standard dosing may be used. However, concentrations of several protease inhibitors are lower in pregnancy, so ritonavir-boosting or increased doses are required. Of great theoretical concern is the impact of resistance mutations that develop following single-dose nevirapine therapy on the response to later therapy among women and their infected infants. The use of dual nucleoside therapy for 3-7 days after single-dose nevirapine in the mother reduces but does not eliminate the risk of nevirapine resistance; alternative regimens for prevention of resistance are under study, as are the subsequent responses of the mother and her infant to therapy. Short courses of prophylactic zidovudine and nevirapine have been well tolerated in neonates. Concern has been raised, however, that these exposures may lead to persistent mitochondrial dysfunction or later cancers, underscoring the need for long-term surveillance of antiretroviral-exposed, HIV-uninfected infants.
The metabolic syndrome in children and adolescents$$$ The metabolic syndrome is a constellation of metabolic abnormalities that result in an increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease in adults. It emerges when a person's predisposition for insulin resistance is worsened by increasing central obesity and is largely confined to the overweight population. The United States National Cholesterol Education Program's Adult Treatment Panel III report proposed a set of criteria for the clinical diagnosis of metabolic syndrome in the adult population. A uniform definition for the paediatric population is lacking. Despite this, several studies have demonstrated that features of the syndrome develop in childhood and that the syndrome is present in up to 30% of obese children (body mass index at or above the 95th percentile). Ninety per cent of obese children meet at least one of the five criteria. The degree of abnormality is related to the body mass index, waist circumference and fasting insulin levels. There appears to be a genetic predisposition to the development of the syndrome and certain ethnic groups are at increased risk. The intrauterine environment also appears to play a role. Insulin resistance should be targeted for treatment through exercise and dietary intervention. The role of pharmacotherapeutic agents remains unclear. A uniform definition of the metabolic syndrome for paediatric patients needs to be created. Early intervention should be instituted because many of the features of the syndrome track from childhood into adulthood. ©2005 Pulsus Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Thrombocytopenia in the parturient$$$ Thrombocytopenia in pregnant women can be associated with substantial maternal and neonatal morbidity. It may result from a range of conditions and early implementation of some specific treatment may improve both maternal and neonatal outcome. In this review we discuss the clinical features of the more common causes of thrombocytopenia associated with pregnancy, and provide an overview of the anaesthetic considerations. © 2004 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Effects of identical weight loss on body composition and features of insulin resistance in obese women with high and low liver fat content$$$ Our objective was to determine how 8% weight loss influences subcutaneous, intra-abdominal, and liver fat (LFAT), as well as features of insulin resistance, in obese women with high versus low LFAT. A total of 23 women with previous gestational diabetes were divided into groups of high (9.4 ± 1.4%) and low (3.3 ± 0.4%) LFAT based on their median LFAT (5%) measured with proton spectroscopy. Both groups were similar with respect to age, BMI, and intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat. Before weight loss, women with high LFAT had higher fasting serum insulin and triglyceride concentrations than women with low LFAT. At baseline, LFAT correlated with the percent of fat (r = 0.44, P < 0.05) and saturated fat (r = 0.45, P < 0.05) of total caloric intake but not intra-abdominal or subcutaneous fat or fasting serum free fatty acids. Weight loss was similar between the groups (high LFAT -7.4 ± 0.2 vs. low LFAT -7.7 ± 0.3 kg). LFAT decreased from 9.4 ± 1.4 to 4.8 ± 0.7% (P < 0.001) in women with high LFAT and from 3.3 ± 0.4 to 2.0 ± 0.2% (P < 0.001) in women with low LFAT. The absolute decrease in LFAT was significantly higher in women with high than low LFAT (-4.6 ± 1.0 vs. - 1.3 ± 0.3%, P < 0.005). The decrease in LFAT was closely correlated with baseline LFAT (r = -0.85, P < 0.001) but not with changes in the volumes of intra-abdominal or subcutaneous fat depots, which decreased similarly in both groups. LFAT appears to be related to the amount of fat in the diet rather than the size of endogenous fat depots in obese women. Women with initially high LFAT lost more LFAT by similar weight loss than those with low LFAT, although both groups lost similar amounts of subcutaneous and intra-abdominal fat. These data suggest that LFAT is regulated by factors other than intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat. Therefore, LFAT does not appear to simply reflect the size of endogenous fat stores.
Liver-fat accumulation and insulin resistance in obese women with previous gestational diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: We determined whether fat accumulation in the liver is associated with features of insulin resistance independent of obesity. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: We recruited 27 obese nondiabetic women in whom liver fat (LFAT) content was determined by proton spectroscopy, intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat by magnetic resonance imaging, and insulin sensitivity by the euglycemic insulin clamp technique. The women were divided based on their median LFAT content (5%) to groups with low (3.2 +/- 0.3%) and high (9.8 +/- 1.5%) liver fat. The groups were almost identical with respect to age (36 +/- 1 vs. 38 +/- 1 years in low vs. high-LFAT), body mass index (32.2 +/- 0.6 vs. 32.8 +/- 0.5 kg/m(2)), waist-to-hip ratio, intra-abdominal, subcutaneous, and total fat content. RESULTS: Women with high LFAT had features of insulin resistance including higher fasting serum triglyceride (1.93 +/- 0.21 vs. 1.11 +/- 0.09 mM, p < 0.01) and insulin (14 +/- 3 vs. 10 +/- 1 mU/L, p < 0.05) concentrations than women with low LFAT. The group with high LFAT also had higher 24-hour blood pressures, and lower whole-body insulin sensitivity compared with the low-LFAT group. DISCUSSION: In obese women with previous gestational diabetes, LFAT, rather than any measure of body composition, is associated with features of insulin resistance.
Maternal morbidity associated with triplet pregnancy$$$ The objective of this article is to describe maternal morbidity in a large cohort of triplet pregnancies managed by a single Maternal-Fetal Medicine group over a short period of time. Records from all triplet pregnancies managed and delivered from 1992 to 1996 were reviewed for maternal outcome data. Pregnancies delivered prior to 20 weeks were excluded. During the 4-year study period, 55 triplet pregnancies were managed and delivered at this center. The most common maternal complication was preterm labor, which occurred in 42 cases (76%). Preterm premature rupture of membranes occurred in 11 cases (20%). Pregnancy-induced hypertensive complications occurred in 15 cases (27%), which included severe preeclampsia 13 (24%), hemolysis, elevated liver function tests, and low platelets (HELLP) syndrome 5 (9%), and eclampsia 1 (2%). Other maternal antenatal complications included anemia 15 (27%), acute fatty liver of pregnancy 4 (7%), gestational diabetes 4 (7%), supraventricular tachyarrhythmias 2 (4%), dermatoses 2 (4%), urinary tract infection 2 (4%), and acute disc prolapse requiring surgery in 1 case (2%). Postnatal complications occurred in 18 cases (33%), including endometritis 13 (24%), postpartum hemorrhage 5 (9%), pneumonia 2 (4%), urinary tract infection 2 (4%), and diastasis of rectus muscles requiring surgery in 1 (2%). There were no maternal deaths. Antenatal and postnatal maternal complications occur in almost all triplet gestations, suggesting that such pregnancies be managed at centers that have appropriate multidisciplinary expertise available.
