Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus: The liver disease of our age?$$$ Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a chronic liver disease that might affect up to one-third of the adult population in industrialised countries. NAFLD incorporates histologically and clinically different non-alcoholic entities; fatty liver (NAFL, steatosis hepatis) and steatohepatitis (NASH-characterised by hepatocyte ballooning and lobular inflammation +/- fibrosis) might progress to cirrhosis and rarely to hepatocellular cancer. NAFL increasingly affects children (paediatric prevalence is 4.2%-9.6%). Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), insulin resistance (IR), obesity, metabolic syndrome and NAFLD are particularly closely related. Increased hepatic lipid storage is an early abnormality in insulin resistant women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. The accumulation of triacylglycerols in hepatocytes is predominantly derived from the plasma nonesterified fatty acid pool supplied largely by the adipose tissue. A few NAFLD susceptibility gene variants are associated with progressive liver disease, IR, T2DM and a higher risk for hepatocellular carcinoma. Although not approved, pharmacological approaches might be considered in NASH patients. (C) 2014 Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Implications of abnormal liver function in pregnancy and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Elevated liver enzyme levels can sometimes be encountered in asymptomatic pregnant women. Similar to non-pregnant subjects, women with elevated gamma glutamyltransferase or alanine aminotransferase in early pregnancy have increased risk of subsequent complications, especially gestational diabetes mellitus. In non-pregnant subjects, the commonest cause of abnormal liver function currently is non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Risk factors include obesity, diabetes, and the metabolic syndrome. It can progress to hepatocellular carcinoma through the development of steatohepatitis, and has become the leading cause for liver transplantation in women. Found in as many as 16-18% of pregnant women, it is associated with an increased risk of pregnancy complications and abnormal foetal growth, which predisposes the offspring to the same problem subsequently. This condition probably explains the majority of the cases of "idiopathic" abnormal liver function in pregnancy, and should be looked out for in high-risk women owing to its implications on their long-term health outcome. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis is independently associated with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Background and AimA recent study has demonstrated that women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are more likely to develop non-alcoholic fatty liver disease than those without GDM. In contrary to non-alcoholic fatty liver, the association of GDM with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) has still not been well established in the current literature. Therefore, we aim to evaluate the association of a history of GDM and the development of NASH throughout their lives independently of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). MethodsA validated research database of more than 360 hospitals was utilized to construct this study. Adult females included were divided into two groups: those with NASH (case) and individuals without NASH (control). Regression analysis was performed to account for potential cofounders. ResultsThere were 70 632 640 individuals above the age of 18 years screened in the database. In patients with a history of GDM, NASH was most prevalent in middle age people compared with NASH alone, which was more prevalent in people aged 65 years and above. Compared with those without, patients with NASH tend to be Caucasian (odds ratio [OR]: 2.13), obese (OR: 4.83), have a history of GDM (OR: 1.23), diagnosed with hyperlipidemia (OR: 2.59), T2DM (OR: 4.52), metabolic syndrome (OR: 3.07), polycystic ovaries disease (OR: 1.72), and hypothyroidism (OR: 1.59). ConclusionWe demonstrated for the first time an increased odd of developing NASH in women who have had a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus throughout their lives independently of any other factors that could interfere with the results.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in the first trimester and subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Aims/hypothesisAlthough there is substantial evidence that non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with impaired glucose homeostasis, the clinical significance of NAFLD in pregnant women has not been well determined. This study investigates the relationship between NAFLD in the first trimester and the subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).MethodsA multicentre, prospective cohort study was conducted in which singleton pregnant Korean women were assessed for NAFLD at 10-14weeks using liver ultrasound, fatty liver index (FLI) and hepatic steatosis index (HSI). Maternal plasma adiponectin and selenoprotein P concentrations were measured. Participants were screened for GDM using the two-step approach at 24-28weeks.ResultsSix hundred and eight women were included in the final analysis. The prevalence of NAFLD was 18.4% (112/608) and 5.9% (36/608) developed GDM. Participants who developed GDM had a higher prevalence of radiological steatosis (55.6% vs 16.1%; p<0.001) and higher FLI (40.0 vs 10.7; p<0.001) and HSI (35.5 vs 29.0; p<0.001). The risk of developing GDM was significantly increased in participants with NAFLD and was positively correlated with the severity of steatosis. This relationship between NAFLD and GDM remained significant after adjustment for metabolic risk factors, including measures of insulin resistance. Maternal plasma adiponectin and selenoprotein P levels were also correlated with both NAFLD severity and the risk of developing GDM.Conclusions/interpretationNAFLD in early pregnancy is an independent risk factor for GDM. Adiponectin may be a useful biomarker for predicting GDM in pregnant women.
Iron perturbations in human non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): Clinical relevance and molecular mechanisms$$$ Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the hepatic manifestation of the insulin resistance syndrome and thus a frequent cause of elevated liver enzymes. The term "insulin-resistance associated hepatic iron overload syndrome (IR-HIOS)" has been coined to describe the frequent association of hepatic steatosis with increased levels of serum ferritin, normal or slightly elevated transferrin saturation and mild hepatic iron deposition. There is mounting evidence that increased iron stores in insulin resistance are associated with an unfavorable course of the disease and an increased prevalence of associated conditions such as diabetes, hypertension or cardiovascular disease. Iron depletion via phlebotomy has been demonstrated to improve several aspects of the insulin-resistance syndrome. Multiple interactions have been observed between molecules of iron and glucose metabolism. On a molecular level, impaired iron export has been demonstrated to be the principal mechanism of iron accumulation in fatty liver disease. Obesity-related inflammation, low ferroxidase activity associated with low copper bioavailability and decreased expression of the iron export molecule ferroportein have so far been identified as contributors to increased iron accumulation in human NAFLD.
Increased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in European women with a history of gestational diabetes$$$ Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is common in type 2 diabetes but it is unknown whether NAFLD is prevalent in European women at risk of type 2 diabetes. We studied the prevalence of, and risk factors for, NAFLD in European women with previous gestational diabetes (GDM) at high risk of type 2 diabetes. A total of 110 women with previous GDM and 113 without previous GDM, with non-diabetic glucose tolerance were recruited retrospectively from antenatal databases. Participants underwent liver ultrasound scan examination, anthropometry and blood sampling for liver function tests and to determine levels of fasting lipids, NEFA and insulin and glucose concentrations in order to derive insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion indices (HOMA%S and HOMA%B, respectively). There was no significant difference in BMI in women with previous GDM compared with those without previous GDM (28.9 +/- 0.6 vs. 27.9 +/- 0.6 kg/m(2), respectively; p = 0.12). Women with previous GDM had higher fasting and 2 h glucose concentrations following a 75 g OGTT ([mean +/- SEM] fasting glucose 5.3 +/- 0.1 vs. 5.1 +/- 0.1 mmol/l, p = 0.02; 2 h glucose 6.8 +/- 0.2 vs. 5.8 +/- 0.3 mmol/l, p = 0.02), dyslipidaemia (LDL-cholesterol 3.3 +/- 0.1 vs. 2.8 +/- 0.1 mmol/l; HDL-cholesterol [median {interquartile range}] 1.3 [1.2-1.6] vs. 1.8 [1.5-1.9] mmol/l; triacylglycerol 1.3 [0.9-1.6] vs. 1.0 [0.7-1.7] mmol/l, all p a parts per thousand currency signaEuro parts per thousand 0.03), higher insulin secretion and lower insulin sensitivity. NAFLD prevalence was greater in women with previous GDM compared with those without previous GDM: 38% (95% CI 28-47%) vs. 17% (95% CI 10-24%), p = 0.001. In multiple logistic regression analysis, lower insulin sensitivity and raised serum alanine transaminase concentrations were associated with NAFLD. NAFLD is prevalent in European women with previous GDM. Impaired insulin sensitivity and increased liver transaminase activity are closely associated with NAFLD in these women.
Systematic review with meta-analysis: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and the association with pregnancy outcomes$$$ Background/Aims: Maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant patients with Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) have been largely unexplored. To determine the level of evidence associated with maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant women with NAFLD. Methods: We conducted a comprehensive literature search. The studies included pregnant patients with a previous, current or subsequent diagnosis of NAFLD. We used a random-effects model using odds ratios (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: Twenty-two studies, with 13,641 female NAFLD patients were reviewed. The results highlight that NAFLD patients had a statistically significant increased likelihood of baseline diabetes mellitus (OR, 6.00; 95% CI, 2.21-16.31; P<0.001; n=7), baseline Hypertension (OR, 3.75; 95% CI, 2.13-6.59; P<0.001; n=4), gestational hypertension (OR, 1.83; 95% CI, 1.03-3.26; P=0.041; n=2), and pre-eclampsia (OR, 2.43; 95% CI, 1.46-4.04; P=0.001; n=3). The odds for a past and current history of gestational diabetes mellitus were OR, 3.78; 95% CI, 2.21-6.44; P<0.001; n=5 and OR, 3.23; 95% CI, 1.97-5.31; P<0.001; n=6, respectively. As for fetal outcomes, pregnant NAFLD patients were significantly more likely to have a premature birth (OR, 2.02; 95% CI, 1.44-2.85; P<0.001; n=4), large for gestational age birth (OR, 2.01; 95% CI, 1.72-2.37; P<0.001; n=2) or a history of prior miscarriage or abortion (OR, 1.15; 95% CI, 1.02-1.30; P=0.02; n=2). Egger's regression revealed no evidence of publication bias (P>0.05). Conclusions: This meta-analysis provides pooled evidence that NAFLD is associated with a substantial increase in maternal diabetic and hypertensive complications and multiple adverse fetal outcomes. This data is important for clinicians managing these patients before, during and after pregnancy.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes$$$ Background & Aims: The prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is rising in young adults, with potential implications for reproductive-aged women. Whether NAFLD during pregnancy confers more serious risks for maternal or perinatal health is unclear. Methods: Using weighted discharge data from the US national inpatient sample, we evaluated temporal trends of NAFLD in pregnancies after 20 weeks gestation, and compared outcomes to pregnancies with other chronic liver diseases (CLDs) or no CLD. Study outcomes included preterm birth, postpartum hemorrhage, hypertensive complications (pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and/or hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets syndrome), and maternal or fetal death. NAFLD prevalence was estimated by calendar year and temporal trends tested by linear regression. Outcomes were analyzed by logistic regression adjusted for age, race, multiple gestation, and pre-pregnancy diabetes, obesity, dyslipidemia and hypertension. Results: Among 18,574,225 pregnancies, 5,640 had NAFLD and 115,210 had other, non-NAFLD CLD. Pregnancies with NAFLD nearly tripled from 10.5/100,000 pregnancies in 2007 to 28.9/100,000 in 2015 (p<0.001). Compared to the other groups, patients with NAFLD during pregnancy more frequently experienced gestational diabetes (7-8% vs. 23%), hypertensive complications (4% vs. 16%), postpartum hemorrhage (3-5% vs. 6%), and preterm birth (5-7% vs. 9%), all p values <= 0.01. On adjusted analysis, compared to no CLD, NAFLD was associated with hypertensive complications, preterm birth, postpartum hemorrhage and possibly maternal (but not fetal) death. Conclusion: The prevalence of NAFLD in pregnancy has nearly tripled in the last decade and is independently associated with hypertensive complications, postpartum hemorrhage and preterm birth. NAFLD should be considered a high-risk obstetric condition, with clinical implications for pre-conception counseling and pregnancy care. Lay summary: The prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in pregnancy has almost tripled over the past 10 years. Having NAFLD during pregnancy increases risks for both the mother and the baby, including hypertensive complications of pregnancy, bleeding after delivery, and preterm birth. Thus, preconception counseling is warranted with consideration of high-risk obstetric management among women with NAFLD in pregnancy. (C) 2020 European Association for the Study of the Liver. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Is Strongly Associated With Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease$$$ OBJECTIVES: Insulin resistance is central to the development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an early marker of insulin resistance. We hypothesized that a history of GDM would identify women at higher risk of NAFLD in middle age. METHODS: Women from the multicenter Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) cohort study who delivered >= 1 birth, were free of diabetes prior to pregnancy(ies), and underwent CT quantification of hepatic steatosis 25 years following cohort entry (Y25: 2010-2011) were included (n = 1,115). History of GDM by self-report, validated in a subsample by review of antenatal glucose testing, and metabolic risk factors were assessed prospectively. NAFLD was defined by liver attenuation (LA)<= 40 Hounsfield Units on CT scan after exclusion of other causes of hepatic steatosis. RESULTS: Of 1,115 women meeting selection criteria (57% black, 43% white, median age 25 years at baseline), 124 (11%) reported a history of GDM and 75 (7%) met the CT definition for NAFLD at year 25. The crude risk of NAFLD at the 25-year visit was significantly higher in women with GDM compared to those without (14 vs. 5.8%, OR: 2.56, 95% CI: 1.44-4.55, P < 0.01). History of GDM remained associated with NAFLD (OR: 2.29, 95% CI: 1.23-4.27, P = 0.01) after adjustment for covariates in multivariable logistic regression. Addition of incident diabetes mellitus (DM) into the final model attenuated the association between GDM and NAFLD (OR: 1.48, 95% CI: 0.73-3.02, P = 0.28). Conclusion: GDM is a risk marker for NAFLD and represents an opportunity to identify women at risk for NAFLD at a young age and may be mediated by the development of incident DM.
Adverse outcomes of pregnancy in women with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Background & Aims: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is considered the most common liver disease in the world, but little is known about its potential association with pregnancy outcomes. We aimed to investigate pregnancy outcomes in NAFLD. Methods: The Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR) was used to identify births between 1992 and 2011 (N = 1 960 416). By linkage with the National Patient Register, we identified women with a diagnosis of NAFLD. The MBR was then used to identify outcomes: gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, Caesarean section, Apgar score <7 at 5 min, pre-term birth (<37 weeks), low birth weight (<2500 g), infants born small for gestational age and congenital malformations. As controls, we used women with no diagnosis for NAFLD divided into two groups; with and without polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Poisson regression was used to estimate relative risks (RRs) adjusted for maternal age, smoking status and body mass index at early pregnancy, parity and prepregnancy diabetes. Results: We identified 110 pregnancies in women with NAFLD. Using women without a diagnosis of NAFLD or PCOS as controls; NAFLD was associated with gestational diabetes [adjusted RRs 2.78; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.25-6.15], pre-eclampsia (aRR 1.95; 95% CI 1.03-3.70), Caesarean section (aRR 1.52; 95% CI 1.19-1.94), preterm birth (aRR 2.50; 95% CI 1.38-4.55) and with low birth weight (aRR 2.40; 95% CI 1.21-4.78). Conclusion: Women with a diagnosis of NAFLD prior to giving birth have increased risks for adverse pregnancy outcome independently of body mass index and diabetes, and should be carefully monitored during antenatal care.
Iron and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ The mechanisms that promote liver injury in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) are yet to be thoroughly elucidated. As such, effective treatment strategies are lacking and novel therapeutic targets are required. Iron has been widely implicated in the pathogenesis of NAFLD and represents a potential target for treatment. Relationships between serum ferritin concentration and NAFLD are noted in a majority of studies, although serum ferritin is an imprecise measure of iron loading. Numerous mechanisms for a pathogenic role of hepatic iron in NAFLD have been demonstrated in animal and cell culture models. However, the human data linking hepatic iron to liver injury in NAFLD is less clear, with seemingly conflicting evidence, supporting either an effect of iron in hepatocytes or within reticulo-endothelial cells. Adipose tissue has emerged as a key site at which iron may have a pathogenic role in NAFLD. Evidence for this comes indirectly from studies that have evaluated the role of adipose tissue iron with respect to insulin resistance. Adding further complexity, multiple strands of evidence support an effect of NAFLD itself on iron metabolism. In this review, we summarise the human and basic science data that has evaluated the role of iron in NAFLD pathogenesis.
Relationship between non-alcoholic fatty liver disease during pregnancy and abnormal glucose metabolism during and after pregnancy$$$ While non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) in non-pregnant patients, the clinical significance of NAFLD during pregnancy is still unclear. We hypothesized that sonographic findings of NAFLD during pregnancy would be associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and predict abnormal postpartum glucose metabolism. NAFLD was assessed by ultrasound during and after pregnancy. Standard 2-hour 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was used during pregnancy and post partum to establish GDM and the diagnosis of normal, impaired fasting glucose, or DM. We also measured plasma insulin, C peptide, and free fatty acids (FFA) concentration during an OGTT to evaluate glucose tolerance, insulin secretion and insulin resistance. Of the 84 subjects, 12 had sonographic evidence of NAFLD (5 of whom had OGTT post partum). There was a non-significant trend toward higher mean weight and body mass index during and after gestation in the NAFLD group, but no statistically significant differences in mean age, ethnicity, prepregnancy and postpregnancy hemoglobin A1C values, and postpartum levels of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), glucose, insulin, or FFA. We did not find an association between sonographic evidence of NAFLD during the third trimester of pregnancy and abnormal glucose metabolism during or after pregnancy. This study also suggests that while AST and ALT are not reliable diagnostic tools for NAFLD during the postpartum period, ultrasound is a reasonably safe, practical, and cost-effective modality to assess maternal hepatic fat during pregnancy.
Hyperglycaemia, pregnancy outcomes and maternal metabolic disease risk during pregnancy and lactation in a lean gestational diabetes mouse model$$$ Hyperglycaemia in pregnancy (HIP) is a pregnancy complication characterized by mild to moderate hyperglycaemia that negatively impacts short- and long-term health of mother and child. However, relationships between severity and timing of pregnancy hyperglycaemia and postpartum outcomes have not been systemically investigated. We investigated the impact of hyperglycaemia developing during pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus, GDM) or already present pre-mating (pre-gestational diabetes mellitus, PDM) on maternal health and pregnancy outcomes. GDM and PDM were induced in C57BL/6NTac mice by combined 60% high fat diet (HF) and low dose streptozotocin (STZ). Animals were screened for PDM prior to mating, and all underwent an oral glucose tolerance test on gestational day (GD)15. Tissues were collected at GD18 or at postnatal day (PN)15. Among HFSTZ-treated dams, 34% developed PDM and 66% developed GDM, characterized by impaired glucose-induced insulin release and inadequate suppression of endogenous glucose production. No increased adiposity or overt insulin resistance was observed. Furthermore, markers of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) were significantly increased in PDM at GD18 and were positively correlated with basal glucose levels at GD18 in GDM dams. By PN15, NAFLD markers were also increased in GDM dams. Only PDM affected pregnancy outcomes such as litter size. Our findings indicate that GDM and PDM, resulting in disturbances of maternal glucose homeostasis, increase the risk of postpartum NAFLD development, related to the onset and severity of pregnancy hyperglycaemia. These findings signal a need for earlier monitoring of maternal glycaemia and more rigorous follow-up of maternal health after GDM and PDM pregnancy in humans.
Gremlin-1 in pregnancy and postpartum: relation to the fatty liver index, markers of bone health, glucose metabolism and gestational diabetes mellitus status$$$ IntroductionGremlin-1 is a peptide that functions as an antagonist to bone morphogenic proteins and is overexpressed in obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Gremlin-1 has not yet been investigated in pregnancy, pregnancy-related insulin resistance or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).Patients and methodsGremlin-1 levels were measured throughout the pregnancy of 58 women at high risk for GDM at the Medical University of Vienna. Furthermore, an oral glucose tolerance test, fasting insulin, fasting glucose, sex hormones, blood lipids, liver and renal parameters, and markers of bone development were evaluated at two points during pregnancy (< 20 weeks of gestation (GW), GW 24-28) and 12-14 weeks postpartum.ResultsGremlin-1 levels decreased from < 20 GW (mean = 9.2 pg/ml, SD = 8.4 pg/ml) to GW 24-28 (mean = 6.7 pg/ml, SD = 5.7 pg/ml, p = 0.033) and increased again postpartum, albeit not significantly (mean = 10.7 pg/ml, SD = 13.1 pg/ml, p = 0.339). During pregnancy, Gremlin-1 levels correlated negatively with osteocalcin and procollagen type I aminoterminal propeptide (P1NP), markers of bone health. Concerning glucose metabolism, Gremlin-1 levels were inversely related to the Insulinogenic Index at GW < 20. However, Gremlin-1 levels were not significantly different between women with normal glucose tolerance and GDM during pregnancy. Postpartum, Gremlin-1 was associated with the fatty liver index, osteocalcin levels, diastolic blood pressure and weight.ConclusionGremlin-1 levels decreased significantly during pregnancy. The biomarker is not related to GDM status, but correlates negatively with the Insulinogenic Index, an index related to beta cell function.Trial Registry Number ACTRN12616000924459.
Synergistic effect of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and history of gestational diabetes to increase risk of type 2 diabetes$$$ Whether non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) improves risk prediction for subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) is uncertain. We examined the combined effects of NAFLD and pGDM on risk prediction for incident T2DM. This retrospective cohort study included 97,347 Korean parous women without diabetes mellitus at baseline whose mean (SD) age was 39.0 (7.8) years. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) for incident T2DM according to self-reported pGDM and ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD at baseline. When combined with conventional diabetes risk factors, the incremental predictive ability of NAFLD and pGDM to identify incident T2DM was assessed. During a median follow-up of 3.9 years, 1,515 cases of incident T2DM occurred. Multivariable-adjusted HRs (95% confidence intervals [CIs]) for incident T2DM comparing pGDM alone, NAFLD alone, and both NAFLD and pGDM to the reference (neither NAFLD nor pGDM) were 2.61 (2.06-3.31), 2.26 (1.96-2.59), and 6.45 (5.19-8.00), respectively (relative excess risk of interaction = 2.58 [95% CI, 1.21-3.95]). These associations were maintained after adjusting for insulin resistance, body mass index, and other potential confounders as time-dependent covariates. The combination of NAFLD and pGDM improved risk prediction for incident T2DM (based on Harrell's C-index, also known as the concordance index, and net reclassification improvement) compared to conventional diabetes risk factors. In conclusion, NAFLD synergistically increases the risk of subsequent T2DM in women with pGDM. The combination of NAFLD and pGDM improves risk prediction for T2DM.
A novel cause for abnormal liver function tests in pregnancy and the puerperium: non-alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the commonest liver disease in the western world, but has never been reported in pregnancy before. We suggest that NAFLD should also be considered as a cause for abnormal liver function tests during pregnancy. As NAFLD is driven by insulin resistance, it is biologically plausible that pregnancy may reveal previously subclinical disease. Obstetricians have a vital role in optimising maternal health during and after pregnancy and therefore we need to include NAFLD in the differential diagnosis for abnormal liver function tests and recommend lifestyle modifications that may prevent progression to cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma.
Maternal western diet primes non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in adult mouse offspring$$$ AimMetabolic programming via components of the maternal diet during gestation may play a role in the development of different aspects of the metabolic syndrome. Using a mouse model, we aimed to characterize the role of maternal western-type diet in the development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in the offspring. MethodsFemale mice were fed either a western (W) or low-fat control (L) semisynthetic diet before and during gestation and lactation. At weaning, male offspring were assigned either the W or the L diet, generating four experimental groups: WW, WL, LW and LL offspring. Biochemical, histological and epigenetic indicators were investigated at 29weeks of age. ResultsMale offspring exposed to prenatal and post-weaning western-style diet (WW) showed hepatomegaly combined with accumulation of hepatic cholesterol and triglycerides. This accumulation was associated with up-regulation of de novo lipid synthesis, inflammation and dysregulation of lipid storage. Elevated hepatic transaminases and increased expression of Tnfa, Cd11, Mcp1 and Tgfb underpin the severity of liver injury. Histopathological analysis revealed the presence of advanced steatohepatitis in WW offspring. In addition, alterations in DNA methylation in key metabolic genes (Ppara, Insig, and Fasn) were detected. ConclusionMaternal dietary fat intake during early development programmes susceptibility to liver disease in male offspring, mediated by disturbances in lipid metabolism and inflammatory response. Long-lasting epigenetic changes may underlie this dysregulation.
Prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and factors associated with it in Indian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Aims/Introduction This study aims to evaluate the prevalence of and factors associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in Indian women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) diagnosed using International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria. Materials and Methods This cross-sectional study (2018-2019) enrolled women with and without prior GDM. Study participants underwent detailed assessments, including relevant medical, obstetric and demographic details; 75-g oral glucose tolerance test with glucose and insulin estimation at 0, 30 and 120 min; and other relevant biochemical and anthropometric measurements. NAFLD status was defined by ultrasonography. Results We evaluated a total of 309 women (201 and 108 with and without prior GDM, respectively) at a mean age of 31.9 +/- 5.0 years and median of 16 months (interquartile range 9-38 months) following the index delivery. The prevalence of NAFLD was significantly higher in women with prior GDM (62.7% vs 50.0%, P = 0.038; grade 2 and 3 disease, 13.9% vs 6.5%). On logistic regression analysis (fully adjusted model), the odds of NAFLD were 2.11-fold higher in women with prior GDM (95% confidence interval 1.16-3.85, P = 0.014). Overweight/obesity, metabolic syndrome, prediabetes and homeostasis model of assessment of insulin resistance (a measure of insulin resistance) were positively associated with NAFLD, whereas the Matsuda index (a measure of insulin sensitivity) showed a negative association with NAFLD. Conclusions The prevalence of NAFLD is high in women with prior GDM. Such women also have a high burden of cardiometabolic risk factors. Future studies should evaluate the intermediate and long-term hepatic and cardiovascular risk, and the impact of lifestyle interventions in reducing morbidity in such women.
Adiponectin deficiency induces hepatic steatosis during pregnancy and gestational diabetes in mice$$$ Aims/hypothesis Obesity and hepatic steatosis are risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a common complication of pregnancy. Adiponectin is a fat-derived hormone that improves hepatic steatosis and insulin sensitivity. Low levels of circulating adiponectin are associated with GDM development. We hypothesised that adiponectin deficiency causes fatty liver during pregnancy, contributing to the development of GDM. Methods To determine the role of adiponectin in fatty liver development during pregnancy, we compared pregnant (third week of pregnancy) adiponectin knockout (KO) mice (strain B6;129-Adipoq(tm1Chan)/J) with wild-type mice and assessed several variables of hepatic lipid metabolism and glucose homeostasis. The impact of adiponectin supplementation was measured by administering adenovirus-mediated full-length adiponectin at the end of the second week of pregnancy and comparing with green fluorescent protein control. Results In the third week of pregnancy, fasted pregnant adiponectin KO mice were hyperglycaemic on a low-fat diet (9.2 mmol/l vs 7.7 mmol/l in controls, p<0.05) and were glucose and pyruvate intolerant relative to wild-type mice. Pregnant adiponectin KO mice developed hepatic steatosis and a threefold elevation in hepatic triacylglycerols (p<0.05) relative to wild-type mice. Gestational weight gain and food consumption were similar in KO and wild-type mice. Adenoviral-mediated adiponectin supplementation to pregnant adiponectin KO mice improved glucose tolerance, prevented fasting hyperglycaemia and attenuated fatty liver development. Conclusions/interpretation Adiponectin deficiency increased hepatic lipid accumulation during the period of pregnancy associated with increased fat utilisation. Consequently, adiponectin deficiency contributed to glucose intolerance, dysregulated gluconeogenesis and hyperglycaemia, all of which are characteristic of GDM. Increasing adiponectin in the last week of pregnancy alleviated hepatic steatosis and restored normal glucose homeostasis during pregnancy.
Prevalence, Metabolic Profile, and Associated Risk Factors of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in an Adult Population of India$$$ IntroductionNon-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the main cause of chronic liver disease worldwide. NAFLD refers to a group of diseases that includes simple steatosis, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, cirrhosis, and hepatocellular carcinoma. Unfortunately, there aren't many studies on NAFLD conducted in India. The majority of research involved specific populations, such as diabetics, pregnant women with gestational diabetes, and obese or non-obese people. When the current study was being planned, there were few population-based studies available. In almost all of the research, ultrasound was employed to identify NAFLD, and the whole spectrum of NAFLD was not assessed. The full spectrum of NAFLD in India must have been considered, including all stages of steatosis as well as hepatic damage as shown by high alanine aminotransferase levels and fibrosis. The purpose of this study was to determine the prevalence, spectrum, and metabolic determinants of NAFLD as assessed by FibroScan (R) (FibroScan (R) expert 630 machine; Echosens, Paris, France) in adults of Central India.MethodsThis cross-sectional study was conducted among 236 adults aged 18 years and above in three localities of Bhopal, India from March 2022 to October 2022. The study included males and females who provided informed consent and fulfilled inclusion criteria. One research assistant and one staff nurse solicited people to participate in the FibroScan (R) test during the community screening and shared information about the programme. All participants were subjected to the FibroScan (R) test.ResultsA total of 322 healthy adults were approached for possible inclusion in the study. Data from 236 subjects were available for analysis after meeting the inclusion and exclusion criteria. According to this study, 43.6% of the study population had NAFLD as detected by FibroScan (R). Out of the total, 12.7% of subjects had steatosis grade 1 (S1), 12.3% of subjects had steatosis grade 2 (S2), and 18.6% of subjects had steatosis grade 3 (S3). High body weight, high waist circumference, high waist-to-hip ratio, high fasting sugar, high serum glutamate pyruvate transaminase (SGPT), high triglyceride levels and high very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels were significantly associated with NAFLD.ConclusionIn conclusion, 43.6% of the adult population of Bhopal, India is suffering from NAFLD. NAFLD is a severe burden in the Indian community despite being historically associated with the western world. Obesity, diabetes and dyslipidemia are significantly associated with NAFLD.
Maternal One-Carbon Supplement Reduced the Risk of Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Male Offspring$$$ Recent studies have suggested that prevention of obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) should start with maternal dietary management. We previously reported disrupted methionine cycle, associated with NAFLD, in male offspring liver due to maternal high-fat (HF) diet, thus we hypothesize that maternal one-carbon supplement may reduce the risk of NAFLD in offspring via the normalizing methionine cycle. To test it, female mice (F0) were exposed to either a maternal normal-fat diet (NF group) a maternal HF diet (HF group), or a maternal methyl donor supplement (H1S or H2S group) during gestation and lactation. The offspring male mice (F1) were exposed to a postweaning HF diet to promote NAFLD. While the HF offspring displayed obesity, glucose intolerance and hepatic steatosis, the H1S and H2S offspring avoided hepatic steatosis. This phenotype was associated with the normalization of the methionine cycle and the restoration of L-carnitine and AMPK activity. Furthermore, maternal HF diet induced epigenetic regulation of important genes involved in fatty acid oxidation and oxidative phosphorylation via DNA methylation modifications, which were recovered by maternal one-carbon supplementation. Our study provides evidence that maternal one-carbon supplement can reverse/block the adverse effects of maternal HF diet on promoting offspring NAFLD, suggesting a potential nutritional strategy that is administered to mothers to prevent NAFLD in the offspring.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): a significant predictor of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and early pregnancy miscarriages-prospective study in Rajarata Pregnancy Cohort (RaPCo)$$$ Background and aims Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is increasing globally with a mounting body of evidence on various adverse effects on pregnancy. Yet, prospective studies, especially from low-income and middle-income countries, are lacking in examining the impact of NAFLD in pregnancy. In this study, we explored the effect of NAFLD on the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and early pregnancy miscarriages. Methods A population-based prospective cohort study was conducted among first-trimester pregnant women who registered in the national pregnancy care programme during July-September 2019 in Anuradhapura district, Sri Lanka. Baseline clinical-biochemical parameters and ultrasound scan (USS) of the liver were done to assess fatty liver. Those who were normoglycaemic based on WHO criteria were followed up, and a repeat oral glucose tolerance test was performed between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation. Results Of the 632 pregnant women studied, 90 (14%) and 234 (37%) were diagnosed as having fatty liver grade (FLG) II and I, respectively. The cumulative incidence of GDM in FLG 0, I, and II were 11, 44, and 162 per 1000 pregnancies, respectively. After adjusting for age and other known risk factors, women with FLG II had a relative risk (RR) of 12.5 (95% CI 2.2 to 66.4) for developing GDM compared with FLG 0. In addition, women with FLG I (RR 2.1, 95% CI 1.01 to 4.64) and FLG II (RR 4.5, 95% CI 2.1 to 9.9) were significant risk factors for early pregnancy miscarriages, and FLG II remained as the only independent predictor of miscarriages after adjusting for age, parity, body mass index, blood sugar, blood pressure, and haemoglobin level (adjusted OR 4.2 (95% CI 1.9 to 9.1)). Conclusion In this rural south Asian community, NAFLD is shown to be a major risk factor for GDM and early pregnancy miscarriages. Therefore, routine identification of NAFLD through a simple USS may help in the early identification of high-risk mothers.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and gestational diabetes mellitus: a bidirectional two-sample mendelian randomization study$$$ PurposePrevious observational studies have revealed a potential link between non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), but their causal relationship remains unclear. Thus, this study aimed to examine whether a causal link exists between genetically determined NAFLD and GDM.MethodsUtilizing publicly accessible genome-wide association studies (GWAS), a two-sample bidirectional Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was conducted. The GWASs data pertaining to NAFLD and GDM were obtained from the UK Biobank Consortium and FinnGen database in primary analysis, respectively. The random-effects inverse variance weighted (IVW) method was utilized as primary analysis method. Several sensitivity analyses were utilized to verify the robustness of the results. Additionally, we also analyzed the causal effect of potential shared influencing factors on these two conditions.ResultsThe result of the IVW method showed that there was no significant causal relationship between genetically determined NAFLD and GDM (OR = 0.98, 95% CI: 0.90-1.07, P = 0.691). Similarly, our reverse MR analysis failed to detect a significant causal effect of GDM on NAFLD (OR = 1.14, 95% CI: 0.97-1.36, P = 0.118). Sensitivity analyses further confirmed the robustness of the results. Moreover, we found that genetically determined body mass index, waist-to-hip ratio, triglycerides, and television viewing time may be positively correlated with NAFLD and GDM, while high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I may both be negatively correlated with NAFLD and GDM.ConclusionsThe current bidirectional MR study failed to provide sufficient genetic evidence for the causal relationship between NAFLD and GDM.
Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease and pregnancy complications: new challenges and clinical perspectives$$$ The term metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), with a global prevalence estimated at 38.77%, has gradually replaced the traditional concept of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Compared to the general population, the incidence of MAFLD is notably higher among pregnant women, posing potential risks to both maternal and neonatal health. This review summarizes the latest research on MAFLD, focusing on its association with pregnancy complications. Additionally, it provides a comparative analysis with previous studies on NAFLD, presenting a comprehensive perspective for clinical management. Findings suggest that pregnant women with MAFLD face a higher risk of gestational hypertension and cesarean delivery compared to those with NAFLD, while the risk for gestational diabetes mellitus remains similar between the two conditions. Additionally, MAFLD is associated with an increased likelihood of delivering large-for-gestational-age infants and heightened risks of preterm birth and low birth weight. Current treatment strategies for MAFLD focus on lifestyle modifications, such as dietary adjustments and increased physical activity. However, there is an urgent need for the development of safe and effective pharmacological treatments, particularly tailored toward pregnant women. Future research should delve deeper into the causal relationships between MAFLD and pregnancy complications and explore optimal therapeutic approaches to improve outcomes for mothers and their infants. Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease and pregnancy complicationsMetabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is a new term for what used to be called non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, affecting nearly two-fifths of people worldwide. It's especially concerning for pregnant women, as it can cause serious problems for both the mother and the baby. This summary looks at the latest studies on how MAFLD affects pregnant women and how it compares to the older diagnosis of NAFLD. The findings show that pregnant women with MAFLD are more likely to have high blood pressure during pregnancy and need a cesarean section. However, the chance of getting gestational diabetes is about the same for both MAFLD and NAFLD. MAFLD also increases the risk of having a baby that is too large for its gestational age, as well as the risks of preterm birth and low birth weight. Right now, the main way to treat MAFLD is through healthy lifestyle changes like diet and exercise. But there's a big need for new medicines that are safe for pregnant women. Future studies should look more into how MAFLD causes complications during pregnancy and find the best ways to treat it to help mothers and their babies.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and development of intergenerational non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) after delivery: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background It is known that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-complicated pregnancies could affect maternal cardiometabolic health after delivery, resulting in hepatic dysfunction and a heightened risk of developing nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Hence, this study aims to summarise existing literature on the impact of GDM on NAFLD in mothers and investigate the intergenerational impact on NAFLD in offspring. Methods Using 4 databases (PubMed, Embase, Web of Science and Scopus) between January 1980 and December 2023, randomized controlled trials and observational studies that assessed the effect of maternal GDM on intergenerational liver outcomes were extracted and analysed using random -effects meta -analysis to investigate the effect of GDM on NAFLD in mothers and offspring. Pooled odds ratio (OR) was calculated using hazards ratio (HR), relative risk (RR), or OR reported from each study, with corresponding 95% con fi dence intervals (CI), and statistical heterogeneity was assessed with the Cochran Q -test and I 2 statistic, with two-sided p values. The study protocol was pre -registered on PROSPERO (CRD42023392428). Findings Twenty studies pertaining to mothers and offspring met the inclusion criteria and 12 papers were included further for meta -analysis on intergenerational NAFLD development. Compared with mothers without a history of GDM, mothers with a history of GDM had a 50% increased risk of developing NAFLD (OR 1.50; 95% CI: 1.21 - 1.87, over a follow-up period of 16 months - 25 years. Similarly, compared with offspring born to non-GDMcomplicated pregnancies, offspring born to GDM-complicated pregnancies displayed an approximately two -fold elevated risk of NAFLD development (2.14; 1.57 - 2.92), over a follow-up period of 1 - 17.8 years. Interpretation This systematic review and meta -analysis suggests that both mothers and offspring from GDMcomplicated pregnancies exhibit a greater risk to develop NAFLD. These fi ndings underline the importance of early monitoring of liver function and prompt intervention of NAFLD in both generations from GDM-complicated pregnancies.
Early life programming of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in children$$$ Background: Research is beginning to implicate early life characteristics in the development of pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, however the relationship with perinatal characteristics is poorly understood. Aims: We evaluated the association between perinatal characteristics and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in childhood. Study design: Nested case-control study. Subjects: 5104 children born in Quebec, Canada between 2006 and 2019. Exposures included maternal diabetes, obesity, prematurity, and other birth complications. Outcome measures: The outcome was nonalcoholic fatty liver disease diagnosed in hospital before 14 years of age. We calculated adjusted odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the association between birth characteristics and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Results: A total of 104 children with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease were included. Gestational diabetes (OR 2.17, 95% CI 1.15-4.10), preexisting diabetes (OR 5.75, 95% CI 2.67-12.4), and maternal obesity (OR 3.06, 95% CI 1.71-5.45) were associated with childhood nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Prematurity (OR 1.93, 95% CI 1.06-3.54) and neonatal intensive care unit admission (OR 2.18, 95% CI 1.10-4.33) were also associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. However, there was no association with low birthweight, small-for-gestational age birth, and macrosomia. Conclusions: Maternal metabolic disorders and prematurity may initiate processes early in life that lead to the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in childhood.
Implementing care for women with gestational diabetes after delivery-the challenges ahead$$$ Gestational diabetes (GDM), defined as glucose intolerance during pregnancy, affects one in six pregnancies globally and significantly increases a woman's lifetime risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Being a relatively young group, women with GDM are also at higher risk of developing diabetes related complications (e.g., cardiovascular disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease) later in life. Children of women with GDM are also likely to develop GDM and this perpetuates a cycle of diabetes, escalating our current pandemic of metabolic disease. The global prevalence of GDM has now risen by more than 30% over the last two decades, making it an emerging public health concern. Antepartum management of maternal glucose is unable to fully mitigate the associated lifetime cardiometabolic risk. Thus, efforts may need to focus on improving care for women with GDM during the postpartum period where prevention or therapeutic strategies could be implemented to attenuate progression of GDM to DM and its associated vascular complications. However, strategies to provide care for women in the postpartum period often showed disappointing results. This has led to a missed opportunity to halt the progression of impaired glucose tolerance/impaired fasting glucose to DM in women with GDM. In this review, we examined the challenges in the management of women with GDM after delivery and considered how each of these challenges are defined and could present as a gap in translating evidence to clinical care. We highlighted challenges related to postpartum surveillance, postpartum glucose testing strategies, postpartum risk factor modification, and problems encountered in engagement of patients/providers to implement interventions strategies in women with GDM after delivery. We reasoned that a multisystem approach is needed to address these challenges and to retard progression to DM and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women with GDM pregnancies. This is very much needed to pave way for an improved, precise, culturally sensitive and wholistic care for women with GDM.
Maternal polyunsaturated fatty acid concentrations during pregnancy and childhood liver fat accumulation$$$ Background & aims: Maternal polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) concentrations in pregnancy are essential for fetal lipid metabolism and adipocyte differentiation. Whether suboptimal maternal gestational PUFA concentrations adversely affect offspring liver fat development is unknown. We aimed to examine the associations of maternal n-3 and n-6 PUFA concentrations in pregnancy with childhood liver fat accumulation. Methods: In a population-based prospective cohort study among 2424 mother-child pairs, we measured maternal total and individual n-3 and n-6 PUFA plasma concentrations at mean gestational age of 20.6 +/- 1.1 weeks. Childhood liver fat fraction was obtained by MRI at 10 years. Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease was a liver fat fraction >5.0%. Results: We observed that 1-Standard deviation (SD) higher maternal n-3 PUFA concentrations, especially DHA, was associated with a lower childhood liver fat fraction [-0.07 SD-score (95% CI-0.11 to-0.02, p-value = 0.001) for both total n-3 PUFA and DHA concentrations]. Of n-6 PUFAs, 1-SD higher maternal dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid concentrations was associated with a higher childhood liver fat fraction [0.06 SD-score (95% CI 0.02-0.10, p-value = 0.004)]. Associations were not explained by maternal or childhood socio-demographic and lifestyle characteristics. Associations were stronger among boys and less consistent among girls. Among boys, higher maternal total n-3 PUFA concentrations were associated with a lower risk of childhood non-alcohol fatty liver disease [odds ratio 0.42 (95% CI 0.25-0.70, p-value = 0.001)]. Conclusions: Maternal lower n-3 PUFA and higher n-6 PUFA concentrations in pregnancy are associated with offspring liver fat accumulation in childhood. Optimizing maternal PUFA concentrations during pregnancy may be a target for preventing liver fat accumulation in their offspring. (c) 2022 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Prospective study of gestational diabetes and fatty liver scores 9 to 16years after pregnancy??????????9-16????????????$$$ BackgroundWomen with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may be at an increased risk of liver complications because chronic hyperglycemia is a risk factor for liver fat accumulation and potential liver dysfunction. Large prospective studies examining liver fat accumulation following a GDM pregnancy are lacking. MethodsThe Diabetes & Women's Health Study (2012-2014) examined the association between GDM and subsequent fatty liver scores among 607 women with and 619 women without GDM in the Danish National Birth Cohort. Nine to 16years postpartum, a clinical examination was performed, with measurement of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), and gamma -glutamyl transferase, from which fatty liver scoring indices were calculated to assess liver fat score, fatty liver index, hepatic steatosis index, and liver fat percentage. Relative risks (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) for elevated liver scoring indices by GDM status were assessed adjusting for major risk factors, including prepregnancy body mass index. ResultsWomen with prior GDM had higher adjusted ALT and AST levels than women without GDM (by 6.7% [95% CI 1.7-12.0] and 4.8% [95% CI 0.6-9.1], respectively). Women with GDM also had adjusted increased risks for elevated liver fat score (RR 2.34; 95% CI 1.68-3.27), fatty liver index (RR 1.59; 95% CI 1.27-1.99), and hepatic steatosis index (RR 1.44; 95% CI 1.21-1.71). ConclusionsWomen with GDM during pregnancy were at an increased risk for fatty liver 9 to 16years postpartum. Gestational diabetes mellitus may serve as another risk indicator for the early identification and prevention of liver fat accumulation. ?? ????????(gestational diabetes mellitus,GDM)????????????????,????????????????????????????????GDM???????????????????? ????????????(The Diabetes & Women's Health Study, 2012-2014)??????????,?607???GDM????619??GDM??????GDM??????????????????9-16???????,??????????(alanine aminotransferase,ALT)??????????(aspartate aminotransferase,AST)?gamma-??????,???????????,?????????????????????????????????????????(?????????)?,??GDM???????????????????(relative risk,RR)??95%????(confidence interval,CI)? ?????GDM??????ALT?AST??????GDM???(????6.7%[95% CI: 1.7-12.0]?4.8%[95% CI: 0.6-9.1])?GDM????????????(RR 2.34;95% CI: 1.68-3.27)??????(RR 1.59;95% CI: 1.27-1.99)?????????(RR 1.44;95% CI: 1.21-1.71)????????? ???????GDM??????9-16????????????GDM?????????????????????????
Pregnancy and Metabolic-associated Fatty Liver Disease: A Clinical Update$$$ The intricate relationship between metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) and maternal complications has rapidly become a significant health threat in pregnant women. The presence of MAFLD in pregnancy increases the maternal risk of metabolic complications and comorbidities for both mother and baby. The preexistence or development of MAFLD in pregnancy is a complex multifactorial disorder that can lead to further complications for mother and baby. Therefore, as pregnant women are severely underrepresented in clinical research, there is a great need for a fair inclusion of this group in clinical trials. This review aims to explore the effects of MAFLD during pregnancy in the context of maternal complications and outcomes and explore the effects of pregnancy on the development and progression of MAFLD within the context of maternal obesity, altered metabolic profiles, gestational diabetes and altered hormonal profiles. We also addressed potential implications for the presence of MAFLD during pregnancy and its management in the clinical setting.
Maternal obesity during pregnancy and lactation programs the development of offspring non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice$$$ Background & Aims: Obesity induced, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), is now the major cause in affluent countries, of the spectrum of steatosis-to-cirrhosis. Obesity and NAFLD rates in reproductive age women, and adolescents, are rising worldwide. Our hypothesis was that maternal obesity and lactation transmit to the offspring a pre-disposition to dysmetabolism, obesity and NAFLD. Methods: Female mice were fed standard or obesogenic chow, before, throughout pregnancy, and during lactation. The critical developmental period was studied by cross-fostering offspring of lean and obese dams. Offspring were then weaned onto standard chow and studied at 3 months. Read-outs included markers of metabolic dysfunction, biochemical and histological indicators of NAFLD, induction of liver fibrogenesis, and activation of profibrotic pathways. Mechanisms involved in programming a dysmetabolic and NAFLD phenotype were investigated by assaying breast milk components. Results: Offspring of obese dams had a dysmetabolic, insulin resistant and NAFLD phenotype compared to offspring of lean dams. Offspring of lean dams that were suckled by obese dams showed an exaggerated dysmetabolic and NAFLD phenotype, with increased body weight, as well as increased levels of insulin, leptin, aspartate transaminase, interleukin-6, tumour necrosis factor-a, liver triglycerides, steatosis, hepatic fibrogenesis, renal norepinephrine, and liver alpha 1-D plus beta 1-adrenoceptors, indicative of sympathetic nervous system activation. Obese dams also had raised breast milk leptin levels compared to lean dams. Conclusions: Maternal obesity programs development of a dysmetabolic and NAFLD phenotype, which is critically dependent on the early postnatal period and possibly involving alteration of hypothalamic appetite nuclei signalling by maternal breast milk and neonatal adipose tissue derived, leptin. (c) 2010 European Association for the Study of the Liver. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A Slow-Digesting Carbohydrate Diet during Rat Pregnancy Protects Offspring from Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Risk through the Modulation of the Carbohydrate-Response Element and Sterol Regulatory Element Binding Proteins$$$ High-fat (HF) and rapid digestive (RD) carbohydrate diets during pregnancy promote excessive adipogenesis in offspring. This effect can be corrected by diets with similar glycemic loads, but low rates of carbohydrate digestion. However, the effects of these diets on metabolic programming in the livers of offspring, and the liver metabolism contributions to adipogenesis, remain to be addressed. In this study, pregnant insulin-resistant rats were fed high-fat diets with similar glycemic loads but different rates of carbohydrate digestion, High Fat-Rapid Digestive (HF-RD) diet or High Fat-Slow Digestive (HF-SD) diet. Offspring were fed a standard diet for 10 weeks, and the impact of these diets on the metabolic and signaling pathways involved in liver fat synthesis and storage of offspring were analyzed, including liver lipidomics, glycogen and carbohydrate and lipid metabolism key enzymes and signaling pathways. Livers from animals whose mothers were fed an HF-RD diet showed higher saturated triacylglycerol deposits with lower carbon numbers and double bond contents compared with the HF-SD group. Moreover, the HF-RD group exhibited enhanced glucose transporter 2, pyruvate kinase (PK), acetyl coenzyme A carboxylase (ACC) and fatty acid (FA) synthase expression, and a decrease in pyruvate carboxylase (PyC) expression leading to an altered liver lipid profile. These parameters were normalized in the HF-SD group. The changes in lipogenic enzyme expression were parallel to changes in AktPKB phosphorylation status and nuclear expression in carbohydrate-response element and sterol regulatory element binding proteins. In conclusion, an HF-RD diet during pregnancy translates to changes in liver signaling and metabolic pathways in offspring, enhancing liver lipid storage and synthesis, and therefore non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) risk. These changes can be corrected by feeding an HF-SD diet during pregnancy.
Metabolic Dysfunction-Associated Fatty Liver Disease and Subsequent Development of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: Recently, metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), rather than nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), was proposed to better describe liver disease associated with metabolic dysfunction (MD). In this study, we attempted to investigate the impact of MAFLD on pregnancy complications. METHODS: The current study is a secondary analysis of a multicenter prospective cohort designed to examine the risk of NAFLD during pregnancy. In the first trimester, enrolled pregnant women were evaluated for hepatic steatosis by liver ultrasonography, and blood samples were collected for biochemical measurements. The study population was divided into 3 groups: no NAFLD, hepatic steatosis but without metabolic dysfunction (non-MD NAFLD), and MAFLD. The primary outcome was the subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and fetal growth abnormalities. RESULTS: The study population consisted of 1744 pregnant women, including 1523 with no NAFLD, 43 with non-MD NAFLD, and 178 with MAFLD. The risk of subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in MAFLD than in non-MD NAFLD (adjusted odds ratio, 4.03; 95% CI, 1.68-9.67), whereas the risk was not significantly different between no NAFLD and non-MD NAFLD. Among women with no NAFLD, the presence of MD increased the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. However, women with MAFLD were at higher risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes than women with no NAFLD without MD or those with no NAFLD with MD. CONCLUSIONS: In pregnant women, MAFLD may be associated with an increased risk of subsequent adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Adipose Tissue Insulin Resistance in South Asian and Nordic Women after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus$$$ South Asians (SAs) have a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) than white Europeans, especially following gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Despite similar blood glucose levels post-GDM, SAs exhibit more insulin resistance (IR) than Nordics, though the underlying mechanisms are unclear. This study aimed to assess markers of adipose tissue (AT) IR and liver fat in SA and Nordic women post-GDM. A total of 179 SA and 108 Nordic women in Norway underwent oral glucose tolerance tests 1-3 years post-GDM. We measured metabolic markers and calculated the AT IR index and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease liver fat (NAFLD-LFS) scores. Results showed that normoglycaemic SAs had less non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) suppression during the test, resembling prediabetes/T2D responses, and higher levels of plasma fetuin-A, CRP, and IL-6 but lower adiponectin, indicating AT inflammation. Furthermore, normoglycaemic SAs had higher NAFLD-LFS scores, lower insulin clearance, and higher peripheral insulin than Nordics, indicating increased AT IR, inflammation, and liver fat in SAs. Higher liver fat markers significantly contributed to the ethnic disparities in glucose metabolism, suggesting a key area for intervention to reduce T2D risk post-GDM in SAs.
Maternal obesity and metabolic (dysfunction) associated fatty liver disease in pregnancy: a comprehensive narrative review$$$ IntroductionObesity and metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) during pregnancy constitute significant problems for routine antenatal care, with increasing prevalence globally. Similar to obesity, MAFLD is associated with a higher risk for maternal complications (e.g. pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes) and long-term adverse health outcomes for the offspring. However, MAFLD during pregnancy is often under-recognized, with limited management/treatment options.Areas coveredPubMed/MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Scopus were searched based on a search strategy for obesity and/or MAFLD in pregnancy to identify relevant papers up to 2024. This review summarizes the pertinent evidence on the relationship between maternal obesity and MAFLD during pregnancy. Key mechanisms implicated in the underlying pathophysiology linking obesity and MAFLD during pregnancy (e.g. insulin resistance and dysregulated adipokine secretion) are highlighted. Moreover, a diagnostic approach for MAFLD diagnosis during pregnancy and its complications are presented. Finally, promising relevant areas for future research are covered.Expert opinionResearch progress regarding maternal obesity, MAFLD, and their impact on maternal and fetal/offspring health is expected to improve the relevant diagnostic methods and lead to novel treatments. Thus, routine practice could apply more personalized management strategies, incorporating individualized algorithms with genetic and/or multi-biomarker profiling to guide prevention, early diagnosis, and treatment.
The role of lipid dysregulation in gestational diabetes mellitus: Early prediction and postpartum prognosis$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pathological condition during pregnancy characterized by impaired glucose tolerance, and the failure of pancreatic beta-cells to respond appropriately to an increased insulin demand. However, while the majority of women with GDM will return to normoglycemia after delivery, they have up to a seven times higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes during midlife, compared with those with no history of GDM. Gestational diabetes mellitus also increases the risk of multiple metabolic disorders, including non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases. Lipid metabolism undergoes significant changes throughout the gestational period, and lipid dysregulation is strongly associated with GDM and the progression to future type 2 diabetes. In addition to common lipid variables, discovery-based omics techniques, such as metabolomics and lipidomics, have identified lipid biomarkers that correlate with GDM. These lipid species also show considerable potential in predicting the onset of GDM and subsequent type 2 diabetes post-delivery. This review aims to update the current knowledge of the role that lipids play in the onset of GDM, with a focus on potential lipid biomarkers or metabolic pathways. These biomarkers may be useful in establishing predictive models to accurately predict the future onset of GDM and type 2 diabetes, and early intervention may help to reduce the complications associated with GDM. Lipid dysregulation exhibits a robust association with gestational diabetes (GDM), and the identification of lipid biomarkers has enabled their application in the early prediction of both GDM and the subsequent onset of type 2 diabetes following delivery.image
Bone mass, microarchitecture and turnover among young Indian women with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Purpose To evaluate comprehensive bone health among young Indian women, including bone mass, microarchitecture, and turnover, in relation to their non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) status. Methods This cross-sectional study (May 2018-November 2019) recruited women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and normoglycemia in their index pregnancy, who were at least 6 months postpartum. All participants underwent abdominal ultrasonography for determination of NAFLD status (grades 2 and 3: severe NAFLD) and transient elastography (FibroScan) for hepatic fibrosis (LSM >6 kPa). Bone mass was assessed by DXA, bone microarchitecture with trabecular bone score {TBS} (low TBS <= 1.310) and bone turnover with markers of bone formation (osteocalcin and P1NP), and resorption (CTX). Results Bone mineral density (BMD) at femoral neck (p = 0.026) and total hip (p = 0.007) was significantly higher among women with NAFLD (n = 170) compared to those without (n = 124). There was no significant difference in bone turnover markers between the two groups. The presence of NAFLD [adjusted OR: 1.82 (1.07, 3.11)] was associated with low TBS, with a greater strength of association among women with severe NAFLD [adjusted OR: 2.97 (1.12, 7.88)]. However, these associations were attenuated and no longer significant after additionally adjusting for BMI. Women with NAFLD and hepatic fibrosis manifested significantly higher BMD at lumbar spine, femoral neck, and total hip (p < 0.001 for all) and significantly lower bone turnover markers (osteocalcin, p = 0.009 and CTX, p = 0.029), however, the association with low TBS was not observed. Conclusion Among young Indian women, NAFLD is associated with increased bone mass and impaired bone microarchitecture, and hepatic fibrosis with increased bone mass and reduced bone turnover.
Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease as a risk factor for adverse outcomes in subsequent pregnancy: a nationwide cohort study$$$ Background and purpose A recent international expert consensus opinion suggested that metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) replaces nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), since MAFLD is a better predictor of cardiovascular disease. We estimated the prevalence of FLD in fertile females and evaluated the clinical impact of either NAFLD or MAFLD on maternal and fetal outcomes during subsequent pregnancy. Methods The study population included fertile females who underwent health examinations and became pregnant within 1 year of health examination. Hepatic steatosis was defined as a fatty liver index of >= 30. The fertile females were divided into four groups: neither-FLD, NAFLD-only, MAFLD-only, and both-FLDs. During subsequent pregnancy, the risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and low birthweight, were compared among the four groups. Results The study population comprised 762,401 females, including 720,606 with neither-FLD, 318 with NAFLD-only, 14,371 with MAFLD-only, and 27,106 with both-FLDs. Compared to females with neither-FLD, the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in females with any FLD, with an adjusted OR of 1.73 (95% CI 1.25-2.41) in the NALFD-only group, 2.65 (2.53-2.77) in the MAFLD-only group, and 2.39 (2.31-2.48) in the both-FLDs group. Pregnancy outcomes (cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, and low birthweight) were worse in females with MAFLD compared with NAFLD. Conclusion Any form of FLD is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. These data suggest that MAFLD is associated with a higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes for both mother and fetus than NAFLD.
A history of previous gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with adverse changes in insulin secretion and VLDL metabolism independently of increased intrahepatocellular lipid$$$ We have previously reported a high prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM). We wanted to confirm that intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL) is associated with pGDM independently of adiposity and determine: (1) if VLDL metabolism is dysregulated; and (2) the extent to which NAFLD and IHCL account for the dysmetabolic phenotype in pGDM. We analysed data from a cohort of 234 women (114 with pGDM) and identified effects of pGDM on lipid and glucoregulation that were independent of ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD. We then measured IHCL by MR spectroscopy in a representative subgroup (n = 36) and conducted detailed metabolic studies (IVGTT, VLDL apolipoprotein B [apoB] kinetics and palmitate turnover) and measurement of regional body fat by MRI to demonstrate effects of IHCL that were independent of a history of pGDM. pGDM was associated with increased IHCL (p = 0.04) after adjustment for adiposity. Independently of IHCL, pGDM was associated with a lower IVGTT disposition index (p = 0.02) and acute insulin response to glucose (pGDM+/NAFLD-, 50% lower; pGDM+/NAFLD+, 36% lower; effect of pGDM, p = 0.03), increased VLDL apoB pool size (pGDM+/NAFLD-, 3.1-fold higher; pGDM+/NAFLD+, 1.2-fold higher; effect of pGDM, p = 0.02) and, at borderline significance (p = 0.05), increased rate of VLDL apoB synthesis. pGDM is associated with increased IHCL independently of adiposity. The increased liver fat contributes to the phenotype, but pGDM status is independently associated with diminished insulin secretion and (shown for the first time) augmented VLDL metabolism. IHCL with pGDM may compound a dysmetabolic phenotype.
Low circulating levels of neuregulin 4 as a potential biomarker associated with the severity and prognosis of obesity-related metabolic diseases: a systematic review$$$ BackgroundNeuregulin 4 (Nrg4) is a brown adipose tissue-derived adipokine that greatly affects systemic metabolism and improves metabolic derangements. Although abnormal circulating levels of Nrg4 are common in obesity, it remains elusive whether low or elevated levels of this batokine are associated with the onset of metabolic diseases.AimTo assess Nrg4 levels and its role as a feasible biomarker to predict the severity of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and cardiovascular diseases (CVD).MethodsA search for relevant studies was performed systematically using prominent search engines, including PubMed, Google Scholar, and Embase, by following PRISMA guidelines.ResultsAmple clinical evidence reported low serum/plasma levels of Nrg4 in obesity and these were inversely proportional to the indices of metabolic syndrome, including body mass index, waist circumference, triglycerides, fasting plasma glucose, and homoeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance as well as high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. Low circulating Nrg4 levels may aid in the prediction of morbid obesity, and subsequent GDM, T2DM, NAFLD, and CVD.ConclusionCurrent clinical evidence emphasizes that the circulating levels of Nrg4 are decreased in morbid obesity, and it also highlights that Nrg4 May serve as a potential prognostic biomarker for obesity-related metabolic diseases.
Fructose consumption during pregnancy and lactation induces fatty liver and glucose intolerance in rats$$$ Nutritional insults during pregnancy and lactation are health risks for mother and offspring. Both fructose (FR) and low-protein (LP) diets are linked to hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in nonpregnant animals. We hypothesized that dietary FR or LP intake during pregnancy may exacerbate the already compromised glucose homeostasis to induce gestational diabetes and fatty liver. Therefore, we investigated and compared the effects of LP or FR intake on hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in unmated controls (CTs) and pregnant and lactating rats. Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a CT, or a 63% FR, or an 8% LP diet. Glucose tolerance test at day 17 of the study revealed greater (P < .05) blood glucose at 10 (75.6 mg/dL vs 64.0 +/- 4.8 mg/dL) minutes and 20 (72.4 mg/dL vs 58.6 +/- 4.0 mg/dL) minutes after glucose dose and greater area under the curve (4302.3 mg.dL(-1).min(-1) vs 3763.4 +/- 263.6 mg.dL(-1).min(-1)) for FR-fed dams compared with CT-fed dams. The rats were euthanized at 21 days postpartum. Both the FR- and LP-fed dams had enlarged (P < .05) livers (9.3%, 7.1% body weight vs 4.8% +/- 0.2% body weight) and elevated (P < .05) liver triacylglycerol (216.0, 130.0 mg/g vs 19.9 +/- 12.6 mg/g liver weight) compared with CT-fed dams. Fructose induced fatty liver and glucose intolerance in pregnant and lactating rats, but not unmated CT rats. The data demonstrate a unique physiological status response to diet resulting in the development of gestational diabetes coupled with hepatic steatosis in FR-fed dams, which is more severe than an LP diet. (c) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and pregnancy complications among Sri Lankan women: A cross sectional analytical study$$$ Background Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the commonest cause of liver disease worldwide and is the hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome. Effects of NAFLD on pregnancy is still unclear with few studies showing an association to gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. We aimed to describe the association between the NAFLD and pregnancy complications. This is the first study, to our knowledge, in a South Asian population. Method A cross sectional analytical study was done in Teaching Hospital, Ragama, Sri Lanka. Women carrying a singleton pregnancy, admitted for delivery were assessed for NAFLD with liver ultrasound scan. Data were extracted from interviewer administered questionnaire and antenatal and inpatient records. Pregnancy complications and labour outcomes were compared between the women with NAFLD and women without NAFLD (non-NAFLD). Results Out of the 573 women who participated, 18.2% (n = 104) were found to have NAFLD. Out of them, 58 (55.8%), 32(30.8%), and 14(13.5%) had fatty liver grade 1,2 and 3 respectively. Women with NAFLD were 2 times more likely to develop gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia compared to the women in the non-NAFLD group, after adjusting for BMI, age and Hyperglycaemia in pregnancy [Adjusted OR 2.09, (95% CI 1.07-4.10)]. There was no association between the grade of steatosis and a composite outcome of gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia, within the NAFLD group. Composite outcome of gestational diabetes mellitus and diabetes in pregnancy diagnosed during pregnancy was a significant complication in the NAFLD group compared to non-NAFLD group in the bivariate analysis (27.2% vs 17.7%; p<0.05), but the significance disappeared after adjusting for confounders. The current study did not demonstrate a significant association between NAFLD with preterm labour, caesarean section rate, low birth weight, and Apgar score of the baby. Conclusion Women with NAFLD had a 2-fold higher risk of developing gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia during pregnancy compared to women without NAFLD, after controlling for other confounding variables.
Low Birthweight Increases the Likelihood of Severe Steatosis in Pediatric Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease$$$ OBJECTIVES: Small for gestational age (SGA) is associated with an increased risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Our aim was to investigate the correlation of birthweight with the severity of liver damage in a large cohort of children with NAFLD. METHODS: Two hundred and eighty-eight consecutive Caucasian Italian overweight/obese children with biopsyproven NAFLD were included in the study. We examined the relative association of each histological feature of NAFLD with metabolic alterations, insulin-resistance, I148M polymorphism in the patatin-like phospholipase domain-containing protein 3 (PNPLA3) gene, and birthweight relative to gestational age. RESULTS: In the whole NAFLD cohort, 12.2% of patients were SGA, 62.8% appropriate for gestational age (AGA), and 25% large for gestational age (LGA). SGA children had a higher prevalence of severe steatosis (69%) and severe portal inflammation (14%) compared with the AGA and LGA groups. Notably, severe steatosis (>66%) was decreasing from SGA to AGA and LGA, whereas the prevalence of moderate steatosis (33-66%) was similar in three groups. The prevalence of type 1 NAFLD is higher in the LGA group with respect to the other two groups (25% vs. 5.2% vs. 9.4%), whereas the SGA group shows a higher prevalence of overlap type (85.8%) with respect to the LGA group (51.4%) but not compared with the AGA group (75%). At multivariable regression analysis, SGA at birth increased fourfold the likelihood of severe steatosis (odds ratio (OR) 4.0, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.43-10.9, P = 0.008) and threefold the likelihood of NAFLD Activity Score (NAS)>= 5 (OR 2.98, 95% CI 1.06-8.33, P = 0.037) independently of homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance and PNPLA3 genotype. The PNPLA3-CC wild-type genotype was the strongest independent predictor of the absence of significant fibrosis (OR 0.26, 95% CI 0.13-0.52, P=<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: In children with NAFLD, the risk of severe steatosis is increased by SGA at birth, independent of and in addition to other powerful risk factors (insulin-resistance and I148M variant of the PNPLA3 gene).
Antenatal FibroScan® assessment for metabolic-associated fatty liver in pregnant women at risk of gestational diabetes from a multiethnic population: a pilot study$$$ Background: Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is a leading cause of chronic liver disease with increasingly recognised associations with gestational diabetes (GDM), including within the antenatal period. Aims: To assess the relationship between MAFLD in pregnancy and development of GDM. Methods: Fifty pregnant women were enrolled before 24 weeks gestation from a multiethnic obstetrics service in Sydney, Australia. Two FibroScan (R) assessments were performed, one prior to 24 weeks and one after 30 weeks gestation, to assess hepatic steatosis and stiffness. A control attenuated parameter (CAP) score >= 233.5 dB/m signified MAFLD. GDM was determined by an antenatal 75-g oral glucose tolerance testing. Results: Six (12%) women had evidence of FibroScan (R)-detected MAFLD in early pregnancy, while none had abnormal hepatic stiffness. Sixteen (32%) women developed GDM. No significant difference was observed in GDM rates (50% vs 29.5%; P = 0.37) between those with MAFLD in early pregnancy and those without. At the second scan (completed by 34 women), those who developed GDM had a lower observed mean increase in CAP scores (11.1 +/- 23.3 dB/m vs -14.9 +/- 26.0 dB/m; P = 0.004) and lower maternal weight gain (0.6 +/- 0.2 kg/week vs 0.4 +/- 0.2 kg/week; P = 0.04). Conclusions: There was no statistically significant association between FibroScan (R)-detected MAFLD in early pregnancy and subsequent development of GDM in this pilot study. Maternal weight gain may be associated with changes in the CAP scores, which reflect steatosis, during pregnancy.
Birthweight influences liver structure, function and disease risk: Evidence of a causal association$$$ Aim Low birthweight is an issue during pregnancy associated with an increased risk of developing liver disease later in life. Previous Mendelian randomisation (MR) studies which explored this issue have not isolated the direct impact of the foetus on birthweight. In the present study, MR was used to assess whether direct foetal effects on birthweight were causally associated with liver structure, function and disease risk independent of intrauterine effects. Materials and Methods We extracted single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) from genome-wide association studies (GWAS) about direct foetal-affected birthweight (321 223 cases) to conduct univariable and multivariable MR analyses to explore the relationships between birthweight and 4 liver structure measures, 9 liver function measures and 18 liver diseases. A two-step MR analysis was used to further assess and quantify the mediating effects of the mediators. Results When isolating direct foetal effects, genetically predicted lower birthweight was associated with a higher risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) (odds ratios [OR], 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.61, 1.29-2.02, p < 0.001), higher magnetic resonance imaging [MRI] proton density fat fraction (PDFF) and higher serum gamma glutamyltransferase (GGT). Two-step MR identified two candidate mediators that partially mediate the direct foetal effect of lower birthweight on NAFLD, including fasting insulin (proportion mediated: 22.29%) and triglycerides (6.50%). Conclusions Our MR analysis reveals a direct causal association between lower birthweight and liver MRI PDFF, as well as the development of NAFLD, which persisted even after accounting for the potential influence of maternal factors. In addition, we identified fasting insulin and triglycerides as mediators linking birthweight and hepatic outcomes, providing insights for early clinical interventions.
Hepatic Rather Than Cardiac Steatosis Relates to Glucose Intolerance in Women with Prior Gestational Diabetes$$$ Background: Increased myocardial lipid accumulation has been described in patients with pre- and overt type 2 diabetes and could underlie the development of left-ventricular dysfunction in metabolic diseases (diabetic cardiomyopathy). Since women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) display a generally young population at high risk of developing diabetes and associated cardiovascular complications, we aimed to assess whether myocardial lipid accumulation can be detected at early stages of glucose intolerance and relates to markers of hepatic steatosis (Fatty Liver Index), cardiac function, insulin sensitivity and secretion. Methods: Myocardial lipid content (MYCL), left-ventricular function (1 H-magnetic-resonance-spectroscopy and -imaging), insulin sensitivity/secretion (oral glucose tolerance test) and the fatty liver index (FLI) were assessed in 35 pGDM (45.6 +/- 7.0 years, 28.3 +/- 4.8 kg/m(2)) and 14 healthy control females (CON; 44.7 +/- 9.8 years, 26.1 +/- 2.5 kg/m(2)), matching for age and body-mass-index (each p>0.1). Results: Of 35 pGDM, 9 displayed normal glucose tolerance (NGT), 6 impaired glucose regulation (IGR) and 20 had been already diagnosed with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). MYCL and cardiac function were comparable between pGDM and CON; in addition, no evidence of left-ventricular dysfunction was observed. MYCL was inversely correlated with the ejection fraction in T2DM (R = -20.45, p<0.05), while the FLI was tightly correlated with metabolic parameters (such as HbA1C, fasting plasma glucose and HDL-cholesterol) and rose along GT-groups. Conclusions: There is no evidence of cardiac steatosis in middle-aged women with prior gestational diabetes, suggesting that cardiac complications might develop later in the time-course of diabetes and may be accelerated by the co-existence of further risk factors, whereas hepatic steatosis remains a valid biomarker for metabolic diseases even in this rather young female cohort.
The interactive effects of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and hemoglobin concentration in the first trimester on the development of gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse perinatal and maternal outcomes. Epidemiological studies have reported that non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and a high hemoglobin (Hb) concentration are risk factors for GDM in the middle trimester. However, no consistent conclusions have been reached, especially in Chinese pregnant women. A case-control study was conducted to better understand the associations between NAFLD and Hb concentration in the first trimester and the risk of GDM and their interactive effects. Multivariable logistic regression analysis and a cross-product term of Hb and steatosis were used to evaluate the associations between first trimester Hb concentration, steatosis, and GDM and their interactive effects. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using two-sided statistical tests at an alpha level of 0.05. For the study, 1,017 normal pregnant women, and 343 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM (25.22%) were recruited from the First Hospital of Shanxi Medical University, Shanxi Province, China. NAFLD-associated steatosis was found to be independent risk factors for developing GDM compared with grade 0 steatosis, with ORs of 1.98 (95% CI: 1.35-2.89) and 2.27 (95% CI:1.29-3.96), respectively. Meanwhile, a high Hb concentration was found to be a risk factor for developing GDM compared with the normal Hb concentration (OR = 1.88; 95% CI:1.24-2.83). The risk of developing GDM was more pronounced among pregnant women who had both high-grade steatosis and higher Hb concentrations during their first trimester (OR = 6.24; 95% CI: 1.81-23.66). However, we found no significant interactions between Hb concentration and steatosis grade. In conclusion, our study confirmed that a high Hb concentration and NAFLD-associated steatosis during the first trimester play important roles in predicting the risk of GDM in Chinese women. Future studies are required to verify the interactive effects between NAFLD-associated steatosis and Hb concentration.
Increased risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A population-based cohort study, systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Aims: Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) is one of the leading causes of liver transplantation in the West. This study seeks to examine whether women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of developing NAFLD compared to women without GDM. Methods: We conducted a population-based retrospective matched-controlled cohort study utilising The Health Improvement Network (THIN), a large primary care database representative of the United Kingdom population, between 01/01/1990 to 31/05/2016 followed by systematic review of available literature. The study population included 9640 women with GDM and 31,296 controls without GDM, matched for age, body mass index (BMI) and time of pregnancy. All study participants were free from NAFLD diagnosis at study entry. Patients with GDM and patients developing NAFLD were identified by clinical codes. Results: The median (range) follow-up duration was similar in women with and without GDM (2.95 (1.21-6.01) vs 2.85 (1.14-5.75) years respectively). Unadjusted incidence rate ratio (IRR) for NAFLD development in women with vs without GDM was 3.28 (95% CI 2.14-5.02), which remained significant after adjustment for wide range of potential confounders (IRR 2.70; 95% CI 1.744-4.19). The risk of NAFLD in GDM remained high (IRR 2.46: 95% CI 1.51-4.00) despite women being censored after they developed type 2 diabetes. The meta-analysis of 3 studies (including the current study) showed increased NAFLD risk in women with vs without GDM (OR 2.60; 95% CI 1.90-3.57,12 = 0%). As our study is based on routine clinical diagnosis of NAFLD, this study could potentially have underestimated the risk of NAFLD development. Conclusions: Women with GDM are at increased risk of developing NAFLD in their later life compared to women without GDM regardless of the development of type 2 diabetes. Clinicians should have a low threshold to investigate women with history of GDM for the presence of NAFLD. Further studies to identify screening strategies are needed. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Association of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus with overweight/obesity and fatty liver risk in offspring$$$ BACKGROUND Childhood obesity and fatty liver are associated with adverse outcomes such as diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. It is very important to identify relevant risk factors and intervene as early as possible. At present, the relationship between maternal and offspring metabolic factors is conflicting. AIM To estimate the association of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with overweight/obesity and fatty liver risk in offspring at 8 years of age. METHODS The prospective study included mothers who all had a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test at 24-28 wk of gestation and whose offspring completed follow-up at 8 years of age. Offspring birth weight, sex, height, weight, and body mass index (BMI) were measured and calculated. FibroScan-502 examination with an M probe (Echosens, Paris, France) was prospectively conducted in offspring aged 8 years from the Shanghai Prenatal Cohort Study. RESULTS A total of 430 mother-child pairs were included in the analysis. A total of 62 (14.2%) mothers were classified as obese, and 48 (11.1%) were classified as having GDM. The mean age of the offspring at follow-up was 8 years old. Thirty-seven (8.6%) offspring were overweight, 14 (3.3%) had obesity, and 60 (14.0%) had fatty liver. The prevalence of overweight, obesity and fatty liver in offspring increased significantly across maternal BMI quartiles (all P < 0.05). Among offspring of mothers with GDM, 12 (25.0%) were overweight, 4 (8.3%) were obese, and 12 (25.0%) had fatty liver vs. 25 (6.5%), 10 (2.6%) and 48 (12.6%), respectively, for offspring of mothers without GDM (all P < 0.05). In multiple logistic regression, after adjustment for variables, the OR for fatty liver in offspring was 8.26 (95%CI: 2.38-28.75) for maternal obesity and GDM. CONCLUSION This study showed that maternal obesity can increase the odds of overweight/obesity and fatty liver in offspring, and GDM status also increases the odds of overweight/obesity in offspring. Weight management and glycemic control before and during pregnancy need to be highlighted in primary prevention of pediatric obesity and fatty liver. (C) The Author(s) 2022. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
The prevalence of metabolic associated fatty liver detected by FibroScan® in women with gestational diabetes in a multiethnic population$$$ Aims: Metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is a leading cause of chronic liver disease and has been increasingly associated with gestational diabetes (GDM). This study aimed to assess the prevalence of MAFLD in women with GDM in the antenatal period. Methods: 108 pregnant women with GDM diagnosed on a 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test were enrolled from a multiethnic cohort attending a large obstetrics clinic in Sydney, Australia and had a single FibroScan (R) assessment after 24 weeks gestation to assess for hepatic steatosis and fibrosis. A control attenuated parameter (CAP) cut-off score of >= 233.5 dB/m was chosen to signify presence of hepatic steatosis which indicates MAFLD. Obstetric, anthropometric and metabolic measures were analysed. Results: 29 (26.9%) women had evidence of FibroScan (R)-detected MAFLD, whilst none had evidence of hepatic fibrosis. Increased maternal BMI (aOR 1.12, 95% CI: 1.04-1.20) was asso-ciated with the finding of MAFLD in this cohort. Conclusions: We found a significant antenatal prevalence of FibroScan (R)-detected MAFLD in this cohort of multiethnic women with GDM. FibroScan (R) is a safe and rapid assessment tool which may have a role in screening for MAFLD in pregnancy in appropriate at-risk women. (C) 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS): Long-term metabolic consequences$$$ Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder in women during their reproductive ages, associated with a plethora of cardiometabolic consequences, with obesity, insulin resistance and hyperandrogenemia playing a major role in the degree of such manifestations. These consequences include increased risk of glucose intolerance and diabetes mellitus (both type 2 and gestational), atherogenic dyslipidemia, systemic inflammation, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, hypertension and coagulation disorders. Whether this cluster of metabolic abnormalities is also translated in increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) morbidity and mortality in later life, remains to be established. Data so far based on markers of subclinical atherosclerosis as well as retrospective and prospective cohort studies indicate a possible increased CVD risk, mainly for coronary heart disease. Future studies are needed to further elucidate this issue. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
No Independent Association of Circulating Fetuin-A with Insulin Sensitivity in Young Women$$$ Animal data link high circulating fetuin-A to low insulin sensitivity and observational studies identify the hepatokine as a marker of future incident type 2 diabetes mellitus in humans. However, a recent, well-powered Mendelian randomization study finds no causal role. We therefore tested in a deeply-phenotyped human cohort if circulating fetuin-A correlates independently with insulin sensitivity and how it relates to the metabolic syndrome and ectopic fat deposition. We analyzed data from 290 young women with and without recent gestational diabetes mellitus. We found that circulating fetuin-A correlates inversely with insulin sensitivity in univariate analyses, but that this correlation is lost after adjustment for markers of the metabolic syndrome and of fatty liver. Additionally, we investigated which fat compartment associates most strongly with circulating fetuin-A. In whole body MRI data from a subcohort of 152 women, this was liver fat content. We conclude that high circulating fetuin-A occurs as part of the metabolic syndrome in young women and associates most strongly with liver fat content. Its close link to the metabolic syndrome may also cause the inverse correlation of circulating fetuin-A with insulin sensitivity as we found no independent association.
The Predictive Ability of Hepatic Steatosis Index for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Large for Gestational Age Infant Compared with Other Noninvasive Indices Among Chinese Pregnancies: A Preliminary Double-center Cohort Study$$$ Objective: To evaluate the association of hepatic steatosis index (HSI) in the first trimester and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) as well as large for gestational age (LGA) infant in Chinese women. Methods: A total of 1082 pregnant women were included in this study. Maternal basic laboratory data, including ALT, AST, FBG, insulin, TG, and HDL-C, were tested during 6- 12 weeks of gestation and anthropometric characteristics were monitored during gestation. A 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was conducted at 24-28 weeks of gestation. HSI, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) liver fat score, triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C) and triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index were calculated. Odds ratio with 95% confidence interval for subsequent risk of GDM and LGA by HSI quartiles were assessed by binary logistic regression model. The predictive ability of HSI for GDM and LGA was evaluated by the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis and was compared with other indices. Results: The incidence of GDM and LGA were 22.09% (239/1082) and 10.53% (87/826). HSI was higher in GDM group than in NGT group (median, interquartile range: 30.67, 27.20-35.10 vs 27.98, 25.70-30.82, P<0.001). Incidence of GDM was gradually increased with increasing HSI values. Women in the highest HSI quartile had significantly higher risk of LGA delivery than those in the lowest HSI quartile (P<0.05). The area under the ROC curves of HSI for GDM and LGA were higher than other indices, reaching 0.646 (95%CI: 0.605-0.686) and 0.600 (95% CI: 0.541-0.660), respectively. Conclusion: Higher HSI was independently associated with higher risk of GDM and LGA in Chinese women. HSI in the first trimester can predict the risk of GDM and LGA.
Non-esterified fatty acid dynamics during oral glucose tolerance test in women with former gestational diabetes$$$ Aims Women with former gestational diabetes are at increased risk of Type 2 diabetes, which likely relates to hyperlipidaemia and ectopic lipid storage, mainly in the liver. Here, we examined the response of non-esterified fatty acid dynamics to oral glucose loading (oral glucose tolerance test). Methods We studied women with former gestational diabetes with normal glucose tolerance (n = 60) or impaired glucose metabolism (n = 12) and compared them with healthy women after normal pregnancy (control subjects, n = 15). During a 3-h oral glucose tolerance test, glucose, insulin and non-esterified fatty acid were frequently measured to compute the area under the non-esterified fatty acid curve and parameters of beta-cell function and insulin sensitivity. Through mathematical modelling, we assessed insulin sensitivity of lipolysis inhibition and the fractional non-esterified fatty acid turnover rate. We also measured some serum liver enzymes. Results Women with former gestational diabetes were slightly older and had greater body mass than control subjects. Subjects with impaired glucose metabolism had lower oral glucose insulin sensitivity, but higher fasting insulin and area under the non-esterified fatty acid curve, which inversely related to oral glucose insulin sensitivity and independently determined mean glycaemia. Model-derived non-esterified fatty acid parameters were lower in subjects with impaired glucose metabolism than in control subjects, particularly sensitivity of non-esterified fatty acid inhibition to insulin (2.50 +/- 0.52 vs. 1.06 +/- 0.20.10-2 ml/mu U). Also, subjects with impaired glucose metabolism had higher liver transaminases. However, all non-esterified fatty acid parameters showed only modest inverse correlation with liver transaminases. Conclusions Despite greater insulinaemia, circulating non-esterified fatty acids are higher in women with former gestational diabetes than in control subjects, which likely results from reduced sensitivity of lipolysis inhibition to insulin. This parameter may serve as indicator of an early metabolic derangement in this population at risk for diabetes.
The prevalence of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease and its association on adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Aims: To determine the prevalence of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) and its as-sociation on adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).Methods: 380 women with GDM had a FibroScan (R) performed between 24 and 32 weeks. A Controlled Attenuation Parameter (CAP) >= 233.5 dB/m signified MAFLD. Gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia and eclampsia contributed to a composite of adverse maternal outcomes. A composite of adverse neonatal outcomes included pre-term birth, hypoglycaemia, small/large-for-gestational age and admission to neonatal high dependency. Multiple logistic regression was used to determine independent associations with MAFLD.Results: 147 (38.7 %) women had MAFLD. Higher pre-pregnancy BMI (median 28.4, IQR 24.7-33.0 kg/m(2) vs median 24.0, IQR 21.7-26.5 kg/m(2), p < 0.01) and rates of insulin therapy (62.2 % vs 40.7 %, p < 0.01) occurred in MAFLD over non-MAFLD women. MAFLD was independently associated with obesity (aOR 4.73 [95 % CI 2.53-8.86]) and insulin therapy (aOR 1.79 [95 % CI 1.12-2.85]). MAFLD and non-MAFLD women had com-parable rates of adverse maternal (7.7 % vs 9.5 %, p = 0.56) and neonatal outcomes (75.4 % vs 68.8 %, p = 0.18). Conclusions: Within this GDM cohort, almost 40% had FibroScan (R)-detected MAFLD in mid-to-late gestation. MAFLD was not associated with worse pregnancy outcomes.
Diet-induced obesity in the rat: A model for gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Objectives: Obesity is one of the most important risk factors for the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). However, in obese women, it is difficult to disentangle the genetic and environmental contributions. The aim of this study was to investigate whether diet-induced obesity results in GDM in rats with the same genetic background. Study design: Female Wistar rats were fed a cafeteria-style diet (CAF) or the standard control (C) diet from 70 days of age onward. After 4 weeks on the diets, subgroups of CAF and C rats were mated. In virgin and late-pregnant CAF and C rats, we determined body weight, body composition by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DEXA), glucose tolerance by intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT), and insulin sensitivity by hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp in nonanesthesized rats. Plasma leptin concentrations were also measured. Results: Body weight increased after 4 weeks in virgin CAF rats (P < .0001) and exceeded that of C rats throughout pregnancy. This resulted exclusively from increased fat mass, as determined by DEXA, and was associated with a rise in plasma leptin concentrations in nonpregnant and pregnant (both P < .0001) CAF rats. During the IVGTT, nonpregnant CAF rats showed normal glucose levels but increased insulin levels compared with C rats (P < .05 for the area under the curve for insulin: AUC(insulin)). In pregnant CAF animals, glucose tolerance was clearly impaired (AUC(glucose) P < .001) with insulin also raised (AUC(insulin): P < .05). On day 22, fetal weight was comparable between C and CAF rats, but litter weight was higher in CAF rats (P < .05) owing to an increase in litter size. Hyperinsulinemic clamp studies revealed unequivocal insulin resistance in nonpregnant CAF rats, which was aggravated by pregnancy, the proportional effect of obesity being higher than that of pregnancy. Conclusion: Diet-induced obesity in rats is associated with glucose intolerance during pregnancy but not in the nonpregnant state. This is likely to result from the additive effects of obesity and pregnancy on insulin sensitivity. This obese rat model is an attractive model to study further the physiologic and molecular abnormalities in GDM. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Factors early in life associated with hepatic steatosis$$$ BACKGROUND The rise in prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) mirrors the obesity epidemic. NAFLD is insidious but may gradually progress from simple steatosis to steatohepatitis, fibrosis and cirrhosis and/or hepatocellular carcinoma. Intervention strategies to ameliorate developmental programming of NAFLD may be more efficacious during critical windows of developmental plasticity. AIM To review the early developmental factors associated with NAFLD. METHODS Databases MEDLINE via PubMed, and EMBASE and Reference Citation Analysis were searched and relevant publications up to April 30, 2021 were assessed. Original research studies that included risk factors associated with early development of NAFLD in human subjects were included. These factors include: Maternal factors, intrauterine and prenatal factors, post-natal factors, genetic and ethnic predisposition, childhood and adolescence environmental factors. Studies were excluded if they were review articles or animal studies, case reports or conference abstracts, or if NAFLD was not clearly defined and assessed radiologically. RESULTS Of 1530 citations identified by electronic search, 420 duplicates were removed. Of the 1110 citations screened from title and abstract, 80 articles were included in the final analysis. Genetic polymorphisms such as patatin-like phospholipase domain-containing protein 3 (PNPLA3) and membrane-bound O-acyltransferase domain-containing protein 7 (MBOAT7) were associated with increased risk of NAFLD. Familial factors such as maternal obesogenic environment and parental history of hepatic steatosis was associated with offspring NAFLD. Longer duration of exclusive breastfeeding in infancy was associated with a lower risk of developing NAFLD later in life while metabolic dysfunction and/or obesity in adolescence was associated with increased risk of NAFLD. Studies relating to socioeconomic factors and its association with NAFLD reported confounding results. CONCLUSION Maternal metabolic dysfunction during pregnancy, being exclusively breastfed for a longer time postnatally, diet and physical activity in childhood and adolescence are potential areas of intervention to decrease risk of NAFLD.
High fat diet induced hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance: Role of dysregulated ceramide metabolism$$$ Aim: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is an insulin resistance disease that can progress to cirrhosis and liver failure. We hypothesized that in NAFLD, insulin resistance dysregulates lipid metabolism, increasing production of cytotoxic lipids including ceramides, which exacerbate hepatic insulin resistance and injury. Methods: Long Evans rats were pair-fed low (LFD) or high (HFD) fat diets for 8 weeks. Livers were used to measure lipids, gene expression, insulin receptor binding, integrity of insulin signaling, and pro-inflammatory cytokines. In vitro experiments characterized effects of ceramides on Huh7 cell viability, mitochondrial function, and insulin signaling. Results: High fat diet feeding caused NAFLD with peripheral and hepatic insulin resistance, increased hepatic expression of pro-ceramide genes, sphingomyelinase activity, and lipid peroxidation, and increased serum ceramide. Ceramide treatment impaired Huh7 cell viability, mitochondrial function, and insulin signaling. Conclusions: Increased hepatic ceramide generation and release may mediate both hepatic and peripheral insulin resistance in NAFLD.
Prenatal exposure to diesel exhaust PM<sub>2.5</sub> programmed non-alcoholic fatty liver disease differently in adult male offspring of mice fed normal chow and a high-fat diet$$$ Air pollution is one of the leading preventable threats to public health. Emerging evidence indicates that exposure to environmental stressors is associated with abnormal foetal development. However, how prenatal exposure to diesel exhaust PM2.5 (DEP) predisposes adult offspring to the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) remains unclear. To examine this, C57BL/6J mice were exposed to DEP or a vehicle before conception and during pregnancy and fed normal chow or a high-fat diet. Then, the hepatic fatty accumulation in the adult male offspring and possible molecular mechanisms were assessed. Our data showed that prenatal exposure to DEP on normal chow led to hepatic steatosis in adult male offspring with normal liver function. However, prenatal DEP exposure relieved the hepatic steatosis and liver function in offspring of mice fed a high-fat diet. Furthermore, prenatal exposure to DEP on normal chow increased lipogenesis and worsened fatty acid oxidation. The counteractive effect of prenatal DEP exposure on high-fat-diet-induced hepatic steatosis was produced through upregulated adenosine 5'-monophosphate-activated protein kinase, and this improved lipogenesis and fatty acid oxidation. Collectively, prenatal exposure to DEP programmed the development of NAFLD differently in the adult male offspring of mice fed normal chow and a high-fat diet, showing the pleotrophic effects of exposure to adverse environmental factors in early life. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Mitochondrial dysfunction and epigenetics underlying the link between early-life nutrition and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Early-life malnutrition plays a critical role in foetal development and predisposes to metabolic diseases later in life, according to the concept of 'developmental programming'. Different types of early nutritional imbalance, including undernutrition, overnutrition and micronutrient deficiency, have been related to long-term metabolic disorders. Accumulating evidence has demonstrated that disturbances in nutrition during the period of preconception, pregnancy and primary infancy can affect mitochondrial function and epigenetic mechanisms. Moreover, even though multiple mechanisms underlying non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) have been described, in the past years, special attention has been given to mitochondrial dysfunction and epigenetic alterations. Mitochondria play a key role in cellular metabolic functions. Dysfunctional mitochondria contribute to oxidative stress, insulin resistance and inflammation. Epigenetic mechanisms have been related to alterations in genes involved in lipid metabolism, fibrogenesis, inflammation and tumorigenesis. In accordance, studies have reported that mitochondrial dysfunction and epigenetics linked to early-life nutrition can be important contributing factors in the pathogenesis of NAFLD. In this review, we summarise the current understanding of the interplay between mitochondrial dysfunction, epigenetics and nutrition during early life, which is relevant to developmental programming of NAFLD.
Liver biomarkers, lipid metabolites, and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in a prospective study among Chinese pregnant women$$$ BackgroundLiver plays an important role in maintaining glucose homeostasis. We aimed to examine the associations of liver enzymes and hepatic steatosis index (HSI, a reliable biomarker for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease) in early pregnancy with subsequent GDM risk, as well as the potential mediation effects of lipid metabolites on the association between HSI and GDM.MethodsIn a birth cohort, liver enzymes were measured in early pregnancy (6-15 gestational weeks, mean 10) among 6,860 Chinese women. Multivariable logistic regression was performed to examine the association between liver biomarkers and risk of GDM. Pearson partial correlation and least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) regression were conducted to identify lipid metabolites that were significantly associated with HSI in a subset of 948 women. Mediation analyses were performed to estimate the mediating roles of lipid metabolites on the association of HSI with GDM.ResultsLiver enzymes and HSI were associated with higher risks of GDM after adjustment for potential confounders, with ORs ranging from 1.42 to 2.24 for extreme-quartile comparisons (false discovery rate-adjusted P-trend <= 0.005). On the natural log scale, each SD increment of alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyl transferase, alkaline phosphatase, and HSI was associated with a 1.15-fold (95% CI: 1.05, 1.26), 1.10-fold (1.01, 1.20), 1.21-fold (1.10, 1.32), 1.15-fold (1.04, 1.27), and 1.33-fold (1.18, 1.51) increased risk of GDM, respectively. Pearson partial correlation and LASSO regression identified 15 specific lipid metabolites in relation to HSI. Up to 52.6% of the association between HSI and GDM risk was attributed to the indirect effect of the HSI-related lipid score composed of lipid metabolites predominantly from phospholipids (e.g., lysophosphatidylcholine and ceramides) and triacylglycerol.ConclusionsElevated liver enzymes and HSI in early pregnancy, even within a normal range, were associated with higher risks of GDM among Chinese pregnant women. The association of HSI with GDM was largely mediated by altered lipid metabolism.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and the risk of insulin-requiring gestational diabetes$$$ Background: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is one of the most common chronic liver diseases; however, there has been little research into its impact on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: This study included 308,095 women registered in the Korean National Health Insurance Service database, who delivered between 2011 and 2015 and received a health examination within 52 weeks before pregnancy. Insulin-requiring GDM was defined as no insurance claims for diabetes mellitus and a fasting blood glucose level of < 126 mg/dL before pregnancy, and initiation of insulin treatment during pregnancy. A fatty liver index (FLI) was calculated using body mass index, waist circumference, and blood triglyceride and gamma-glutamyl transferase levels. FLI scores < 30 ruled out hepatic steatosis, while FLI scores >= 60 indicated NAFLD. Results: The prevalence of NAFLD was 0.8% (2355/308,095) and 1984 (0.6%) subjects developed insulin-requiring GDM. FLIs of 30-59 and >= 60 were significantly associated with increased risk of insulin-requiring GDM (odds ratio [OR] 3.50; 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.99-4.10; OR 4.19; 95% CI 3.37-5.23), respectively. Further exploration of the association of FLI with GDM across FLI decile categories revealed a steady increase in OR across the categories. The association was more prominent among those without metabolic syndrome. Conclusion: NAFLD in women is an independent risk factor for insulin-requiring GDM.
Fish oil supplementation during pregnancy decreases liver endocannabinoid system and lipogenic markers in newborn rats exposed to maternal high-fat diet$$$ PurposeMaternal high-fat diet (HF) programs obesity, metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD), hypertriglyceridemia, and hyperglycemia associated with increased endocannabinoid system (ECS) in the liver of adult male rat offspring. We hypothesized that maternal HF would induce sex specific ECS changes in the liver of newborn rats, prior to obesity onset, and maternal fish oil (FO) supplementation would reprogram the ECS and lipid metabolism markers preventing liver triglycerides (TG) accumulation.MethodsFemale rats received a control (CT) (10.9% fat) or HF (28.7% fat) diet 8 weeks prior to mating and during pregnancy. A subgroup of HF dams received 3% FO supplementation in the HF diet (35.4% fat) during pregnancy (HFFO). Serum hormones and liver TG, ECS, lipid metabolism, oxidative stress and autophagy markers were assessed in male and female newborn offspring.ResultsMaternal HF diet increased liver cannabinoid receptor 1 (CB1) in males and decreased CB2 in females, with no effect on liver TG. Maternal FO supplementation reduced liver CB1 regardless of the offspring sex, but reduced TG liver content only in females. FO reduced the liver content of the endocannabinoid anandamide in males, and the content of 2-arachidonoylglycerol in both sexes. Maternal HF increased lipogenic and decreased lipid oxidation markers, and FO induced the opposite regulation in the liver of offspring.ConclusionPrenatal HF and FO differentially modulate liver ECS in the offspring before obesity and MASLD development. These results suggest that maternal nutrition at critical stages of development can modulate the offspring's ECS, predisposing or preventing the onset of metabolic diseases.
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Is Prevalent in Women With Prior Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Independently Associated With Insulin Resistance and Waist Circumference$$$ OBJECTIVE Type 2 diabetes increases the risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which is a potentially reversible condition but is also associated with progressive fibrosis and cirrhosis. Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) have a higher risk for NAFLD. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS One hundred women without diabetes who had pGDM (median [interquartile range]: age 38.6 [6.4] years; BMI 31.0 [6.2] kg/m(2)) and 11 healthy control subjects without NAFLD (age 37.9 [7.8] years; BMI 28.1 [0.8] kg/m(2)) underwent a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), DXA whole-body scan, and ultrasonic evaluation of hepatic steatosis. RESULTS Twenty-four (24%) women with pGDM had NAFLD on the basis of the ultrasound scan. None had cirrhosis. Women with NAFLD had a higher BMI (P = 0.0002) and waist circumference (P = 0.0003), increased insulin resistance (P = 0.0004), and delayed suppression of glucagon after the OGTT (P < 0.0001), but NAFLD was not associated with the degree of glucose intolerance (P = 0.2196). Visceral fat mass differed among the three groups, with the NAFLD group having the highest amount of fat and the control subjects the lowest (P = 0.0003). By logistic regression analysis, insulin resistance (P = 0.0057) and waist circumference (P = 0.0109) were independently associated with NAFLD. CONCLUSIONS NAFLD was prevalent in this cohort of relatively young and nonseverely obese women with pGDM who are considered healthy apart from their increased risk for diabetes. Insulin resistance and a larger waist circumference were independently associated with the presence of NAFLD, whereas glucose intolerance was not.
Hepatic Elimination of Drugs in Gestational Diabetes$$$ Background: The liver is the major metabolic clearance organ for chemical agents from the human body. Pregnancy is associated with several physiological changes that may affect one or more of these factors, and also induces changes in the hepatic clearance of certain drugs. The aim of this paper was to review some of the currently available information in the field to provide some insights about the relevance of these changes on the clearance of some drugs. Methods: A comprehensive literature search was carried out to identify eligible studies from MEDLINE/PubMed, EMBASE and SCIELO databases through 1970 first semester. Results: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a frequent disease commonly associated with other entities as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, prothrombotic conditions, changes in intestinal microbiome. These entities, together with the glycemic fluctuations associated with GDM might affect the determinants of the hepatic clearance (hepatic blood flow, the unbound fraction of drugs, and the hepatic intrinsic clearance). GDM is frequently associated with multi-drug treatments. While many of these drugs are cleared by the liver, little is known about the clinical relevance of these GDM associated pharmacokinetic changes. Conclusion: Considering the frequency of the disease and the effects that these pharmacokinetic changes might have on the mother and child, the need for further research seems advisable. In the meantime, cautious clinical judgment in the management of drug administration in women affected by this disease is recommended.
The association between chronic liver diseases and preeclampsia$$$ Background Preeclampsia is a multisystem disorder characterized by an abnormal vascular response to placentation associated with increased systemic vascular resistance. As liver involvement is one of the main clinical features of preeclampsia, we sought to determine if there is an association between chronic liver diseases and preeclampsia. Methods A retrospective matched case-control analysis was conducted in a tertiary medical center. Three hundred eleven (311) pregnant women with preexisting chronic liver disease (study group), including viral and autoimmune hepatitis, non-alcoholic fatty liver, Wilson disease, and cirrhosis, were match for age, parity, and number of fetuses to 933 healthy pregnant women (control group). The primary outcome measure was the incidence of preeclampsia in each group. Secondary outcome measures were obstetrical and neonatal complications. Confounders found to be significant on univariate analysis were evaluated using logistic regression models, and odds ratios (OR) and confidence intervals (CI) were calculated. Results Preeclampsia was diagnosed in 28 women (9.0%) in the study group and 33 women (3.54%) in the control group (p < 0.001). On multivariate analysis adjusted for maternal age, parity, previous preeclampsia, chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, pregestational diabetes mellitus, antiphospholipid syndrome, and mode of conception, chronic liver disease was found to be an independent risk factor for preeclampsia (aOR 2.631, 95% CI 1.518-4.561). Although there was no difference in the gestational week at delivery between the groups (38.6 +/- 2.13 vs. 38.8 +/- 2.17 for study and control group, respectively, p = 0.410), the study group had a lower mean neonatal birthweight (3088 +/- 551 vs. 3182 +/- 566 g, p = 0.011). There were no between-group differences in the other parameters evaluated. Conclusion In our study, preexisting chronic liver disease was associated with a 2.6-fold increased risk of preeclampsia.
Association of circulating inflammatory cells and platelets with gestational diabetes and pregnancy outcomes$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common cause of hyperglycemia during pregnancy, and its prevalence has increased over the past decades. GDM is directly related to the recent obstetric outcomes and long-term maternal and child health, which can be greatly improved by early identification and diagnosis of GDM. However, the prediction of the disease has always been a difficult problem due to the lack of simple and practical serological markers. Despite the controversy, recent studies have identified that circulating inflammatory cells and platelets, routinely included in the obstetric blood tests, are related to the development of GDM and adverse pregnancy outcomes. In this review, we summarized the studies in this field based on the recent literature. The inflammatory cell components we included were the total number of white blood cells, neutrophils, lymphocytes, monocytes and platelets, which were routinely examined in the blood tests in pregnancy. The aim of this review is not only to enrich our understanding of the pathogenesis of GDM but also to provide evidence for the value of these novel and practical serological markers in early identification of GDM and the prevention and its adverse outcomes.
Maternal resveratrol administration protects against gestational diabetes-induced glucose intolerance and islet dysfunction in the rat offspring$$$ Key points Maternal resveratrol (RESV) administration in gestational diabetes (GDM) restored normoglycaemia and insulin secretion. GDM-induced obesity was prevented in male GDM+RESV offspring but not in females. GDM+RESV offspring exhibited improved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity. GDM+RESV restored hepatic glucose homeostasis in offspring. Glucose-stimulated insulin secretion was enhanced in GDM+RESV offspring. Gestational diabetes (GDM), the most common complication of pregnancy, is associated with adverse metabolic health outcomes in offspring. Using a rat model of diet-induced GDM, we investigated whether maternal resveratrol (RESV) supplementation (147 mg kg(-1) day(-1)) in the third week of pregnancy could improve maternal glycaemia and protect the offspring from developing metabolic dysfunction. Female Sprague-Dawley rats consumed a high-fat and sucrose (HFS) diet to induce GDM. Lean controls consumed a low-fat (LF) diet. In the third trimester, when maternal hyperglycaemia was observed, the HFS diet was supplemented with RESV. At weaning, offspring were randomly assigned a LF or HFS diet until 15 weeks of age. In pregnant dams, RESV restored glucose tolerance, normoglycaemia and improved insulin secretion. At 15 weeks of age, GDM+RESV-HFS male offspring were less obese than the GDM-HFS offspring. By contrast, the female GDM+RESV-HFS offspring were similarly as obese as the GDM-HFS group. Hepatic steatosis, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance and dysregulated gluconeogenesis were observed in the male GDM offspring and were attenuated in the offspring of GDM+RESV dams. The dysregulation of several metabolic genes (e.g. ppara, lpl, pepck and g6p) in the livers of GDM offspring was attenuated in the GDM+RESV offspring group. Glucose stimulated insulin secretion was also improved in the islets from offspring of GDM+RESV dams. Thus, maternal RESV supplementation during the third trimester of pregnancy and lactation induced several beneficial metabolic health outcomes for both mothers and offspring. Therefore, RESV could be an alternative to current GDM treatments.
One Year's Treatment with the Glucagon-Like Peptide 1 Receptor Agonist Liraglutide Decreases Hepatic Fat Content in Women with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Prior Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in a Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial$$$ Prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) is associated with increased risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Treatment with glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) receptor agonists has shown beneficial effects in NAFLD patients. We evaluated the effect of the GLP-1 analogue liraglutide on NAFLD features in women with pGDM. Eighty-two overweight/obese, nondiabetic women with pGDM were included. We performed abdominal ultrasound, transient elastography with controlled attenuation parameter (CAP), and blood sampling at baseline and after 1 year. Thirty-seven women were randomized to liraglutide (1.8 mg once-daily) and 45 to placebo. Based on the ultrasound scan, 18 women (22%) had ultrasound-verified NAFLD at baseline and of these, 10 (56%) received liraglutide treatment. After 1 year, eight participants no longer had steatosis, four in each treatment group. The number of participants who developed NAFLD was similar in the two treatment groups; five in the liraglutide group and six in the placebo group (p = 0.74). Compared to placebo, liraglutide reduced the CAP-assessed intrahepatic fat content (-28 (-44;-11) vs. 2 (-13;18) dB/m, p 0.01) and body weight (-4.7 (-6.4;-2.9) vs. -1.4 (-3;0.3) kg, p 0.01). One-year's liraglutide treatment had no effect on the presence of ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD in overweight/obese nondiabetic women with pGDM, but reduced body weight and steatosis assessed by transient elastography with CAP.
Physical exercise and liver "fitness": Role of mitochondrial function and epigenetics-related mechanisms in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Background: Modern lifestyles, especially high-caloric intake and physical inactivity, contribute to the increased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which becomes a significant health problem worldwide. Lifestyle changes, however, affect not only parental generation, but also their offspring, reinforcing the need for efficient preventive approaches to deal with this disease. This transgenerational influence of phenotypes dependent on parents (particularly maternal) behaviours may open additional research avenues. Despite persistent attempts to design an effective pharmacological therapy against NAFLD, physical activity, as a non-pharmacological approach, emerges as an exciting strategy. Scope of Review: Here we briefly review the effect of physical exercise on liver mitochondria adaptations in NAFLD, highlighting the importance of mitochondrial metabolism and transgenerational and epigenetic mechanisms in liver diseases. Major Conclusions: A deeper look into cellular mechanisms sheds a light on possible effects of physical activity in the prevention and treatment of NAFLD through modulation of function and structure of particular organelles, namely mitochondria. Additionally, despite of increasing evidence regarding the contribution of epigenetic mechanisms in the pathogenesis of different diseases, the role of microRNAs, DNA methylation, and histone modification in NAFLD pathogenesis still needs to be elucidated. (C) 2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier GmbH.
Obstetric Outcomes in Women with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease$$$ Background: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is one of the most common chronic liver diseases in the Western world and yet there is little research into its impact on pregnancy. Methods: A literature review was conducted in the database PubMed, with articles published between 1990 and 2017. The selected studies addressed features specifically attributed to NAFLD and associated obstetric and neonatal outcomes. Nine studies met criteria. Our aim was to consolidate the limited literature and identify trends. Results: There was considerable heterogeneity in the diagnostic approach to NAFLD. Data are conflicting as to whether NAFLD increases the risk of gestational diabetes independent of obesity. NAFLD is associated with an elevated risk of extremes of birth weight, both small and large for gestational age. Several studies found a greater impact of NAFLD on maternal morbidity including preeclampsia in women with a body mass index <30kg/m(2). Conclusions: NAFLD appears to be associated with increased obstetric morbidity, particularly among non-obese women. More research is needed to clarify the pathophysiology and optimize safe treatment.
Maternal obesity characterized by gestational diabetes increases the susceptibility of rat offspring to hepatic steatosis via a disrupted liver metabolome$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus is a common complication of pregnancy, but its effects on the offspring are poorly understood. We developed a rat model of diet-induced gestational diabetes mellitus that recapitulates many of the clinical features of the disease, including excessive gestational weight gain, glucose intolerance, hyperinsulinaemia and mild hyperglycaemia. Compared to the offspring of lean dams, exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus during the prenatal period resulted in obesity, hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in young rat offspring that consumed a postnatal diet that was low in fat. The combination of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and the postnatal consumption of a high-fat diet by the offspring caused a more severe metabolic phenotype. Metabolomic profiling of the liver tissues of the offspring of gestational diabetic dams revealed accumulation of lipotoxic lipids and reduced phosphatidylethanolamine levels compared to the offspring of lean dams. The results establish that gestational diabetes mellitus is a driver of hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in the offspring. Maternal obesity is associated with a high risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is a common complication of pregnancy. The influence of maternal obesity and GDM on the metabolic health of the offspring is poorly understood. We hypothesize that GDM associated with maternal obesity will cause obesity, insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis in the offspring. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a high-fat (45%) and sucrose (HFS) diet to cause maternal obesity and GDM. Lean control pregnant rats received low-fat (LF; 10%) diets. To investigate the interaction between the prenatal environment and postnatal diets, rat offspring were assigned to LF or HFS diets for 12weeks, and insulin sensitivity and hepatic steatosis were evaluated. Pregnant GDM dams exhibited excessive gestational weight gain, hyperinsulinaemia and hyperglycaemia. Offspring of GDM dams gained more weight than the offspring of lean dams due to excess adiposity. The offspring of GDM dams also developed hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance. The postnatal consumption of a LF diet did not protect offspring of GDM dams against these metabolic disorders. Analysis of the hepatic metabolome revealed increased diacylglycerol and reduced phosphatidylethanolamine in the offspring of GDM dams compared to offspring of lean dams. Consistent with altered lipid metabolism, the expression of CTP:phosphoethanolamine cytidylyltransferase, and peroxisomal proliferator activated receptor- mRNA was reduced in the livers of GDM offspring. GDM exposure programs gene expression and hepatic metabolite levels and drives the development of hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in young adult rat offspring.
Regulation of the novel adipokines/hepatokines fetuin A and fetuin B in gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Objective. Fetuin B has recently been introduced as a novel adipokine/hepatokine which is significantly increased in hepatic steatosis and mediates impaired insulin action, as well as glucose intolerance. However, regulation of fetuin B in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), as well as its longitudinal changes in the peripartum period, have not been elucidated, so far. Design and Methods. Circulating fetuin A and fetuin B were quantified in 74 women with GDM and 74 healthy and gestational age-matched controls by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay during pregnancy (median gestational age: 201 days). Furthermore, fetuin B was quantified during pregnancy as compared to postpartum levels in a follow-up study (median time after delivery: 4 years and 115 days). Results. Median [interquartile range] serum fetuin B levels were significantly higher in women with GDM (4.8 [1.7] mg/l) as compared to non-diabetic pregnant controls (4.3 [1.2] me) (p = 0.013) during pregnancy. In multivariate analysis, GDM status, insulin resistance, and fetuin A were independent and positive predictors of circulating fetuin B. Furthermore, fetuin B serum concentrations significantly decreased after delivery. from 4.6 [1.7] mg/l (prepartum) to 3.0 [2.2] mg/l (postpartum) in all women (p < 0.001). Conclusions. Women with GDM have significantly higher fetuin B levels as compared to healthy pregrint control women and GDM status, insulin resistance, and fetuin A positively pregnant circulating fetuin B. Postpartum fetuin B is decreased as compared to prepartum values suggesting a placental co-secretion of this novel adipokine/hepatokine. Further studies need to elucidate factors contributing to fetuin B regulation in humans, as well as the pathophysiological significance of fetuin B upregulation in GDM. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Hyperglycemia During Pregnancy and Long-Term Offspring Outcomes$$$ Purpose of Review This review will focus on the long-term outcomes in offspring exposed to in utero hyperglycemia and gestational diabetes (GDM), including obesity, adiposity, glucose metabolism, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and puberty. Recent Findings There is evidence, mostly from observational studies, that offspring of GDM mothers have increased risk of obesity, increased adiposity, disorders of glucose metabolism (insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes), and hypertension. In contrast, evidence from the two intervention studies of treatment of mild GDM and childhood measures of BMI, adiposity, and glucose tolerance do not demonstrate that GDM treatment significantly reduces adverse childhood metabolic outcomes. Thus, more evidence is needed to understand the impact of maternal GDM on offspring's adiposity, glucose metabolism, lipid metabolism, risk of fatty liver disease, and pubertal onset. Summary Offspring of GDM mothers may have increased risk for metabolic and cardiovascular complications. Targeting this group for intervention studies to prevent obesity and disorders of glucose metabolism is one potential strategy to prevent adverse metabolic health outcomes.
Transient elastography and controlled attenuation parameter to evaluate hepatic steatosis and liver stiffness in postpartum patients$$$ Introduction Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) affects 30% of adults in the United States. Transient elastography (TE) (Fibroscan, Echosens, Paris, France) with controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) is a noninvasive way to evaluate liver steatosis and liver stiffness. The primary objective of this study was to assess prevalence of elevated liver stiffness and steatosis immediately postpartum. Furthermore, we sought to evaluate whether there were differences in rates of metabolic disorders of pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia) and pre-pregnancy conditions (type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), chronic hypertension, and obesity) in those with elevated postpartum liver steatosis/liver stiffness. Methods IRB approved prospective cross-sectional study in which TE and liver function tests were performed 1-2 days postpartum. CAP >= 300 dB/m was classified as significant steatosis. Increased liver stiffness was defined as >= 7 kPa. Prevalence was determined by proportion of individuals undergoing TE/CAP who met criteria. Chi-square analysis was used to compare differences between groups. Results Eighty-nine patients were included: 20 (22%) had GDM, 13 (15%) had gestational hypertension, and 15 (17%) had preeclampsia. Women with kPa >= 7 were more likely to have ALT >= 25, type 2 diabetes, and preeclampsia (p < .05). Pre-gravid BMI, BMI at delivery, and GDM were not associated with increased kPa. Pregravid BMI >= 25 and chronic hypertension were associated with CAP >= 300 dB/m (p < .05). GDM, preeclampsia, and gestational hypertension were not associated with CAP >= 300 dB/m. Conclusions Patients with preeclampsia, type 2 diabetes, and elevated ALT were more likely to have elevated postpartum liver stiffness. Pregravid BMI >= 25 and >= 30 were associated with increased liver steatosis, although did not impact liver stiffness. GDM was not associated with increased liver stiffness or steatosis. Consideration should be made for screening pregnant patients with preeclampsia, type 2 DM and overweight or obese BMI for liver disease in the postpartum period with potential for lifestyle intervention.
Role of ChREBP and SREBP-1c in gestational diabetes: two key players in glucose and lipid metabolism$$$ Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is any degree of glucose intolerance diagnosed during pregnancy. Metabolic abnormalities in GDM are associated with pancreatic beta-cell destruction and decreased insulin sensitivity. Carbohydrate-responsive element-binding protein (ChREBP) and sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c (SREBP-1c) are two transcription factors that play a key role in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism homeostasis. Our aim in this study was to elucidate the role of these proteins in GDM. Methods The study included 50 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM and 52 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance. Maternal blood samples were collected from pregnant women between the 24th and 28th weeks of pregnancy. Serum SREBP-1c and ChREBP levels were measured with commercial ELISA kits according to the manufacturer's instructions. Results Serum ChREBP (p=0.044) and SREBP1c (p=0.042) levels of pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance were found to be statistically significantly higher than women with GDM.
Metabolic alterations associated with maternal undernutrition during the first half of gestation lead to a diabetogenic state in the rat$$$ Background Although recent studies have investigated the effect of maternal nutrition on metabolic programming of the offspring, the question whether a nutritional insult during early gestation favours an altered metabolic state of the mother that persists during the remainder period of pregnancy, when foetal growth is maximal, remains to be answered. Methods To address this issue, we analysed the effect of 40% food restriction during the first 12 days of gestation on glucose tolerance, as well as on liver and adipose tissue metabolism, in Sprague-Dawley pregnant rats. Results We found that undernutrition at early gestation blocks pregnancy-associated accumulation of fat, leading to a net breakdown of lipids that may account for an increased delivery of fatty acids and glycerol to the liver. Together with altered expression of hepatic enzymes, this creates a catabolic state, characterized by decreased lipogenesis and increased beta-oxidation, which contributes to the ketonemia of underfed mothers. Furthermore, we observed that undernutrition during early pregnancy impairs insulin sensitivity at this stage and, importantly, exacerbates insulin resistance at late gestation, contributing to a diabetogenic state. Conclusion Undernutrition during the first half of pregnancy not only alters liver and adipose tissue metabolism, but also exacerbates the maternal insulin resistance at late gestation, which may increase their risk of gestational diabetes.
Transgenerational effects of zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation on glucose homeostasis in female offspring of gestational diabetes rats$$$ Clinical studies have demonstrated that maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the offspring's risk of developing glucose intolerance. Our previous study reported that co-supplementation with zinc, selenium, and chromium improved insulin resistance in diet-induced GDM rats. Here, Transgenerational effects of supplementation with zinc (10 mg/kg.bw), selenium (20 mu g/kg.bw), and chromium (20 mu g/kg.bw) in F1 female offspring of both zinc, selenium and chromium (ZnSeCr)-treated, and untreated GDM rats daily by gavage from weaning to the postpartum were investigated in the present study. Glucose homeostasis in the F1 female offspring of GDM at different stages were evaluated. Maternal GDM did increase the birth mass of newborn F1 female offspring, as well as the serum glucose and insulin levels. Zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation attenuated the GDM-induced mass gain, increased serum glucose and insulin levels in the female neonates. The high fat and sucrose (HFS) diet-fed GDM-F1 offspring de veloped GDM, with glucose intolerance, hyperglycemia and insulin resistance during pregnancy. Moreover, endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-related protein levels were increased and the activation of insulin signaling pathways were reduced in the liver of HFS-fed GDM-F1 offspring. Whereas glucose homeostasis in parallel with insulin sensitivity was normalized in the female offspring of GDM by supplementation both F0 dams and F1 offspring with zinc, selenium and chromium, not in those either F0 or F1 elements supplemented offspring. Therefore, we speculate that zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation may have a potential beneficial transgenerational effect on the glucose homeostasis in the female offspring of GDM. (C) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Hepatic Steatosis Is Prevalent in Stillborns Delivered to Women With Diabetes Mellitus$$$ Objective: Maternal diabetes is a risk factor for pregnancy complications, including stillbirth and macrosomia. Evolving data suggest that diabetes during pregnancy also has long-term consequences for offspring, putting them at risk for obesity and the metabolic syndrome in childhood. Because nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is known to occur in adults and children with insulin resistance, we hypothesized that altered lipid metabolism in fetuses of diabetic mothers may manifest with hepatic steatosis. Methods: We undertook a retrospective autopsy study to compare the presence and degree of hepatic steatosis between stillborns delivered to women with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus (gestational age 20-40 weeks; n = 33) and age-matched nondiabetic control stillbirth cases (n = 48), the latter enriched for maternal obesity, macrosomia, and similar cause of demise. Results: Histopathologic hepatic steatosis was significantly more prevalent and severe in the diabetic subjects (26/33, 78.8%) than in the controls (8/48, 16.6%) (P < 0.001). Within the diabetic cohort, the severity of steatosis was related directly to gestational age, birth weight, and liver weight, with no correlation of presence or severity of steatosis in the control group to maternal or fetal factors, including maternal body mass index or fetal macrosomia. Although macrosomic stillborns were more common in diabetic women with %hemoglobin A1c >6 and body mass index >30 kg/m(2), fetal steatosis was independent of glycemic control, maternal obesity, type of diabetes, ethnicity, or fetal sex in our cohort. Conclusions: This study is the first to our knowledge to demonstrate a specific association between fetal hepatic steatosis and maternal diabetes.
Resistin role in development of gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Diabetes is estimated to be one of the major causes of deaths in most countries due to its high prevalence rate, which was 8.8% in 2015. Hyperglycemia detected during pregnancy is known as gestational diabetes mellitus and it increases the potential risk of development of Type 2 diabetes in mothers with its varying prevalence rate of 1-14% in different populations. It also leads to the higher risk of developing abnormal glucose tolerance and obesity in their child at an early age. Recent studies show that potential mediators of insulin resistance such as adipokines - adiponectin, leptin and resistin are important for glucose and lipid metabolism. Adipokines are directly involved in the regulation of insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity in the liver, muscle and adipose tissue. It is also involved in inflammation, adipose tissue accumulation, adverse fat distribution and subsequently affects glucose metabolism. This review highlights the role of resistin (an adipokine) in the development of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Gestational diabetes mellitus may predispose to metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease$$$ The development of type 2 diabetes mellitus is a major contributing factor to the worldwide health burden of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). Insulin resistance, subclinical inflammation, dyslipidemia, obesity, and hypertension are all factors in this reciprocal interaction that contribute to the development of MASLD, which includes hepatocellular carcinoma, advanced fibrosis/cirrhosis, and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). A new risk factor for MASLD/NASH that affects the course of the disease independently throughout life is gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Women with a history of GDM had a higher chance of developing NASH, according to a recent study that used a large-scale database. Although the precise etiology is yet unknown, temporary disruption of pancreatic beta cell activity during pregnancy may set off systemic inflammation, affecting distant organs including the liver. Early screening and management strategies are crucial in mitigating MASLD progression and preventing adverse cardiovascular events in affected individuals.
Hepatic fat and glucose tolerance in women with recent gestational diabetes$$$ Objective Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an elevated risk of ultimately developing pre-diabetes and diabetes later in life. They also have an increased prevalence of fatty liver, but recent studies have reported conflicting findings on whether hepatic fat affects their risk of pre-diabetes/diabetes. Thus, we sought to evaluate the associations of liver fat with glucose homeostasis and determinants thereof in women with and without recent gestational dysglycemia. Methods Two hundred and fifty-seven women underwent an antepartum oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), which diagnosed 97 with GDM, 40 with gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT), and 120 with normal glucose tolerance (NGT). At a mean of 4.8 years post partum, they underwent an OGTT (which revealed that 52 had progressed to pre-diabetes/diabetes) and hepatic ultrasound, on which liver fat was graded as none (n=164), mild (n=66), or moderate (n=27). Results Liver fat was more prevalent in women with previous GDM than in those with GIGT or NGT (p=0.009) and in women with current pre-diabetes/diabetes than in those without (p=0.0003). As the severity of liver fat increased, there was a progressive worsening of insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function, coupled with rising fasting and 2-hour glucose (all p<0.0001). On multiple linear regression analyses, moderate liver fat was independently associated with lower insulin sensitivity (p=0.0002) and higher 2-hour glucose (p=0.009). Moreover, moderate liver fat emerged as an independent predictor of pre-diabetes/diabetes (OR=3.66, 95% CI 1.1 to 12.5). Conclusion The higher prevalence of liver fat in women with previous GDM is associated with their increased risk of pre-diabetes/diabetes.
A Prudent dietary pattern is inversely associated with liver fat content among multi-ethnic youth$$$ Objectives To identify dietary patterns associated with hepatic fat fraction (HFF), a measure of liver fat content and risk factor for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, in a prospective study of 397 multi-ethnic youth. Methods We obtained information on habitual dietary intake via the Block Kids Food Frequency Questionnaire at age 6 to 15 years ('T1') and 12 to 19 years ('T2'), and measured HFF using magnetic resonance imaging at T2. We derived dietary patterns via principal components analysis and examined associations with ln-transformed HFF using linear regression models that accounted for maternal education, gestational diabetes exposure and smoking habits; and child pubertal status, BMI and physical activity. Results At T1, none of the dietary patterns identified were associated with HFF measured at T2. At T2, a Prudent dietary pattern characterized by high fruit and vegetable intake was inversely associated with HFF (-0.08 [95% CI: -0.16, -0.00]). Similarly, increased adherence to the Prudent pattern across T1 and T2 corresponded with lower ln-HFF (-0.11 [-0.18, -0.04] units). On the other hand, adherence to a Western pattern comprising fried foods and refined carbohydrates at T2 correlated with higher HFF among non-Hispanic White participants (0.16 [0.06, 0.26]). These findings persisted after accounting for child BMI. Conclusions Even in healthy youth, a diet high in fruits and vegetables is associated with lower HFF, whereas a diet high in fried foods and refined carbohydrates is related to higher HFF. Dietary changes may serve as an early preventive measure to mitigate liver fat accrual.
Elevated Alanine Aminotransferase in Early Pregnancy and Subsequent Development of Gestational Diabetes and Preeclampsia$$$ Background: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is now considered as a hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome and elevated alanine aminotransferase (ALT) is commonly related to NAFLD in the absence of viral hepatitis or alcohol abuse. Previous studies have indicated that elevated ALT is associated with diabetes or metabolic syndrome in adults, but the clinical significance of ALT or NAFLD in pregnancy has not been well determined. The objective of this study was to determine the association between elevated ALT in early pregnancy and the development of gestational diabetes or preeclampsia in late pregnancy. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study, pregnant women who met the following inclusion criteria were included: 1) singleton pregnancy; 2) ALT levels were measured in antenatal outpatient clinic at 4-20 weeks of gestation; 3) patients were screened for gestational diabetes and delivered in Cheil General Hospital and Women's Healthcare Center. Cases with viral hepatitis or other liver diseases were excluded. The early ALT levels were divided into two groups (normal ALT [<= 95th percentile] and elevated ALT [> 95th percentile]), and the frequency of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia was compared between the two groups of cases. Gestational diabetes was screened and diagnosed by two-step procedure (50 g oral glucose challenge test and 75 g glucose challenge test with World Health Organization [WHO] criteria). Results: A total of 2,322 women met the inclusion criteria. Cases with elevated early ALT levels (> 95th percentile) had a higher risk of subsequent gestational diabetes and preeclampsia (gestational diabetes by WHO criteria, 2.1% in normal ALT vs. 6.5% in elevated ALT, P < 0.01; preeclampsia, 1.0% in normal ALT vs. 4.1% in elevated ALT, P < 0.05). This relationship between elevated ALT and increased risk of gestational diabetes/preeclampsia remained significant after adjustment for maternal age and pre-pregnancy body mass index. Conclusion: Elevated unexplained ALT in early pregnancy is associated with the risk of subsequent development of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia in late pregnancy.
Interactive effects of maternal and weaning high linoleic acid intake on hepatic lipid metabolism, oxylipins profile and hepatic steatosis in offspring$$$ Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has been described as a hepatic manifestation of the metabolic syndrome. When several studies correlated maternal linoleic acid (LA) intake with the development of obesity, only few links have been made between n-6 fatty acid (FA) and NAFLD. Herein, we investigated the influence of both maternal and weaning high LA intake on lipid metabolism and susceptibility to develop later metabolic diseases in offspring. Pregnant rats were fed a control-diet (2% LA) or a LA-rich diet (12% LA) during gestation and lactation. At weaning, offspring was assigned to one of the two diets, i.e., either maintained on the same maternal diet or fed the other diet for 6 months. Physiological, biochemical parameters and hepatic FA metabolism were analyzed. We demonstrated that the interaction between the maternal and weaning LA intake altered metabolism in offspring and could lead to hepatic steatosis. This phenotype was associated with altered hepatic FA content and lipid metabolism. Interaction between maternal and weaning LA intake led to a specific pattern of n-6 and n-3 oxylipins that could participate to the development of hepatic steatosis in offspring. Our findings highlight the significant interaction between maternal and weaning high LA intake to predispose offspring to later metabolic disease and support the predictive adaptive response hypothesis. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Maternal nicotine exposure aggravates metabolic associated fatty liver disease via PI3K/Akt signaling in adult offspring mice$$$ Aim: The aim of this study is to investigate the effect of maternal nicotine exposure (MNE) on the development of metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) in adulthood offspring and the underlying mechanism. Methods: Pregnant mice (n = 22) were subcutaneously injected with either saline vehicle (n = 11) or nicotine (n = 11) twice a day on gestational days 11-21. Offspring mice (n = 176) from both groups were weaned at postnatal day 21, and for 6 months after postnatal day 21, 96 mice were fed either a standard chow diet (n = 48) or a high-fat diet (n = 48). Serum lipid indicators, liver function indicators, insulin, and liver mitochondrial respiration were analyzed. The expression levels of fibrosis-related proteins, phosphorylated PI3K, phosphorylated Akt, sterol regulatory element-binding transcription factor 1 (SREBP1c), and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPAR-alpha) were detected in the liver by immunohistochemistry and Western blotting. Results: MNE significantly decreased the weight of both maternal and offspring mice (similar to 30%) and inhibited organ growth in offspring mice (P < .05). MNE also significantly increased serum levels of total bile acid, triglycerides, total cholesterol, glucose, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, low-density lipoprotein, and insulin while decreasing serum high-density lipoprotein levels and mitochondrial respiration activity in mice fed either the normal diet or high-fat diet (all P < .05). These effects of MNE on lipid metabolism and insulin resistance were mediated via PI3K and Akt phosphorylation and down-regulation of SREBP1c and PPAR-alpha. Conclusion: Our data indicate MNE induces lipid metabolism disorder and insulin resistance to promote MAFLD progression in adult offspring through activation of PI3K/Akt signaling and suppression of SREBP1c and PPAR alpha protein expression.
Low birth weight: a possible risk factor also for liver disease in adult life?$$$ Birth weight is a popular topic, because it is precisely recorded, a major determinant of infant survival, associated with infant mortality, and health outcomes later in life. Low birth weight (LBW) is a predisposing factor for metabolic abnormalities such as atherosclerosis, renal disease, non-insulin diabetes mellitus, asthma, low IQ, hypertension, obesity, psychological distress. They have all been reported to be more common among those who were small at birth. Due to lack of studies suggesting a linkage between LBW and diseases of liver; evidences, which support the hypothesis on the creation of a link between LBW, an indicator of unfavourable intrauterine environment, and liver diseases emerging in the adult life, and possible direct associations of LBW with liver diseases, e.g., hepatitis, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, cirrhosis, hepatoblastoma, or hepatocellular carcinoma were discussed. The associations between LBW and hepatitis vaccination as well as paediatric parental nutrition were also noted. (C) 2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Human placenta metabolizes fatty acids: implications for fetal fatty acid oxidation disorders and maternal liver diseases$$$ The role of fat metabolism during human pregnancy and in placental growth and function is poorly understood. Mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation disorders in an affected fetus are associated with maternal diseases of pregnancy, including preeclampsia, acute fatty liver of pregnancy, and the hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets syndrome called HELLP. We have investigated the developmental expression and activity of six fatty acid beta-oxidation enzymes at various gestational-age human placentas. Placental specimens exhibited abundant expression of all six enzymes, as assessed by immunohistochemical and immunoblot analyses, with greater staining in syncytiotrophoblasts compared with other placental cell types. beta-Oxidation enzyme activities in placental tissues were higher early in gestation and lower near term. Trophoblast cells in culture oxidized tritium-labeled palmitate and myristate in substantial amounts, indicating that the human placenta utilizes fatty acids as a significant metabolic fuel. Thus human placenta derives energy from fatty acid oxidation, providing a potential explanation for the association of fetal fatty acid oxidation disorders with maternal liver diseases in pregnancy.
Zinc, selenium and chromium co-supplementation improves insulin resistance by preventing hepatic endoplasmic reticulum stress in diet-induced gestational diabetes rats$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common pregnancy complications and results in adverse outcomes for pregnant women and their offspring. Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress is associated with insulin resistance and implicates in the development of GDM. Zinc, selenium and chromium have been shown to maintain glucose homeostasis via multiple mechanisms, but how these trace elements affect the insulin resistance and ER stress in GDM are largely unknown. To address this, a GDM rat model was induced by feeding female Sprague-Dawley rats a high-fat (45%) and sucrose diet, while zinc (10 mg/kg.bw), selenium (20 ug/kg.bw), chromium (20 ug/kg.bw) were daily supplemented alone or in combination from 6 weeks before mating to the end of lactation period. Maternal metabolic parameters, hepatic ER stress and insulin signaling were analyzed. The results showed that zinc, selenium and chromium co-supplementation dramatically alleviated high-fat and sucrose-induced glucose intolerance and oxidative stress during entire experiment period. Hepatic ER stress as well as the unfolded protein response was activated in GDM dams, characterized by the up-regulation of glucose regulated protein 78, phosphorylated the protein kinase RNA-like endoplasmic reticulum kinase, and the inositol-requiring enzyme 1 alpha. Zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation significantly prevented this activation, by which contributes to the promotion of the phosphorylated protein kinase B related insulin signaling and maintenance of glucose homeostasis. In conclusion, zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation may be a promising way to prevent the development of GDM by alleviating hepatic ER stress. (C) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The association of early unexplained elevated alanine aminotransferase with large-for-gestational-age birthweight$$$ BACKGROUND: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease causes hepatic insulin resistance and is associated with metabolic syndrome. Elevated levels of alanine aminotransferase are associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. The effect of hepatic insulin resistance is not only increased glycogen breakdown but also liberation of free fatty acids due to increased lipolysis. Both of these fuel sources are associated with macrosomia. There is little known about the impact of maternal nonalcoholic fatty liver disease on excessive fetal growth. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate the association of early elevated alanine aminotransferase with large-for-gestational-age birthweight. STUDY DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis from a nested case-control study of maternal alanine aminotransferase values measured between 8-18 weeks and subsequent gestational diabetes. We included women with singleton gestations with complete delivery information and without known diabetes, liver disease, or moderate self-reported alcohol use during pregnancy. We used inverse probability weighting to standardize the population and minimize selection bias. We calculated population-based birthweight z scores and defined large for gestational age as >= 90th percentile for gestational age. We compared maternal baseline characteristics with analysis of variance, Fisher exact test, or Wilcoxon rank sum. We then performed conditional logistic regression to evaluate the relationship between alanine aminotransferase and large for gestational age adjusting for maternal age, body mass index, parity, gestational diabetes, smoking, and maternal weight gain. RESULTS: We identified 26 cases of large for gestational age out of 323 mother-infant dyads. The mean maternal body mass index was higher in the large-for-gestational-age group compared to controls (33.7 [SD 4.3] vs 28.9 [SD 6.5], P = .002). Large-for-gestational-age babies were less likely to be male (8 [31%] vs 172 [58%], P = .01) and had a higher mean gestational age (39.5 [SD 0.9] vs 38.4 [SD 2.3] weeks, P = .01). Maternal and infant characteristics were otherwise similar. The mean alanine aminotransferase among the large-for-gestational-age cases was 28 (SD 37) U/L compared to 16 (SD 8) U/L for controls. Each unit increase in log-transformed alanine aminotransferase was associated with a 3-fold odds of large for gestational age (adjusted odds ratio, 3.05; 95% confidence interval, 2.27-4.10; P < .0001), and alanine aminotransferase >= 90th percentile (26 U/L) was associated with a 4- fold increased odds of large for gestational age (adjusted odds ratio, 4.03; 95% confidence interval, 2.84-5.70; P < .0001). This association was unchanged when analysis was restricted only to women without gestational diabetes with a glucose loading test < 120 mg/dL (log-transformed alanine aminotransferase: adjusted odds ratio, 3.05; 95% confidence interval, 1.04-8.96; P = .04, and alanine aminotransferase >= 90th percentile: adjusted odds ratio, 4.21; 95% confidence interval, 1.20-14.82; P = .03). CONCLUSION: Unexplained elevated alanine aminotransferase in the first trimester was associated with a 4- fold increase in the odds of large-for-gestational-age birthweight even in the absence of clinical glucose intolerance. This may represent the impact of maternal nonalcoholic fatty liver on the fetal developmental milieu.
Pyroptosis is involved in maternal nicotine exposure-induced metabolic associated fatty liver disease progression in offspring mice$$$ We have investigated whether inflammasomes and pyroptosis are activated in maternal nicotine exposure (MNE) offspring mice and whether they are involved in MNE-promoted metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) in adult offspring. We injected pregnant mice subcutaneously with saline vehicle or nicotine twice a day on gestational days 11-21. Offspring mice from both groups were fed with a normal diet (ND) or a high-fat diet (HFD) for 6 months at postnatal day 21 to develop the MAFLD model. Serum biochemical indices were analyzed, and liver histology was performed. The expression levels of inflammasome and pyroptosis proteins were detected by western blot. We found MNE significantly aggravated the injury of MAFLD in adult offspring mice. MNE activated inflammasomes and pyroptosis in both infant and adult offspring mice. HFD treatment activated inflammasomes but not pyroptosis at 3 months, while it showed no effect at 6 months. However, pyroptosis was more severe in MNE-HFD mice than in MNE-ND mice at 6 months. Taken together, our data suggest MNE promotes MAFLD progression in adult offspring mice. MNE also induces NLRP3 and NLRP6 inflammasome activation and pyroptosis in both infant and adult offspring mice, which may be involved in MNE-promoted progression of MAFLD.
<i>N</i>1-methylnicotinamide impairs gestational glucose tolerance in mice$$$ N1-methylnicotinamide (MNAM), a product of methylation of nicotinamide through nicotinamide N-methyltransferase, displays antidiabetic effects in male rodents. This study aimed to evaluate the ameliorative potential of MNAM on glucose metabolism in a gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) model. C57BL/6N mice were fed with a high-fat diet (HFD) for 6 weeks before pregnancy and throughout gestation to establish the GDM model. Pregnant mice were treated with 0.3% or 1% MNAM during gestation. MNAM supplementation in CHOW diet and HFD both impaired glucose tolerance at gestational day 14.5 without changes in insulin tolerance. However, MNAM supplementation reduced hepatic lipid accumulation as well as mass and inflammation in visceral adipose tissue. MNAM treatment decreased GLUT4 mRNA and protein expression in skeletal muscle, where NAD+ salvage synthesis and antioxidant defenses were dampened. The NAD+/sirtuin system was enhanced in liver, which subsequently boosted hepatic gluconeogenesis. GLUT1 protein was diminished in placenta by MNAM. In addition, weight of placenta, fetus weight, and litter size were not affected by MNAM treatment. The decreased GLUT4 in skeletal muscle, boosted hepatic gluconeogenesis and dampened GLUT1 in placenta jointly contribute to the impairment of glucose tolerance tests by MNAM. Our data provide evidence for the careful usage of MNAM in treatment of GDM.
Healthy Eating Index-2015 in relation to risk of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease among US population: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2017-2018$$$ BackgroundMetabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is a serious chronic disease in the US. Dietary patterns provide good guidance for the prevention of chronic diseases. The Healthy Eating Index (HEI-2015) is a dietary pattern based on the dietary characteristics of the US. ObjectiveSince the relation between HEI-2015 and MAFLD is unclear, this study examined their associations using the US National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHAENS) during 2017-2018. MethodsThis study included data from 4,062 participants aged >= 20 years, without viral hepatitis or pregnancy. MAFLD is defined as hepatic steatosis with one or more of the following: (1) overweight or obesity (body mass index >= 25 kg/m(2)); (2) type 2 diabetes; or (3) two or more other metabolic risk abnormalities. HEI-2015 scores were calculated from food intake information collected by the 24-h meal review method. The relationship of HEI-2015 with MAFLD was calculated using survey-weighted logistic regression analysis after adjusting for sex, age, race, education level, smoking status, alcohol use, levels of C-reactive protein, Aspartate Aminotransferase, Alanine Aminotransferase, a body shape index, minutes of sedentary activity, levels of cholesterol and glucose, energy take, drugs use, hypertension, and diabetes. ResultsWhen compared to the study population with no MAFLD, the patients with MAFLD showed a lower weighted mean HEI (48.0 +/- 0.6). HEI-2015 was inversely associated with MAFLD in the fully adjusted model [Q4 vs. Q1, OR = 0.567 (0.407-0.790), P = -0.002]. Among the 13 HEI-2015 components, total vegetables, greens and beans, total fruits, whole fruits, and whole grains were negatively associated with MAFLD, while added sugars were positively associated with MAFLD. This inverse association was consistent in subgroups of the participants stratified by sex, age, education level, race, body shape index, minutes of sedentary activity, hypertension, and diabetes. ConclusionA higher HEI-2015 is associated with a lowered risk of MAFLD which is more obvious among participations who were women, young, Mexican Americans, with higher education, and with no hypertension or diabetes.
Metabolic associated fatty liver disease and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Aim of the study: Metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) is now the most prevalent chronic liver disease in the world. Its prevalence in women of reproductive age is approximately 10%. Due to its high prevalence in this specific population, it is important to investigate adverse maternal and fetal outcomes caused by MAFLD during pregnancy. We aimed to summarize the association between MAFLD and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. Material and methods: A search was conducted on PubMed and ProQuest from inception to April 1, 2021, for studies assessing the association between MAFLD and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. The quality of included studies was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). We analyzed the pooled odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using a fixed and random-effects model. Heterogeneity was assessed using I-2. Results: Six studies comprising 20,535,994 (5,964 MAFLD) pregnant women were included. The quality of studies ranged from 6 to 8 stars. MAFLD was significantly associated with increased risk of dysglycemia (OR = 3.65, 95% CI = 2.47-5.39), pregnancy-associated hypertension (OR = 3.27, 95% CI = 2.75-3.88), cesarean section (OR = 2.78, 95% CI = 1.60-4.83), and preterm birth (OR = 1.70, 95% CI = 1.37-2.10) but not large for gestational age (OR = 1.69, 95% CI = 0.64-4.45). Conclusions: The presence of MAFLD is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes.
Adiponectin gene polymorphisms associated with diabetes mellitus: A descriptive review$$$ Diabetes is currently a growing concern of the age. Prevention and treatment of diabetes is a global health priority. Adiponectin is an adipocyte derived protein hormone that enhances insulin sensitivity and ameliorates diabetes by enhancing fatty acid oxidation and glucose uptake in skeletal muscle and reducing glucose production in the liver. Low serum adiponectin concentrations are associated with diabetes, central obesity, insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. Adiponectin gene is located on chromosome 3q27, where a locus of susceptibility to diabetes was mapped. Several cross-sectional studies showed that single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in adiponectin gene (ADIPOQ) were associated with diabetes. SNPs in ADIPOQ help in assessing the association of common variants with levels of adiponectin and the risk of diabetes. Two common SNPs, rs2241766 and rs1501299, have been linked significantly to type 1 diabetes mellitus which endow the world with a block of haplotypes. Experimental evidences also suggest that rs1501299, rs2241766, rs266729, rs17366743, rs17300539, rs182052, rs822396, rs17846866, rs3774261 and rs822393 are significantly associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus which is the predominant form of the disease. In addition, rs2241766 and rs266729 are extensively associated with gestational diabetes, a condition that develops in women during pregnancy. Therefore not a particular single mutation but a number of SNPs in adiponectin gene could be a risk factor for developing diabetes among the individuals worldwide. This study firmly suggests that adiponectin plays a crucial role in the pathogenesis of type 1, type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus.
Angiopoietin-like protein 4 induces growth hormone variant secretion and aggravates insulin resistance during pregnancy, linking obesity to gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Angiopoietin-like protein 4 (ANGPTL4) is a secretory glycoprotein involved in regulating glucose homeostasis in non-pregnant subjects. However, its role in glucose metabolism during pregnancy and the pathophysiology of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains elusive. Thus, this study aimed to clarify the relationship between ANGPTL4 and GDM and investigate the pathophysiology of placental ANGPTL4 in glucose metabolism. We investigated this issue using blood and placenta samples in 957 pregnant women, the human 3A-sub-E trophoblast cell line, and the L6 skeletal muscle cell line. We found that ANGPTL4 expression in the placenta was higher in obese pregnant women than in lean controls. Palmitic acid significantly induced ANGPTL4 expression in trophoblast cells in a dose-response manner. ANGPTL4 overexpression in trophoblast cells resulted in endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress, which stimulated the expression and secretion of growth hormone-variant (GH2) but not human placental lactogen. In L6 skeletal muscle cells, soluble ANGPTL4 suppressed insulin-mediated glucose uptake through the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)/extracellular signal-regulated kinases 1/2 (ERK 1/2) pathways. In pregnant women, plasma ANGPTL4 concentrations in the first trimester predicted the incidence of GDM and were positively associated with BMI, plasma triglyceride, and plasma GH2 in the first trimester. However, they were negatively associated with insulin sensitivity index ISI0,120 in the second trimester. Overall, placental ANGPTL4 is induced by obesity and is involved in the pathophysiology of GDM via the induction of ER stress and GH2 secretion. Soluble ANGPTL4 can lead to insulin resistance in skeletal muscle cells and is an early biomarker for predicting GDM. Placental angiopoietin-like protein 4 (ANGPTL4) is induced in obesity and is involved in the pathophysiology of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) via inducing ER stress and growth hormone variant (GH2) secretion. Secreted soluble ANGPTL4 can lead to insulin resistance in skeletal muscle cells and is an early biomarker for the prediction of GDM. This study linked obesity, ANGPTL4, and GDM. image
Pregravid Liver Enzyme Levels and Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus During a Subsequent Pregnancy$$$ OBJECTIVE Liver enzymes are independent predictors of type 2 diabetes. Although liver fat content correlates with features of insulin resistance, a risk factor for developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the relationship between liver enzymes and GDM is unclear. The objective of this study was to assess whether pregravid liver enzyme levels are associated with subsequent risk of GDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS A nested case-control study was conducted among women who participated in the Kaiser Permanente Northern California multiphasic health checkup (1984-1996) and had a subsequent pregnancy (1984-2009). Case patients were 256 women who developed GDM. Two control subjects were selected for each case patient and matched for year of blood draw, age at examination, age at pregnancy, and number of intervening pregnancies. RESULTS Being in the highest quartile versus the lowest quartile of gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT) levels was associated with a twofold increased risk of subsequent GDM (odds ratio 1.97 [95% CI 1.14-3.42]), after adjusting for race/ethnicity, prepregnancy BMI, family history of diabetes, and alcohol use. This result was attenuated after adjusting for homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), fasting status, and rate of gestational weight gain. There was significant interaction between GGT and HOMA-IR; the association with GGT was found among women in the highest tertile of HOMA-IR. Aspartate aminotransferase and alanine aminotransferase were not associated with increased GDM risk. CONCLUSIONS Pregravid GGT level, but not alanine aminotransferase or aspartate aminotransferase level, predicted the subsequent risk of GDM. Markers of liver fat accumulation, such as GGT level, are present years before pregnancy and may help to identify women at increased risk for subsequent GDM.
Maternal high-fat high-sucrose diet and gestational exercise modulate hepatic fat accumulation and liver mitochondrial respiratory capacity in mothers and male offspring$$$ Background: Maternal high-caloric nutrition and related gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with a high-risk for developing metabolic complications later in life and in their offspring. In contrast, exercise is recognized as a non-pharmacological strategy against metabolic dysfunctions associated to lifestyle disorders. Therefore, we investigated whether gestational exercise delays the development of metabolic alterations in GDM mothers later in life, but also protects 6-week-old male offspring from adverse effects of maternal diet. Methods: Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed with either control (C) or high-fat high-sucrose (HFHS) diet to induce GDM and submitted to gestational exercise during the 3 weeks of pregnancy. Male offspring were sedentary and fed with C-diet. Results: Sedentary HFHS-fed dams exhibited increased gestational body weight gain (p < 0.01) and glucose intolerance (p < 0.01), characteristic of GDM. Their offspring had normal glucose metabolism, but increased early-age body weight, which was reverted by gestational exercise. Gestational exercise also reduced offspring hepatic triglycerides accumulation (p < 0.05) and improved liver mitochondrial respiration capacity (p < 0.05), contributing to the recovery of liver bioenergetics compromised by maternal HFHS diet. Interestingly, liver mitochondrial respiration remained increased by gestational exercise in HFHS-fed dams despite prolonged HFHS consumption and exercise cessation. Conclusions: Gestational exercise can result in liver mitochondrial adaptations in GDM animals, which can be preserved even after the exercise program cessation. Exposure to maternal GDM programs liver metabolic setting of male offspring, whereas gestational exercise appears as an important preventive tool against maternal diet induced metabolic alterations. (C) 2021 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Fatty Liver Among Adolescent Offspring of Women With Type 1 Diabetes (the EPICOM Study)$$$ OBJECTIVE Intrauterine exposure to maternal type 1 diabetes is associated with a less favorable metabolic profile later in life. Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is the hepatic manifestation of a cluster of metabolic abnormalities linked to insulin resistance. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of maternal pregestational type 1 diabetes on the presence of fatty liver in offspring and the association between maternal BMI, glycemic control during pregnancy, offspring metabolic risk factors, and offspring level of soluble CD163 (sCD163) (a marker of macrophage activation) and risk of fatty liver. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS This study was a prospective nationwide follow-up study of offspring (n = 278) of mothers with pregestational type 1 diabetes between 1993 and 1999 and matched control subjects (n = 303). Mean age at the time of follow-up was 16.7 years (range 13.0-20.4 years). We used the fatty liver index (FLI) and waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) to evaluate the presence of fatty liver among the offspring. An FLI >= 60 or WHtR >0.469 were used as cutoff points for fatty liver. RESULTS More type 1 diabetes-exposed offspring had high FLI and WHtR indices compared with unexposed control subjects. We found significant associations between increasing maternal prepregnancy BMI, being born large for gestational age, offspring level of sCD163, as well as offspring metabolic risk factors (decreasing adiponectin and HDL cholesterol and increasing leptin, HOMA of insulin resistance, and HOMA of insulin secretion) and degree of fatty liver. CONCLUSIONS Intrauterine exposure to maternal type 1 diabetes and higher maternal prepregnancy BMI may predispose to fatty liver in the offspring. Offspring metabolic risk factors, including sCD163 levels, are associated with indices of fatty liver.
Maternal obstructive sleep apnea aggravates metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease via HMGB1-TLR4 signaling-mediated endoplasmic reticulum stress in male offspring rats$$$ Aims/hypothesis: Maternal obstructive sleep apnea (MOSA) may inflict long-term metabolic effects on offspring. We hypothesize that MOSA increases the propensity for metabolic dysregulation in offspring and thus facilitates the development of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). This study aims to test the hypothesis and explore the underlying mechanism. Methods: The MOSA rat model of upper airway obstruction was established and fecundated. The postweaning male offspring (n = 171) from both the control group and MOSA group were randomly fed the normal chow diet (NCD, n = 89) or high-fat diet (HFD, n = 82) for the next 5 months. Liver function, lipid profile, glucose, and insulin levels were measured. Expression levels of fibrosis-related proteins and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-related proteins in liver tissues were assessed using immunohistochemistry and western blotting.Results: MOSA increased body and liver weight in male offspring, along with augmented liver organ coefficient. Serum levels of aminotransferases, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein, triglycerides, total cholesterol, total bile acid, fasting glucose, and insulin increased significantly. MOSA exacerbated HFD-induced hepatic steatosis and fibrosis. These effects were driven by the overactivated double-stranded RNA-activated protein kinase (PKR)-like eukaryotic initiation factor 2(PERK)-activating transcription factor (ATF)4-C/EBP homologous protein (CHOP) signaling pathway-induced ER stress, and hyperacetylation and release of high mobility group box-1(HMGB1) elicited above signaling in a TLR4-dependent manner.Conclusions: These findings indicate that MOSA can exert prolonged adverse effects manifested as metabolic dysfunction in male offspring. Therefore, surveillance and management of OSA during pregnancy may be necessary to prevent and alleviate MAFLD in offspring.
The brown-fat-secreted adipokine neuregulin 4 is decreased in gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Aims. - Neuregulin 4 has recently been recognized as a novel adipokine secreted by brown adipose tissue (BAT), with beneficial effects on murine insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis. Yet, thus far, neither regulation of neuregulin 4 in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) nor its longitudinal changes in the peripartum period have been elucidated. Methods. - Circulating neuregulin 4 levels were measured by ELISA in 74 women with GDM and 74 healthy, gestational-age-matched controls. Also, neuregulin 4 was quantified during pregnancy and compared with postpartum levels in a follow-up study of 25 women with previous GDM and 25 healthy control women. Results. - Women with GDM had lower median serum levels of the novel BAT-secreted adipokine neuregulin 4 (3.0 a) compared with healthy (non-GDM) pregnant controls (3.5 mu g/L; P = 0.020), and the area under the glucose curve (AUC(Giuco)) was an independent and negative predictor of circulating neuregulin 4 (P = 0.033). Also, median postpartum serum concentrations of neuregulin 4 (3.2 mu g/L) were not significantly different from prepartum levels (2.8 mu g/L; P = 0.328). In addition, neuregulin 4 was positively and independently associated with irisin (P= 0.009), but not other BAT-secreted adipokines. Conclusion/interpretation. - Women with GDM have significantly lower circulating neuregulin 4 levels compared with healthy pregnant controls, and the AUCGiucose is negatively and independently associated with neuregulin 4 during pregnancy. Neuregulin 4 is positively correlated with irisin during pregnancy, as well as in a longitudinal fashion. Future studies are now needed to better elucidate the precise pathomechanisms of the regulation of BAT-secreted adipokines during pregnancy. (C) 2017 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and early prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus using machine learning methods$$$ Background/Aims: To develop an early prediction model for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using machine learning and to evaluate whether the inclusion of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD)-associated variables increases the performance of model. Methods: This prospective cohort study evaluated pregnant women for NAFLD using ultrasound at 10-14 weeks and screened them for GDM at 24-28 weeks of gestation. The clinical variables before 14 weeks were used to develop prediction models for GDM (setting 1, conventional risk factors; setting 2, addition of new risk factors in recent guidelines; setting 3, addition of routine clinical variables; setting 4, addition of NALFD-associated variables, including the presence of NAFLD and laboratory results; and setting 5, top 11 variables identified from a stepwise variable selection method). The predictive models were constructed using machine learning methods, including logistic regression, random forest, support vector machine, and deep neural networks. Results: Among 1,443 women, 86 (6.0%) were diagnosed with GDM. The highest performing prediction model among settings 1-4 was setting 4, which included both clinical and NAFLD-associated variables (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve [AUC] 0.563-0.697 in settings 1-3 vs. 0.740-0.781 in setting 4). Setting 5, with top 11 variables (which included NAFLD and hepatic steatosis index), showed similar predictive power to setting 4 (AUC 0.719-0.819 in setting 5, P=not significant between settings 4 and 5). Conclusions: We developed an early prediction model for GDM using machine learning. The inclusion of NAFLD-associated variables significantly improved the performance of GDM prediction.
Body and Liver Fat Mass Rather Than Muscle Mitochondrial Function Determine Glucose Metabolism in Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus$$$ OBJECTIVE-Ectopic lipid storage in muscle (intramyocellular lipids [IMCL]) and liver (hepatocellular lipids [HCL]) coexists with impaired myocellular flux through ATP synthase (fATPase) in certain cohorts with increased risk of type 2 diabetes. Because women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) have elevated ectopic lipids and diabetes risk, we tested whether deteriorated energy metabolism contributes to these abnormalities. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-A total of 23 glucose-tolerant nonobese pGDM and eight women with normal glucose metabolism during pregnancy with similar age, body mass, and physical activity underwent oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) and intravenous glucose tolerance tests at 4-5 years after delivery. OGTT values <463 mL . min(-1) . m(-2) were considered to indicate insulin resistance. pGDM were further stratified into insulin-resistant (pGDM-IR) and insulin-sensitive (pGDM-IS) groups. IMCL, HCL, and fATPase were measured with H-1/P-31 magnetic resonance spectroscopy. RESULTS-pGDM had 36% higher fat mass and 12% lower insulin sensitivity. Log-transformed fATPase was lower in pGDM (10.6 +/- 3.8 mu mol . mL muscle(-1) . min(-1) vs. 12.1 +/- 1.4 mu mol . mL muscle(-1) . min(-1), P < 0.03) and related to plasma adiponectin after adjustment for body fat (r = 0.44, P < 0.04). IMCL were 61% and 69% higher in pGDM-IR (P < 0.05 vs. pGDM-IS) and insulin resistant women (P < 0.003 vs. insulin sensitive), respectively. HCL were doubled (P < 0.05) in pGDM and insulin resistant women, and correlated positively with body fat mass (r = 0.50, P < 0.01) and inversely with insulin sensitivity (r = 0.46, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS-Glucose-tolerant pGDM show increased liver fat but only slightly lower muscular insulin sensitivity and ATP synthesis. This suggests that alteration of hepatic lipid storage represents an early and predominant abnormality in this cohort.
Type of fatty acids in maternal diets during pregnancy and/or lactation and metabolic consequences of the offspring$$$ During pregnancy and/or lactation, maternal nutrition is related to the adequate development of the fetus, newborn and future adult, likely by modifications in fetal programming and epigenetic regulation. Fetal programming is characterized by adaptive responses to specific environmental conditions during early life stages, which may alter gene expression and permanently affect the structure and function of several organs and tissues, thus influencing the susceptibility to metabolic disorders. Regarding lipid metabolism during the first two trimesters of pregnancy, the maternal body accumulates fat, whereas in late pregnancy, the lipolytic activity in the maternal adipose tissue is increased. However, an excess or deficiency of certain fatty acids may lead to adverse consequences to the fetuses and newborns. Fetal exposure to trans fatty acids appears to promote early deleterious effects in the offspring's health, thereby increasing the individual risk for developing metabolic diseases throughout life. Similarly, the maternal intake of saturated fatty acids seems to trigger alterations in the liver and adipose tissue function associated with insulin resistance and diabetes. The polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), particularly long-chain PUFAs (long-chain PUFA-arachidonic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid), play an important and beneficial physiologic role in the offspring who receive this fatty acid during critical periods of development. Therefore, the maternal nutritional condition and fatty acid intake during pregnancy and/or lactation are critical factors that are strongly associated with normal fetal and postnatal development, which influence the modifications in fetal programming and in the individual risk for developing metabolic diseases throughout life. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus present an accumulation of cardiovascular risk factors at age 46-A birth cohort study$$$ Introduction: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is globally increasing, and it has been associated with later type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, long-term population-based studies investigating common CVD risk factors years after pregnancy are lacking. To evaluate the future mortality and morbidity in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, we conducted a thorough investigation of midlife risk factors in women with and without previous GDM. Material and Methods: A prospective population-based cohort study was conducted of 3173 parous women from the Northern Finland Birth Cohort, 1966. Subjects were obtained from the national register or patient records. Those with a GDM diagnosis formed the GDM cohort (n = 271), and those without a previous GDM diagnosis formed the control cohort (n = 2902). Clinical examinations were performed on participants at the age of 46 and included anthropometric measurements, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), biochemical measurements, and cardiovascular assessment. Results: At the age of 46, women in the GDM cohort had a higher body mass index (BMI, 29.0 kg/m(2) vs 26.3 kg/m(2), p < 0.001) and greater waist circumference (94.1 cm vs 86.5 cm, p < 0.001) than the control cohort. In the GDM cohort, a higher incidence of impaired glucose tolerance (12.6% vs 7.3%, p = 0.002), more previously diagnosed and OGTT-detected type 2 diabetes (23.3% vs 3.9%, p < 0.001), lower high-density lipoprotein (1.53 mmol/L vs 1.67 mmol/L, p = 0.011), higher triglycerides (1.26 mmol/L vs 1.05 mmol/L, p = 0.002) and a higher fatty liver index (6.82 vs 2.47, p < 0.001), were observed even after adjusting for BMI, polycystic ovary syndrome, parity, level of education, physical activity, smoking, and alcohol consumption. The women in the GDM cohort also had more MetS (42.6% vs 21.9%, p < 0.001) and higher risk scores for CVD and fatal events (Framingham 4.95 vs 3.60, p < 0.001; FINRISK 1.71 vs 1.08, p < 0.001). Conclusions: Women with a previous diagnosis of GDM exhibit more risk factors for CVD in midlife and are at a higher risk for cardiovascular events later in life.
Gestational Cd Exposure in the CD-1 Mouse Induces Sex-Specific Hepatic Insulin Insensitivity, Obesity, and Metabolic Syndrome in Adult Female Offspring$$$ There is compelling evidence that developmental exposure to toxic metals increases risk for obesity and obesity-related morbidity including cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. To explore the hypothesis that developmental Cd exposure increases risk of obesity later in life, male, and female CD-1 mice were maternally exposed to 500 ppb CdCl2 in drinking water during a human gestational equivalent period (gestational day 0-postnatal day 10 [GD0-PND10]). Hallmark indicators of metabolic disruption, hepatic steatosis, and metabolic syndrome were evaluated prior to birth through adulthood. Maternal blood Cd levels were similar to those observed in human pregnancy cohorts, and Cd was undetected in adult offspring. There were no observed impacts of exposure on dams or pregnancy-related outcomes. Results of glucose and insulin tolerance testing revealed that Cd exposure impaired offspring glucose homeostasis on PND42. Exposure-related increases in circulating triglycerides and hepatic steatosis were apparent only in females. By PND120, Cd-exposed females were 30% heavier with 700% more perigonadal fat than unexposed control females. There was no evidence of dyslipidemia, steatosis, increased weight gain, nor increased adiposity in Cd-exposed male offspring. Hepatic transcriptome analysis on PND1, PND21, and PND42 revealed evidence for female-specific increases in oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction with significant early disruption of retinoic acid signaling and altered insulin receptor signaling consistent with hepatic insulin sensitivity in adult females. The observed steatosis and metabolic syndrome-like phenotypes resulting from exposure to 500 ppb CdCl2 during the pre- and perinatal period of development equivalent to human gestation indicate that Cd acts developmentally as a sex-specific delayed obesogen.
Metal Exposure during Early Pregnancy and Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Mixture Effect and Mediation by Phospholipid Fatty Acids$$$ Despite existing studies exploring the association between metal exposure and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), most of them have focused on a single metal or a small mixture of metals. Our prospective work investigated the joint and independent effects of early gestational exposure to 17 essential and nonessential metals on the GDM risk and potential mediation by plasma phospholipid fatty acids (PLFAs) based on a nested case-control study established with 335 GDM cases and 670 randomly matched healthy controls. The Bayesian kernel machine regression (BKMR) and quantile g-computation analyses demonstrated a joint effect from metal co-exposure on GDM risk. BKMR with hierarchical variable selection indicated that the group of essential metals was more strongly associated with GDM than the group of nonessential metals with group posterior inclusion probabilities (PIPs) of 0.979 and 0.672, respectively. Cu (0.988) and Ga (0.570) had the largest conditional PIPs within each group. We also observed significant mediation effects of selected unsaturated PLFAs on Cu-GDM and Ga-GDM associations. KEGG enrichment analysis further revealed significant enrichment in the biosynthesis of unsaturated PLFAs. C18:1 n-7 exhibited the largest proportion of mediation in both associations (23.8 and 22.9%). Collectively, our work demonstrated the joint effect of early gestational metal exposure on GDM risk and identified Cu and Ga as the key species to the joint effect. The findings lay a solid ground for further validation through multicenter investigations and mechanism exploration via laboratory studies.
Metabolic profiling of gestational diabetes in obese women during pregnancy$$$ Aims/hypothesis Antenatal obesity and associated gestational diabetes (GDM) are increasing worldwide. While pre-existing insulin resistance is implicated in GDM in obese women, the responsible metabolic pathways remain poorly described. Our aim was to compare metabolic profiles in blood of obese pregnant women with and without GDM 10 weeks prior to and at the time of diagnosis by OGTT. Methods We investigated 646 women, of whom 198 developed GDM, in this prospective cohort study, a secondary analysis of UK Pregnancies Better Eating and Activity Trial (UPBEAT), a multicentre randomised controlled trial of a complex lifestyle intervention in obese pregnant women. Multivariate regression analyses adjusted for multiple testing, and accounting for appropriate confounders including study intervention, were performed to compare obese women with GDM with obese non-GDM women. We measured 163 analytes in serum, plasma or whole blood, including 147 from a targeted NMR metabolome, at time point 1 (mean gestational age 17 weeks 0 days) and time point 2 (mean gestational age 27 weeks 5 days, at time of OGTT) and compared them between groups. Results Multiple significant differences were observed in women who developed GDMcompared with women without GDM (false discovery rate corrected p values < 0.05). Most were evident prior to diagnosis. Women with GDM demonstrated raised lipids and lipoprotein constituents in VLDL subclasses, greater triacylglycerol enrichment across lipoprotein particles, higher branched-chain and aromatic amino acids and different fatty acid, ketone body, adipokine, liver and inflammatory marker profiles compared with those without GDM. Conclusions/interpretation Among obese pregnant women, differences in metabolic profile, including exaggerated dyslipidaemia, are evident at least 10 weeks prior to a diagnosis of GDM in the late second trimester.
NAFLD at the Interface of the Mother-Infant Dyad$$$ This review aims to focus the links existing between several aspects of the mother-child dyad in the intricate playground of obesity and Metabolic Syndrome (MetS), including its hepatic component, the Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD). In recent years human and animal model studies have shown that dietary interventions in mothers and offspring can be successful in reducing the risk of NAFLD development. Evidences also concern the new concept of a real intergenerational transmission of predisposition to metabolic disorders. Certain genes, such as SIRT1 and PNPLA3, and some epigenetic modifications, including micro RNAs function, seem to be responsible for fetal reprogramming in the setting of maternal obesity. These modifiers appear to be potential therapeutic targets to reduce the risk of future metabolic dysfunctions. Controlling antepartum hyperglycemia, preventing gestational diabetes, and avoiding excessive weight gain during pregnancy can help reduce the relentless epidemic of childhood obesity and NAFLD. Also, the composition of the intestinal microbiota seems to be related to the development of metabolic disorders in the offspring. Several studies show that breastfed infants have a microbial signature different :from formula-fed infants. Much interestingly, prolonged breastfeeding is beneficial not only for the newborn and his health in adult life, but also for the mothers' health. Maternal benefits include reducing the risk of developing chronic diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, myocardial infarction and NAFLD as well. In conclusion, all above mechanisms appear to intervene synergistically and may act as modifiable risk factors for infant and mother NAFLD.
n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Decrease Long-Term Diabetic Risk of Offspring of Gestational Diabetes Rats by Postponing Shortening of Hepatic Telomeres and Modulating Liver Metabolism$$$ The long-term influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on offspring and the effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) on GDM offspring are poorly understood. We studied the long-term diabetic risk in GDM offspring and evaluated the effect of n-3 PUFA intervention. Healthy offspring rats were fed standard diet (soybean oil) after weaning. GDM offspring were divided into three groups: GDM offspring (soybean oil), n-3 PUFA adequate offspring (fish oil), and n-3 PUFA deficient offspring (safflower oil), fed up to 11 months old. The diabetic risk of GDM offspring gradually increased from no change at weaning to obvious impaired glucose and insulin tolerance at 11 months old. n-3 PUFA decreased oxidative stress and inflammation in the liver of older GDM offspring. There was a differential effect of n-3 PUFA and n-6 PUFA on hepatic telomere length in GDM offspring. Non-targeted metabolomics showed that n-3 PUFA played a modulating role in the liver, in which numerous metabolites and metabolic pathways were altered when GDM offspring grew to old age. Many metabolites were related to diabetes risk, such as alpha-linolenic acid, palmitic acid, ceramide, oxaloacetic acid, tocotrienol, tetrahydro-11-deoxycortisol, andniacinamide. In summary, GDM offspring exhibited obvious diabetes risk at old age, whereas n-3 PUFA decreased this risk.
Lean maternal hyperglycemia alters offspring lipid metabolism and susceptibility to diet-induced obesity in mice$$$ We previously developed a model of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in which dams exhibit glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and reduced insulin response to glucose challenge only during pregnancy, without accompanying obesity. Here, we aimed to determine how lean gestational glucose intolerance affects offspring risk of metabolic dysfunction. One cohort of offspring was sacrificed at 19 weeks, and one at 31 weeks, with half of the second cohort placed on a high-fat, high-sucrose diet (HFHS) at 23 weeks. Exposure to maternal glucose intolerance increased weights of HFHS-fed offspring. Chow-fed offspring of GDM dams exhibited higher body fat percentages at 4, 12, and 20 weeks of age. At 28 weeks, offspring of GDM dams fed the HFHS but not the chow diet (CD) also had higher body fat percentages than offspring of controls (CON). Exposure to GDM increased the respiratory quotient (Vol CO2/Vol O-2) in offspring. Maternal GDM increased adipose mRNA levels of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (Pparg) and adiponectin (Adipoq) in 31-week-old CD-fed male offspring, and increased mRNA levels of insulin receptor (Insr) and lipoprotein lipase (Lpl) in 31-week-old male offspring on both diets. In liver at 31 weeks, mRNA levels of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (Ppara) were elevated in CD-fed male offspring of GDM dams, and male offspring of GDM dams exhibited higher mRNA levels of Insr on both diets. Neither fasting insulin nor glucose tolerance was affected by exposure to GDM. Our findings show that GDM comprising glucose intolerance only during pregnancy programs increased adiposity in offspring, and suggests increased insulin sensitivity of subcutaneous adipose tissue. Glucose intolerance in a lean model of GDM results in offspring with increased lipid storage mediated by insulin sensitive adipose tissue and decreased lipid energy utilization.
The Effect of Bariatric Surgeries on Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease$$$ Objective: A review of published data addressing hepatic histopathological, metabolical, and functional changes following gastric banding, sleeve gastrectomy, gastric bypass surgery, and biliopancreatic with duodenal switch surgeries on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). NAFLD is currently the most common chronic liver disease. Owing to the strong relationship between obesity and NAFLD, the idea of weight reduction as a method to treat NAFLD has rapidly emerged. Bariatric surgery has proved to be the most efficient method for weight reduction; hence, their beneficial effects on NAFLD have been evaluated by several studies. A literature review of published data was performed during the years 2012-2014 using PubMed with the following key words: Bariatric, NAFLD, steatosis, sleeve gastrectomy, gastric bypass, gastric banding, biliopancreatic diversion with duodenal switch, obesity, and insulin resistance (IR). Exclusion criteria were non-English articles and inherited NAFLD, pregnancy-induced NAFLD, and children. The majority of published data are in favor of indicating that bariatric surgeries improve the histologic and metabolic changes associated with NAFLD. The suggested mechanisms are: The reversal of IR, reduction of inflammatory markers, and improved histological features of NAFLD. Accordingly, bariatric surgeries are potentially one of the future methods in treating patients with morbid obesity and NAFLD. However, some questions remain unanswered, such as whether timing of surgery, type of surgery most effective, and whether bariatric surgeries are capable of curing the disease. Long-term and well-designed prospective studies are needed to address these issues.
Fatty Liver Index Predicts Further Metabolic Deteriorations in Women with Previous Gestational Diabetes$$$ Background and Aims: Determinants of fatty liver (FL) might be predictive for further deterioration in insulin resistance (IR) in women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM). The aim was to evaluate the association between pGDM, FL and future manifestation of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) by a detailed pathophysiological characterization early after pregnancy. Methods: 68 pGDM and 29 healthy controls were included 3-6 months after delivery and underwent specific metabolic assessments: status of IR was determined via oral-and intravenous-glucose-tolerance-tests with analysis of proinflammatory factors and kinetics of free-fatty-acids (FFA). According to the fatty-liver-index (FLI), pGDMs were categorized into three groups with low (FLI <= 20), intermediate (20 <= FLI<60) and high (FLI >= 60) risk for FL to assess differences in metabolic parameters at baseline as well as in the 10-year incidence for T2DM. Accuracy of FLI was proven with 1H-magneticresonance-spectroscopy. Results: FL was strongly associated with IR in pGDM. pGDM with FLI >= 60 showed significantly increased interleukin-6, plasminogen-activator-inhibitor-1, tissue-plasminogen-activator, fibrinogen and increased ultrasensitive-C-reactive-protein compared to the low risk group (FLI <= 20). Analysis of FFA indicated a less pronounced decrease of plasma FFA levels during the oral-glucose-tolerance-test in subjects with FLI >= 60. History of GDM plus FLI >= 60 conferred a high risk for the manifestation of diabetes over 10 years of observation as compared to pGDMs with FLI <= 20 (HR:7.85, Cl:2.02-30.5, p = 0.003). Conclusion: FL is closely linked to GDM, especially to IR and inflammation. Most interestingly, subjects with the highest FLI values showed significant alterations in FFA kinetics and a higher risk to develop T2DM in future.
Exploring new treatment options for polycystic ovary syndrome: Review of a novel antidiabetic agent SGLT2 inhibitor$$$ Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinopathy in women of reproductive age associated with long-term metabolic and cardiovascular consequences. A plethora of symptoms and their severity differentiate on an individual level, giving the syndrome numerous phenotypes. Due to menstrual cycle abnormalities, women suffer from irregular menstrual bleeding, difficulty in conception, and infertility. Furthermore, the risk of pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and preterm birth are higher in women with PCOS than in the general population. Often, women with PCOS have comorbidities such as dyslipidemia, obesity, glucose intolerance or diabetes type 2, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and metabolic syndrome, which all influence the treatment plan. Historic insulin-sensitizing agents, although good for some of the metabolic derangements, do not offer long-term cardiovascular benefits; therefore, new treatment options are of paramount importance. Sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 (SGLT-2) inhibitors, a new class of antidiabetic agents with beneficial cardiovascular, bodyweight, and antihyperglycemic effects, although not approved for the treatment of PCOS, might be an attractive therapeutic addition in the PCOS armamentarium. Namely, recent studies with SGLT-2 inhibitors showed promising improvements in anthropometric parameters and body composition in patients with PCOS. It is important to further explore the SGLT-2 inhibitors potential as an early therapeutic option because of the PCOS-related risk of metabolic, reproductive, and psychological consequences.
Developmental Programming by Maternal Insulin Resistance: Hyperinsulinemia, Glucose Intolerance, and Dysregulated Lipid Metabolism in Male Offspring of Insulin-Resistant Mice$$$ Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with obesity and diabetes risk in offspring. We tested whether maternal insulin resistance, which frequently coexists with GDM and obesity, could independently contribute to dysregulation of offspring metabolism. Female mice haploinsufficient for insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS1-het) are hyperinsulinemic and insulin resistant during pregnancy, despite normal plasma glucose and body weight, and thus serve as a model of isolated maternal insulin resistance. Wild-type (WT) offspring of IRS1-het dams insulin resistance-exposed [IR-exposed] were compared with WT offspring of WT dams. Despite no differences in adiposity, male IR-exposed pups were glucose intolerant (P = 0.04) and hyperinsulinemic (1.3-fold increase, P = 0.02) by 1 month of age and developed progressive fasting hyperglycemia. Moreover, male IR-exposed pups challenged with high-fat diet exhibited insulin resistance. Liver lipidomic analysis of 3-week-old IR-exposed males revealed increases in the 16:1n7 fraction of several lipid classes, suggesting increased Scd1 activity. By 6 months of age, IR-exposed males had increased lipid accumulation in liver as well as increased plasma refed fatty acids, consistent with disrupted lipid metabolism. Our results indicate that isolated maternal insulin resistance, even in the absence of hyperglycemia or obesity, can promote metabolic perturbations in male offspring.
Altered expression of long noncoding RNA MEG3 in the offspring of gestational diabetes mellitus induces impaired glucose tolerance in adulthood$$$ AimGestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects a significant number of women worldwide and has been associated with lifelong health consequences for their offspring, including increased susceptibility to obesity, insulin resistance, and type II diabetes. Recent studies have suggested that aberrant expression of the long non-coding RNA Meg3 in the liver may contribute to impaired glucose metabolism in individuals. In this study, we aimed to investigate whether intrauterine exposure to hyperglycemia affects glucose intolerance in puberty by mediating the overexpression of LncMeg3 in the liver.MethodsTo test our hypothesis, we established an animal model of intrauterine hyperglycemia to mimic GDM. The progeny was observed for phenotypic changes, and intraperitoneal glucose tolerance tests, insulin tolerance tests, and pyruvate tolerance tests were conducted to assess glucose and insulin tolerance. We also measured LncMeg3 expression in the liver using real-time quantitative PCR and examined differential methylation areas (DMRs) in the Meg3 gene using pyrophosphoric sequencing. To investigate the role of LncMeg3 in glucose tolerance, we conducted Meg3 intervention by vein tail and analyzed the changes in the phenotype and transcriptome of the progeny using bioinformatics analysis.ResultsWe found that intrauterine exposure to hyperglycemia led to impaired glucose and insulin tolerance in the progeny, with a tendency toward increased fasting blood glucose in fat offspring at 16 weeks (P = 0.0004). LncMeg3 expression was significantly upregulated (P = 0.0061), DNMT3B expression downregulated (P = 0.0226), and DNMT3A (P = 0.0026), TET2 (P = 0.0180) expression upregulated in the liver. Pyrophosphoric sequencing showed hypomethylation in Meg3-DMRs (P = 0.0005). Meg3 intervention by vein tail led to a decrease in the percentage of obese and emaciated offspring (emaciation: 44% vs. 23%; obesity: 25% vs. 15%) and attenuated glucose intolerance. Bioinformatics analysis revealed significant differences in the transcriptome of the progeny, particularly in circadian rhythm and PPAR signaling pathways.ConclusionIn conclusion, our study suggests that hypomethylation of Meg3-DMRs increases the expression of the imprinted gene Meg3 in the liver of males, which is associated with impaired glucose tolerance in GDM-F1. MEG3 interference may attenuate glucose intolerance, which may be related to transcriptional changes. Our findings provide new insights into the mechanisms underlying the long-term effects of intrauterine hyperglycemia on progeny health and highlight the potential of Meg3 as an intervention target for glucose intolerance.
Elevated Hepatic Steatosis Index is Associated with the Development of Adverse Maternal, but Not Adverse Neonatal, Outcomes: A Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Objective: To determine whether an elevated hepatic steatosis index (HSI), a non-invasive test for possible metabolic dysfunction -associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), is associated with the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Material and Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted on adult women with singleton pregnancies who delivered at two tertiary hospitals from August 2014 to December 2017. Aspartate aminotransaminase (AST) and alanine aminotransaminase (ALT) levels obtained 12 months pre-gravid, or during pregnancy but prior to screening for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), were extracted and linked with oral glucose tolerance test results. The HSI was calculated using the following equation: 8 x (ALT/AST ratio) + BMI (+2 if female; +2 if diabetes mellitus present) and considered elevated if >36. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to quantify the association between elevated HSI and each composite adverse pregnancy outcome after adjusting for independent maternal risk factors. Results: Over 40-months, 11929 women were eligible and of these, 1885 had liver enzymes collected. Women with an elevated HSI (>36) were more likely multiparous and overweight/obese compared to those women with a non-elevated HSI (<= 36). Elevated HSI was significantly associated with a composite of adverse maternal outcomes (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 1.55 95% CI 1.11-2.17, p=0.01), although a non-significant increased risk of a composite of adverse neonatal outcomes occurred after multivariable adjustment (aOR 1.17, 95% CI 0.94-1.45, p=0.17). Conclusion: Over and above known maternal risk factors, women with elevated HSI were more likely to develop adverse maternal, but not adverse neonatal outcomes.
Do inositol supplements enhance phosphatidylinositol supply and thus support endoplasmic reticulum function?$$$ This review attempts to explain why consuming extra myoinositol (Ins), an essential component of membrane phospholipids, is often beneficial for patients with conditions characterised by insulin resistance, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress. For decades we assumed that most human diets provide an adequate Ins supply, but newer evidence suggests that increasing Ins intake ameliorates several disorders, including polycystic ovary syndrome, gestational diabetes, metabolic syndrome, poor sperm development and retinopathy of prematurity. Proposed explanations often suggest functional enhancement of minor facets of Ins Biology such as insulin signalling through putative inositol-containing 'mediators', but offer no explanation for this selectivity. It is more likely that eating extra Ins corrects a deficiency of an abundant Ins-containing cell constituent, probably phosphatidylinositol (PtdIns). Much of a cell's PtdIns is in ER membranes, and an increase in ER membrane synthesis, enhancing the ER's functional capacity, is often an important part of cell responses to ER stress. This review: (a) reinterprets historical information on Ins deficiency as describing a set of events involving a failure of cells adequately to adapt to ER stress; (b) proposes that in the conditions that respond to dietary Ins there is an overstretching of Ins reserves that limits the stressed ER's ability to make the 'extra' PtdIns needed for ER membrane expansion; and (c) suggests that eating Ins supplements increases the Ins supply to Ins-deficient and ER-stressed cells, allowing them to make more PtdIns and to expand the ER membrane system and sustain ER functions.
Maternal high-fat intake during pregnancy programs metabolic-syndrome-related phenotypes through liver mitochondrial DNA copy number and transcriptional activity of liver <i>PPARGC1A</i>$$$ In this study, we contrasted the hypothesis that maternal diet during pregnancy has an impact on fetal metabolic programming through changes in liver mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) content and transcriptional activity of Ppargc1a and that these effects are sex specific. Methods: Rats were fed either high-fat (HFD) or standard chow diet (SCD) during gestation and lactation. The resulting adult male and female offspring were fed either NED or SCD for an 18-week period, generating eight experimental groups. Results: Maternal HFD feeding during pregnancy is associated with a decreased liver mtDNA copy number (P<.008). This effect was independent of the offspring sex or diet, and was significantly associated with fatty liver when dams were fed NED (P<.05, adjusted by homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, HOMA-IR). We also found that maternal HFD feeding results in a male-specific significant reduction of the liver abundance of Ppargc1a mRNA (P<.004), which significantly impacted peripheral insulin resistance. Liver expression of Ppargc1a was inversely correlated with HOMA-IR (R= -0.53, P<.0003). Only male offspring exposed to a chronic metabolic insult in adult life were insulin resistant and hyperleptinemic, and showed abnormal liver and abdominal fat accumulation. Liver abundance of Tfam, Nrf1, Hnf4a, Pepck and Ppparg mRNA was not associated with maternal programming. In conclusion, maternal high-fat diet feeding during pregnancy programs liver mtDNA content and the transcriptional activity of Ppargc1a, which strongly modulates, in a sex-specific manner, glucose homeostasis and organ fat accumulation in adult life after exposure to a nutritional insult. (c) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Associations between Circulating SELENOP Level and Disorders of Glucose and Lipid Metabolism: A Meta-Analysis$$$ Selenoprotein P (SELENOP) is an extracellular antioxidant, selenium transporter, and hepatokine interfering with glucose and lipid metabolism. To study the association between the circulating SELENOP concentration and glucose and lipid metabolic diseases (GLMDs), including gestational diabetes (GD), metabolic syndrome (MetS), non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, and type 2 diabetes, as well as the individual markers, a meta-analysis was conducted by searching multiple databases from their establishment through March 2022 and including 27 articles published between October 2010 and May 2021, involving 4033 participants. Participants with GLMDs had higher levels of SELENOP than those without GLMDs (standardized mean difference = 0.84, 95% CI: 0.16 to 1.51), and the SELENOP levels were positively correlated with the markers of GLMDs (pooled effect size = 0.09, 95% CI: 0.02 to 0.15). Subgroup analyses showed that the SELENOP concentrations were higher in women with GD and lower in individuals with MetS than their counterparts, respectively. Moreover, SELENOP was positively correlated with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, but not with the other markers of GLMDs. Thus, the heterogenicity derived from diseases or disease markers should be carefully considered while interpreting the overall positive association between SELENOP and GLMDs. Studies with a larger sample size and advanced design are warranted to confirm these findings.
Exercise performed during pregnancy positively modulates liver metabolism and promotes mitochondrial biogenesis of female offspring in a rat model of diet-induced gestational diabetes$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a high-risk for metabolic complications in offspring. However, exercise is recognized as a non-pharmacological strategy against metabolic disorders and is recom-mended in GDM treatment. This study aimed to investigate whether gestational exercise (GE) could modulate maternal high-fat high-sucrose (HFHS) diet-related hepatic metabolic and mitochondrial outcomes in female offspring of mothers with HFHS-induced GDM.Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed with control or HFHS diet and kept sedentary or submitted to GE. Their female offspring were fed with control diet and kept sedentary. Hepatic lipid accumulation, lipid metabolism regulators, mitochondrial biogenesis and dynamics markers, and microRNAs associated to the regulation of these markers were evaluated.Female offspring of GDM mothers showed increased body weight at early age, whereas GE prevented this effect of maternal HFHS-feeding and reduced hepatic lipid accumulation. GE stimulated hepatic mRNA tran-scription and protein expression of mitochondrial biogenesis markers (peroxisome proliferator-activated recep-tor-gamma co-activator-1alpha and mitochondrial transcription factor A) and mRNA transcription of mitochondrial dynamics markers (mitofusin-1, mitofusin-2, and dynamin-related protein-1) that were altered by maternal GDM, while mitochondrial dynamics markers protein expression was not affected by maternal diet/GE except for optic atrophy-1. MicroRNAs associated with these processes (miR-122, miR-34a, miR-130b, miR-494), and the expression of auto/mitophagy-and apoptosis-related proteins were not substantially influenced by altered intrauterine environment. Our findings suggest that GE is an important regulator of the intrauterine environment positively affecting liver metabolism and promoting liver mitochondrial biogenesis in female offspring despite eventual effects of maternal HFHS-feeding and related GDM.
Maternal weight and gestational diabetes impacts on child health$$$ Purpose of review To review recent evidence linking maternal body mass index and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with offspring health outcomes. Recent findings It is now established that the rising prevalences of maternal obesity and GDM are both making substantial contributions to the growing burden of childhood obesity and associated disorders. Strengthening evidence also links maternal obesity with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, lower respiratory tract infections during infancy, wheezing illnesses, asthma and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder during childhood, and with higher risks of psychiatric disorders and colorectal cancer in adulthood. GDM has been associated with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, childhood wheeze/asthma (but not allergic sensitization), and with high refractive error, attention deficit hyperactivity and psychiatric disorders from childhood onwards. The long-term consequences of maternal obesity and GDM for the offspring in childhood and later adult life present major challenges for public health across the life course and for future generations. Tackling these challenges requires a systems-based approach to support achieving a healthy weight in young people prior to conception, alongside new insights into population based preventive measures against gestational diabetes.
The Origins of NAFLD: The Potential Implication of Intrauterine Life and Early Postnatal Period$$$ Fetal life and the first few months after birth represent a plastic age, defined as a "window of opportunity", as the organism is particularly susceptible to environmental pressures and has to adapt to environmental conditions. Several perturbations in pregnancy, such as excessive weight gain, obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus and an inadequate or high-fat diet, have been associated with long-term metabolic consequences in offspring, even without affecting birth weight. Moreover, great interest has also been focused on the relationship between the gut microbiome of early infants and health status in later life. Consistently, in various epidemiological studies, a condition of dysbiosis has been associated with an increased inflammatory response and metabolic alterations in the host, with important consequences on the intestinal and systemic health of the unborn child. This review aims to summarize the current knowledge on the origins of NAFLD, with particular attention to the potential implications of intrauterine life and the early postnatal period. Due to the well-known association between gut microbiota and the risk of NAFLD, a specific focus will be devoted to factors affecting early microbiota formation/composition.
Placenta-Derived Osteoprotegerin Is Required for Glucose Homeostasis in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus$$$ Osteoprotegerin (OPG) is involved in various biological processes, including bone remodeling, vascular calcification and pancreatic beta-cell function. Although some clinical studies have shown an increase in serum OPG level during pregnancy, the role of OPG in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is largely unknown. Therefore, we explored the effect of OPG in metabolic homeostasis during pregnancy. We initially evaluated serum OPG levels using ELISA and western blotting techniques on samples from GDM patients. We also assessed OPG expression levels in maternal mice. We then used blastocysts transduced with lentiviruses capable of trophoblast-specific transgene expression to establish placenta-specific OPG knockdown or overexpression mouse models for functional and mechanistic investigation after embryo transplantation. We found that OPG expression was positively associated with GDM in clinical samples, and OPG levels were significantly increased in GDM patient sera and term placenta. Serum OPG was significantly increased in maternal compared to non-pregnant mice, and expression levels of OPG were the highest in placenta compared with other organs, including bone, liver and pancreas. OPG was also significantly increased in pregnant mice fed a high-fat diet (HFD). Placenta-specific OPG knockdown induced glucose intolerance, decreased beta-cell proliferation and decreased serum insulin levels, whereas placenta-specific OPG overexpression promoted glucose tolerance and enhanced beta-cell proliferation, which increased serum insulin production and decreased fetal weight in HFD-feeding pregnant mice. Placenta-derived OPG (pl-OPG) regulated glucose homeostasis during pregnancy via enhancement of beta-cell proliferation, which suggests a potential therapeutic application of OPG for GDM.
Management of obesity in pregnancy$$$ Maternal pregravid obesity is a significant risk factor for adverse outcomes during pregnancy. In early pregnancy there is an increased risk of spontaneous abortion and congenital anomalies. in later gestation maternal metabolic manifestations of the metabolic syndrome, such as gestational hypertensive disorders and diabetes, become clinically recognized because of the increased insulin resistance in obese compared with nonobese women. In women with pregestational glucose intolerance, hypertension, central obesity, and lipid disorders, the physiologic changes in pregnancy increase the risk of problems previously not routinely encountered during pregnancy. These include chronic cardiac dysfunction, proteinuria, sleep apnea, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. At parturition the obese patient is at an increased risk of cesarean delivery and associated complications of anesthesia, wound disruption, infection, and deep venous thrombophlebitis. For the fetus there are short-term risks of fetal macrosomia, more specifically obesity, and long-term risks of adolescent components of the metabolic syndrome. Although preliminary results of bariatric surgery are encouraging, the procedure is expensive and not for all obese women, and we recognize that long-term follow-up data on offspring of obese women who have undergone bariatric surgery before pregnancy are lacking. In the interim, we need to encourage obese women to lose weight before conception, using lifestyle changes if possible. During pregnancy, weight gain should be limited to Institute of Medicine guidelines (currently under review) and encouragement given for physical activity.
Berberine Ameliorates Insulin Resistance by Inhibiting IKK/NF-κB, JNK, and IRS-1/AKT Signaling Pathway in Liver of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Rats$$$ Introduction: Berberine is derived from rhizoma coptidis, a well-known Traditional Chinese herbal Medicine that has been found to be effective in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus in recent years. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of berberine on a gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) rat model and the related mechanisms.Methods: GDM was induced in Sprague-Dawley rats using a high-fat diet before and during pregnancy. Berberine (100 mg/kg/day) was administered from the 7th to 20th day of pregnancy. Insulin resistance (IR), glucose tolerance, and maternal, fetal, and placental weight were determined. Liver histopathological analysis, as well as analysis of C-reactive protein (CRP), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), inhibitor kappa B kinase beta (IKK beta), nuclear factor kappa-B (NF-kappa B), c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK), insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1), and protein kinase B (AKT), was performed at the end of pregnancy.Results: Treatment of GDM rats with berberine markedly decreased IR, the number of dead and absorptive fetuses, maternal body weight gain, and fetal and placental weight compared with GDM without berberine. Furthermore, berberine decreased CRP and TNF-alpha levels, IKK beta expression, NF-kappa B P65 nuclear translocation, and changed the phosphorylation of JNK, IRS-1, and AKT in the liver of GDM rats.Conclusions: Berberine improved IR and maternal-fetal outcomes of GDM rats, possibly through modulation of IKK/NF-kappa B, JNK, and IRS-1/AKT signaling pathways in the liver. Therefore, berberine may be a potential GDM treatment.
Gestational diabetes associatedwith a novelmutation (378-379insTT) in the glycerol kinase gene$$$ Glycerol kinase deficiency (GKD) is an X-linked inborn error of metabolism at the interface of fat and carbohydrate metabolism. We report a male patient with GKD and a novel insertion of TT in exon 5 at position 378 of the GK cDNA (378-379insTT). This resulted in a premature stop codon and 0.8% normal GK activity. The mother is a carrier for this mutation and had gestational diabetes requiring insulin during this pregnancy but not in her previous pregnancy. Given the association between GKD and type 2 diabetes mellitus, it is interesting that the mother had gestational diabetes while carrying an affected fetus. Therefore, GKD is another disease where there may be a maternal-fetal interaction based on genotype. Further investigations may help elucidate the role of GKD in the carrier mother's gestational diabetes. In addition, these studies will provide better-informed counseling to families with GKD regarding the risk to carrier females. (C) 2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Maternal Weight Intervention in the Perinatal Period Improves Liver Health in the Offspring of Mothers with Obesity$$$ Early-life exposure to maternal obesity predisposes offspring to metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). This study aimed to determine if peripartum weight loss, either through dietary intervention or pharmacological intervention, improved adverse liver health outcomes in the offspring of mothers with obesity. C57Bl/6 dams were fed a chow diet or a high-fat diet (HFD) for 8 weeks. HFD-fed mice either continued HFD, transitioned to a chow diet, or were administered liraglutide for 4 weeks. Pregnancy was induced following a one-week washout of liraglutide during which all animals remained on their respective diets. A proportion of HFD-fed mice transitioned to a chow diet during pregnancy. All offspring were weaned to the HFD. Offspring anthropometric, metabolic, and hepatic outcomes were assessed at postnatal week 12. The offspring of mothers with obesity had phenotypic changes consistent with MAFLD. The offspring of mothers that had weight loss with perinatal dietary intervention had reduced insulin resistance (p < 0.001) and hepatic expression of markers of inflammation (p < 0.001), oxidative stress (p < 0.05), and fibrosis (p < 0.05). A similar phenotype was observed in the offspring of mothers with pre-pregnancy weight loss via liraglutide despite ongoing consumption of the HFD during pregnancy. All methods and timing of maternal weight intervention were effective at ameliorating adverse liver effects in the offspring.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is a risk factor for large-for-gestational-age birthweight$$$ Objective Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a well-recognized hepatic manifestation of metabolic disease in adults and has been associated with the development of gestational diabetes (GDM). Hepatic insulin resistance can result in increased release of glucose (from gluconeogenesis) and free fatty acids (due to enhanced lipolysis), which can lead in turn to fetal overgrowth. However, the relationship between maternal metabolic factors (such as circulating levels of triglycerides, free fatty acids [FFA], or adipokines) and excessive fetal birthweight in NAFLD has not been carefully examined. In this study, we evaluated the relationship between NAFLD and the subsequent risk of large-for-gestational-age (LGA) birthweight. Method Singleton nondiabetic pregnant women were evaluated for the presence of fatty liver at 10-14 weeks of gestation by abdominal ultrasound. The degree of fatty liver was classified as Grade 0-3 steatosis. At the time of liver ultrasound, maternal blood was taken after fasting and measured for adiponectin and FFA. LGA was defined as birthweight >90th percentile for gestational age. Results A total of 623 women were included in the analysis. The frequency of LGA was 10.9% (68/623), and the frequency of NAFLD was 18.9%. The risk of LGA increased significantly in patients with Grade 2-3 steatosis in the first trimester. The relationship between Grade 2-3 steatosis and LGA remained significant after adjustment for maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI, GDM, and maternal serum triglyceride levels. The concentration of maternal blood adiponectin at 10-14 weeks was significantly lower in cases with LGA than non-LGA, but the maternal blood FFA concentrations were not different between the groups. Conclusion The presence of Grade 2-3 steatosis on ultrasound in early pregnancy was associated with the increased risk of delivering an LGA infant, even after adjustment for multiple confounding factors including GDM. Adiponectin may be the linking biomarker between NAFLD and LGA.
Hepatic Epigenetic Reprogramming After Liver Resection in Offspring Alleviates the Effects of Maternal Obesity$$$ Obesity has become a public health problem in recent decades, and during pregnancy, it can lead to an increased risk of gestational complications and permanent changes in the offspring resulting from a process known as metabolic programming. The offspring of obese dams are at increased risk of developing non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), even in the absence of high-fat diet consumption. NAFLD is a chronic fatty liver disease that can progress to extremely severe conditions that require surgical intervention with the removal of the injured tissue. Liver regeneration is necessary to preserve organ function. A range of pathways is activated in the liver regeneration process, including the Hippo, TGF beta, and AMPK signaling pathways that are under epigenetic control. We investigated whether microRNA modulation in the liver of the offspring of obese dams would impact gene expression of Hippo, TGF beta, and AMPK pathways and tissue regeneration after partial hepatectomy (PHx). Female Swiss mice fed a standard chow or a high-fat diet (HFD) before and during pregnancy and lactation were mated with male control mice. The offspring from control (CT-O) and obese (HF-O) dams weaned to standard chow diet until day 56 were submitted to PHx surgery. Prior to the surgery, HF-O presented alterations in miR-122, miR-370, and Let-7a expression in the liver compared to CT-O, as previously shown, as well as in its target genes involved in liver regeneration. However, after the PHx (4 h or 48 h post-surgery), differences in gene expression between CT-O and HF-O were suppressed, as well as in microRNA expression in the liver. Furthermore, both CT-O and HF-O presented a similar regenerative capacity of the liver within 48 h after PHx. Our results suggest that survival and regenerative mechanisms induced by the partial hepatectomy may overcome the epigenetic changes in the liver of offspring programmed by maternal obesity.
Exposure to maternal fuels during pregnancy and offspring hepatic fat in early childhood: The healthy start study$$$ Background: Intrauterine overnutrition has been associated with paediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), but the exact mechanisms involved remain unclear. Objective: To examine whether maternal fuels and metabolic markers during pregnancy are associated with offspring hepatic fat in childhood. Methods: This analysis included 286 mother-child pairs from the Healthy Start Study, a longitudinal pre-birth cohort in Colorado. Fasting blood draws were collected in early pregnancy (similar to 17 weeks) and mid-pregnancy (similar to 27 weeks). Offspring hepatic fat was assessed by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) at similar to 5 years. Results: In early pregnancy, maternal triglycerides (TGs) and free fatty acids (FFAs) were positively associated with offspring hepatic fat [Back-transformed beta (95% CI): 1.15 (1.05, 1.27) per 1 standard deviation (SD) TGs; 1.14 (1.05, 1.23) per 1 SD FFAs]. Maternal total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were also associated with offspring hepatic fat, but only among boys [1.22 (1.08, 1.37) per 1 SD TC; 1.21 (1.07, 1.37) per 1 SD LDL-C]. In mid-pregnancy, only maternal TGs remained associated with offspring hepatic fat. Adjusting for potential confounders or mediators did not affect associations. Conclusions: Maternal lipid concentrations, especially in early pregnancy, are associated with higher offspring hepatic fat, and may, therefore, be targeted in future interventions among pregnant women.
Non-coding RNAs: The link between maternal malnutrition and offspring metabolism$$$ Early life nutrition is associated with the development and metabolism in later life, which is known as the Developmental Origin of Health and Diseases (DOHaD). Epigenetics have been proposed as an important explanation for this link between early life malnutrition and long-term diseases. Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) may play a role in this epigenetic programming. The expression of ncRNAs (such as long non-coding RNA H19, microRNA-122, and circular RNA-SETD2) was significantly altered in specific tissues of offspring exposed to maternal malnutrition. Changes in these downstream targets of ncRNAs lead to abnormal development and metabolism. This review aims to summarize the existing knowledge on ncRNAs linking the maternal nutrition condition and offspring metabolic diseases, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2D) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD).
Recurrent pregnancy-induced diabetes insipidus in a woman with hemochromatosis$$$ Diabetes insipidus is a rare disorder in pregnant women, predating pregnancy or appearing for the first time during gestation. In pregnancy it usually affects women with HELLP syndrome or acute fatty liver of pregnancy and results from the reduced hepatic degradation of placental vasopressinase leading to its increased activity. Although infiltrative diseases have been found to cause diabetes insipidus in non-pregnant population, very few studies showed that these disorders may manifest for the first time during gestation. We describe here the case of transient diabetes insipidus in two subsequent pregnancies of a female with hemochromatosis. The first symptoms of this disease appeared for the first time at the beginning of the third trimester of her second pregnancy, and diagnosis was established on the basis of typical clinical presentation, confirmed by a water deprivation test. Diabetes insipidus resulted from the increased activity of vasopressinase, caused by hemochromatosis-induced liver dysfunction, the presence of which was confirmed between the pregnancies by liver biopsy and identification of the FIFE gene mutation. Subsequent desferrioxamine treatment resulted in a less severe clinical course of diabetes insipidus in the last patient's pregnancy. In both pregnancies, the patient was successfully treated with oral desmopressin, which is resistant to degradation by placental vasopressinase. Although unrecognized pituitary disorders may pose a serious health problem to the mother and fetus, hemochromatosis-induced diabetes insipidus, as the case of our patient demonstrates, if effectively diagnosed and treated, cannot be regarded as a contraindication for pregnancy.
Obeticholic acid ameliorates dyslipidemia but not glucose tolerance in mouse model of gestational diabetes$$$ Metabolism alters markedly with advancing gestation, characterized by progressive insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and raised serum bile acids. The nuclear receptor farnesoid X receptor (FXR) has an integral role in bile acid homeostasis and modulates glucose and lipid metabolism. FXR is known to be functionally suppressed in pregnancy. The FXR agonist, obeticholic acid (OCA), improves insulin sensitivity in patients with type 2 diabetes with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. We therefore hypothesized that OCA treatment during pregnancy could improve disease severity in a mouse model of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). C57B1,/6J mice were fed a high-fat diet (HFD; 60% kcal from fat) for 4 wk before and throughout pregnancy to induce GDM. The impact of the diet supplemented with 0.03% OCA throughout pregnancy was studied. Pregnant HFD-fed mice displayed insulin resistance and dyslipidemia. OCA significantly reduced plasma cholesterol concentrations in nonpregnant and pregnant HFD-fed mice (by 22.4%, P < 0.05 and 36.4%. P < 0.001. respectively) and reduced the impact of pregnancy on insulin resistance but did not change glucose tolerance. In nonpregnant HFD-fed mice, OCA ameliorated weight gain, reduced mRNA expression of inflammatory markers in white adipose tissue, and reduced plasma glucagon-like peptide 1 concentrations (by 62.7%. P < 0.01). However. these effects were not evident in pregnant mice. OCA administration can normalize plasma cholesterol levels in a mouse model of GDM. However, the absence of several of the effects of OCA in pregnant mice indicates that the agonistic action of OCA is not sufficient to overcome many metabolic consequences of the pregnancy-associated reduction in FXR activity.
Lactational High Fat Diet in Mice Causes Insulin Resistance and NAFLD in Male Offspring Which Is Partially Rescued by Maternal Metformin Treatment$$$ Maternal metabolic disease and diet during pregnancy and lactation have important implications for the programming of offspring metabolic disease. In addition, high-fat diets during pregnancy and lactation can predispose the offspring to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), a rising health threat in the U.S. We developed a model of maternal high-fat feeding exclusively during the lactation period. We previously showed that offspring from dams, given lactational high-fat diet (HFD), are predisposed to obesity, glucose intolerance, and inflammation. In separate experiments, we also showed that lactational metformin treatment can decrease offspring metabolic risk. The purpose of these studies was to understand the programming implications of lactational HFD on offspring metabolic liver disease risk. Dams were fed a 60% lard-based HFD from the day of delivery through the 21-day lactation period. A subset of dams was also given metformin as a co-treatment. Starting at weaning, the offspring were fed normal fat diet until 3 months of age; at which point, a subset was challenged with an additional HFD stressor. Lactational HFD led male offspring to develop hepatic insulin resistance. The post-weaning HFD challenge led male offspring to progress to NAFLD with more severe outcomes in the lactational HFD-challenged offspring. Co-administration of metformin to lactating dams on HFD partially rescued the offspring liver metabolic defects in males. Lactational HFD or post-weaning HFD had no impact on female offspring who maintained a normal insulin sensitivity and liver phenotype. These findings indicate that HFD, during the lactation period, programs the adult offspring to NAFLD risk in a sexually dimorphic manner. In addition, early life intervention with metformin via maternal exposure may prevent some of the liver programming caused by maternal HFD.
Gestational Diabetes Is Uniquely Associated With Altered Early Seeding of the Infant Gut Microbiota$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a worldwide public health problem affecting up to 27% of pregnancies with high predictive values for childhood obesity and inflammatory diseases. Compromised seeding of the infant gut microbiota is a risk factor for immunologic and metabolic diseases in the offspring; however, how GDM along with maternal obesity interact to alter colonization remains unknown. We hypothesized that GDM individually and in combination with maternal overweight/obesity would alter gut microbial composition, diversity, and short-chain fatty acid (SCFA) levels in neonates. We investigated 46 full-term neonates born to normal-weight or overweight/obese mothers with and without GDM, accounting for confounders including cesarean delivery, lack of breastfeeding, and exposure to antibiotics. Gut microbiota in 2-week-old neonates born to mothers with GDM exhibited differences in abundance of 26 microbial taxa; 14 of which showed persistent differential abundance after adjusting for pre-pregnancy BMI. Key pioneering gut taxa, including potentially important taxa for establishing neonatal immunity, were reduced. Lactobacillus, Flavonifractor, Erysipelotrichaceae, and unspecified families in Gammaproteobacteria were significantly reduced in neonates from mothers with GDM. GDM was associated with an increase in microbes involved in suppressing early immune cell function (Phascolarctobacterium). No differences in infant stool SCFA levels by maternal phenotype were noted; however, significant correlations were found between microbial abundances and SCFA levels in neonates. Our results suggest that GDM alone and together with maternal overweight/obesity uniquely influences seeding of specific infant microbiota in patterns that set the stage for future risk of inflammatory and metabolic disease.
Fibroblast growth factor-21 is a potential diagnostic factor for patients with gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a metabolic disease with symptoms of hyperglycemia, insulin resistance and fetal maldevelopment. Evidence has indicated that fibro-blast growth factor (FGF)-21 is a multifunctional protein and exhibits potential therapeutic value for metabolic diseases. The present study investigated the diagnostic value of FGF-21 serum levels in patients with GDM (n=50) and age-matched healthy individuals (n=50). It was demonstrated that the gene and protein expression levels of FGF-21 were downregulated in adipose cells in patients with GDM compared with those in healthy individuals. The results also indicated that the serum levels of FGF-21 were downregulated in patients with GDM compared with those in healthy individuals. In addition, it was demonstrated that blood glucose and blood pressure were higher in patients with GDM compared with those in healthy individuals. GDM patients had a markedly higher insulin resistance and glucose tolerance than healthy individuals. However, GDM patients had significantly lower serum levels of insulin than healthy individuals. It was observed that the serum levels of FGF-21 were positively correlated with those of glucose in GDM patients. In conclusion, these results indicate that decreased FGF-21 levels are associated with the risk of GDM, suggesting that FGF-21 may be a potential diagnostic factor for GDM.
Fatty liver indices and their association with glucose metabolism in pregnancy - An observational cohort study$$$ Aims: Non-invasive hepatic steatosis indices can be used to assess the risk for metabolic (dysfunction) associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). This may be helpful to detect metabolic disorders in pregnancy, specifically gestational diabetes (GDM). We aim to examine the association of these indices with parameters of glucose metabolism. Methods: 109 women underwent a metabolic characterization at 16 weeks of gestation and were classified according to the fatty-liver index (FLI) and hepaticsteatosis index (HSI) into low (G1), intermediate (G2) and high risk (G3). At 26 weeks, participants received an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) to assess insulin action, beta-cell function and GDM status. Results: Both MAFLD indices were associated with impaired insulin sensitivity and compensatory increase of insulin release. G3 groups showed impaired insulin action. The higher circulating insulin concentrations were not able to compensate for insulin resistance in women with higher MAFLD scores, resulting in an increased risk of GDM (OR: 1.05, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.08, p < 0.001 for FLI). MAFLD scores were associated with fetal overgrowth. Conclusions: Maternal MAFLD represents a high-risk obstetric condition. Hepatic steatosis indices are associated with impaired glucose regulation and may provide a useful tool for early risk assessment for impaired glucose metabolism.
Cinnamaldehyde potentially attenuates gestational hyperglycemia in rats through modulation of PPARγ, proinflammatory cytokines and oxidative stress$$$ Cinnamon has a history of use for medicinal purposes and its major benefits have been linked to cinnamaldehyde. The present study aimed to investigate the hypoglycemic action of cinnamaldehyde against fatty-sucrosed diet/streptozotocin (FSD/STZ)-rat model of gestational diabetes. Female albino rats were divided into three groups. Group I fed with normal diet (ND) while group II and III were fed with FSD for eight weeks (five weeks pre-gestational and three weeks gestational). Rats of group III were administered with a daily oral dose of 20 mg/kg cinnamaldehyde one week before mating onward. At the 7th day of gestation, FSD-fed rats were injected intraperitoneally with STZ (25 mg/kg b. wt.) to induce gestational diabetes. Pre-mating treatment of cinnamaldehyde controls hyperphagia and glucose intolerance during the gestational period than in diabetic rats. It also reduced levels of fructosamine, total cholesterols, triglycerides, leptin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), malondialdehyde (MDA) and nitric oxide (NO), while it significantly increased levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, adiponectin, liver glycogen, reduced glutathione (GSH) and catalase activity at term pregnancy. In addition, cinnamaldehyde administration up-regulated the mRNA expression of peroxisome proliferated activated receptor-gamma (PPAR gamma) and also ameliorated the number of viable fetuses, implantation loss sites, fetal glucose and insulin levels. In conclusion, cinnamaldehyde has safe hypoglycemic action on gestational diabetes by potentiating insulin secretion and sensitivity through activating the antioxidant defense system, suppressing pro-inflammatory cytokines production, upregulating PPARg gene expression and alleviating the reproductive performance. (C) 2017 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Risks after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Taiwanese Women: A Nationwide Retrospective Cohort Study$$$ Objective: An increasing trend in the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been reported in Taiwan. GDM has been linked to various adverse maternal outcomes over a long period, including cardiovascular disease (CVD) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, evidence implies that the effects of GDM on the mid-term surrogate risk factors for these diseases are limited. Furthermore, data from nationwide cohort studies are limited. The primary aim of this study was to investigate the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), arterial hypertension (aHTN), and hyperlipidemia (HL) through a 5-year follow-up post-delivery of women with GDM in a nationwide cohort study in Taiwan. The second objective was to investigate the risk of developing insulin resistance syndrome (IRS)-related diseases, including CVD, acute myocardial infarction (AMI), peripheral artery occlusive disease (PAOD), non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases (NAFLD), and CKD. Methods: This was a retrospective, population-based nationwide cohort study. The data source comprises a merge of the Birth Certificate Application Database (BCA) and the National Health Insurance Research Database in Taiwan. Women aged between 15 and 45 years who gave birth in Taiwan between 2004 and 2011 were included. Women who were enrolled and had a GDM diagnosis were assigned to the exposure group. Women who were enrolled without a GDM diagnosis were assigned to the comparison group. The relative risk of developing T2DM, aHTN, HL, and IRS-related diseases, including CVD, AMI, PAOD, NAFLD, and CKD, were analyzed and presented as hazard ratio (HR) through Cox regression and log-rank regression analyses. Results: A total of 1,180,477 women were identified through the BCA database between 2004 and 2011. Of those, 71,611 GDM-diagnosed women and 286,444 women without GDM were included in the final analysis. After adjusting for age, pre-existing cancer, and parity, developing T2DM, aHTN, and HL were still significantly increased in the GDM group (HR and interquartile range (IQR): 2.83 (2.59, 3.08), 1.09 (1.01, 1.06), and 1.29 (1.20, 1.38), accordingly). CVD, NAFLD, and CKD had a very low incidence and showed insignificant results. Conclusion: Our findings provide nationwide cohort data showing that GDM increased the risk of developing T2DM, aHTN, and HL 5 years after delivery within the same group. The GDM complications and risk of CVD, AMI, PAOD, NAFLD, and CKD need further investigation.
A Maternal "Junk Food" Diet in Pregnancy and Lactation Promotes Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Rat Offspring$$$ With rising obesity rates, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is predicted to become the main cause of chronic liver disease in the next decades. Rising obesity prevalence is attributed to changes in dietary habits with increased consumption of palatable junk foods, but maternal malnutrition also contributes to obesity in progeny. This study examines whether a maternal junk food diet predisposes offspring to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. The 144 rat offspring were fed either a balanced chow diet alone or with palatable junk foods rich in energy, fat, sugar, and/or salt during gestation, lactation, and/or after weaning up to the end of adolescence. Offspring fed junk food throughout the study exhibited exacerbated hepatic steatosis, hepatocyte ballooning, and oxidative stress response compared with offspring given free access to junk food after weaning only. These offspring also displayed sex differences in their hepatic molecular metabolic adaptation to diet-induced obesity with increased expression of genes associated with insulin sensitivity, de novo lipogenesis, lipid oxidation, and antiinflammatory properties in males, whereas the gene expression profile in females was indicative of hepatic insulin resistance. Hepatic inflammation and fibrosis were not detected indicating that offspring had not developed severe steatohepatitis by the end of adolescence. Hepatic steatosis and increased oxidative stress response also occurred in offspring born to junk food-fed mothers switched to a balanced chow diet from weaning, highlighting a degree of irreversibility. This study shows that a maternal junk food diet in pregnancy and lactation contributes to the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in offspring. (Endocrinology 151: 1451-1461, 2010)
MALAT1 as a Diagnostic and Therapeutic Target in Diabetes-Related Complications: A Promising Long-Noncoding RNA$$$ Diabetes mellitus is a global issue with increasing incidence rate worldwide. In an uncontrolled case, it can advance to various organ-related complications leading to an increase in morbidity and mortality. Long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) Metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1) appears to be a fairly novel lncRNA that is relevant to diabetes and its role in diabetic-related diseases initiation and progression have long been a subject of attention to many scholars. The expression of MALAT1 is elevated in different diabetic-related diseases. In this review, we demonstrate the various functions of MALAT1 in the different diabetes-related complications including ischemic reperfusion injury, retinopathy, cataract, atherosclerosis, cardiomyopathy, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, gastroparesis, kidney disease, and gestational diabetes. The emerging evidence showed that the role of MALAT1 in diabetic-related complications is both pro-inflammatory and apoptosis in different cell types. These results concluded that MALAT1 is a potential diagnostic and future targeted therapy for diabetes-associated complications.
Environmental cadmium exposure during pregnancy causes diabetes-like phenotypes in mouse offspring: Association with oxidative stress in the fetal liver$$$ Cadmium (Cd), a noxious heavy metal, is widespread in the living environment. Gestational exposure to Cd at environmental dose has been shown to cause fetal growth restriction (FGR). However, the long-term effects and the mechanisms underlying environmental Cd exposure on glucose metabolism in offspring remain unclear. Here, we established a murine model to study the impacts of gestational exposure to environmental Cd on glucose metabolism at different life stages of offspring. Results demonstrated that the offspring mice developed hyperglycemia in puberty and impaired glucose tolerance in adulthood following maternal Cd exposure during gestation. Further mechanistic investigation showed that Cd exposure upregulated the expression of key proteins in hepatic gluconeogenesis, including p-CREB, PGC-1 alpha and G6PC, in pubertal and adult offspring. In addition, we demonstrated that Cd exposure during pregnancy markedly elevated the level of oxidative stress-related proteins, including NOX2, NOX4 and HO-1, in the fetal liver. The effects of gestational exposure to N-acetylcysteine (NAC), a free-radical scavenging antioxidant, presented that NAC supplementation alleviated hepatic oxidative stress in fetuses, and thereby reversed hyperglycemia and glucose intolerance in mouse offspring. Collectively, our data suggested that gestational exposure to environmental Cd caused diabetes-like phenotypes via enhancing hepatic gluconeogenesis, which is associated with oxidative stress in fetal livers. This work provides new insights into the protective effects of antioxidants on fetal-originated diabetes triggered by environmental toxicants. (c) 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Early maternal circulating alkaline phosphatase with subsequent gestational diabetes mellitus and glucose regulation: a prospective cohort study in China$$$ PurposeEmerging clinical evidence has implied that alkaline phosphatase (ALP) may contribute to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). However, there were no studies to reveal the independent and prospective associations between ALP and GDM. Our aim was to explore the independent and prospective associations between early maternal ALP level and GDM risk and glucose regulation.MethodsIn a prospective cohort study with 2073 singleton mothers at four maternity units in China, maternal serum ALP levels were measured before 20 gestational weeks. Using logistic regression, we analyzed the relationship between maternal ALP level and risk of GDM. We further explored the relationships of ALP level to fasting blood glucose (FBG), 1-h and 2-h post-load blood glucose (1-h, 2-h PBG) with multiple linear regression. Finally, we analyzed the association between maternal ALP level and isolated impaired fasting glucose (i-IFG) and isolated impaired glucose tolerance (i-IGT) risk.ResultsThe maximum value of maternal ALP level was 90U/L, within the normal range. After adjustment for confounding factors, the odds ratio (ORs) of GDM increased linearly with ALP level (p for overall association=0.002, p for nonlinear association=0.799), with the OR comparing the highest versus lowest quartile of 2.47 (95% CI 1.47, 4.15). Moreover, each additional of 10U/L ALP level was associated with a 2% higher FBG (p=0.043) and a 12% higher 1-h PBG (p=0.004). Higher ALP level also increased the risk of i-IFG (OR 3.73, 95% CI 1.17-11.86) and i-IGT (OR 2.03, 95% CI 1.07-3.84).ConclusionsEven within the upper limit of normal, higher early maternal ALP level could increase the risk of GDM. Moreover, both FBG and PBG were increased with early maternal ALP.
Postpartum development of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease in a lean mouse model of gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased postpartum risk for metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). GDM-related MASLD predisposes to advanced liver disease, necessitating a better understanding of its development in GDM. This preclinical study evaluated the MASLD development in a lean GDM mouse model with impaired insulin secretion capacity. Lean GDM was induced by short-term 60% high-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin injections (60 mg/kg for 3 days) before mating in C57BL/6N mice. The control dams received only high-fat diet or low-fat diet. Glucose homeostasis was assessed during pregnancy and postpartum, whereas MASLD was assessed on postpartum day 30 (PP30). GDM dams exhibited a transient hyperglycemic phenotype during pregnancy, with hyperglycaemia reappearing after lactation. Lower insulin levels and impaired glucose-induced insulin response were observed in GDM mice during pregnancy and postpartum. At PP30, GDM dams displayed higher hepatic triglyceride content compared controls, along with increased MAS (MASLD) activity scores, indicating lipid accumulation, inflammation, and cell turnover indices. Additionally, at PP30, GDM dams showed elevated plasma liver injury markers. Given the absence of obesity in this double-hit GDM model, the results clearly indicate that impaired insulin secretion driven pregnancy hyperglycaemia has a distinct contribution to the development of postpartum MASLD.
Acute and perinatal programming effects of a fat-rich diet on rat muscle mitochondrial function and hepatic lipid accumulation$$$ ObjectiveMaternal high-fat intake during pregnancy may have long-term consequences in the offspring. Since this might relate to the capacity of mitochondrial metabolic adaptation and hepatic lipid metabolism, we investigated how maternal high-fat intake affected mitochondrial function and hepatic steatosis in the offspring. DesignSprague-Dawley rats were fed a high-fat (20% w/w) or a control diet (chow, C) from 10days before pregnancy and throughout lactation. At weaning the litters were split into two groups; one was continued on the maternal diet and the other was fed low-fat chow. SampleSkeletal muscle mitochondria and liver lipids. MethodsMitochondrial respiration and hepatic lipid content were determined during and after weaning, on days 20 and 70 postpartum. Main outcome measuresMitochondrial function and hepatic lipids. ResultsAt 20days, maternal high-fat diet caused increased Vo(2max) with pyruvate as substrate (p=0.047), at 70days, pups born by C-dams, but not those born by high-fat-dams, showed increased oxidation of palmitoylcarnitine in the absence of ADP (p=0.018). Rates of ADP-stimulated oxygen consumption, maximal respiratory capacity and mitochondrial respiratory control ratio with pyruvate, increased post weaning (p<0.001), whereas respiratory control ratio with palmitoylcarnitine decreased (p=0.013). The increase in respiratory control ratio was most pronounced in pups from C-dams (p=0.05). The high-fat-diet caused pronounced hepatic steatosis in pups at weaning (p<0.001), without concomitant ceramide accumulation, while high-fat-feeding after weaning induced triacylglycerol and ceramide accumulation (p<0.01), regardless of maternal diet. ConclusionIntake of a fat-rich diet during pregnancy and lactation reduced the age-induced increases in un-coupled fat oxidation.
Genetic variation in TCF<i>7</i>L<i>2</i> rs7903146 and history of GDM negatively and independently impact on diabetes-associated metabolic traits$$$ Aims: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is recognized as a major risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) later in life. Risk allele carriers at TCF7L2 rs7903146 have increased susceptibility for both GDM and T2DM. We hypothesized that carrying TCF7L2 risk alleles would further aggravate the negative impact of a positive history for GDM on metabolic traits related to T2DM later in life. Methods: 210 women with a confirmed history of gestational diabetes and 810 controls without evidence for GDM underwent standardized 75 g oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT). Liver fat was quantified in a subset of subjects (n = 444) using magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Results: 504 women were homozygous or heterozygous risk allele carriers. The risk allele carriers had a higher risk for GDM (p = 0.0076, OR 1.52, 95% CI 1.11-2.06). Multivariable regression analysis demonstrated that both a history of GDM, or carrying a TCF7L2 risk allele resulted in lower insulin secretion, impaired proinsulin processing and higher fasting and 2-hour glucose levels. Liver fat content was not associated with either a history of GDM or a TCF7L2 risk genotype. There was no significant interaction (all p > 0.05) between history of GDM and TCF7L2 risk alleles on all diabetes-associated metabolic traits tested. Conclusion: The TCF7L2 rs7903146 polymorphism is a risk factor for gestational diabetes. However, the additional presence of TCF7L2 rs7903146 risk alleles does not further aggravate the negative impact of a history of gestational diabetes on metabolic traits related to T2DM. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Dietary fructose in pregnancy induces hyperglycemia, hypertension, and pathologic kidney and liver changes in a rodent model$$$ Purpose: The incidence of pregnancies complicated by hyperglycemia and hypertension is increasing along with associated morbidities to mother and offspring. The high fructose diet is a well-studied model that induces hyperglycemia and hypertension in male rodents, but may not affect females. We hypothesized that the physiologic stress of pregnancy may alter metabolic responses to dietary fructose. Materials and methods: In this study female Sprague-Dawley rats were divided into two gestational dietary groups: (1) 60% carbohydrate standard rat chow (Pregnant-S-controls) and (2) 60% fructose enriched chow (Pregnant-F). Body weight, blood pressure, blood glucose, triglycerides, and insulin were measured in pregnancy and during the post-partum period. Maternal organ weight and histological changes were also assessed after delivery. Results: By midpregnancy Pregnant-F rats had increased weight, elevated blood pressure, higher fasting glucose, and elevated triglycerides compared with Pregnant-S rats. Both groups demonstrated elevated gestational insulin levels with signs of insulin resistance (increased HOMA-IR). Pregnant-F rats showed significant histopathologic hepatic steatosis and renal tubular changes characterized by tubular dilation and glomerulosclerosis. Conclusion: Our study provides a model in which dietary change during pregnancy can be examined. We demonstrate, moreover, that high dietary fructose ingestion in pregnant rats may result in profound systemic and pathologic changes not appreciated during routine pregnancy. (C) 2015 International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Obesity, not a high fat, high sucrose diet alone, induced glucose intolerance and cardiac dysfunction during pregnancy and postpartum$$$ Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women during pregnancy and the postpartum period. Obesity is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. Nearly 60% of women of reproductive age are considered overweight or obese, cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality continue to be pervasive. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of an obesogenic diet on the cardiometabolic health of dams during pregnancy and postpartum. Female mice were fed either a high-fat, high-sucrose diet (HFHS) or a refined control diet (CON) for 8 weeks before initiation of pregnancy and throughout the study period. Mice in the HFHS showed two distinct phenotypes, obesity-prone (HFHS/OP) and obesity resistance (HFHS/OR). Pre-pregnancy obesity (HFHS/OP) induced glucose intolerance before pregnancy and during postpartum. Systolic function indicated by the percent fractional shortening (%FS) was significantly decreased in the HFHS/OP at late pregnancy (vs. HFHS/OR) and weaning (vs. CON), but no differences were found at 6 weeks of postpartum among groups. No induction of pathological cardiac hypertrophy markers was found during postpartum. Plasma adiponectin was decreased while total cholesterol was increased in the HFHS/OP. Our results suggested that obesity, not the diet alone, negatively affected cardiac adaptation during pregnancy and postpartum.
Paediatric Obesity Evaluation for Metabolic Susceptibility (POEMS)$$$ IntroductionOur aim was to determine whether there are risk factors which increase the risk of developing dysglycemia in a child who has increased body mass index (BMI) (overweight/obese).Research design and methodsThis was a retrospective cohort study of 715 children who had increased BMI (overweight/obese). They presented to tertiary care at KK Women's and Children's Hospital, Singapore, for metabolic risk assessment. Subjects who had more than one oral glucose tolerance test were included in order to track and analyze risk factors associated with worsening glycemic status from a previously normal glucose tolerance, impaired fasting glucose, or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) state. Demographic characteristics, birth history, family history of metabolic syndrome, metabolic comorbidities, and interventions received were recorded. Statistical analysis was performed to determine odds ratio (OR) of worsening glycemic status progression in association with an analyzed variable, adjusted for intervention received.ResultsRisk factors of developing dysglycemia can be present right from birth, as participants who were born preterm had increased odds of IGT (OR: 3.49 (1.10 to 11.03)), and a greater proportion of large-for-gestational-age (LGA)/small-for-gestational-age (SGA) babies had dysglycemia (SGA-IGT: 8.8%, SGA-diabetes mellitus (DM): 5.9%, LGA-IGT: 10.6%, LGA-DM: 11.8%) even at baseline. Being born preterm (OR: 3.49 (1.10 to 11.03)), with comorbidities of hypertension (OR: 1.61 (1.01 to 2.57)), hyperlipidemia (OR: 1.80 (1.19 to 2.72)), and fatty liver disease (OR: 2.08 (1.39 to 3.13)), was significantly associated with an increased OR of developing IGT. Risk factors for developing a worsening glycemic status, either to IGT or DM, included age >10 years (OR 4.94 (1.21 to 20.25)), BMI rise (OR 1.71 (1.17 to 2.49)), BMI increase >1.08 kg/m(2) (OR 1.71 (1.16 to 2.51)), comorbidities of hyperlipidemia (OR 1.67 (1.12 to 2.50)), and fatty liver disease (OR 2.11 (1.43 to 3.12)).ConclusionsA child who has increased BMI (overweight/obese) and possesses risk factors for worsening glycemic status, if intervened with routine lifestyle modification advice, may still have increased risk of developing dysglycemia and type 2 DM. Therefore, understanding their risk profile provides opportunities to have a tiered and individualized approach.
Isoleucine-to-methionine substitution at residue 148 variant of <i>PNPLA3</i> gene and metabolic outcomes in gestational diabetes$$$ Background: A single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) of the patatin-like phospholipase-3 (PNPLA3)/adiponutrin gene (rs738409 C>G) is strongly associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; to our knowledge, no data are available on the impact of this PNPLA3 SNP on liver and metabolic outcomes during pregnancy in patients with gestational diabetes (GD). Objective: We evaluated the impact of the PNPLA3 rs738409 SNP on liver enzymes, metabolic indexes, and maternal and neonatal outcomes in 200 GD patients enrolled in a lifestyle intervention. Design: In a randomized trial with a 2 X 2 factorial design, exercise significantly improved maternal and neonatal outcomes in GD patients. Effects of the G allele on metabolic and liver indexes and maternal and neonatal outcomes were evaluated in these patients. Results: At the end of the trial, fasting insulin and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) values were significantly lower and liver enzymes significantly higher in PNPLA3 G-allele carriers. In a multiple regression model, the G allele was associated directly with aspartate aminotransferase (beta = 2.60; 95% CI: 0.99, 4.20), alanine aminotransferase (beta = 3.70; 95% CI: 1.78, 5.62), and gamma-glutamyl transferase (beta= 3.70; 95% CI: 0.80, 6.60) and inversely with insulin (beta = -2.01; 95% CI: -3.24, -0.78) and HOMA-IR (beta = -0.39; -0.64, -0.14) values at the end of the trial. In a multiple logistic regression model, the G allele was associated directly with risk of developing liver enzyme elevation during pregnancy (OR: 4.21; 95% CI: 1.78, 9.97) and inversely with the birth of large-for-gestational-age newborns (OR: 0.19; 95% CI: 0.06, 0.62). No diet X genotype or exercise X genotype interaction was shown. Conclusion: The PNPLA3 SNP rs738409 G allele was associated with risk of mildly elevated transaminases in GD independent of a lifestyle intervention and despite a significant reduction in insulin resistance and risk of macrosomic offspring.
Diabetes clusters: Diabetes subgroups and complications$$$ Diabetes mellitus is a heterogeneous disease with different clinical pictures and risks of comorbidities and complications. Previous classifications have been limited-aside from gestational diabetes and specific forms of known cause-to the description of type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Using simple variables, it is possible to subdivide these diabetes types into subtypes (clusters), which allows for the precise characterization of specific groups of patients and could enable tailored prevention, diagnosis, and therapy in the future.
Enhanced offspring predisposition to steatohepatitis with maternal high-fat diet is associated with epigenetic and microbiome alterations$$$ Objective Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is an important co-morbidity associated with obesity and a precursor to steatohepatitis. However, the contributions of gestational and early life influences on development of NAFLD and NASH remain poorly appreciated. Methods Two independent studies were performed to examine whether maternal over-nutrition via exposure to high fat diet (HFD) leads to exacerbated hepatic responses to post-natal HFD and methionine choline deficient (MCD) diets in the offspring. Offspring of both control diet- and HFD-fed dams were weaned onto control and HFD, creating four groups. Results When compared to their control diet-fed littermates, offspring of HF-dams weaned onto HFD gained greater body weight; had increased relative liver weight and showed hepatic steatosis and inflammation. Similarly, this group revealed significantly greater immune response and pro-fibrogenic gene expression via RNA-seq. In parallel, 7-8 week old offspring were challenged with either control or MCD diets for 3 weeks. Responses to MCD diets were also exacerbated due to maternal HFD as seen by gene expression of classical pro-fibrogenic genes. Quantitative genome-scale DNA methylation analysis of over 1 million CpGs showed persistent epigenetic changes in key genes in tissue development and metabolism (Fgf21, Ppargc1 beta) with maternal HFD and in cell adhesion and communication (VWF, Ephb2) in the combination of maternal HFD and offspring MCD diets. Maternal HFD also influenced gut microbiome profiles in offspring leading to a decrease in alpha-diversity. Linear regression analysis revealed association between serum ALT levels and Coprococcus, Coriobacteriacae, Helicobacterioceae and Allobaculum. Conclusion Our findings indicate that maternal HFD detrimentally alters epigenetic and gut microbiome pathways to favor development of fatty liver disease and its progressive sequelae.
Maternal Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and High-Fat Diet Influenced Hepatic Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Profile in the Offspring of C57BL/6J Mice$$$ ScopeThis research examines the effects of maternal high-fat (HF) diet and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on offspring lipid metabolism and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) profile.Methods and resultsGDM is induced using the insulin receptor antagonist S961. Weaning offspring are categorized into HF-GDM, HF-CON, NC-GDM, and NC-CON groups based on maternal diet or GDM. Adult offspring are then grouped into NC-CON-NC, NC-CON-HF, NC-GDM-NC, NC-GDM-HF, HF-CON-NC, HF-CON-HF, HF-GDM-NC, and HF-GDM-HF according to dietary patterns. Gas chromatography determines PUFA composition. Western blot assesses PI3K/Akt signaling pathway-related protein expression. Feeding a normal chow diet until adulthood improves the distribution of hepatic PUFA during weaning across the four groups. PI3K expression is upregulated during weaning in HF-CON and HF-GDM, particularly in HF-CON-NC and HF-GDM-NC, compared to NC-CON-NC during adulthood. Akt expression increases in NC-GDM-NC after weaning with a normal diet. The hepatic PUFA profile in HF-CON-HF significantly distinguishes among the maternal generation health groups. Maternal HF diet exacerbates the combined impact of maternal GDM and offspring HF diet on hepatic PUFA and PI3K/Akt signaling pathway-related proteins during adulthood.Methods and resultsGDM is induced using the insulin receptor antagonist S961. Weaning offspring are categorized into HF-GDM, HF-CON, NC-GDM, and NC-CON groups based on maternal diet or GDM. Adult offspring are then grouped into NC-CON-NC, NC-CON-HF, NC-GDM-NC, NC-GDM-HF, HF-CON-NC, HF-CON-HF, HF-GDM-NC, and HF-GDM-HF according to dietary patterns. Gas chromatography determines PUFA composition. Western blot assesses PI3K/Akt signaling pathway-related protein expression. Feeding a normal chow diet until adulthood improves the distribution of hepatic PUFA during weaning across the four groups. PI3K expression is upregulated during weaning in HF-CON and HF-GDM, particularly in HF-CON-NC and HF-GDM-NC, compared to NC-CON-NC during adulthood. Akt expression increases in NC-GDM-NC after weaning with a normal diet. The hepatic PUFA profile in HF-CON-HF significantly distinguishes among the maternal generation health groups. Maternal HF diet exacerbates the combined impact of maternal GDM and offspring HF diet on hepatic PUFA and PI3K/Akt signaling pathway-related proteins during adulthood.ConclusionsEarly exposure to HF diets and GDM affects hepatic PUFA profiles and PI3K/Akt signaling pathway protein expression in male offspring during weaning and adulthood. The present study observes changes in liver polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels in the offspring from weaning to adulthood, which may be explained by the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway, after maternal HF diet intervention and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) modeling. The offspring are fed with different diets after birth. image
A mouse model of gestational diabetes shows dysregulated lipid metabolism post-weaning, after return to euglycaemia$$$ BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease for the mother in the decade after delivery. However, the molecular mechanisms that drive these effects are unknown. Recent studies in humans have shown that lipid metabolism is dysregulated before diagnosis of and during gestational diabetes and we have shown previously that lipid metabolism is also altered in obese female mice before, during and after pregnancy. These observations led us to the hypothesis that this persistent dysregulation reflects an altered control of lipid distribution throughout the organism. METHODS: We tested this in post-weaning (PW) dams using our established mouse model of obese GDM (high fat, high sugar, obesogenic diet) and an updated purpose-built computational tool for plotting the distribution of lipid variables throughout the maternal system (Lipid Traffic Analysis v2.3). RESULTS: This network analysis showed that unlike hyperglycaemia, lipid distribution and traffic do not return to normal after pregnancy in obese mouse dams. A greater range of phosphatidylcholines was found throughout the lean compared to obese post-weaning dams. A range of triglycerides that were found in the hearts of lean post-weaning dams were only found in the livers of obese post-weaning dams and the abundance of odd-chain FA-containing lipids differed locally in the two groups. We have therefore shown that the control of lipid distribution changed for several metabolic pathways, with evidence for changes to the regulation of phospholipid biosynthesis and FA distribution, in a number of tissues. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that the control of lipid metabolism is altered following an obese pregnancy. These results support the hypothesis that obese dams that developed GDM maintain dysregulated lipid metabolism after pregnancy even when glycaemia returned to normal, and that these alterations could contribute to the increased risk of later type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Prepubertal Children Born Small for Gestational Age: Influence of Rapid Weight Catch-Up Growth$$$ Background/Aims: We studied the association of low birth weight with ultrasound-assessed nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) to test the hypothesis that fetal growth retardation followed by a rapid weight catch-up growth might be an additional factor responsible for liver steatosis via insulin resistance (IR) and/or intra-abdominal fat. Methods: We enrolled 23 children born small for gestational age (SGA) with a rapid catch-up growth within the first 6-12 months, and 24 appropriate for gestational age (AGA) children as controls. All children underwent anthropometric, body composition measurements and evaluation of liver function tests, lipid profile, plasma glucose and insulin levels. Abdominal ultrasonography was performed in order to asses liver steatosis and thickness of subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue. Results: NAFLD were observed in 8 out of the 23 SGA children (34.8%). IR and visceral fat were significantly increased in children with hepatic steatosis compared to those without. IR index was significantly related to liver steatosis, independently of body mass index standard deviation score and visceral fat. Conclusions: NAFLD should be recognized as an emerging problem in SGA prepubertal children who presented a rapid weight gain in postnatal life, and IR plays the key role. An appropriate diet during pregnancy and in the first year of life might prevent metabolic syndrome and NAFLD in these subjects. Copyright (C) 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel
RBM15 suppresses hepatic insulin sensitivity of offspring of gestational diabetes mellitus mice via m6A-mediated regulation of CLDN4$$$ BackgroundGestational diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnancy-specific disease with high morbidity, which is linked to a high risk of obesity and diabetes in offspring. N6-methyladenosine modification of RNA is emerging as an important epigenetic mechanism that is widely manifested in many diseases. This study aimed to investigate the mechanism of m6A methylation in metabolic syndrome in offspring result from intrauterine hyperglycemia.MethodsGDM mice were established by feeding a high-fat diet 1 weeks before pregnancy. The m6A RNA methylation quantification kit was used to detect liver tissue methylation levels. PCR array was used to determine the expression of the m6A methylation modification enzyme. Immunohistochemistry, qRT-PCR, and western blot were used to examine the expression of RBM15, METTL13, IGF2BP1, and IGF2BP2. Subsequently, methylated RNA immunoprecipitation sequencing combined with mRNA sequencing, followed by dot blot and glucose uptake tests, were performed.ResultsIn this study, we found that offspring from a GDM mother were more vulnerable to glucose intolerance and insulin resistance. GC-MS revealed significant metabolic changes including saturated fatty acids and unsaturated fatty acids in liver of GDM offspring. We also demonstrated that global mRNA m6A methylation level was significantly increased in the fetal liver of GDM mice, indicating epigenetic change may have a strong relationship with the mechanism of metabolism syndrome. Concordantly, RBM15, the RNA binding methyltransferase, was upregulated in the liver. In vitro, RBM15 suppressed insulin sensitivity and increased insulin resistance through m6A-regulated epigenetic inhabitation of CLDN4. Moreover, MeRIP-sequencing and mRNA-sequencing revealed that differently regulated genes with differential m6A peaks were enriched in metabolic pathways.ConclusionOur study revealed the essential role of RBM15 in insulin resistance and the effect of RBM15-regulated m6A modification in the metabolic syndrome of offspring of GDM mice.
Alpha linolenic acid in maternal diet halts the lipid disarray due to saturated fatty acids in the liver of mice offspring at weaning$$$ Background: Alpha linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3) in maternal diets has been shown to attenuate obesity associated insulin resistance (IR) in adult offspring in mice. The objective in the present study was to detect the early effects of maternal dietary saturated fatty acids (SFA) and their partial substitution with omega-3 ALA, docosa hexenoic acid (DHA, 22:6) and eicosapentenoic acid 20:5 (EPA, 20:5) on the HOMA index, liver lipids and fatty acid desaturases in the offspring at weaning. Methods: 3 month old C57Bl6/J female mice were fed diets containing normal amount of calories but rich in SFA alone or partially replaced with ALA, DHA or EPA before mating, during pregnancy and lactation. Results: Pregnant mice fed SFA produced offspring with the highest HOMA index, liver lipids and desaturase activities. ALA prevented SFA induced lipid increase but DHA and EPA only reduced it by 42% and 31% respectively. ALA, DHA and EPA decreased HOMA index by 84%, 75% and 83% respectively. ALA, DHA and EPA decreased Delta 6 and SCD1 desaturase activities about 30%. Conclusions: SFA feeding to mothers predisposes their offspring to develop IR and liver lipid accumulation already at weaning. omega 3 fatty acids reduce IR, ALA halts lipid accumulation whereas DHA and EPA only blunt it. ALA and DHA restore the increased SCD1 to normal. These studies suggest that omega-3 fatty acids have different potencies to preclude lipid accumulation in the offspring partially by affecting pathways associated to SCD1 modulation.
Implication of <i>SH2B1</i> gene polymorphism studies in gestational diabetes mellitus in Saudi pregnant women$$$ Genome-wide association studies have identified loci that are firmly associated with obesity. The Src-homology-2 B adaptor protein 1 (SH2B1) loci is abundantly expressed in the brain, liver, heart, muscle, and fat tissues. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a growing health concern that usually appears during the latter half of pregnancy, and it is characterized by carbohydrate intolerance of variable severity. The SH2B1 gene polymorphism has been linked with an increased risk of weight gain in several but not all population studies. This study aimed to investigate the genetic association of rs4788102 variants in the SH2B1 gene with GDM in Saudi pregnant women. Genomic DNA samples from 200 women with GDM and 300 women without GDM were genotyped using the TaqMan method. The distribution of the GG, GA, and AA genotypes was significantly different between GDM and non-GDM women (p < 0.05). Thus, we identified rs4788102 variants as additional risk factors for GDM in Saudi women, and we suggest that these variants may have a prognostic value. (C) 2014 Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of King Saud University.
Serum betaine and dimethylglycine in mid-pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a case-control study$$$ PurposeTo investigate the associations of choline, betaine, dimethylglycine (DMG), L-carnitine, and Trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO) with the risk of Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) as well as the markers of glucose homeostasis.MethodsWe performed a case-control study including 200 diagnosed GDM cases and 200 controls matched by maternal age (+/- 2 years) and gestational age (+/- 2 weeks). Concentrations of serum metabolites were measured by the high-performance liquid chromatography - tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS/MS).ResultsCompared to the control group, GDM group had significantly lower serum betaine concentration and betaine/choline ratio, and higher DMG concentration. Furthermore, decreased betaine concentration and betaine/choline ratio, increased DMG concentration showed significant association with the risk of GDM. In addition, serum betaine concentrations were negatively associated with blood glucose levels at 1-h post-glucose load (OGTT-1h), and both betaine and L-carnitine concentrations were positively associated with 1,5-anhydroglucitol levels. Betaine/choline ratio was negatively associated with OGTT-1h and blood glucose levels at 2-h post-glucose load (OGTT-2h) and serum choline concentrations were negatively associated with fasting blood glucose and positively associated with OGTT-2h.ConclusionDecreased serum betaine concentrations and betaine/choline ratio, and elevated DMG concentrations could be significant risk factors for GDM. Furthermore, betaine may be associated with blood glucose regulation and short-term glycemic fluctuations.
Precocious markers of cardiovascular risk and vascular damage in apparently healthy women with previous gestational diabetes$$$ Previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) indicates future risk for type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Insulin resistance (IR) may precede T2DM in many years and is associated with an increased risk for cardiovascular diseases. Aim: This study aims to identify endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular risk factors in women with pGDM. Methods: This cross-sectional analysis included 45 non diabetic women, 20 pGDM and 25 controls, at least one year after delivery. Body mass index (BMI), abdominal circumference (AC), blood pressure, serum lipids, liver enzymes, uric acid, nonesterified fatty acids, C-reactive protein and plasma glucose, insulin, fibrinogen and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 were measured. HOMA IR and beta were calculated. Pre and post induced ischemia videocapillaroscopy was performed in hand nailfold to evaluate microvascular morphologic aspect and functional response. Results: AC and fasting glucose were significantly higher in pGDM (p = 0.01 and p = 0.002 respectively). Women with pGDM and BMI <25 kg/m(2) had significantly higher levels of fasting insulin and HOMA IR than controls (p = 0.008 and 0.05 respectively). Abnormal morphologic findings were more frequent and papillae rectification were 3.3 times more prevalent in pGDM (p = 0.003). Other microvascular parameters did not differ between groups. Conclusion: Cardiovascular risk factors and a microcirculation abnormality (papillae rectification) were significantly increased in young non-diabetic women with pGDM.
Maternal and Perinatal Risk Factors for Pediatric Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Systematic Review$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become the most common pediatric liver disease. The intrauterine and early life environment can have an important impact on long-term metabolic health. We investigated the impact of maternal prepregnancy obesity, (pre)gestational diabetes, breastfeeding, and birth anthropometrics/preterm birth on the development of NAFLD in children and adolescents. METHODS: A comprehensive search was performed in MEDLINE, PubMed Central, EMBASE, and grey literature databases through August 2020. The primary outcome was the prevalence of pediatric NAFLD, whereas the histologic severity of steatohepatitis and/or fibrosis were secondary outcomes. Study selection, data extraction, and quality assessment were performed by 2 independent reviewers. RESULTS: Our systematic review included 33 articles. Study heterogeneity regarding patient populations, diagnostic tools, and overall quality was considerable. Eight studies determined the impact of maternal prepregnancy overweight/obesity and identified this as a possible modifiable risk factor for pediatric NAFLD. Conversely, 8 studies investigated (pre)gestational diabetes, yet the evidence on its impact is conflicting. Breastfeeding was associated with a reduced risk for NAFLD, steatohepatitis, and fibrosis, especially in studies that evaluated longer periods of breastfeeding. Being born preterm or small for gestational age has an unclear impact on the development of NAFLD, although an early catch-up growth might drive NAFLD. CONCLUSIONS: In a systematic review, we found that maternal prepregnancy overweight and obesity were associated with an increased risk of pediatric NAFLD. Breastfeeding might be protective against the development of NAFLD when the duration of breastfeeding is sufficiently long (>= 6 months).
Gender-Specific Differences in Adipose Distribution and Adipocytokines Influence Adolescent Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease$$$ Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a predominantly adult-diagnosed disorder. Knowledge regarding the epidemiology, phenotype, and metabolic risk factors, during adolescence is limited. We sought to determine the prevalence, phenotype, and predictors of NAFLD in 1170 community-based adolescents in the Western Australian Pregnancy Cohort (Raine) Study (the Raine Cohort) who underwent a cross-sectional assessment that included questionnaires, anthropometry, cardiovascular examinations, blood tests, and abdominal ultrasound examinations. Among the 1170 adolescents assessed, the prevalence of NAFLD was 12.8%. Females compared with males had a significantly higher prevalence of NAFLD (16.3% versus 10.1%, P = 0.004) and central obesity (33.2% versus 9.9%, P < 0.05). The severity of hepatic steatosis was associated with the body mass index, waist circumference, subcutaneous adipose tissue thickness (SAT), serum leptin level, homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance score (P < 0.001 for all), and serum alanine aminotransferase level (P < 0.005) in both genders, but it was associated with increasing visceral adipose tissue thickness (VAT; P < 0.001) and decreasing serum adiponectin levels (P < 0.05) in males alone. Males and females with NAFLD had similar amounts of SAT (P > 0.05); however, in comparison with females with NAFLD, males with NAFLD had greater VAT, a more severe metabolic phenotype with higher glucose levels and systolic blood pressure and lower adiponectin and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (P < 0.001 for all), and greater measures of liver injury (alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase, P < 0.001 for all). Similarly, metabolic syndrome was more common in males than females with NAFLD (24% versus 8%, P = 0.01). Suprailiac skinfold thickness predicted NAFLD independently of the body mass index, insulin resistance, and VAT. Conclusion: Gender differences in adolescent NAFLD are related to differences in adipose distribution and adipocytokines. The male phenotype of NAFLD is associated with more adverse metabolic features and greater visceral adiposity than the female phenotype despite the lower prevalence of NAFLD. (HEPATOLOGY 2011;53:800-809)
Hepatic Glucose Metabolism in Late Pregnancy Normal Versus High-Fat and -Fructose Diet$$$ Net hepatic glucose uptake (NHGU) is an important contributor to postprandial glycemic control. We hypothesized that NHGU is reduced during normal pregnancy and in a pregnant diet-induced model of impaired glucose intolerance/gestational diabetes mellitus (IGT/GDM). Dogs (n = 7 per group) that were nonpregnant (N), normal pregnant (P), or pregnant with IGT/GDM (pregnant dogs fed a high-fat and -fructose diet [P-HFF]) underwent a hyperinsulinemic-hyperglycemic clamp with intraportal glucose infusion. Clamp period insulin, glucagon, and glucose concentrations and hepatic glucose loads did not differ among groups. The N dogs eached near-maximal NHGU rates within 30 min; mean +/- SEM NHGU was 105 +/- 9 mu mol.100 g liver(-l).min(-1). The P and P-HFF dogs reached maximal NHGU in 90-120 min; their NHGU was blunted (68 +/- 9 and 16 +/- 17 mu mol.100 g liver(-1).min(-1), respectively). Hepatic glycogen synthesis was reduced 20% in P versus N and 40% in P-HFF versus P dogs. This was associated with a reduction (>70%) in glycogen synthase activity in P-HFF versus P and increased glycogen phosphorylase (GP) activity in both P (1.7-fold greater than N) and P-HFF (1.8-fold greater than P) dogs. Thus, NHGU under conditions mimicking the postprandial state is delayed and suppressed in normal pregnancy, with concomitant reduction in glycogen storage. NHGU is further blunted in IGT/GDM. This likely contributes to postprandial hyperglycemia during pregnancy, with potential adverse outcomes for the fetus and mother. Diabetes 62:753-761,2013
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in Women With Normal Prepregnant Weight$$$ Context Existing studies focusing on the effects of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) combined with normal prepregnant weight on pregnancy outcomes are limited. Objective This study aimed to explore the relationship between maternal NAFLD and adverse pregnancy outcomes in different body mass index (BMI) groups. Methods Using an antenatal care and delivery database, we retrospectively analyzed women who delivered in Minhang Hospital affiliated to Fudan University, Shanghai, China from January 1, 2013, to June 30, 2020. NAFLD was confirmed by ultrasound in early pregnancy. A logistic regression model with adjustment for confounders was used to examine potential associations between NAFLD and pregnancy outcomes. Results A total of 14 708 pregnant women (mean prepregnant BMI 21.0 [SD, 2.8] kg/m(2)) were included in our final study, of whom 554 (3.8%) had NAFLD. After fully adjusting for potential confounders, NAFLD significantly increased the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (adjusted odds ratio 2.477; 95% CI, 1.885-3.254), gestational hypertension (3.054; 2.191-4.257), preeclampsia/eclampsia (3.994; 2.591-6.005), cesarean section (1.569; 1.315-1.872), preterm births (1.831; 1.229-2.727), and macrosomia (1.691; 1.300-2.198). It is notable that 83.9% (12 338) of women were of normal weight at the start of pregnancy (prepregnant 18.5 <= BMI < 24 kg/m(2)), and they still had higher odds of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Conclusion Women with NAFLD and a normal weight have a higher risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Pregnant women with NAFLD, regardless of obesity status, should be offered a more qualified surveillance to optimize pregnancy outcomes.
Maternal obesity induced metabolic disorders in offspring and myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulation$$$ Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes are associated with childhood obesity and increased cardiovascular risk. In this review, we will discuss and summarize extensive clinical and experimental studies that metabolically imbalanced environment exposure in early life plays a critical role in influencing later susceptibility to chronic inflammatory diseases and metabolic syndrome. The effect of maternal obesity and metabolic disorders, including gestational diabetes cause Large-for-gestational-age (LGA) children to link future development of adverse health issues such as obesity, atherosclerosis, hypertension, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by immune reprogramming to adverse micro-environment. This review also addresses intrauterine environment-driven myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulations and the epigenetic markers as an underlying mechanism. This will facilitate future investigations regarding maternal-to-fetal immune regulation and the epigenetic mechanisms of obesity and cardiovascular diseases.
Associations of maternal diet and nutritional status with offspring hepatic steatosis in the Avon longitudinal study of parents and children$$$ Background Priming for cardiometabolic diseases, including non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), is hypothesized to begin in utero. The primary objective of this study is to determine whether there is an association between maternal nutritional status and offspring NAFLD. Methods Data come from the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC) in the UK. The analytic sample included 3353 participants who had maternal information on pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational weight gain, diabetes, and free sugar intake as percent of total energy and were assessed for mild-severe hepatic steatosis at 24 years by transient elastography (controlled attenuation parameter score >= 248 dB/m). Multiple logistic regression was used to evaluate the association between maternal factors and offspring hepatic steatosis at 24 years. Results In confounder-adjusted models the independent associations for each maternal factor with mild to severe vs low hepatic steatosis at 24 years were: pre-pregnancy overweight (OR: 1.84, 95%CL: 1.43-2.38) or obesity (OR: 2.73, 95%CL: 1.84-4.03), more than recommended gestational weight gain (OR: 1.30, 95%CL: 1.04-1.64), diabetes (OR: 1.39, 95%CI: 0.87, 2.21), and high free sugar intake during pregnancy (OR: 1.04, 95% CI: 0.82, 1.33). These associations were largely mediated by BMI at 24 years, but not by birthweight or breastfeeding. Conclusions Our results suggest that maternal nutritional status is associated with the development of NAFLD in their adult offspring, although the relationship is largely mediated by offspring BMI in adulthood.
Gestational and Developmental Contributors of Pediatric MASLD$$$ Pediatric metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD) is common and can be seen as early asin utero. A growing body of literature suggests that gestational and early life exposures modify the risk of MASLD development in children. These include maternal risk factors, such as poor cardiometabolic health (e.g., obesity, gestational diabetes, rapid weight gain during pregnancy, and MASLD), as well as periconceptionaldietaryexposures,degreeofphysicalactivity,intestinalmicrobiome,andsmoking.Paternalfactors, such as diet and obesity, also appear to play a role. Beyond gestation, early life dietary exposures, as well as the rate of infant weight gain, may further modify the risk of future MASLD development. The mechanisms linking parental health and environmental exposures to pediatric MASLD are complex and not entirely understood. In conclusion, investigating gestational and developmental contributors to MASLD is critical and may identify future interventional targets for disease prevention.
New peptides players in metabolic disorders$$$ Among new peptides responsible for the pathogenesis of metabolic disorders and carbohydrate metabolism, adipokines are of great importance. Adipokines are substances of hormonal character, secreted by adipose tissue. Apart from the well-known adipokines, adropin and preptin are relatively newly discovered, hence their function is not fully understood. They are peptides not secreted by adipose tissue but their role in the metabolic regulations seems to be significant. Preptin is a 34-amino acid peptide, a derivative of proinsulin growth factor II (pro-IGF-II), secreted by pancreatic beta cells, considered to be a physiological enhancer of insulin secretion. Additionally, preptin has a stimulating effect on osteoblasts, inducing their proliferation, differentiation and survival. Adropin is a 76-amino acid peptide, encoded by the energy homeostasis associated gene (Enho), mainly in liver and brain, and its expression is dependent on a diet. Adropin is believed to play an important role in metabolic homeostasis, fatty acids metabolism control, insulin resistance prevention, dyslipidemia, and impaired glucose tolerance. The results of studies conducted so far show that the diseases resulting from metabolic syndrome, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, polycystic ovary syndrome, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, or cardiovascular disease are accompanied by significant changes in the concentration of these peptides. It is also important to note that preptin has an anabolic effect on bone tissue, which might be preventive in osteoporosis.
The Current and Potential Therapeutic Use of Metformin-The Good Old Drug$$$ Metformin, one of the oldest oral antidiabetic agents and still recommended by almost all current guidelines as the first-line treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), has become the medication with steadily increasing potential therapeutic indications. A broad spectrum of experimental and clinical studies showed that metformin has a pleiotropic activity and favorable effect in different pathological conditions, including prediabetes, type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Moreover, there are numerous studies, meta-analyses and population studies indicating that metformin is safe and well tolerated and may be associated with cardioprotective and nephroprotective effect. Recently, it has also been reported in some studies, but not all, that metformin, besides improvement of glucose homeostasis, may possibly reduce the risk of cancer development, inhibit the incidence of neurodegenerative disease and prolong the lifespan. This paper presents some arguments supporting the initiation of metformin in patients with newly diagnosed T2DM, especially those without cardiovascular risk factors or without established cardiovascular disease or advanced kidney insufficiency at the time of new guidelines favoring new drugs with pleotropic effects complimentary to glucose control. Moreover, it focuses on the potential beneficial effects of metformin in patients with T2DM and coexisting chronic diseases.
Routine blood tests in early pregnancy: their development and value in the early diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ With the change in China's second-child fertility policy, the numbers of older pregnant women and high-risk pregnancies have significantly increased, and the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is likely to rise. GDM can cause a variety of adverse pregnancy outcomes, seriously threaten the safety of perinatal mothers and infants, and affect the long-term health of mothers and their offspring. Currently, the GDM screening period is between 24 to 28 weeks of pregnancy, but there are some shortcomings in screening at this time, since because of late diagnosis, the best time for intervention and treatment for some high-risk pregnant women may be delayed. Studies have shown that early prediction and early diagnosis of GDM is of great significance to improve pregnancy outcomes, so it is important to investigate early pregnancy prediction indexes of GDM to improve the screening efficiency for GDM and improve the management of GDM. It has been found that blood cell parameters, inflammatory factors, fat metabolism indices and liver enzyme metabolism markers have specific early predictive value for GDM. The application of these parameters combined with significant independent risk factors in the early prediction and early diagnosis of GDM will be of great value in the prevention and treatment of GDM and the prognosis of mothers and infants. This article reviews the development of routine blood test parameters during pregnancy and their value in the early diagnosis of GDM.
Analysis of serum fatty acid, amino acid, and organic acid profiles in gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus <i>via</i> targeted metabolomics$$$ This study aimed to characterize metabolite differences and correlations between hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using univariate, multivariate analyses, RF, and pathway analyses in a cross-sectional study. Dietary surveys were collected and targeted metabolomics was applied to measure levels of serum fatty acids, amino acids, and organic acids in 90 pregnant women at 24-28 weeks gestation at the First Affiliated Hospital of Harbin Medical University. Principal components analysis (PCA) and partial least squares-discriminatory analysis (PLS-DA) models were established to distinguish HP, GDM, and healthy, pregnant control individuals. Univariate and multivariate statistical analyses and Random Forest (RF) were used to identify and map co-metabolites to corresponding pathways in the disease states. Finally, risk factors for the disease were assessed by receiver operating characteristics (ROC) analysis. Dietary survey results showed that HP and GDM patients consumed a high-energy diet and the latter also consumed a high-carbohydrate and high-fat diet. Univariate analysis of clinical indices revealed HP and GDM patients had glycolipid disorders, with the former possessing more severe organ dysfunction. Subsequently, co-areas with significant differences identified by basic discriminant analyses and RF revealed lower levels of pyroglutamic acid and higher levels of 2-hydroxybutyric acid and glutamic acid in the GDM group. The number of metabolites increased in the HP group as compared to the healthy pregnant control group, including pyroglutamic acid, gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), glutamic acid, oleic acid (C18:1), and palmitic acid (C16:0). ROC curves indicated that area under curve (AUC) for pyroglutamic acid in the GDM group was 0.962 (95% CI, 0.920-1.000), and the AUC of joint indicators, including pyroglutamic acid and GABA, in the HP group was 0.972 (95% CI, 0.938-1.000). Collectively, these results show that both GDM and HP patients at mid-gestation possessed dysregulated glucose and lipid metabolism, which may trigger oxidative stress via glutathione metabolism and biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids.
Lipid Metabolism During Pregnancy and its Implications for Fetal Growth$$$ More glucose crosses the placenta than any other substrate, but correlations between its concentration in maternal plasma and fetal growth are not found consistently. The accumulation of maternal fat depots and hyperlipidemia are the two principal changes in lipid metabolism during pregnancy. Although lipids cross the placenta with difficulty, maternal plasma triacylglycerols (TAG) and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) correlate with fetal lipids, fetal growth and fat mass under certain conditions. In intrauterine growth restriction, impaired placental transfer of lipophilic compounds (long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and lipophilic vitamins) seems to underpin metabolic dysfunction and decreased birth weight. In gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), maternal TAG and NEFA levels correlate with neonatal anthropometric measures. In GDM, adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein in fetuses correlated with neonatal fat mass; changes in maternal or cord blood leptin, retinol binding protein 4 and adiponectin concentrations have been related to neonatal fat mass or birth weight, although their importance remains to be investigated. The angiopoietin-like protein 4 (ANGPTL-4) is secreted from adipose tissue, liver and placenta, and irreversibly inhibits lipoprotein lipase (LPL) activity. Maternal plasma ANGPTL-4 is decreased in GDM, and it has been proposed to be responsible for an increase in placental LPL activity, which would facilitate a greater fatty acid placental transfer, contributing to the higher fetal fat accumulation. Thus, while evidence suggesting major involvement of maternal lipid metabolism in fetal adiposity and growth exists, the precise mechanisms remain to be elucidated.
Novel Biomolecules in the Pathogenesis of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common metabolic diseases in pregnant women. Its early diagnosis seems to have a significant impact on the developing fetus, the course of delivery, and the neonatal period. It may also affect the later stages of child development and subsequent complications in the mother. Therefore, the crux of the matter is to find a biopredictor capable of singling out women at risk of developing GDM as early as the very start of pregnancy. Apart from the well-known molecules with a proven and clear-cut role in the pathogenesis of GDM, e.g., adiponectin and leptin, a potential role of newer biomolecules is also emphasized. Less popular and less known factors with different mechanisms of action include: galectins, growth differentiation factor-15, chemerin, omentin-1, osteocalcin, resistin, visfatin, vaspin, irisin, apelin, fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4), fibroblast growth factor 21, and lipocalin-2. The aim of this review is to present the potential and significance of these 13 less known biomolecules in the pathogenesis of GDM. It seems that high levels of FABP4, low levels of irisin, and high levels of under-carboxylated osteocalcin in the serum of pregnant women can be used as predictive markers in the diagnosis of GDM. Hopefully, future clinical trials will be able to determine which biomolecules have the most potential to predict GDM.
Switching obese mothers to a healthy diet improves fetal hypoxemia, hepatic metabolites, and lipotoxicity in non-human primates$$$ Objective: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) risk begins in utero in offspring of obese mothers. A critical unmet need in this field is to understand the pathways and biomarkers underlying fetal hepatic lipotoxicity and whether maternal dietary intervention during pregnancy is an effective countermeasure. Methods: We utilized a well-established non-human primate model of chronic, maternal, Western-style diet induced obesity (OB-WSD) compared with mothers on a healthy control diet (CON) or a subset of OB-WSD mothers switched to the CON diet (diet reversal; OB-DR) prior to and for the duration of the next pregnancy. Fetuses were studied in the early 3rd trimester. Results: Fetuses from OB-WSD mothers had higher circulating triglycerides (TGs) and lower arterial oxygenation suggesting hypoxemia, compared with fetuses from CON and OB-DR mothers. Hepatic TG content, oxidative stress (TBARs), and de novo lipogenic genes were increased in fetuses from OB-WSD compared with CON mothers. Fetuses from OB-DR mothers had lower lipogenic gene expression and TBARs yet persistently higher TGs. Metabolomic profiling of fetal liver and serum (umbilical artery) revealed distinct separation of CON and OB-WSD groups, and an intermediate phenotype in fetuses from OB-DR mothers. Pathway analysis identified decreased tricarboxylic acid cycle intermediates, increased amino acid (AA) metabolism and byproducts, and increased gluconeogenesis, suggesting an increased reliance on AA metabolism to meet energy needs in the liver of fetuses from OB-WSD mothers. Components in collagen synthesis, including serum protein 5-hydroxylysine and hepatic lysine and proline, were positively correlated with hepatic TGs and TBARs, suggesting early signs of fibrosis in livers from the OB-WSD group. Importantly, hepatic gluconeogenic and arginine related intermediates and serum levels of lactate, pyruvate, several AAs, and nucleotide intermediates were normalized in the OB-DR group. However, hepatic levels of CDP-choline and total ceramide levels remained high in fetuses from OB-DR mothers. Conclusions: Our data provide new metabolic evidence that, in addition to fetal hepatic steatosis, maternal WSD creates fetal hypoxemia and increases utilization of AAs for energy production and early activation of gluconeogenic pathways in the fetal liver. When combined with hyperlipidemia and limited antioxidant activity, the fetus suffers from hepatic oxidative stress and altered intracellular metabolism which can be improved with maternal diet intervention. Our data reinforce the concept that multiple "first hits" occur in the fetus prior to development of obesity and demonstrate new biomarkers with potential clinical implications for monitoring NAFLD risk in offspring. (C) 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier GmbH.
Maternal obesity increases the risk and severity of NAFLD in offspring$$$ Background & Aims: Maternal obesity has been linked to the development of cardiovascular disease and diabetes in offspring, but its relationship to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is unclear. Methods: Through the nationwide ESPRESSO cohort study we identified all individuals <= 25 years of age in Sweden with biopsy verified NAFLD diagnosed between 1992 and 2016 (n = 165). These were matched by age, sex, and calendar year with up to 5 controls (n = 717). Through linkage with the nationwide Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR) we retrieved data on maternal early-pregnancy BMI, and possible confounders, in order to calculate adjusted odds ratios (aORs) for NAFLD in offspring. Results: Maternal BMI was associated with NAFLD in offspring: underweight (aOR 0.84; 95% CI 0.14-5.15), normal weight (reference, aOR 1), overweight (aOR 1.51; 0.95-2.40), and obese (aOR 3.26; 1.72-6.19) women. Severe NAFLD (biopsy-proven fibrosis or cirrhosis) was also more common in offspring of overweight (aOR 1.94; 95% CI 0.96-3.90) and obese (aOR 3.67; 95% CI 1.61-8.38) mothers. Associations were similar after adjusting for maternal pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. Socio-economic parameters (smoking, mother born outside the Nordic countries and less than 10 years of basic education) were also associated with NAFLD in offspring but did not materially alter the effect size of maternal BMI in a multivariable model. Conclusions: This nationwide study found a strong association between maternal overweight/obesity and future NAFLD in offspring. Adjusting for socio-economic and metabolic parameters in the mother did not affect this finding, suggesting that maternal obesity is an independent risk factor for NAFLD in offspring. Lay summary: In a study of all young persons in Sweden with a liver biopsy consistent with fatty liver, the authors found that compared to matched controls, the risk of fatty liver was much higher in those with obese mothers. This was independent of available confounders and suggests that the high prevalence of obesity in younger persons might lead to a higher risk of fatty liver in their offspring. (C) 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of European Association for the Study of the Liver.
Maternal Fructose Intake, Programmed Mitochondrial Function and Predisposition to Adult Disease$$$ Fructose consumption is now recognised as a major risk factor in the development of metabolic diseases, such as hyperlipidaemia, diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and obesity. In addition to environmental, social, and genetic factors, an unfavourable intrauterine environment is now also recognised as an important factor in the progression of, or susceptibility to, metabolic disease during adulthood. Developmental trajectory in the short term, in response to nutrient restriction or excessive nutrient availability, may promote adaptation that serves to maintain organ functionality necessary for immediate survival and foetal development. Consequently, this may lead to decreased function of organ systems when presented with an unfavourable neonatal, adolescent and/or adult nutritional environment. These early events may exacerbate susceptibility to later-life disease since sub-optimal maternal nutrition increases the risk of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) in future generations. Earlier dietary interventions, implemented in pregnant mothers or those considering pregnancy, may have added benefit. Although, the mechanisms by which maternal diets high in fructose and the vertical transmission of maternal metabolic phenotype may lead to the predisposition to adult disease are poorly understood. In this review, we will discuss the potential contribution of excessive fructose intake during pregnancy and how this may lead to developmental reprogramming of mitochondrial function and predisposition to metabolic disease in offspring.
Serum omentin-1, vaspin, and apelin levels and central obesity in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Background: Omentin-1, vaspin, and apelin are novel adipokines which closely associate with obesity, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and inflammation. The aim of this study was to investigate the circulating levels of omentin-1, vaspin, and apelin in NAFLD patients and to clarify their relationship with biochemical parameters, abdominal obesity, and high sensitive C-reactive protein. Materials and Methods: In a case-control study, serum levels of omentin-1, vaspin, and apelin were measured in 41 NAFLD patients and 41 healthy volunteers. The study was performed in the outpatients' clinic of Imam-Ali Hospital in Zahedan, Iran, during February to July 2015. Fatty liver was confirmed by ultrasonography. The association of the adipokines with lipid profile and anthropometric parameters was assessed using multivariable linear regression models. In this model, those variables that showed P < 0.05 were included in the study. Results: NAFLD patients presented a significantly higher apelin levels compared to the controls (P < 0.01), whereas serum omentin-1 and vaspin levels did not differ between two groups (both P > 0.05). Multiple regression analysis showed that the serum levels of apelin and vaspin correlated positively with waist circumference (WC) (P < 0.01 and P < 0.05, respectively) and low-density lipoprotein (P < 0.05 and P < 0.01, respectively) while serum omentin-1 was inversely correlated with WC (P < 0.01) and positively corrected with high-density lipoprotein (P < 0.05). Conclusion: The findings showed that among the analyzed adipokines only apelin was different in patients with NAFLD when compared to controls. Considering the multivariate regression analysis, apelin seems be more suitable diagnostic marker in predicting of NAFLD and omentin might be considered as a protective factor in occurrence of NAFLD, particularly in those with central obesity.
TDAG51 Attenuates Impaired Lipid Metabolism and Insulin Resistance in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Through SREBP-1/ ANGPTL8 Pathway$$$ Background: T-cell death-associated gene 51 (TDAG51) belongs to the transcription factor family and is involved in the energy homeostasis of the liver through the regulation of lipogenesis. Aims: To evaluate the role of T-cell death-associated gene 51 in gestational diabetes mellitus. Study Design: Experimental animal and human-sample study. Methods: A total of 30 patients with GDM were enrolled in the study. TDAG51 expression in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus was assessed by Western blotting and quantitative reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction. A high-fat and high-sugar diet was used to establish a gestational diabetes mellitus model. Mice with gestational diabetes were injected with lentivirus-mediated overexpression of TDAG51. Blood glucose was measured using a glucometer, and glucose and insulin tolerance tests were performed to detect insulin resistance. Liver and adipose tissues were subjected to hematoxylin-eosin staining. Cell apoptosis was detected by TUNEL staining. Human villous trophoblast cells (HTR-8/SVneo) were treated with a high-glucose medium to induce gestational diabetes mellitus. Results: TDAG51 was downregulated in gestational diabetes mellitus and high glucose-induced HTR-8/SVneo. TDAG51 overexpression reduced the level of blood glucose, enhanced serum insulin, and attenuated glucose and insulin tolerance in gestational diabetes mellitus mice. TDAG51 overexpression also ameliorated impaired lipid metabolism and alleviated adipocyte hypertrophy and hepatic lipid droplets in gestational diabetes mellitus mice. The expressions of SREBP-1 and ANGPTL8 were upregulated in gestational diabetes mellitus and showed a negative correlation with TDAG51 in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus. TDAG51 increased the expressions of SREBP-1 and ANGPTL8 in gestational diabetes mellitus mice. TDAG51 overexpression reduced cell apoptosis and enhanced cell viability of high glucose-induced HTR-8/SVneo. Ectopic expression of ANGPTL8 attenuated the TDAG51-induced increase in cell viability and decrease in apoptosis in high glucose -induced HTR-8/SVneo. Conclusion: TDAG51 alleviated impaired lipid metabolism and insulin resistance in gestational diabetes mellitus via downregulation of SREBP 1/ANGPTL8 pathway.
Predisposed obesity and long-term metabolic diseases from maternal exposure to fine particulate matter (PM<sub>2.5</sub>) - A review of its effect and potential mechanisms$$$ Ambient air pollution is one of the most serious public health problems over the last decade. It causes about 4.2 million deaths worldwide each year, and fine particulate matter (PM2.5) is one of the major components of air pollution. Many chronic non-communicable diseases may originate from the early-life environment that alters the development of offspring. Pregnancy and lactation are plastic "window periods " for offspring metabolism, during which PM2.5 exposure is associated with long-term metabolic dysfunction in offspring. In this review, we summarized the scientific evidence from both epidemiological and toxicological studies, which suggest that perinatal exposure to PM2.5 causes obesity and metabolic diseases in progeny, including hypertension, car-diometabolic dysfunction, diabetes, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Therefore, prevention stra-tegies are needed to inform government policies and clinical counseling to reduce maternal exposure and its associated health hazards, and ultimately improve the quality of the newborn population.
Gestational Diabetes Sensitizes Mice to Future Metabolic Syndrome That Can Be Relieved by Activating CAR$$$ Diabetes and related metabolic syndrome are common metabolic disorders. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is rather prevalent in the clinic. Although most GDM resolves after therapeutic intervention and/or after delivery, the long-term health effect of GDM remains to be better understood. The constitutive androstane receptor (CAR), initially characterized as a xenobiotic receptor, was more recently proposed to be a therapeutic target for obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). In this study, high-fat diet (HFD) feeding was used to induce GDM. Upon delivery, GDM mice were returned to chow diet until the metabolic parameters were normalized. Parous non-GDM control females or metabolically normalized GDM females were then subjected to HFD feeding to induce nongestational obesity and T2DM. Our results showed that GDM sensitized mice to metabolic abnormalities induced by a second hit of HFD. Treatment with the CAR agonist 1,4-bis [2-(3,5 dichloropyridyloxy)] benzene efficiently attenuated GDM-sensitized and HFD-induced obesity and T2DM, including decreased body weight, improved insulin sensitivity, inhibition of hyperglycemia and hepatic steatosis, increased oxygen consumption, and decreased adipocyte hypertrophy. In conclusion, our results have established GDM as a key risk factor for the future development of metabolic disease. We also propose that CAR is a therapeutic target for the management of metabolic disease sensitized by GDM.
Vitamin E Supplement Protects Against Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Mice Through nuclear factor-erythroid factor 2-related factor 2/heme oxygenase-1 Signaling Pathway$$$ Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common pregnant disorder worldwide. In this study, we aimed to explore whether vitamin E (VE) treatment alone could protect against GDM in a mouse model.Methods: 6-week-old C57BL/6J female mice were fed on high-fat diet for two weeks and continued with high-fat diet after pregnancy to induce GDM. The pregnant mice were orally administrated with 2.5, 25 or 250 mg/kg VE twice per day during pregnancy together with high-fat diet. Oral glucose tolerance test, insulin amounts, oxidative stress and inflammation were then measured.Results: Only 250 mg/kg VE could improve glucose tolerance and insulin level in pregnant mice. VE (250 mg/kg) effectively inhibited GDM-induced hyperlipidemia, and secretion of inflammatory cytokines such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-6. VE also significantly ameliorated maternal oxidative stress at the late stage of pregnancy, and also improved reproductive outcomes, including increasing the litter size and birth weight in GDM mice. Moreover, VE also activated GDM-reduced nuclear factor-erythroid factor 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) / heme oxygenase-1 signaling pathway in the maternal liver tissues of GDM mice.Conclusion: Our data clearly demonstrated that 250 mg/kg VE twice a day during pregnancy could significantly ameliorate the symptoms of GDM by alleviating oxidative stress, inflammation, hyperglycemia, and hyperlipidemia through Nrf2/HO-1 signaling pathway in GDM mice. Thus, additional VE supplement might be beneficial to GDM.
Exposure to Gestational Diabetes Enriches Immune-Related Pathways in the Transcriptome and Methylome of Human Amniocytes$$$ Context: Gestational diabetes (GDM) has profound effects on the intrauterine metabolic milieu and is linked to obesity and diabetes in offspring, but the mechanisms driving these effects remain largely unknown. Alterations in DNA methylation and gene expression in amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero represent a potential mechanism leading to metabolic dysfunction later in life. Objective: To profile changes in genome-wide DNA methylation and expression in human amniocytes exposed to GDM. Design: A nested case-control study (n = 14 pairs) was performed in amniocytes matched for offspring sex, maternal race/ethnicity, maternal age, gestational age at amniocentesis, and gestational age at birth. Sex-specific genome-wide DNA methylation analysis and RNA-sequencing were completed and differentially methylated regions (DMRs) and gene expression changes were identified. Ingenuity pathway analysis identified biologically relevant pathways enriched after GDM exposure. In silico high-throughput chromosome conformation capture (Hi-C) analysis identified potential chromatin interactions with DMRs. Results: Expression of interferon-stimulated genes was increased in GDM amniocytes, accounting for 6 of the top 10 altered genes (q < 0.05). Enriched biological pathways in GDM amniocytes included pathways involving inflammation, the interferon response, fatty liver disease, monogenic diabetes, and atherosclerosis. Forty-two DMRs were identified in male GDM-exposed amniocytes and 20 in female amniocyte analysis (q < 0.05). Hi-C analysis identified interactions between DMRs and 11 genes with significant expression changes in male amniocytes and 9 in female amniocytes (P < .05). Conclusion: In a unique repository of human amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero, transcriptome analysis identified enrichment of inflammation and interferon-related pathways and novel DMRs with potential distal regulatory functions.
Modulation of Cholesterol Transport by Insulin-Treated Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Human Full-Term Placenta$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy that is characterized by glucose intolerance, leads to dyslipidemia, and is aggravated by obesity. Cholesterol is taken up by the placenta as part of lipoproteins through the scavenger receptor class B type I receptor (SRBI), low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR), and very low density lipoprotein receptor (VLDLR), and its efflux is then mediated by ABCA1 and ABCG1. PCSK9 is involved in the degradation of LDLR and VLDLR. The goal of this study was to evaluate the impact of GDM and prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) on cholesterol transport through the modulation of the expression of several key players. Human full-term placenta, maternal, and venous cord blood samples were obtained at delivery from normal-weight women without GDM (n = 10), normal-weight women with GDM (n = 6), and overweight/obese women with GDM (n = 6). Lipids (total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, triglycerides, free fatty acids, apolipoprotein A1, apolipoprotein B100) levels were evaluated in blood samples. Messenger RNA and protein expression levels (LDLR, VLDLR, SRBI, ABCA1, ABCG1, proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9, liver x receptors, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors) were assessed in human full-term placenta, respectively, by real-time RT-PCR and Western blots. Lipoprotein lipase activity was evaluated using a commercial kit on tissue homogenates. Overall, our study demonstrates that GDM affects the maternal and neonatal lipid profiles as well as different key players of placental cholesterol transfer from the maternal to the fetal circulation, depending on the maternal BMI. These changes could affect the fetal metabolism and predispose the fetus to future metabolic diseases.
Adipose tissue-derived FABP4 mediates glucagon-stimulated hepatic glucose production in gestational diabetes$$$ AimsOne of the most common complications of pregnancy is gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which may result in significant health threats of the mother, fetus and the newborn. Fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) is an adipokine that regulates glucose homeostasis by promoting glucose production and liver insulin resistance in mouse models. FABP4 levels are increased in GDM and correlates with maternal indices of insulin resistance, with a rapid decline post-partum. We therefore aimed to determine the tissue origin of elevated circulating FABP4 levels in GDM and to assess its potential contribution in promoting glucagon-induced hepatic glucose production.Materials and MethodsFABP4 protein and gene expression was determined in biopsies from placenta, subcutaneous (sWAT) and visceral (vWAT) white adipose tissues from GDM and normoglycaemic pregnant women. FABP4 differential contribution in glucagon-stimulated hepatic glucose production was tested in conditioned media before and after its immune clearance.ResultsWe showed that FABP4 is expressed in placenta, sWAT and vWAT of pregnant women at term, with a significant increase in its secretion from vWAT of women with GDM compared with normoglycaemic pregnant women. Neutralizing FABP4 from both normoglycaemic pregnant women and GDM vWAT secretome, resulted in a decrease in glucagon-stimulated hepatic glucose production.ConclusionsThis study provides new insights into the role of adipose tissue-derived FABP4 in GDM, highlighting this adipokine, as a potential co-activator of glucagon-stimulated hepatic glucose production during pregnancy.
Excessive folic acid supplementation in pregnant mice impairs insulin secretion and induces the expression of genes associated with fatty liver in their offspring$$$ Objective: Previous human and animal studies have shown that excessive maternal intake of folic acid (FA) predisposes to impaired glucose tolerance in the offspring. However, the underlying mechanism is unknown. Therefore, we aimed to determine whether excessive supplementation with FA during pregnancy affects the glucose tolerance of mouse offspring. Research methods & procedures: Pregnant C57BL/6J mice were fed AIN93G diet containing either 2 mg [control group (CN)] or 40 mg [high FA group (HFA)] FA/kg diet throughout their pregnancies. On postnatal days (PD)22 and 50, fasting blood glucose was measured in the offspring of both groups, and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed on PD50. On PD53, tissues were collected, and the tissue masses, area of insulin expression in the pancreas, liver triglyceride content, and gene expression were determined. Results: The blood glucose concentrations at 60 and 120 min of the OGTT were higher in female HFA than CN offspring. The serum fasting and non-fasting insulin concentrations and the area of insulin expression in the pancreas were lower in HFA than CN offspring. The liver triglyceride content was higher in female, and tended to be higher in male (P < 0.05), HFA offspring than CN offspring (P < 0.05). The liver mRNA expression of fat synthesis genes, such as Ppar gamma 2 (male and female) and Cidec (male), was higher in HFA than CN offspring (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Excessive maternal supplementation of FA in mice leads to lower insulin synthesis and an impairment in hepatic fat metabolism in the offspring.
Comprehensive analysis of macrosomia: exploring the association between first-trimester alanine aminotransferase and uric acid measurements in pregnant women$$$ Objectives: Investigating the relationship between liver enzymes, uric acid (UA), and macrosomia will benefit physicians in the early detection of complications that may emerge during/after pregnancy. The study analyzed liver enzyme activity and UA levels in first-trimester pregnant for the risk of macrosomia.Methods: This retrospective cross-sectional research analyzed the data of pregnant women who gave birth between Jan 2021-2023. All data were extracted from medical records, and UA and AST-ALT were examined in all the participants.Results: Aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) levels were higher in the macrosomia (p<0.05). Similarly, UA levels were higher in the macrosomia (p<0.001). There was a moderate positive correlation between ALT and birth weight (r=0.168, p<0.01), while we found a strong positive correlation between UA and birth weight (r=0.355, p<0.01). In the ROC (receiver operating characteristic), Area Under the Curve (AUC) for ALT and UA was significant (p<0.0001) but not for AST (p=0.157). UA showed a predictive value for macrosomia with 68.1 % sensitivity and 63.8 % specificity at a 3.15 cut-off (AUC:0.689; p:0.0001; CI:0.644-0.725).Conclusions: These results indicate that ALT and UA may be potentially important in determining the risk of macrosomia. The UA had a more potent marker for macrosomia than ALT. The occurrence of macrosomia might be more closely related to the mother's metabolic syndrome rather than NAFLD.
Normalizing adiponectin levels in obese pregnant mice prevents adverse metabolic outcomes in offspring$$$ Infants of obese mothers have an increased risk of developing obesity, insulin resistance, and type 2 diabetes. The underlying mechanisms remain elusive, and no effective interventions to limit the transmission of metabolic disease from the obese mother to her infant are currently available. Obese pregnant women have decreased circulating levels of adiponectin, which is associated with increased placental nutrient transport and fetal overgrowth. We have reported that normalization of adiponectin levels during late gestation reversed placental dysfunction and fetal overgrowth in a mouse model of maternal obesity in pregnancy. In the current study, we hypothesized that adiponectin supplementation during pregnancy in obese mice attenuates the adverse metabolic outcomes in adult offspring. Adult male offspring of obese mice developed obesity, fatty liver, and insulin resistance, with adult female offspring of obese mice having a less pronounced metabolic phenotype. These metabolic abnormalities in offspring born to obese mice were largely prevented by normalization of maternal adiponectin levels in late pregnancy. We provide evidence that low circulating maternal adiponectin is a critical mechanistic link between maternal obesity and the development of metabolic disease in offspring. Strategies aimed at improving maternal adiponectin levels may prevent long-term metabolic dysfunction in offspring of obese mothers.Paulsen, M. E., Rosario, F. J., Wesolowski, S. R., Powell, T. L., Jansson, T. Normalizing adiponectin levels in obese pregnant mice prevents adverse metabolic outcomes in offspring.
Managing cardiometabolic risk factors across a woman's lifespan: A lipidologist's perspective$$$ A recent rise in atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) mortality in women warrants a heightened focus on the cardiometabolic risk factors that are closely tied to increasing trends in obesity and suboptimal lifestyle. Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) are often manifestations of cardiometabolic disease that convey cardiovascular risk requiring recognition foremost, as well as a targeted approach to treatment. Similarly, menopause is a time to reflect on a woman's cardiovascular risk as multiple cardiometabolic changes occur during this time. Contraceptives and menopausal replacement therapy (MRT) should be considered along with a woman's individual thrombotic and cardiovascular risk. Clinicians should be attuned to cardiometabolic risk factors throughout a woman's lifespan and familiar with strategies to reduce cardiovascular risk. (C) 2021 National Lipid Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of Probiotic Supplementation during Pregnancy on the Future Maternal Risk of Metabolic Syndrome$$$ Probiotics are live microorganisms that induce health benefits in the host. Taking probiotics is generally safe and well tolerated by pregnant women and their children. Consumption of probiotics can result in both prophylactic and therapeutic effects. In healthy adult humans, the gut microbiome is stable at the level of the dominant taxa: Bacteroidetes, Firmicutes and Actinobacteria, and has a higher presence of Verrucomicrobia. During pregnancy, an increase in the number of Proteobacteria and Actinobacteria phyla and a decrease in the beneficial species Roseburia intestinalis and Faecalibacterium prausnitzii are observed. Pregnancy is a "window" to the mother's future health. The aim of this paper is to review studies assessing the potentially beneficial effects of probiotics in preventing the development of diseases that appear during pregnancy, which are currently considered as risk factors for the development of metabolic syndrome, and consequently, reducing the risk of developing maternal metabolic syndrome in the future. The use of probiotics in gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia and excessive gestational weight gain is reviewed. Probiotics are a relatively new intervention that can prevent the development of these disorders during pregnancy, and thus, would reduce the risk of metabolic syndrome resulting from these disorders in the mother's future.
Food insecurity is a risk factor for metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease in Latinx children$$$ Introduction: Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD) is the most common chronic liver disease among US children. Studies have associated food insecurity with MASLD in adults, but there are few studies of pediatric MASLD, particularly in high-risk populations. We assessed the impact of household food insecurity at 4 years of age on MASLD in Latinx children. Methods: Using a prospective cohort design, Latina mothers were recruited during pregnancy and followed with their children until early to mid-childhood. Our primary exposure was household food insecurity at 4 years of age measured using the validated US Household Food Security Food Module. Our primary outcome, MASLD, was defined as alanine transaminase (ALT) >= 95th% for age/gender plus body mass index (BMI) >= 85% at time of ALT measurement (assessed between ages 5-12). We used multivariable logistic regression models to test for independent associations between household food insecurity and pediatric MASLD. Results: Among 136 children, 28.7% reported household food insecurity at 4 years of age and 27.2% had MASLD in early to middle childhood. Approximately 49% of children with MASLD and 21% of children without MASLD were food insecure (p < 0.01). Exposure to household food insecurity at age 4 was independently associated with a 3.7-fold higher odds of MASLD later in childhood (95% CI: 1.5-9.0, p < 0.01). Conclusions: Exposure to household food insecurity at 4 years of age was associated with increased risk for MASLD later in childhood. Further studies are needed to explore mechanism(s) and impact of reducing food insecurity on risk for MASLD.
A prospective study of artificially sweetened beverage intake and cardiometabolic health among women at high risk$$$ Background: Artificially sweetened beverages (ASBs) are commonly consumed and recommended for individuals at high risk for cardiometabolic diseases; however, the health effects of ASBs remain contradictory. Given that cross-sectional analyses are subject to reverse causation, prospective studies with long-term follow-up are needed to evaluate associations between ASBs and cardiometabolic health, especially among high-risk individuals. Objective: The aim of this study was to examine associations of ASB intake and cardiometabolic health among high-risk women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: We included 607 women with GDM from the Danish National Birth Cohort (DNBC; 1996-2002) who completed a clinical exam 9-16 y after the DNBC pregnancy for the Diabetes & Women's Health (DWH) Study (2012-2014). We assessed ASB intake using FFQs completed during the DNBC pregnancy and at the DWH Study clinical exam. We examined cardiometabolic outcomes at the DWH clinical exam. We estimated percentage differences in continuous cardiometabolic markers and RRs for clinical endpoints in association with ASB intake both during pregnancy and at follow-up adjusted for prepregnancy BMI, diet, and lifestyle factors. Sensitivity analyses to account for reverse causation were performed. Results: In pregnancy and at follow-up, 30.4% and 36.4% of women regularly (>= 2 servings/wk) consumed ASB, respectively. Consumption of ASBs, both during pregnancy and at follow-up, was associated with higher glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), insulin, HOMA-IR, triglycerides, liver fat, and adiposity and with lower HDL at follow-up. After adjustment for covariates, particularly prepregnancy BMI, the majority of associations between ASB intake in pregnancy and outcomes at follow-up became null with the exception of HbA1c. ASB intake at follow-up (>= 1 serving/d compared with <1 serving/mo) was associated with higher HbA1c (6.5%; 95% CI: 1.9, 11.3; P-trend = 0.007); however, associations were not upheld in sensitivity analyses for reverse causation. Conclusions: Among Danish women with a history of GDM, ASB intake was not significantly associated with cardiometabolic profiles.
Altered plasma lipidome profile of dairy cows with fatty liver disease$$$ Fatty liver disease is a common health problem of dairy cows occurring during the transition from pregnancy to lactation. It is a direct response to fat mobilization due to negative energy balance. Accumulation of lipids in the liver occurs if the uptake of non-esterified fatty acids by the liver exceeds the capacity of lipid oxidation or secretion by the liver. Currently, the diagnosis of fatty liver disease requires confirmation through biopsies to determine the hepatic lipid content. In view of this lack of a practical diagnostic tool, we compared the plasma lipidome of diseased dairy cows using liquid chromatography coupled to quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry. Multivariate data analysis yielded 20 m/z values that were able to distinguish between dairy cows with no hepatic lipidosis and those exhibiting different stages of the disease. Based on the chromatography retention time and m/z ratios, we identified phosphatidylcholines with reduced plasma abundances in cows with fatty liver disease. The abundances of different bile acids tended to be increased. In addition, we detected two metabolites related to inflammation, resolvin El and palmitoyl-ethanolamine (PEA), which need to be further investigated in cattle. These results indicate that the measurement of specific representatives of phosphatidylcholines in plasma may provide a novel diagnostic biomarlcer of fatty liver disease in dairy cows. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Metabolic Consequences of Gestational Cannabinoid Exposure$$$ Up to 20% of pregnant women ages 18-24 consume cannabis during pregnancy. Moreover, clinical studies indicate that cannabis consumption during pregnancy leads to fetal growth restriction (FGR), which is associated with an increased risk of obesity, type II diabetes (T2D), and cardiovascular disease in the offspring. This is of great concern considering that the concentration of Delta(9)- tetrahydrocannabinol (Delta 9-THC), a major psychoactive component of cannabis, has doubled over the last decade and can readily cross the placenta and enter fetal circulation, with the potential to negatively impact fetal development via the endocannabinoid (eCB) system. Cannabis exposure in utero could also lead to FGR via placental insufficiency. In this review, we aim to examine current pre-clinical and clinical findings on the direct effects of exposure to cannabis and its constituents on fetal development as well as indirect effects, namely placental insufficiency, on postnatal metabolic diseases.
High dietary cholesterol intake during lactation promotes development of fatty liver in offspring of mice$$$ Scope: We have previously demonstrated in mice that a maternal high fat diet during lactation enhances the susceptibility of offspring to obesity and fatty liver. A causative molecule, however, is yet to be identified. Therefore, we examined the role of cholesterol, the dietary intake of which increases with consumption of a high fat diet. Excessive cholesterol intake is involved in the development of fatty liver, which in turn becomes a risk factor for metabolic syndrome, which includes obesity, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. However, our knowledge of the influences on offspring of excessive maternal cholesterol intake alone during pregnancy and lactation is limited. We examined how excessive maternal cholesterol intake during lactation influences susceptibility of the offspring to metabolic syndrome in mice. Results: High cholesterol intake promoted triacylglycerol accumulation in the liver of offspring (p < 0.05), and elevated expression of molecules involved in hepatic lipoprotein influx was identified as the underlying mechanism. Conclusion: These findings demonstrate that excessive maternal cholesterol intake during lactation enhances the susceptibility of the offspring to development of fatty liver.
Aberrant DNA Methylation Mediates the Transgenerational Risk of Metabolic and Chronic Disease Due to Maternal Obesity and Overnutrition$$$ Maternal obesity is a rapidly evolving universal epidemic leading to acute and long-term medical and obstetric health issues, including increased maternal risks of gestational diabetes, hypertension and pre-eclampsia, and the future risks for offspring's predisposition to metabolic diseases. Epigenetic modification, in particular DNA methylation, represents a mechanism whereby environmental effects impact on the phenotypic expression of human disease. Maternal obesity or overnutrition contributes to the alterations in DNA methylation during early life which, through fetal programming, can predispose the offspring to many metabolic and chronic diseases, such as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, diabetes, and chronic kidney disease. This review aims to summarize findings from human and animal studies, which support the role of maternal obesity in fetal programing and the potential benefit of altering DNA methylation to limit maternal obesity related disease in the offspring.
New born macrosomia in gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a metabolic complication of pregnancy. The pathogenesis of GDM is considered to involve beta-cell dysfunction and insulin resistance (IR). GDM is associated with a significant risk of macrosomia in addition to a high probability of metabolic complications for the offspring. The precise mechanism underlying GDM remains unclear. The aim of the present study was to analyse the factors associated with insulin resistance and beta-cell dysfunction involved in the pathophysiology of GDM complicated with macrosomia compared with GDM without macrosomia. In addition, another aim of the present study was to assess the relationship between GDM complicated with macrosomia and anthropometric, clinical and paraclinical parameters. The following group of patients were recruited as part of a case-control study: Patients with GDM without macrosomia, patients with GDM complicated with macrosomia and healthy gestational controls. Blood samples were collected at the third trimester of pregnancy and tested for adiponectin, leptin, insulin, proinsulin and C-peptide. Homeostatic model assessment-IR (HOMA-IR), steady state beta-cell function (HOMA%B), insulin sensitivity (HOMA%S) and body mass index (BMI) were also calculated. All patients diagnosed with GDM showed an impairment in HOMA%B and a decrease in C-peptide maternal serum concentration. Additionally, diabetic status leading to the birth of offspring with macrosomia did not induce changes in the maternal serum levels of insulin, proinsulin, adiponectin or leptin, which was also the case in patients with GDM but not macrosomia. HOMA%B presented a stronger positive correlation with pre-pregnancy BMI and maternal weight gain, and a stronger negative correlation with adiponectin. Furthermore, HOMA%S in this group exhibited strong positive correlations with maternal serum levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) and aspartate aminotransferase, and a strong negative correlation with pre-pregnancy BMI. In the same patients, HOMA-IR was also found to have a high negative correlation with HDL levels, and highly positive correlations with gestational age and triglyceride levels. In conclusion, the present study suggests that the different correlations among the factors involved in the pathogenesis of GDM may explain the evolution of GDM pregnancy to macrosomia.
Sex Hormone-Binding Globulin in Children and Adolescents$$$ Sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) is a circulating glycoprotein that transports testosterone and other steroids in the blood. Interest in SHBG has escalated in recent years because of its inverse association with obesity and insulin resistance, and because many studies have linked lower circulating levels of SHBG to metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, and early puberty. The purpose of this review is to summarize molecular, clinical, endocrine, and epidemiological findings to illustrate how measurement of plasma SHBG may be useful in clinical medicine in children.
Perinatal exposure to maternal obesity: Lasting cardiometabolic impact on offspring$$$ Evidence from epidemiological, clinical, and animal model studies clearly demonstrates that prenatal and lactational maternal obesity and high-fat diet consumption are associated with cardiometabolic morbidity in offspring. Fetal and offspring sex may be an important effect modifier. Adverse offspring cardiometabolic outcomes observed in the setting of maternal obesity include an increased risk for obesity, features of metabolic syndrome (hypertension, hyperglycemia and insulin resistance, hyperlipidemia, increased adiposity), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. This review article synthesizes human and animal data linking maternal obesity and high-fat diet consumption in pregnancy and lactation to adverse cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring. We review key mechanisms underlying skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, pancreatic, liver, and central brain reward programming in obesity-exposed offspring, and how such malprogramming contributes to offspring cardiometabolic morbidity.
Reduction in maternal serum values of glucose and gamma-glutamyltransferase after supplementation with alpha-lipoic acid in women with gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Aim Alpha-lipoic acid (ALA) is a short chain fatty acid which has a key role in energy production. ALA is also known as a universal antioxidant. The aim of the present study was to explore the effects of ALA supplementation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods A randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial study was designed. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 60) during 24-28 weeks of gestation were selected and divided randomly into drug (n = 30) and placebo (n = 30) groups. Drug group supplemented with ALA (100 mg/day) for 8 weeks. The biochemical markers were measured before and after the intervention and considered significant at a P-value less than 0.05. Results Maternal circulating values of fasting blood sugar (P < 0.001), gamma-glutamyltransferase (P < 0.001) and alanine transaminase (P = 0.031) were decreased in the drug group after the intervention. However, values of urea, creatinine, uric acid, aspartate transaminase and alkaline phosphatase were not changed significantly after the trial. Conclusion The present study has shown that supplementation with 100 mg/day of ALA had some beneficial effects on glucose metabolism and liver function in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Gestational diabetes in young women predicts future risk of serious liver disease$$$ Aims/hypothesisIn common with type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a propensity for hepatic fat deposition. We hypothesised that GDM predicts future lifetime risk of serious liver-disease outcomes, such as cirrhosis, liver failure and need for transplantation.MethodsFrom population-based administrative databases, we identified all women in Ontario, Canada, who had a pregnancy resulting in live birth between April 1994 and March 2002 (N=698,078). This population was stratified into individuals with (n=17,932) and without (n=680,146) GDM, and both groups were further stratified according to subsequent development of type 2 diabetes in the years after delivery. The median follow-up for the development of serious liver disease (defined as hospitalisation for cirrhosis, liver failure or transplantation) was 14.0years.ResultsWomen with GDM had a higher risk of serious liver disease than those without GDM (n=680,146; HR=1.40, 95% CI 1.01, 1.94). Compared with women who did not have GDM and did not develop diabetes (n=635,998), those with GDM who subsequently developed type 2 diabetes (n=8567) had a higher risk of serious liver disease (adjusted HR=1.56, 95% CI 1.02, 2.39), as did those without GDM who developed type 2 diabetes (n=44,148; adjusted HR=2.48, 95% CI 2.10, 2.93), but not those with GDM who did not develop type 2 diabetes (n=9365; adjusted HR=1.15, 95% CI 0.69, 1.91).Conclusion/interpretationGDM is associated with future risk of serious liver disease in young women, the development of which may be dependent upon progression to non-gestational diabetes.
Abdominal Obesity, Adipokines and Non-communicable Diseases$$$ Abdominal obesity may be defined as excess deposits of fat in the abdominal region. It is a common health condition seen in South Asians and is positively related to non-communicable diseases (NCDs). It is independent of body mass index and measured by raised waist circumference for men >= 90 cm and women >= 80 cm. The reason for its prevalence being common in Indians finds its root from pregnancy, during fetal period and has emerged as a concept of 'Thin Fat Indian'. Malnutrition in such a critical period of growth has consequences in the form of reduced basal metabolic rate (BMR), reduced blood flow to growing tissues, reduced functional ability of vital organs, endocrine changes and reduced capacity of primary adipose tissue. However, excess of visceral fat facilitates high dosage of adipokines in the portal vein to liver and other body tissues having serious implications seen in the form NCDs like diabetes, hypertension, heart diseases, non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases, kidney disorders, cancer and other health problems. Abdominal obesity should be addressed before it has progressed further to defined health issues by exercise and diet, so that people can live a quality life.
Type 2 diabetes, bariatric surgery and the risk of subsequent gestational diabetes$$$ Women with pre-existing abnormal glucose regulation are certain to develop gestational diabetes in pregnancy and pre-gestational type 2 diabetes will become more difficult to control. However, an increasing number of women with type 2 diabetes have had bariatric surgery. In this group, the effect of pregnancy on glucose metabolism is unknown. We report two women with type 2 diabetes who underwent laparoscopic gastric bypass surgery with normalization of plasma glucose levels. During subsequent pregnancy, maternal blood glucose levels remained completely normal throughout. This is remarkable given the predisposition to abnormal glucose tolerance and the ongoing obesity, in the face of the insulin resistance of pregnancy. Women with prior type 2 diabetes reversed by gastric bypass surgery are not at high risk for gestational diabetes.
Fructose Consumption During Pregnancy Influences Milk Lipid Composition and Offspring Lipid Profiles in Guinea Pigs$$$ Excess dietary fructose is a major public health concern (1-4). Evidence shows increased fructose intake can cause insulin resistance, hepaticde novolipogenesis, hypertriglyceridemia, obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) (5-9). However, little is known about the effects of fructose during pregnancy and its influence on offspring development and predisposition to later-life disease. To determine whether moderately increased maternal fructose intake could have health consequences on offspring, we have investigated the effects of 10% w/v fructose water intake during preconception and pregnancy. Female Dunkin Hartley guinea pigs were fed a control diet (CD) or fructose diet (FD;10% kcal from fructose)ad-libitum60 days prior to mating and throughout gestation. Offspring were culled at weaning, day 21 (d21). Compared to CD dams, FD dams had altered glucose metabolism and increased milk free fatty acid content. Matsuda-DeFronzo insulin sensitivity index (M-ISI) from OGTT plasma showed no significant difference in whole-body insulin sensitivity between FD and CD dams 60 days post-dietary intervention and during midgestation. Fetal exposure to increased maternal fructose resulted in offspring with significantly altered serum free fatty acids at days 0, 7, 14, and 21 [including pentadecanoic acid (15:0), dma16:0, margaric acid (17:0) palmitoleic acid, total omega-7 and total saturates], increased levels of uric acid and triglycerides were also observed at d21. We have demonstrated that increased fructose intake during pregnancy can cause significant changes in maternal metabolic function and milk composition, which alters offspring metabolism. Taken together, these changes in pregnancy outcomes and feto-maternal condition may underlie their offspring's predisposition to metabolic dysfunction during later-life.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: Fetal liver length measurements between 21 and 24 weeks' gestation$$$ Purpose. To evaluate sonographic measurements of the fetal liver, fetal abdominal fat layer, interventricular septum, and Wharton's jelly area between 21 and 24 weeks' gestation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods. A total of 123 consecutive healthy pregnant women underwent sonographic examination at 21-24 weeks' gestational age. The measurements included fetal biometry, detailed anomaly scan, and fetal body composition measurements (subcutaneous fat, liver size, cardiac muscle thickness, and Wharton's jelly area). GDM was confirmed by way of a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test using World Health Organization criteria within 1 week of the examination. Results. Nineteen (15.4%) women were diagnosed with GDM, while 104 (84.6%) women were without GDM. The mean fetal liver length was 36 mm (95% CI 32-37) in women with GDM and 31 mm (95% CI 3033) in women without GDM (p < 0.01). Liver enlargement was related to maternal fasting glucose levels and not 2-hour postprandial levels. There was no significant difference in the fetal biometric and other fetal body measurements between the 2 groups. Conclusions. The findings of this study suggest that midtrimester fetal liver length appears to be longer in GDM than in normal pregnancies. However, the fetal abdominal fat layer, interventricular septum, and Wharton's jelly were not affected. Nevertheless, further, larger randomized studies are required to confirm these findings. (c) 2006 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
ALT/AST as an Independent Risk Factor of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Compared with TG/HDL-C$$$ Objective: This study aimed to find the association between alanine transaminase-toaspartate aminotransferase ratio (ALT/AST) and the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: A total of 1128 pregnant women were included in this prospective, double-center, observational cohort study. ALT, AST and total bilirubin (TBil) were tested during 6-12 weeks of gestation and 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was conducted during 24-28 weeks of gestation to screen GDM. The association between ALT/AST and glucose concentration during OGTT was analyzed by linear regression model. The OR with 95% CI for incidence of GDM associated with ALT/AST was estimated by binary logistic regression. The discriminatory values of ALT/AST and triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C) for GDM were calculated by the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC-AUC). Results: The incidence of GDM was 22.07% (249/1128). ALT/AST was higher in GDM group than in NGT group (0.92 [0.75, 1.18] vs 0.80[0.65, 1.02], P <0.001). ALT/AST had positive correlations with fasting blood glucose, 1-hour and 2-hour blood glucose concentration during OGTT (0.089 [95% CI: 0.034, 0.163], 0.176 [95% CI: 0.052, 0.104], and 0.115 [95% CI: 0.199, 0.609], respectively). The OR of ALT/AST for incidence of GDM was 1.603 (95% CI:1.097, 2.344). The ROC-AUC of ALT/AST and TG/HDL-C reached 0.615 (95% CI: 0.575, 0.655) and 0.619 (95% CI: 0.580, 0.659), respectively. Conclusion: ALT/AST in early pregnancy was an independent risk factor of GDM. The predictive ability of ALT/AST was similar to TG/HDL-C for GDM.
Dietary supplementation of inulin alleviates metabolism disorders in gestational diabetes mellitus mice via RENT/AKT/IRS/GLUT4 pathway$$$ Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has significant short and long-term health consequences for both the mother and child. There is limited but suggestive evidence that inulin could improve glucose tolerance during pregnancy. This study assessed the effect of inulin on glucose homeostasis and elucidated the molecular mechanisms underlying the inulin-induced antidiabetic effects during pregnancy. Method Female C57BL/6 mice were randomized to receive either no treatment, high-dose inulin and low-dose inulin for 7 weeks with measurement of biochemical profiles. A real-time(2) (RT2) profiler polymerase chain reaction (PCR) array involved in glycolipid metabolism was measured. Results Inulin treatment facilitated glucose homeostasis in a dose-dependent manner by decreasing fasting blood glucose, advanced glycation end products and total cholesterol, and improving glucose tolerance. Suppressing resistin (RETN) expression was observed in the inulin treatment group and the expression was significantly correlated with fasting blood glucose levels. The ratios of p-IRS to IRS and p-Akt to Akt in liver tissue and the ratio of p-Akt to Akt in adipose tissue as well as the expression level of GLUT4 increased significantly after inulin treatment. Conclusions Our findings indicated improvement of glucose and lipid metabolism by inulin was to activate glucose transport through the translocation of GLUT4 which was mediated by insulin signaling pathway repairment due to decreased expression of RETN and enhanced phosphorylation of IRS and Akt in GDM mice.
Early life high-fat diet exposure maintains glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity with a fatty liver and small brain size in the adult offspring$$$ Diet during pregnancy has long lasting consequences on the offspring, warranting a study on the impact of early exposure to a high fat diet on the adult offspring. We hypothesized that a prenatal n-6 enriched diet will have adverse metabolic outcomes on the adult offspring that may be reversed with a postnatal n-3 enriched diet. To test this hypothesis, we examined the adult offspring from three groups: (1) n-6 group: during gestation and lactation, dams consumed an n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid enriched diet, (2) n-3 group: gestational n-6 diet was followed by an n-3 enriched diet during lactation, and (3) a control (CD) group that received standard diet throughout gestation and lactation. Offspring from all groups weaned to a control diet ad libitum. Beginning at postnatal day 2 (P <.03) and persisting at 360 days in males (P <.04), an increase in hypothalamic AgRP expression occurred in the n-6 and n-3 groups, with an increase in food intake (P =.01), and the n-3 group displaying lower body (P <.03) and brain (P <.05) weights. At 360 days, the n-6 and n-3 groups remained glucose tolerant and insulin sensitive, with increased phosphorylatedAMP-activated protein kinase (P <.05). n-6 group developed hepatic steatosis with reduced hepatic reflected as higher plasma microRNA-122 (P <.04) that targets pAMPK. We conclude that early life exposure to n-6 and n-3 led to hypothalamic AgRP-related higher food intake, with n-6 culminating in a fatty liver partially mitigated by postnatal n-3. While both diets preserved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity, postnatal n-3 displayed detrimental effects on the brain. Published by Elseviernc.
The effects of prenatal metformin on obesogenic diet-induced alterations in maternal and fetal fatty acid metabolism$$$ Background: Maternal obesity may program the fetus and increase the susceptibility of the offspring to adult diseases. Metformin crosses the placenta and has been associated with decreased inflammation and reversal of fatty liver in obese leptin-deficient mice. We investigated the effects of metformin on maternal and fetal lipid metabolism and hepatic inflammation using a rat model of diet-induced obesity during pregnancy. Methods: Female Wistar rats (6-7 weeks old) were fed normal or high calorie diets for 5 weeks. After mating with normal-diet fed males, half of the high calorie-fed dams received metformin (300 mg/kg, daily); dams (8 per group) continued diets through gestational day 19. Maternal and fetal livers and fetal brains were analyzed for fatty acids and for fatty acid metabolism-related gene expression. Data were analyzed by ANOVA followed by Dunnett's post hoc testing. Results: When compared to control-lean maternal livers, obesogenic-diet-exposed maternal livers showed significantly higher saturated fatty acids (14: 0 and 16: 0) and monounsaturated fatty acids (16: 1n7 and 18: 1n9) and lower polyunsaturated (18: 2n6 and 20: 4n6 [arachidonic acid]) and anti-inflammatory n3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (18: 3n3 and 22: 6n3 [docosahexaenoic acid]) (p < 0.05). Metformin did not affect diet-induced changes in maternal livers. Fetal livers exposed to the high calorie diet showed significantly increased saturated fatty acids (18: 0) and monounsaturated fatty acids (18: 1n9 and 18: 1n7) and decreased polyunsaturated fatty acids (18: 2n6, 20: 4n6 and 22: 6n3) and anti-inflammatory n3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, along with increased gene expression of fatty acid metabolism markers (Fasn, D5d, D6d, Scd1, Lxra). Metformin significantly attenuated diet-induced inflammation and 18: 1n9 and 22: 6n3 in fetal livers, as well as n3 fatty acids (p < 0.05). Prenatal obesogenic diet exposure significantly increased fetal liver IFN. levels (p < 0.05), which was reversed by maternal metformin treatment (p < 0.05). Conclusions: Consumption of a high calorie diet significantly affected maternal and fetal fatty acid metabolism. It reduced anti-inflammatory polyunsaturated fatty acids in maternal and fetal livers, altered gene expression of fatty acid metabolism markers, and induced inflammation in the fetal livers. Prenatal metformin attenuated some diet-induced fatty acid changes and inflammation in the fetal livers without affecting maternal livers, suggesting that maternal metformin may impact fetal/neonatal fatty acid/lipid metabolism.
The Association of Alanine Aminotransferase in Early Pregnancy with Gestational Diabetes$$$ Background: Elevated alanine amino transferase, attributed to nonalcoholic fatty liver, is associated with later development of type 2 diabetes mellitus. We sought to determine whether maternal ALT values are associated with subsequent development of gestational diabetes. Methods: We performed a nested case-control study utilizing prospectively banked serum samples collected in early gestation. We excluded women with known diabetes, liver disease, or alcohol use. We included 83 cases of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 247 controls matched for prepregnancy body-mass index (BMI) and compared ALT values. We then performed a conditional logistic regression to model the adjusted odds of GDM in women with ALT 19U/L, stratified by prepregnancy BMI. Results: The median (interquartile range) ALT in cases was 15 (12, 19) IU/L compared to 13 (11, 18) IU/L in controls (P=0.07). Among women with a prepregnancy BMI <30kg/m(2), ALT 19U/L was associated with a fourfold increased odds of GDM (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 4.56 [1.45, 14.27]), while there was no such association among obese women (aOR 0.36 [0.11, 1.20]). Similarly, each unit increase in log-transformed ALT was associated with a threefold increased odds of GDM in nonobese (aOR 3.15 [1.04,9.54]), but not obese (aOR 3.15 [0.30,3.15]) women. Conclusion: The association of high normal ALT and later GDM in nonobese women may reflect the role of hepatic insulin resistance and visceral obesity.
Normalization of maternal adiponectin in obese pregnant mice prevents programming of impaired glucose metabolism in adult offspring$$$ Infants born to obese mothers have a greater risk for childhood obesity and insulin resistance. However, the underlying biological mechanism remains elusive, which constitutes a significant roadblock for developing specific prevention strategies. Maternal adiponectin levels are lower in obese pregnant women, which is linked with increased placental nutrient transport and fetal overgrowth. We have previously reported that adiponectin supplementation to obese dams during the last four days of pregnancy prevented the development of obesity, glucose intolerance, muscle insulin resistance, and fatty liver in three months old offspring. In the present study, we tested the hypothesis that 6-9-month-old offspring of obese dams show glucose intolerance associated with muscle insulin resistance and mitochondrial dysfunction and that normalization of maternal adiponectin in obese pregnant mice prevents the development of this phenotype in the offspring. Male and female offspring of obese mice exhibited in vivo glucose intolerance and insulin resistance at 6 and 9 months of age. In gastrocnemius muscles ex vivo, male and female offspring of obese dams showed reduced phosphorylation of insulin receptor substrate 1(Tyr-608), Akt(Thr-308), and decreased Glut4 plasma membrane translocation upon insulin stimulation. These metabolic abnormalities in offspring born to obese mice were largely prevented by normalization of maternal adiponectin levels in late pregnancy. We provide evidence that low circulating maternal adiponectin is a critical mechanistic link between maternal obesity and the development of metabolic disease in offspring. Strategies aimed at improving maternal adiponectin levels may prevent long-term metabolic dysfunction in offspring of obese mothers.
AST-to-ALT ratio in the first trimester and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ BackgroundAspartate aminotransferase-to-alanine transaminase ratio (AST/ALT) has been reported affect the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2DM), but it is uncertain if it has relationship with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). ObjectivesOur study aimed to investigate the association between AST/ALT ratio in the first trimester and the risk of subsequent development of GDM. MethodThis prospective cohort study enrolling 870 pregnant women, 204 pregnant women with missing data or liver diseases were excluded, 666 pregnant women were included in this study containing 94 GDM women. Blood samples were collected in the first trimester. Univariate analysis and multivariate logistic regression were used to evaluate the association between AST/ALT and GDM. Nomogram was established based on the results of multivariate logistic analysis. Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curves and calibration curves were used to evaluate the predictive ability of this nomogram model for GDM. Decision curve analysis (DCA) was used to examine the clinical net benefit of predictive model. ResultsAST/ALT ratio (RR:0.228; 95% CI:0.107-0.488) was associated with lower risk of GDM after adjusting for confounding factors. Indicators used in nomogram including AST/ALT, maternal age, preBMI, waist circumference, glucose, triglycerides, high density lipoprotein cholesterol and parity. The area under the ROC curve (AUC) value of this predictive model was 0.778, 95% CI (0.724, 0.832). Calibration curves for GDM probabilities showed acceptable agreement between nomogram predictions and observations. The DCA curve demonstrated a good positive net benefit in the predictive model. ConclusionsThe early AST/ALT level of pregnant women negatively correlated with the risk of GDM. The nomogram including AST/ALT at early pregnancy shows good predictive ability for the occurrence of GDM.
Programming Skeletal Muscle Metabolic Flexibility in Offspring of Male Rats in Response to Maternal Consumption of Slow Digesting Carbohydrates during Pregnancy$$$ Skeletal muscle plays a relevant role in metabolic flexibility and fuel usage and the associated muscle metabolic inflexibility due to high-fat diets contributing to obesity and type 2 diabetes. Previous research from our group indicates that a high-fat and rapid-digesting carbohydrate diet during pregnancy promotes an excessive adipogenesis and also increases the risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in the offspring. This effect can be counteracted by diets containing carbohydrates with similar glycemic load but lower digestion rates. To address the role of the skeletal muscle in these experimental settings, pregnant rats were fed high-fat diets containing carbohydrates with similar glycemic load but different digestion rates, a high fat containing rapid-digesting carbohydrates diet (HF/RD diet) or a high fat containing slow-digesting carbohydrates diet (HF/SD diet). After weaning, male offspring were fed a standard diet for 3 weeks (weaning) or 10 weeks (adolescence) and the impact of the maternal HF/RD and HF/SD diets on the metabolism, signaling pathways and muscle transcriptome was analyzed. The HF/SD offspring displayed better muscle features compared with the HF/RD group, showing a higher muscle mass, myosin content and differentiation markers that translated into a greater grip strength. In the HF/SD group, metabolic changes such as a higher expression of fatty acids (FAT/CD36) and glucose (GLUT4) transporters, an enhanced glycogen content, as well as changes in regulatory enzymes such as muscle pyruvate kinase and pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase 4 were found, supporting an increased muscle metabolic flexibility and improved muscle performance. The analysis of signaling pathways was consistent with a better insulin sensitivity in the muscle of the HF/SD group. Furthermore, increased expression of genes involved in pathways leading to muscle differentiation, muscle mass regulation, extracellular matrix content and insulin sensitivity were detected in the HF/SD group when compared with HF/RD animals. In the HF/SD group, the upregulation of the ElaV1/HuR gene could be one of the main regulators in the positive effects of the diet in early programming on the offspring. The long-lasting programming effects of the HF/SD diet during pregnancy may depend on a coordinated gene regulation, modulation of signaling pathways and metabolic flexibility that lead to an improved muscle functionality. The dietary early programming associated to HF/SD diet has synergic and positive crosstalk effects in several tissues, mainly muscle, liver and adipose tissue, contributing to maintain the whole body homeostasis in the offspring.
\Metabolic Syndrome: Sex-Related Cardiovascular Risk and Therapeutic Approach$$$ Background: The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of risk factors for the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). According to several meta-analyses, it has been shown that the cardiovascular (CV) risk conferred by the MetS is higher in women in comparison with men. There are many possible reasons to explain a higher CV risk in women with MetS: the most important differences can be attributed to distribution of central adiposity, lipid profile and hormones, but also differences in platelet biology and biochemistry play an important role. Methods: In this article we performed a research using PubMed database reviewing the evidence in literature (in particular clinical trials and meta-analyses) or lack of evidence/biased information regarding the distribution by gender of MetS components and associated CV risk and we intended to provide a consequent gender perspective to the treatment of MetS and CV risk. Results: Twenty-three papers were evaluated searching for sex differences in the prevalence of MetS and CV risk. We also identified fifty-six papers dealing with sex differences in adiposity, insulin resistance and hormonal regulation. In terms of gender-specific expression of MetS in chronic disease we analyzed thirty-one papers focusing the attention on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, rheumatoid arthritis and HIV infection. We also evaluated twenty papers focusing on gender differences in platelet biology/ reactivity and thirty-three papers on the gender approach in the treatment of MetS. The CV risk conferred by MetS segregates differently according to gender; differences between sexes may depend on the different representation of MetS components, gender-specific genetic, acquired metabolic and hormonal milieu and finally on a differential interaction between known risk factors and gender-specific properties, resulting in different degrees of pathophysiological events eventually leading to atherothrombosis. Regarding a potential sex-related therapeutic approach, even if gender-related differences exist in the pharmacokinetics of drugs for differences in body composition, plasma protein binding, metabolizing enzymes and difference in excretion characteristics, we have to acknowledge that women are under-represented in clinical trials, thus preventing from adequately challenging the efficacy and safety of drugs in this gender. Conclusion: While ncreasing knowledge exists regarding pathophysiological differences between genders in the prevalence of MetS components as well as in the associated car-diometabolic risk, underrepresentation of women in clinical trials and underutilization of guideline therapy, for instance in women with ischemic heart disease, largely flaw the interpretation of epidemiological and clinical evidence. Efforts should be undertaken to fight the so-called "Yentl syndrome" and to promote gender-specific drug trials, or at least studies where subgroup analyses by gender are pre-specified.
Sex differences between parental pregnancy characteristics and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in adolescents$$$ Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a complex chronic liver disorder. Examination of parental pregnancy-related characteristics may provide insights into the origins of risk of NAFLD in offspring. We examined relationships between parental pregnancy-related characteristics and NAFLD in 1,170 adolescent offspring aged 17 years participating in the Western Australian Pregnancy (Raine) Cohort Study. Fatty liver was diagnosed using liver ultrasound. NAFLD was diagnosed in 15.2% of adolescents at age 17 years. In univariate analysis, maternal factors associated with NAFLD in female offspring were younger maternal age (P = 0.02), higher maternal prepregnancy BMI (P < 0.001), higher maternal weight gain by 18 weeks' gestation (P < 0.001), and maternal smoking during pregnancy (P = 0.04). Paternal age or body mass index (BMI) were not associated with NAFLD in female offspring. In contrast, higher paternal BMI (P < 0.001), maternal prepregnancy BMI (P < 0.001), and lower family socioeconomic status (SES) at time of birth (P = 0.001), but not parental age nor maternal gestational weight gain, were associated with NAFLD in male offspring. Using multivariate logistic regression, factors independently associated with NAFLD after adjusting for obesity in adolescent females included maternal obesity (odds ratio [OR], 3.46; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.49-8.05; P = 0.004) and maternal weight gain 6.0 kg by the 18th week of gestation (OR, 1.10; 95% CI, 1.04-1.15; P < 0.001). In adolescent males, family SES at the time of birth (OR, 9.07; 95% CI, 1.54-53.29; P = 0.02) remained significantly associated with NAFLD after multivariate modeling adjusted for adolescent obesity. Conclusion: Early-life contributors to NAFLD show considerable sexual dimorphism. Maternal obesity and higher early-mid gestational weight gain were associated with NAFLD in female offspring, whereas lower family SES at birth was associated with NAFLD in male offspring independent of adolescent obesity. (Hepatology 2018;67:108-122).
A Western-style obesogenic diet alters maternal metabolic physiology with consequences for fetal nutrient acquisition in mice$$$ In the Western world, obesogenic diets containing high fat and high sugar (HFHS) are commonly consumed during pregnancy. However, the impacts of a HFHS diet during pregnancy on maternal insulin sensitivity and signalling in relation to feto-placental growth and glucose utilization are unknown. The present study examined the effects of a HFHS diet during mouse pregnancy on maternal glucose tolerance and insulin resistance, as well as, on feto-placental glucose metabolism. Female mice were fed a control or HFHS diet from day (D) 1 of pregnancy (term=D20.5). At D16 or D19, dams were assessed for body composition, metabolite and hormone concentrations, tissue abundance of growth and metabolic signalling pathways, glucose tolerance and utilization and insulin sensitivity. HFHS feeding perturbed maternal insulin sensitivity in late pregnancy; hepatic insulin sensitivity was higher, whereas sensitivity of the skeletal muscle and white adipose tissue was lower in HFHS than control dams. These changes were accompanied by increased adiposity and reduced glucose production and glucose tolerance of HFHS dams. The HFHS diet also disturbed the hormone and metabolite milieu and altered expression of growth and metabolic signalling pathways in maternal tissues. Furthermore, HFHS feeding was associated with impaired feto-placental glucose metabolism and growth. A HFHS diet during pregnancy therefore causes maternal metabolic dysfunction with consequences for maternal nutrient allocation for fetal growth. These findings have implications for the health of women and their infants, who consume HFHS diets during pregnancy.
Adverse Maternal Environment and Postweaning Western Diet Alter Hepatic CD36 Expression and Methylation Concurrently with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Mouse Offspring$$$ Background: The role of an adverse maternal environment (AME) in conjunction with a postweaning Western diet (WD) in the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in adult offspring has not been explored. Likewise, the molecular mechanisms associated with AME-induced NAFLD have not been studied. The fatty acid translocase or cluster of differentiation 36 (CD36) has been implicated to play a causal role in the pathogenesis of WD-induced steatosis. However, it is unknown if CD36 plays a role in AME-induced NAFLD. Objective: This study was designed to evaluate the isolated and additive impact of AME and postweaning WD on the expression and DNA methylation of hepatic Cd36 in association with the development of NAFLD in a novel mouse model. Methods: AME constituted maternal WD and maternal stress, whereas the control (Con) group had neither. Female C57BL/6J mice were fed a WD [40% fat energy, 29.1% sucrose energy, and 0.15% cholesterol (wt/wt)] 5 wk prior to pregnancy and throughout lactation. Non invasive variable stressors (random frequent cage changing, limited bedding, novel object, etc.) were applied to WD dams during the last third of pregnancy to produce an AME. Con dams consumed the control diet (CD) (10% fat energy, no sucrose or cholesterol) and were not exposed to stress. Male offspring were weaned onto either CD or WD, creating 4 experimental groups: Con-CD, Con-WD, AME-CD, and AME-WD, and evaluated for metabolic and molecular parameters at 120 d of age. Results: AME and postweaning WD independently and additively increased the development of hepatic steatosis in adult male offspring. AME and WD independently and additively upregulated hepatic CD36 protein and mRNA expression and hypomethylated promoters 2 and 3 of the Cd36 gene. Conclusions: Using a mouse AME model together with postweaning WD, this study demonstrates a role for CD36 in AME-induced NAFLD in offspring and reveals 2 regions of environmentally induced epigenetic heterogeneity within Cd36.
Maternal taurine supplementation attenuates maternal fructose-induced metabolic and inflammatory dysregulation and partially reverses adverse metabolic programming in offspring$$$ Excessive fructose consumption is associated with insulin resistance (IR) and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and high fructose intake during pregnancy can lead to compromised fetal development in the rat Evidence suggests that the amino acid taurine can ameliorate fructose-induced IR and NAFLD in nonpregnant animals. This study investigated the efficacy of taurine supplementation on maternal fructose-induced metabolic dysfunction and neonatal health. Time-mated Wistar rats were randomized to four groups during pregnancy and lactation: (a) control diet (CON), (b) CON supplemented with 1.5% taurine in drinking water (CT), (c) CON supplemented with fructose solution (F) and (d) F supplemented with taurine (FT). Maternal and neonatal weights, plasma cytokines and hepatic gene expression were analyzed. Maternal hyperinsulinemia, increased homeostasis model assessment of IR indices and elevated proinflammatory cytokines were observed in F group and normalized in FT group. Maternal fructose-induced hepatic steatosis accompanied with increased liver weight was ameliorated with taurine supplementation. Maternal hepatic sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c and fatty acid synthase expression was significantly increased in the F group compared to the CON, CT and FT groups. Neonatal hepatic phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase expression was increased in male F neonates compared to the CON, Cl' and FT groups and was increased in female F and FT neonates compared to CON and CT. Interleukin-1 beta expression was decreased in male Cl' and FT neonates compared to other male groups. Hepatic tumour necrosis factor receptor-1 was lower in the male FT group than the F group. These results demonstrate that maternal taurine supplementation can partially reverse fructoseinduced maternal metabolic dysfunction and may ameliorate adverse developmental programming effects in offspring in a sex-specific manner. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Acute Liver Failure (ALF) in Pregnancy: How Much Is Pregnancy Related?$$$ Background and Aims Acute liver failure (ALF), characterized by sudden onset of coagulopathy (international normalized ratio [INR] >= 1.5) and encephalopathy, may occur during pregnancy either as a pregnancy-associated etiology or an unrelated and coincidental liver injury. The U.S. Acute Liver Failure Study Group, comprised of 33 tertiary care liver centers, has enrolled consecutive patients with ALF or acute liver injury (ALI; INR >= 2.0 with no encephalopathy), over two decades. Approach and Results Etiologies, clinical features, and outcomes of 70 of 3,155 patients (2.2%) who developed ALF or ALI during pregnancy were reviewed to determine how many were pregnancy associated (pregnancy-associated liver disease; PAALD) and how many were attributed to other etiologies. Thirty-five of the 70 were considered PAALD, of whom nearly half were attributed to hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets (HELLP) syndrome and half to acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP), although, in some instances, the distinction was unclear. Virtually all with PAALD had been delivered before hepatology referral, mostly by cesarean section. Acetaminophen toxicity accounted for 21 (60% of the remaining cases), with the remainder resulting from a variety of other causes, but not including viral hepatitis A through E. Although recovery with delivery or supportive measures was possible in most cases, 11 of 70 (16%) required liver transplantation and 8 (11%) died. Swansea criteria to diagnose AFLP were met by all patients with PAALD and also by virtually all women with other forms of ALF. Conclusions Only half of those with ALF during pregnancy appeared to have HELLP or AFLP. Morbidity and mortality for mother and fetus are strongly associated with etiology of liver failure.
Maternal overnutrition before and during pregnancy induces DNA damage in male offspring: A rabbit model$$$ Using a rabbit model, we investigated whether maternal intake of a high-fat and high-carbohydrate diet (HFCD) before and during pregnancy induces an increase in micronuclei frequency and oxidative stress in offspring during adulthood. Female rabbits received a standard diet (SD) or HFCD for two months before mating and during gestation. The offspring from both groups were nursed by foster mothers fed SD until postnatal day 35. After weaning, all the animals received SD until postnatal day 440. At postnatal day 370, the frequency of micronuclei in peripheral blood reticulocytes (MN-RETs) increased in the male offspring from HFCD-fed mothers compared with the male offspring from SD-fed mothers. Additionally, fasting serum glucose increased in the offspring from HFCD-fed mothers compared with the offspring from SD-fed mothers. At postnatal day 440, the offspring rabbits were challenged with HFCD or continued with SD for 30 days. There was an increase in MN-RET frequency in the male rabbits from HFCD-fed mothers, independent of the type of challenging diet consumed during adulthood. The challenge induced changes in serum cholesterol, LDL and HDL that were influenced by the maternal diet and offspring sex. We measured malondialdehyde in the liver of rabbits as an oxidative stress marker after diet challenge. Oxidative stress in the liver only increased in the female offspring from HFCD-fed mothers who were also challenged with this same diet. The data indicate that maternal overnutrition before and during pregnancy is able to promote different effects depending on the sex of the animals, with chromosomal instability in male offspring and oxidative stress and hypercholesterolemia in female offspring. Our data might be important in the understanding of chronic diseases that develop in adulthood due to in utero exposure to maternal diet.
Hypothalamic endoplasmic reticulum stress and insulin resistance in offspring of mice dams fed high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation$$$ Objective. The goal of this study was to determine the presence early of markers of endoplasmic reticulum stress (ERS) and insulin resistance in the offspring from dams fed HFD (HFD-O) or standard chow diet (SC-O) during pregnancy and lactation. Materials/Methods. To address this question, we evaluated the hypothalamic and hepatic tissues in recently weaned mice (d28) and the hypothalamus of newborn mice (d0) from dams fed HFD or SC during pregnancy and lactation. Results. Body weight, adipose tissue mass, and food intake were more accentuated in HFD-O mice than in SC-O mice. In addition, intolerance to glucose and insulin was higher in HFD-O mice than in SC-O mice. Compared with SC-O mice, levels of hypothalamic IL1-beta mRNA, NF kappa B protein, and p-JNK were increased in HFD-O mice. Furthermore, compared with SC-O mice, hypothalamic AKT phosphorylation after insulin challenge was reduced, while markers of ERS (p-PERK, p-eIF2 alpha, XBP1s, GRP78, and GRP94) and p-AMPK were increased in the hypothalamic tissue of HFD-O at d28 but not at d0. These damages to hypothalamic signaling were accompanied by increased triglyceride deposits, activation of NF kappa B, p-JNK, p-PERK and p-eIF2 alpha. Conclusion. These point out lactation period as maternal trigger for metabolic changes in the offspring. These changes may occur early and quietly contribute to obesity and associated pathologies in adulthood. Although in rodents the establishment of ARC neuronal projections occurs during the lactation period, in humans it occurs during the third trimester. Gestational diabetes and obesity in this period may contribute to impairment of energy homeostasis. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Circulating chemerin levels and gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Chemerin is a novel adipokine which is associated with metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus. However, recent investigations regarding circulating chemerin levels in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are conflicting. This meta-analysis is to evaluate and determine their associations. Methods: A systematic literature search was performed in PubMed, EMBASE and Web of Science up to 13 December 2017. Pooled standardized mean differences (SMD) and 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated using a random-effect model. Results: Eleven studies comprising 742 GDM patients and 840 normal pregnant women were included. Circulating chemerin levels were increased in GDM patients compared with healthy pregnant women (SMD: 1.16; 95% CI: 0.29, 2. 04; P = 0.009). Subgroup analyses revealed such difference was especially available in the groups of the second trimester (SMD: 1.47; 95% CI: 0.28, 2.67) and mean age < 30 years (SMD: 2.30; 95% CI: 0.69, 3.91) of GDM patients. There was significant heterogeneity among studies (I-2 = 98.0%, P < 0.001); however, heterogeneity disappeared or markedly decreased in the subgroups of European populations (I-2 = 0.0%, P = 0.531), age >= 30 years (I-2 = 28.2%, P = 0.223) and WHO diagnostic criteria (I-2 = 0.0%, P = 0.490) when stratifying by study location, trimester of chemerin measurement and the diagnostic criteria of GDM. Conclusions: The elevated levels of circulating chemerin were associated with GDM, which suggests it might play an important role in the pathogenetic mechanism of GDM.
Hepatic Insulin Signaling Changes: Possible Mechanism in Prenatal Hypoxia-Increased Susceptibility of Fatty Liver in Adulthood$$$ Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is strongly linked to insulin resistance. Prenatal hypoxia (PH) is a risk factor in programming of insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, and metabolic dysfunctions in later life, although the mechanisms are unclear. In this study, the role of metabolic and histological changes as well as the hepatic insulin signaling mechanisms were determined in increasing susceptibility of NAFLD in the fetus and offspring exposed to PH. Pregnant rats exposed to hypoxia (O-2 10%) during pregnancy demonstrated decreased fetal body and liver weight as well as liver to body weight ratio, whereas these changes were not observed in the offspring. However, male liver to body weight ratio increased after PH stress. Microscopic analysis demonstrated that exposure to PH resulted in distorted architecture of the hepatic parenchyma cells with reduced cellularity in the fetus and offspring. Blood glucose and insulin levels were lower with enhanced insulin sensitivity and increased expression of hepatic insulin-signaling elements in the fetus. Furthermore, insulin resistance, impaired glucose homeostasis, and altered expression of insulin-signaling elements occurred in the offspring. Postnatal hypoxia increased hepatic lipid droplets and triglyceride in liver, whereas expressions of insulin-signaling elements were less in the offspring exposed to PH except glucose transporters 2. The results indicated that PH contributed to hepatocyte heteroplasia and metabolic changes that enhanced vulnerability for NAFLD in the offspring, probably via affecting insulin signaling pathway, including glucose transporters 2. (Endocrinology 153: 4955-4965, 2012)
Liver ChREBP deficiency inhibits fructose-induced insulin resistance in pregnant mice and female offspring$$$ High fructose intake during pregnancy increases insulin resistance (IR) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk. IR during pregnancy primarily results from elevated hormone levels. We aim to determine the role of liver carbohydrate response element binding protein (ChREBP) in insulin sensitivity and lipid metabolism in pregnant mice and their offspring. Pregnant C57BL/6J wild-type mice and hepatocyte-specific ChREBP-deficient mice were fed with a high-fructose diet (HFrD) or normal chow diet (NC) pre-delivery. We found that the combination of HFrD with pregnancy excessively activates hepatic ChREBP, stimulating progesterone synthesis by increasing MTTP expression, which exacerbates IR. Increased progesterone levels upregulated hepatic ChREBP via the progesterone-PPAR gamma axis. Placental progesterone activated the progesterone-ChREBP loop in female offspring, contributing to IR and lipid accumulation. In normal dietary conditions, hepatic ChREBP modestly affected progesterone production and influenced IR during pregnancy. Our findings reveal the role of hepatic ChREBP in regulating insulin sensitivity and lipid homeostasis in both pregnant mice consuming an HFrD and female offspring, and suggest it as a potential target for managing gestational metabolic disorders, including GDM. Hepatic ChREBP depletion improves insulin resistance and reduces hepatic lipid accumulation in pregnant mice and their female offsprings exposed to a high-fructose diet during pregnancy.Insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis induced by high-fructose diet during pregnancy are associated with overactivation of hepatic ChREBP. Hepatocyte-specific ChREBP depletion improves insulin resistance and inhibits hepatic lipid accumulation in pregnant mice and their female offsprings exposed to a high-fructose diet during pregnancy. Hepatic ChREBP and progesterone form a positive feedback loop involved in regulating high-fructose diet-induced insulin resistance and lipid synthesis during pregnancy. Hepatic ChREBP depletion improves insulin resistance and reduces hepatic lipid accumulation in pregnant mice and their female offsprings exposed to a high-fructose diet during pregnancy.
The association between plasma angiopoietin-like protein 4, glucose and lipid metabolism during pregnancy, placental function, and risk of delivering large-for-gestational-age neonates$$$ Background: Large-for-gestational-age (LGA) neonates have increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and adult metabolic diseases. We aimed to investigate the relationship between plasma angiopoietin-like protein 4 (ANGPTL4), a protein involved in lipid and glucose metabolism during pregnancy, placental function, growth factors, and the risk of LGA. Methods: We conducted a prospective cohort study and recruited women with singleton pregnancies at the National Taiwan University Hospital between 2013 and 2018. First trimester maternal plasma ANGPTL4 concentrations were measured. Results: Among 353 pregnant women recruited, the LGA group had higher first trimester plasma ANGPTL4 concentrations than the appropriate-for-gestational-age group. Plasma ANGPTL4 was associated with hemoglobin A1c, post-load plasma glucose, plasma triglyceride, plasma free fatty acid concentrations, plasma growth hormone variant (GH-V), and birth weight, but was not associated with cord blood growth factors. After adjusting for age, body mass index, hemoglobin A1c, and plasma triglyceride concentrations, plasma ANGPTL4 concentrations were significantly associated with LGA risk, and its predictive performance, as measured by the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve, outperformed traditional risk factors for LGA. Conclusions: Plasma ANGPTL4 is associated with glucose and lipid metabolism during pregnancy, plasma GH-V, and birth weight, and is an early biomarker for predicting the risk of LGA.
Maternal Diet Quality During Pregnancy and Offspring Hepatic Fat in Early Childhood: The Healthy Start Study$$$ Background: Overnutrition in utero may increase offspring risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), but the specific contribution of maternal diet quality during pregnancy to this association remains understudied in humans.Objectives: This study aimed to examine the associations of maternal diet quality during pregnancy with offspring hepatic fat in early childhood (median: 5 y old, range: 4-8 y old).Methods: Data were from 278 mother-child pairs in the longitudinal, Colorado-based Healthy Start Study. Multiple 24-h recalls were collected from mothers during pregnancy on a monthly basis (median: 3 recalls, range: 1-8 recalls starting after enrollment), and used to estimate maternal usual nutrient intakes and dietary pattern scores [Healthy Eating Index-2010 (HEI-2010), Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII), and Relative Mediterranean Diet Score (rMED)]. Offspring hepatic fat was measured in early childhood by MRI. Associations of maternal dietary predictors during pregnancy with offspring log-transformed hepatic fat were assessed using linear regression models adjusted for offspring demographics, maternal/perinatal confounders, and maternal total energy intake.Results: Higher maternal fiber intake and rMED scores during pregnancy were associated with lower offspring hepatic fat in early childhood in fully adjusted models [Back-transformed beta (95% CI): 0.82 (0.72, 0.94) per 5 g/1000 kcal fiber; 0.93 (0.88, 0.99) per 1 SD for rMED]. In contrast, higher maternal total sugar and added sugar intakes, and DII scores were associated with higher offspring hepatic fat [Back -transformed beta (95% CI): 1.18 (1.05, 1.32) per 5% kcal/d added sugar; 1.08 (0.99, 1.18) per 1 SD for DII]. Analyses of dietary pattern subcomponents also revealed that lower maternal intakes of green vegetables and legumes and higher intake of "empty calories" were associated with higher offspring hepatic fat in early childhood.Conclusions: Poorer maternal diet quality during pregnancy was associated with greater offspring susceptibility to hepatic fat in early childhood. Our findings provide insights into potential perinatal targets for the primordial prevention of pediatric NAFLD.
Risk Factors Screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Heterogeneity in Chinese Pregnant Women: A Case-Control Study$$$ Purpose: To study the risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) heterogeneity, and to evaluate the correlation between the risk factors and obesity. Methods: We performed a case-control study of 452 women with GDM and 516 women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) at the first and second trimester. We defined GDM women as GDM-resistance subtype, GDM-dysfunction subtype, and GDM-mixed subtype, according to their simultaneous insulin-release test with predominant insulin-sensitivity defect, insulin-secretion defect, or both defects. Results: We found that higher maternal age, family history of diabetes, the elevated level of fasting blood glucose in the first trimester (>= 5.1 mmol/L) were risk factors of all GDM subtypes. Pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity and the increased gestational weight gain (GWG) in the first-trimester are risk factors of the GDM-resistance subtype. Indicators including younger age at first menstruation, the elevated levels of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), total bile acid (TBA), triglyceride (TG), and the decreased level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) are risk factors of the GDM-resistance subtype. However, the associations between those risk factors and GDM-resistance subtype attenuated after adjusted by pre-pregnancy body mass index (pre-BMI) and gestational weight gain (GWG) in the first trimester. Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and the improved level of TG are independent risk factors for the GDM-resistance subtype and the GDM-mixed subtype, respectively. Conclusion: Women with GDM exhibited heterogeneity based on glycemic physiology and their risk factors are not all the same. Some obesity-related risk factors are specific to the GDM-resistance subtype, which are mediated by pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity and the elevated GWG the first-trimester.
Emerging Protein Biomarkers for the Diagnosis or Prediction of Gestational Diabetes-A Scoping Review$$$ Introduction: Gestational diabetes (GDM), defined as hyperglycemia with onset or initial recognition during pregnancy, has a rising prevalence paralleling the rise in type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and obesity. GDM is associated with short-term and long-term consequences for both mother and child. Therefore, it is crucial we efficiently identify all cases and initiate early treatment, reducing fetal exposure to hyperglycemia and reducing GDM-related adverse pregnancy outcomes. For this reason, GDM screening is recommended as part of routine pregnancy care. The current screening method, the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), is a lengthy, cumbersome and inconvenient test with poor reproducibility. Newer biomarkers that do not necessitate a fasting sample are needed for the prompt diagnosis of GDM. The aim of this scoping review is to highlight and describe emerging protein biomarkers that fulfill these requirements for the diagnosis of GDM. Materials and Methods: This scoping review was conducted according to preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses (PRISMA) guidelines for scoping reviews using Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), the Cumulative Index to Nursing & Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), PubMed, Embase and Web of Science with a double screening and extraction process. The search included all articles published in the literature to July 2020. Results: Of the 3519 original database citations identified, 385 were eligible for full-text review. Of these, 332 (86.2%) were included in the scoping review providing a total of 589 biomarkers studied in relation to GDM diagnosis. Given the high number of biomarkers identified, three post hoc criteria were introduced to reduce the items set for discussion: we chose only protein biomarkers with at least five citations in the articles identified by our search and published in the years 2017-2020. When applied, these criteria identified a total of 15 biomarkers, which went forward for review and discussion. Conclusions: This review details protein biomarkers that have been studied to find a suitable test for GDM diagnosis with the potential to replace the OGTT used in current GDM screening protocols. Ongoing research efforts will continue to identify more accurate and practical biomarkers to take GDM screening and diagnosis into the 21st century.
Maternal Supplementation with β-Carotene During Pregnancy Disturbs Lipid Metabolism and Glucose Homoeostasis in F1 Female Mice$$$ Scope beta -Carotene (BC), a substitute for vitamin A, is widely used for its benefits. The present study investigates whether in-utero BC administration can alter lipid and glucose homoeostasis in offspring. Methods and resultsPregnant mice are supplemented with BC (1 mg kg(-1) weight) by oral gavage once every 3 days, for a total of six doses. Increased visceral fat may be caused by up-regulated PPAR gamma (peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma) and RXR alpha/beta (retinoid X receptors) in liver and adipose tissue, and glucose intolerance is observed in F1 adult females prenatally supplemented with BC, while F1 males do not exhibit these symptoms. In females, increased serum leptin, resistin, and IL-6 and reduced adiponectin, caused by visceral obesity, may result in downregulated insulin receptor signaling in muscle and further account for glucose intolerance. Increased pancreatic beta -cell mass might compensate for the downregulated insulin gene (ins2). Increased glucagon and alpha -cell mass, accompanied by upregulated glucagon gene (gcg), might also be risk factors for the development of diabetes. ConclusionsMaternal supplementation with BC disturbs lipid metabolism and induces glucose intolerance in F1 female mice, suggesting that BC supplementation during pregnancy should be used with caution.
Development of a Fatty Liver Model by Restricted Feeding of Lactating Sheep$$$ Background: As a frequent subclinical disease, fatty liver disease (FLD) is associated with a severe negative energy balance (NEB) during the early lactation period, and usually cause of economic loss to dairy farmers. Liver biopsy is the gold standard for the assessment of FLD. However, as an invasive procedure, liver biopsy has several limitations and such procedures are not readily available to dairy farmers. To further evaluate FLD in dairy cows, a FLD model of lactating sheep was developed by simulation of the state of negative energy balance (NEB). Materials, Methods & Results: Fourteen pregnancy thin-tail ewes were divided into control group (CG, n = 4), non-lamb restrained feeding group (NRG, n = 4) and single birth restrained feeding group (SRG, n = 6). After lambing, NRG and SRG ewe were received a feed restrained diet for 16 days. Liver biopsies and blood was collected on days 1, 4, 7, 10, 13, and 16, and biochemical parameters were analyzed. With restricted feeding and lactation administration, ewes in SRG showed increased liver fat concentrations (LFC) from days 4 post-administration and severe LFC was detected at day 13. Compared with CG, SRG sheep showed significant lower concentration of serum glucose (Glu) from days 7-13 and higher non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) from days 4-16, beta-hydroxybutyric acid (BHBA) from days 4-16, triglyceride from days 4-16, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol from days 4-16, lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) from days 13-16, aspartate aminotransferase (AST) at days 16. While, ewes in NRG showed normal LFC levels, and high concentration of serum Glu and insulin from days 4-16 were detected than CG and SRG ewes. With restricted feeding, ewes in NRG and SRG showed significant low level of revised quantitative insulin sensitivity check index from days 4-16 and high level of liver total cholesterol (TC) at day 16. Liver pathological characteristics showed LFC of NEB sheep was first detected around the liver portal area. Discussion: In this study, a model of FLD in lactating thin-tail sheep was developed by restricted feeding. Serum glucose concentrations were sharply decreased in SRG sheep, that was due to the large energy requirements for lactation and low energy provided by a restricted diet. While non-lactating NRG sheep demonstrated lower fat mobilization, which was considered to contribute to the high concentrations of serum glucose, as compared to SRG sheep. Meanwhile, in a state of NEB, oxaloacetic acid, which is generated by glycolysis and glycogenic amino acids, tends to be used for gluconeogenesis, that a generous amount of NEFA is incompletely oxidized to generate ketone body in SRG sheep, which is a major component of BHBA. Liver TC concentrations were significantly higher in NRG sheep than those in the SRG sheep, while liver triglyceride was significantly lower. The high level of liver TC in NRG sheep was considered to induce removal of triglyceride from the liver in the form of VLDL. Compared with CG sheep, although higher levels of liver TC were detected in SRG sheep on postpartum day 16, these levels were considered too low to induce significant depletion of triglycerides from the liver. In this study, the increase in serum AST and LDH was considered to cause by oxidative stress in mitochondria, and LDH concentrations was considered more sensitively than AST for LFC caused by NEB. Liver pathological characteristics showed that FLD caused by NEB had a major impact on reduced LFC, although no significant liver fibrosis was detected. While different from FLD caused by high-fat diet, TG was first accumulates around the hepatic lobules and LFC of NEB sheep was first detected around the liver portal area. It was considered that high concentrations of NEFA are prioritized for oxygenation in the liver portal area, which results in triglyceride accumulation.
Serum CD44 levels in early pregnancy and its genetic variants for increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in Chinese pregnant women$$$ This study aimed to explore associations of serum cluster of differentiation 44 (CD44) levels and its genetic variants in early pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We conducted a 1:1 case-control study (n = 414) nested in a prospective cohort of 22,302 pregnant women recruited from 2010 to 2012 in Tianjin, China. Blood samples were collected at the first antenatal care visit (at a median of 10th gestational week). Binary conditional logistic regressions were performed to examine associations of serum CD44 levels and its genetic variants with increased risk of GDM. In this study, we found that serum CD44 levels in early pregnancy was associated with GDM risk in a U-shaped manner. High serum CD44 levels and its genetic risk score in early pregnancy were associated with markedly increased risk of GDM after adjustment for traditional confounders (OR: 1.95, 95%CI: 1.12-3.40 & 1.95, 1.05-3.61). Furthermore, after adjustment for serum CD44 levels, the OR of CD44 genetic risk score for GDM was slightly attenuated but not significant (1.84, 0.98-3.48). In conclusion, serum CD44 levels and its genetic variants in early pregnancy were associated with GDM risk in Chinese pregnant women, with the effect of CD44 genetic variants being accounted for by serum CD44. Significance: Recent studies suggested that pregnant women with GDM may have abnormal levels of CD44 and abnormal expression of CD44 gene, but it is uncertain whether abnormal CD44 plays a causal role in occurrence of GDM. Specifically, it remains unknown whether serum CD44 levels in early pregnancy and its genetic variants can predict the later occurrence of GDM. In this study, we found that high serum CD44 levels in early pregnancy and its genetic variants were associated with markedly increased risk of GDM in Chinese pregnant women, with the effect of CD44 genetic variants being largely accounted for by serum CD44 levels. Our study is the first reporting that serum CD44 levels and its genetic variants were associated with markedly increased risk of GDM. These multi-omics risk markers may be useful for identification of women at high risk of GDM in early pregnancy. Our findings also provide new insights into the disease mechanisms.
Placental Accumulation of Triacylglycerols in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Its Association with Altered Fetal Growth are Related to the Differential Expressions of Proteins of Lipid Metabolism$$$ Introduction Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) exhibit altered placental lipid metabolism. The molecular basis of this altered metabolism is not clear. Altered placental expression of proteins of lipogenesis and fatty acid oxidation may be involved in the placental accumulation of triacylglycerols (TG). The present study was aimed at investigating the differential expressions of placental proteins related to lipid metabolism among GDM women in comparison with control pregnant women (CPW) and to correlate them with maternal and fetal lipid parameters as well as altered fetal growth. Materials and Methods Maternal blood, cord blood, and placental samples were collected from GDM and CPW. The biochemical parameters, glucose, lipid profile and free fatty acids (FFA) were measured. The placental TG content was measured. Differential placental expressions of proteins; phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase (PI3K) p85 alpha, PI3K p110 alpha ,liver X receptor alpha (LXR alpha), sterol regulatory element binding protein1(SREBP1), fatty acid synthase (FAS), stearyl CoA desaturase1 (SCD1), lipoprotein lipase (LPL),Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)alpha and PPAR gamma were analysed by western blotting and immunohistochemistry. Results Placental protein expressions of PI3K p110 alpha, LXR alpha, FAS, SCD1, and LPL were found to be significantly higher, whereas PPAR alpha and PPAR gamma were lower in GDM women compared with CPW. The placental TG content and cord plasma FFA were increased in GDM women compared with CPW. The placental TG content positively correlated with Ponderal index of GDM new-borns. Conclusion Differential expressions of placental proteins related to lipid metabolism in GDM might have led to placental TG accumulation. This might have contributed to the fetal overgrowth in GDM.
The Impact of the Association Between Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Intrahepatic Cholestasis of Pregnancy on Maternal and Fetal Outcomes$$$ Background: Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), a hepatic condition that causes severe itching in late pregnancy, is linked to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) due to disrupted bile acid balance. It poses maternal risks such as preterm labor and gestational diabetes and fetal risks such as preterm birth and respiratory distress. The study examined NAFLD's impact on ICP in pregnant women, highlighting management and research implications. Methods: This retrospective study examined pregnant women (>= 18 years) with ICP, assessing fatty liver with follow-up ultrasounds. Participants were divided into ICP only and ICP with fatty liver (FL) groups, excluding heavy alcohol users and incomplete data. Maternal age, medical history, and comorbidities were evaluated alongside abdominal ultrasounds to identify FL. Results: In this study of 43 pregnant women, the mean maternal age was 27 years. Patients with ICP and FL had significantly higher bile acid levels than those with ICP alone. However, no significant differences were found between the two groups regarding the history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), dyslipidemia, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), parity, and hypothyroidism. Among women with ICP and FL, 51.85% underwent lower segment cesarean section (LSCS), while 43.75% with ICP without FL underwent LSCS. Conclusions: ICP with FL did not show significant adverse effects on maternal and neonatal outcomes, including mode of delivery, gestational age, maternal complications, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admissions, and low birth weight (LBW) with asphyxia. However, additional research is required to fully comprehend the relationship between ICP, NAFLD, and their impact on pregnancy outcomes.
Antenatal exposure to the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor fluoxetine leads to postnatal metabolic and endocrine changes associated with type 2 diabetes in Wistar rats$$$ Hypothesis: 10-15% of women take antidepressant medications during pregnancy. A recent clinical study reported that the use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor antidepressants during pregnancy is linked with an increased risk of postnatal obesity. While obesity is often associated with fatty liver, dyslipidemia and inflammation, to date, the effects of perinatal exposure to SSRIs on these outcomes are unknown. Methods: Female nulliparous Wistar rats were given vehicle (N = 15) or fluoxetine hydrochloride (FLX 10 mg/kg/d; N = 15) orally for 2 weeks prior to mating until weaning. We assessed glucometabolic changes and hepatic pathophysiology in the offspring. Results: Fluoxetine exposed offspring demonstrated altered glucose homeostasis without any alterations to beta cell mass. FLX-exposed offspring had a significant increase in the number of offspring with mild to moderate NASH and dyslipidemia. There was also increased inflammation of the liver in FIX-exposed offspring; males had significant elevations in TNF alpha, IL6 and monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (MCP1), while female offspring had higher expression of TNF alpha, and increased macrophage infiltration (MCP1). Limitations: This is an animal study. Further research examining the metabolic outcomes of children exposed to antidepressants in utero are required, given the increase in childhood obesity and psychiatric medication use during pregnancy. Conclusion: These data demonstrate that fetal and neonatal exposure to FIX results in evidence of increased adiposity, fatty liver and abnormal glycemic control. Since these are all hallmarks of the metabolic syndrome, this raises concerns regarding the long term metabolic sequelae of fetal exposure to SSRIs in human populations. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Maternal Pyrroloquinoline Quinone Supplementation Improves Offspring Liver Bioactive Lipid Profiles throughout the Lifespan and Protects against the Development of Adult NAFLD$$$ Maternal obesity and consumption of a high-fat diet significantly elevate risk for pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), affecting 10% of children in the US. Almost half of these children are diagnosed with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), a leading etiology for liver transplant. Animal models show that signs of liver injury and perturbed lipid metabolism associated with NAFLD begin in utero; however, safe dietary therapeutics to blunt developmental programming of NAFLD are unavailable. Using a mouse model of maternal Western-style diet (WD), we previously showed that pyrroloquinoline quinone (PQQ), a potent dietary antioxidant, protected offspring of WD-fed dams from development of NAFLD and NASH. Here, we used untargeted mass spectrometry-based lipidomics to delineate lipotoxic effects of WD on offspring liver and identify lipid targets of PQQ. PQQ exposure during pregnancy altered hepatic lipid profiles of WD-exposed offspring, upregulating peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) alpha signaling and mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation to markedly attenuate triglyceride accumulation beginning in utero. Surprisingly, the abundance of very long-chain ceramides, important in promoting gut barrier and hepatic function, was significantly elevated in PQQ-treated offspring. PQQ exposure reduced the hepatic phosphatidylcholine/phosphatidylethanolamine (PC/PE) ratio in WD-fed offspring and improved glucose tolerance. Notably, levels of protective n - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) were elevated in offspring exposed to PQQ, beginning in utero, and the increase in n - 3 PUFAs persisted into adulthood. Our findings suggest that PQQ supplementation during gestation and lactation augments pathways involved in the biosynthesis of long-chain fatty acids and plays a unique role in modifying specific bioactive lipid species critical for protection against NAFLD risk in later life.
Endotoxin biomarkers are associated with adiposity and cardiometabolic risk across 6 years of follow-up in youth$$$ Context Metabolic endotoxemia may be a shared mechanism underlying childhood obesity and early-onset metabolic diseases (e.g., type 2 diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease). Objective Examine prospective associations of serum endotoxin biomarkers lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and its binding protein, LPS binding protein (LBP), and anti-endotoxin core IgG (EndoCabIgG) with adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in youth. Design/setting This prospective study included 393 youth in the EPOCH cohort in Colorado. Participants were recruited 2006-2009 at age 10 y (baseline) and followed for six years (follow-up). We examined associations of endotoxin biomarkers at baseline with adiposity (BMI z-score, VAT, SAT, skinfolds, waist circumference) and cardiometabolic risk (insulin, glucose, adipokines, lipid profile, blood pressure) across both visits using mixed-effects regression, and with hepatic fat fraction (HFF) at follow-up using linear regression. Results Higher LPS and LBP predicted greater adiposity across follow-up. Each 1-unit ln-transformed LPS corresponded with 0.23 (95% CI: 0.03, 0.43) units BMI z-score, 5.66 (1.99, 9.33) mm (3) VAT, 30.7 (8.0, 53.3) mm (3) SAT, and 8.26 (4.13, 12.40) mm skinfold sum. EndoCabIgG was associated with VAT only (3.03 [0.34, 5.71] mm (3)). LPS was associated with higher insulin (1.93 [0.08, 3.70] mu U/mL) and leptin (2.28 [0.66, 3.90] ng/mL), and an adverse lipid profile. No association was observed with HFF. Accounting for pubertal status and lifestyle behaviors did not change findings. However, adjustment for pre-pregnancy BMI and gestational diabetes attenuated most associations. Conclusions Serum endotoxin may be a marker of pathophysiological processes underlying development of childhood obesity and cardiometabolic conditions associated with exposure to fetal overnutrition.
<i>N</i>-acetyl-L-cysteine ameliorates gestational diabetes mellitus by inhibiting oxidative stress$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnant disorder that needs careful medical attention. N-acetyl-L-cysteine (NAC) is a well-recognized antioxidant to treat oxidative stress-induced diseases. Although its role in GDM has been reported, the mechanism remains largely unknown. Therefore, our current study further explored its protective role against GDM. An 8-week-old, db/+, female mice were injected with a single dose of 100 mg/kg streptozotocin (STZ) to induce diabetes. Pregnant mice were randomly treated with 1200 mg/kg NAC or water daily. On gestational day 19, oral glucose tolerance test was performed, and visceral fat tissue and blood samples were collected. After delivery, litter size and weight were recorded. NAC could effectively improve GDM-induced glucose intolerance, hyperlipidemia, activated inflammation, and oxidative stress in GDM mice. Moreover, NAC reduced the litter size and weight of GDM mice. NAC also activated the nuclear factor-erythroid factor 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2)/heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) signaling pathway in the liver of GDM mice. NAC effectively ameliorated GDM symptoms and the reproductive outcome of GDM mice through inhibiting oxidative stress, inflammation, and hyperlipidemia. Therefore, NAC might serve as a potential candidate drug against GDM.
Overweight, obesity and related non-communicable diseases in Asian Indian girls and women$$$ The prevalence of obesity is rising globally and in India. Overweight, obesity and related diseases need to be delineated in Asian Indian women. A literature search was done using key words like 'obesity', 'Asian Indian women', 'body fat distribution', 'type 2 diabetes', 'fertility', 'polycystic ovarian disease', metabolic syndrome', 'cardiovascular disease', 'non-alcoholic fatty liver disease', 'gender', 'sex' and 'prevalence' up to September 2012 in Pubmed and Google Scholar search engines. This review highlights the Asian Indian body composition with regards to obesity and provides a collated perspective of gender-specific prevalence of the co-morbidities. Recent data show that women (range of prevalence of overweight and obesity from different studies 15-61%) have higher prevalence of overweight and obesity as compared with men (range of prevalence of overweight and obesity from different studies 12-54%) in India and that obesity is increasing in the youth. The prevalence of overweight and obesity in both men and women steeply rose in a Punjabi community from Jaipur. Importantly, prevalence of abdominal obesity has been consistently higher in women than in men. The lowest prevalence (6.0%) of type 2 diabetes mellitus in women is reported from South India (rural Andhra Pradesh; 2006) and the highest (14.0%) by the National Urban Diabetes Survey (2001). Although the clustering of cardiovascular disease risk factors was generally high, it increased further in post-menopausal women. There are a number of factors that predispose Indian women to obesity; sedentary behaviour, imbalanced diets, sequential and additive postpartum weight gain and further decrease in physical activity during this period and cultural issues. In view of these data, preventive measures should be specifically targeted to Indian women.
FGF4, A New Potential Regulator in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus$$$ Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, however the underlying mechanisms remain elusive. The aim of this study was to find efficient regulator of FGFs in response to the pathogenesis of GDM and explore the role of the FGFs in GDM.Methods: We performed a systematic screening of placental FGFs in GDM patients and further in two different GDM mouse models to investigate their expression changes. Significant changed FGF4 was selected, engineered, purified, and used to treat GDM mice in order to examine whether it can regulate the adverse metabolic phenotypes of the diabetic mice and protect their fetus.Results: We found FGF4 expression was elevated in GDM patients and its level was positively correlated to blood glucose, indicating a physiological relevance of FGF4 with respect to the development of GDM. Recombinant FGF4 (rFGF4) treatment could effectively normalize the adverse metabolic phenotypes in high fat diet induced GDM mice but not in STZ induced GDM mice. However, rFGF4 was highly effective in reduce of neural tube defects (NTDs) of embryos in both the two GDM models. Mechanistically, rFGF4 treatment inhibits pro-inflammatory signaling cascades and neuroepithelial cell apoptosis of both GDM models, which was independent of glucose regulation.Conclusions/interpretation: Our study provides novel insight into the important roles of placental FGF4 and suggests that it may serve as a promising diagnostic factor and therapeutic target for GDM.
The epidemiology, clinical, biochemical, immunological and radiological features of youth onset type 2 diabetes mellitus in the state of Qatar$$$ Objectives To describe the epidemiology, clinical, biochemical, immunological and radiological aspects of youth with type 2 diabetes. Methods Patients under 18 year of age with type 2 diabetes were recruited from 2018 to 2020, clinical data collected, autoantibodies (GAD65, IAA, IA2 and ZnT8), insulin, ALT and c-peptide were measured. Hepatic ultrasound was performed for assessment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Results 104 patients were identified. The incidence in 2020 and prevalence per 100,000 was 2.51 and 23.7, respectively. The age of onset was between 8.5 and 18 years with 74% of the patients being of Qatari nationality. Males were more affected than females (1.5/1). Overweight/obesity was present in 98% of all the patients, a positive family history (either both parents or a single parent) in 71% and maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in 60% of patients. More than 90% of the patients had acanthosis nigricans. 5 patients had 1 autoantibody positivity and hepatic ultrasound detected evidence of NAFLD in majority of patients. Conclusion Obesity, maternal GDM and family history of diabetes were the key risk factors for the development of type 2 diabetes. Autoantibody positivity may be present in youth type 2 diabetes. As youth type 2 diabetes is associated with early onset microvascular and macrovascular complications, these findings have important social and health budget implications for Qatar. Tackling the burden of maternal GDM and childhood obesity and building programmes for early detection and intervention, are therefore, essential to reduce the risk of future complications.
Breastfeeding may benefit cardiometabolic health of children exposed to increased gestational glycemia in utero$$$ Purpose There is altered breastmilk composition among mothers with gestational diabetes and conflicting evidence on whether breastfeeding is beneficial or detrimental to their offspring's cardiometabolic health. We aimed to investigate associations between breastfeeding and offspring's cardiometabolic health across the range of gestational glycemia. Methods We included 827 naturally conceived, term singletons from a prospective mother-child cohort. We measured gestational (26-28 weeks) fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and 2-h plasma glucose (2 hPG) after an oral glucose tolerance test as continuous variables. Participants were classified into 2 breastfeeding categories (high/intermediate vs. low) according to their breastfeeding duration and exclusivity. Main outcome measures included magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)-measured abdominal fat, intramyocellular lipids (IMCL), and liver fat, quantitative magnetic resonance (QMR)-measured body fat mass, blood pressure, blood lipids, and insulin resistance at 6 years old (all continuous variables). We evaluated if gestational glycemia (FPG and 2 hPG) modified the association of breastfeeding with offspring outcomes after adjusting for confounders using a multiple linear regression model that included a 'gestational glycemia x breastfeeding' interaction term. Results With increasing gestational FPG, high/intermediate (vs. low) breastfeeding was associated with lower levels of IMCL (p-interaction = 0.047), liver fat (p-interaction = 0.033), and triglycerides (p-interaction = 0.007), after adjusting for confounders. Specifically, at 2 standard deviations above the mean gestational FPG level, high/intermediate (vs. low) breastfeeding was linked to lower adjusted mean IMCL [0.39% of water signal (0.29, 0.50) vs. 0.54% of water signal (0.46, 0.62)], liver fat [0.39% by weight (0.20, 0.58) vs. 0.72% by weight (0.59, 0.85)], and triglycerides [0.62 mmol/L (0.51, 0.72) vs. 0.86 mmol/L (0.75, 0.97)]. 2 hPG did not significantly modify the association between breastfeeding and childhood cardiometabolic risk. Conclusion Our findings suggest breastfeeding may confer protection against adverse fat partitioning and higher triglyceride concentration among children exposed to increased glycemia in utero.
Dietary nutrients during gestation cause obesity and related metabolic changes by altering DNA methylation in the offspring$$$ Growing evidence shows that maternal nutrition from preconception until lactation has an important effect on the development of non-communicable diseases in the offspring. Biological responses to environmental stress during pregnancy, including undernutrition or overnutrition of various nutrients, are transmitted in part by DNA methylation. The aim of the present narrative review is to summarize literature data on altered DNA methylation patterns caused by maternal macronutrient or vitamin intake and its association with offspring's phenotype (obesity and related metabolic changes). With our literature search, we found evidence for the association between alterations in DNA methylation pattern of different genes caused by maternal under- or overnutrition of several nutrients (protein, fructose, fat, vitamin D, methyl-group donor nutrients) during 3 critical periods of programming (preconception, pregnancy, lactation) and the development of obesity or related metabolic changes (glucose, insulin, lipid, leptin, adiponectin levels, blood pressure, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease) in offspring. The review highlights that maternal consumption of several nutrients could individually affect the development of offspring's obesity and related metabolic changes via alterations in DNA methylation.
Taurine attenuates liver autophagy and injury of offspring in gestational diabetic mellitus rats$$$ Purpose: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has many adverse effects on offspring, such as abnormal glycolipid metabolism, obesity, insulin resistance, mental retardation, schizophrenia and so on. Methods: We established a GDM rat model by injecting 1% streptozotocin associated with a high-fat diet one week before pregnancy, and offspring rats were sacrificed at 8 weeks of age to obtain liver tissue for study. We used hematoxylin-eosin (HE) staining to observe liver morphological changes, Tunel staining for hepatocyte apoptosis, transmission electron microscope for liver ultrastructure, and western blot for protein expression in liver tissue. Results: Compared with normal offspring rats, hepatocytes of GDM offspring rats showed obvious edema, liver organ index increased, and hepatocyte apoptosis and autophagosome in the liver were significantly increased; Bax, cleaved-caspase3/caspase3, LCII, Beclin 1, P-IKB alpha/IKB alpha and P-p65/p6 protein expression in the liver were significantly increased; Bcl2, p62 and PPAR gamma protein expression in the liver were significantly decreased. Tau prevented the GDM-related effects in the offspring: Tau decreased hepatocyte edema (or even disappears), liver organ index, hepatocyte apoptosis and the number of autophagosomes in the liver. In addition, Tau also decreased Bax, cleaved-caspase3/caspase3, LCII, Beclin 1, P-IKB alpha/IKB alpha and P-p65/p6 protein expression, and increased Bcl2, p62 and PPAR gamma protein expression in the liver of GDM offspring rats. Conclusion: Taurine should be considered as a potential gestational nutritional supplement to prevent liver damage in GDM offspring.
Impairments of insulin and glucagon sensitivity in Chinese women with gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ AimTo evaluate insulin and glucagon sensitivity in Han Chinese women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). MethodsIn total, 81 women with GDM and 81 age-matched healthy controls were evaluated with a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at gestational weeks 24-28. Plasma glucose concentrations were measured at fasting and 1 h and 2 h post-OGTT. Fasting plasma insulin, glucagon and amino acids were also measured. Insulin and glucagon sensitivity were assessed by the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and glucagon-alanine index, respectively. ResultsAs expected, plasma glucose concentrations were higher at fasting and 1 h and 2 h post-OGTT in GDM participants (p < .001 each). Both the HOMA-IR and the glucagon-alanine index were higher in GDM participants. There was a weak positive correlation between HOMA-IR and glucagon-alanine index (r = 0.24, p = .0024). Combining the HOMA-IR and the glucagon-alanine index yielded better capacity (area under the curve = 0.878) than either alone (area under the curve = 0.828 for HOMA-IR and 0.751 for glucagon-alanine index, respectively) in differentiating GDM from healthy participants. While the majority of GDM participants (64%) exhibited both reduced insulin and glucagon sensitivity, a third of them presented either reduced insulin (20%) or glucagon (14%) sensitivity alone. HOMA-IR and glucagon-alanine index correlated differentially with fasting glucose, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, sum of amino acids and hepatic steatosis index. ConclusionsImpairments of both insulin and glucagon sensitivity occur frequently in Chinese women with GDM, which may, individually or together, drive metabolic derangements in GDM. These observations provide new insights into the pathophysiology of GDM and support the need to target insulin or glucagon resistance, or both, in the management of GDM.
Metformin From Research to Clinical Practice$$$ Metformin is the recommended first-line oral glucose-lowering drug initiated to control hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus. It acts in the liver, small intestines, and skeletal muscles with its major effect on decreasing hepatic gluconeogenesis. It is safe, inexpensive, and weight neutral and can be associated with weight loss. It can reduce microvascular complication risk and its use is associated with a lower cardiovascular mortality compared with sulfonylurea therapy. It is also used to delay the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus, in treating gestational diabetes, and in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
The Endocrine-Metabolic Axis Regulation in Offspring Exposed to Maternal Obesity-Cause or Consequence in Metabolic Disease Programming?$$$ Obesity incidence is rising worldwide, including women of reproductive age, contributing to increased gestations in which Maternal Obesity (MO) occurs. Offspring born to obese mothers present an increased predisposition to develop metabolic (e.g., obesity, diabetes) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). The developmental programming of the metabolic dysfunction in MO offspring can initiate in utero. The different availability of metabolic substrates, namely glucose, can modulate cellular growth, proliferation, and differentiation, resulting in different levels of tissue maturation and function. We defined the remodelling of these early processes as the first hit of metabolic disease programming. Among these, adipocyte early differentiation and gut dysbiosis are initial repercussions occurring in MO offspring, contributing to -tissue-specific dysfunction. The second hit of disease programming can be related to the endocrine-metabolic axis dysregulation. The endocrine-metabolic axis consists of multi-organ communication through the release of factors that are able to regulate the metabolic fate of cells of organs involved in physiological metabolic homeostasis. Upon adipose tissue and gut early dysregulation, these organs' endocrine function can be programmed to the disrupted release of multiple factors (e.g., adiponectin, leptin, glucagon-like peptide). This can be perceived as a natural mechanism to overcome metabolic frailty in an attempt to prevent or postpone organ-specific disease. However, the action of these hormones on other tissues may potentiate metabolic dysfunction or even trigger disease in organs (liver, pancreas, heart) that were also programmed in utero for early disease. A second phase of the endocrine-metabolic dysregulation happens when the affected organs (e.g., liver and pancreas) self-produce an endocrine response, affecting all of the involved tissues and resulting in a new balance of the endocrine-metabolic axis. Altogether, the second hit exacerbates the organ-specific susceptibility to disease due to the new metabolic environment. The developmental programming of the endocrine-metabolic axis can start a vicious cycle of metabolic adaptations due to the release of factors, leading to an endocrine response that can jeopardize the organism's function. Diseases programmed by MO can be boosted by endocrine dysregulation, namely Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease, Non-Alcoholic Fatty Pancreas Disease, and the aggravation of the adipose tissue and gut dysfunction. Chronic metabolic dysregulation can also predispose MO offspring to CVD through the modulation of the endocrine environment and/or the metabolic status. To cease the vicious cycle of MO disease transmission among generations and-provide preventive and specialized prenatal and postnatal care to MO offspring, it is necessary to understand the molecular mechanisms underlying the MO-related disease development. In this review, we summarize most of the developmental programming molecular events of the endocrine-metabolic axis described on the offspring exposed to MO, providing a brief overview of the potential mechanisms that predispose MO offspring to metabolic disease, and discuss the programming of the endocrine-metabolic axis as a plausible mechanism for metabolic disease predisposition in MO offspring.
The associations of maternal liver biomarkers in early pregnancy with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study and Mendelian randomization analysis$$$ Background Associations of liver function with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remain unclear. This study aimed to examine the relationship and the potential causality between maternal liver biomarkers and the risk of subsequent GDM, as well as to evaluate the interaction between liver biomarkers and lipids on GDM risk.Methods In an ongoing Zhoushan Pregnant Women Cohort, pregnant women who finished the first prenatal follow-up record, underwent liver function tests in early pregnancy, and completed the GDM screening were included in this study. Logistic regression models were used to investigate the association, and the inverse-variance weighted method supplemented with other methods of two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was applied to deduce the causality.Results Among 9,148 pregnant women, 1,668 (18.2%) developed GDM. In general, the highest quartile of liver function index (LFI), including ALT, AST, GGT, ALP, and hepatic steatosis index, was significantly associated with an increased risk of GDM (OR ranging from 1.29 to 3.15), especially an elevated risk of abnormal postprandial blood glucose level. Moreover, the causal link between ALT and GDM was confirmed by the MR analysis (OR=1.28, 95%CI:1.05-1.54). A significant interaction between AST/ALT and TG on GDM risk was observed (P interaction = 0.026).Conclusion Elevated levels of LFI in early pregnancy were remarkably associated with an increased risk of GDM in our prospective cohort. Besides, a positive causal link between ALT and GDM was suggested.
Metformin versus insulin for gestational diabetes: Adiposity variables and adipocytokines in offspring at age of 9 years$$$ Aims: To compare body composition, visceral adiposity, adipocytokines, and low-grade inflammation markers in prepubertal offspring of mothers who were treated with metformin or insulin for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: 172 offspring of 311 mothers randomized to receive metformin (n = 82) or insulin (n = 90) for GDM were studied at 9 years of age (follow-up rate 55%). Measurements included anthropometrics, adipocytokines, markers of the low-grade inflammation, abdominal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), magnetic liver spectrometry (MRS), and whole body dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). Results: Serum markers of low-grade inflammation, visceral adipose tissue volume, total fat percentage, and liver fat percentage were similar between the study groups. Serum adiponectin concentration was higher in children in the metformin group compared to insulin group (median 10.37 vs 9.50 & mu;g/ml, p = 0.016). This difference between groups was observed in boys only (median 12.13 vs 7.50 & mu;g/ml, p < 0.001). Leptin/adiponectin-ratio was lower in boys in the metformin group than in the insulin group (median 0.30 vs 0.75; p = 0.016). Conclusions: Maternal metformin treatment for GDM had no effects on adiposity, body composition, liver fat, or inflammation markers in prepubertal offspring compared to maternal insulin treatment but was associated with higher adiponectin concentration and lower leptin/adiponectin-ratio in boys.
Fructose, pregnancy and later life impacts$$$ Fructose is an increasingly common constituent of the Westernized diet due to cost and production efficiencies. Although an integral component of our pre-industrial revolution diet, over the past two decades human and animal studies have highlighted that excessive fructose intake appears to be associated with adverse metabolic effects. Excessive intake of fructose is the combined result of increased total energy consumption and increased portion sizes of foods, which often incorporate the fructose-containing sugars sucrose and high-fructose corn-syrup (HFCS). The adverse metabolic effects following excessive fructose consumption have become a hot topic in mainstream media and there is now rigorous scientific debate regarding periods of exposure, dosage levels, interactive effects with other sugars and fats and mechanisms underlying the actions of fructose. There is still a degree of controversy regarding the extent to which sugars such as sucrose and HFCS have contributed to the current epidemic of obesity and diabetes. Furthermore, an increasing number of infants are being exposed to sugar-sweetened food and beverages before birth and during early postnatal life, highlighting the importance of determining the long-term effects of this perinatal exposure on the developing offspring. There are limited human observational and controlled studies identifying associations of excessive sweetened food and beverage consumption with poor pregnancy outcomes. Animal research has demonstrated an increased incidence of gestational diabetes as well as altered maternal, fetal and offspring metabolic function, although the long-term effects and the mechanism underlying these perturbations are ill defined. This review aims to understand the role of early life fructose exposure in modifying postnatal risk of disease in the offspring, focusing on fructose intake during pregnancy and in early postnatal life.
Association between gestational cannabis exposure and maternal, perinatal, placental, and childhood outcomes$$$ Globally, the availability and formulations for the administration of cannabis are changing with decriminalization or legalization of recreational use in some jurisdictions, and the prescription of cannabis also occurring. These changes are likely to affect the prevalence of use, including by women of childbearing age. The effects of in utero and infant alcohol and tobacco exposure are well-documented, but the outcomes of cannabis exposure are less certain. The content of delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the psychoactive component of cannabis has progressively increased over several decades. This review explores the limited knowledge surrounding the epidemiology of gestational and postnatal cannabis exposure and implications for the mother-placenta-fetus/neonate triad. We examine cannabis' effects from antenatal and lactation exposure on (a) pregnancy and perinatal outcomes, (b) placental health, and (c) longer term cardiometabolic and neurodevelopmental risks and outcomes. Though definitive outcomes are lacking, gestational cannabis has been associated with increased risk of other substance use during pregnancy; impaired placental blood flow; increased risk of small for gestational age births; and associated complications. Childhood and adolescent outcomes are sparsely assessed, with suggested outcomes including increased risk of depression and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. Cardiometabolic implications of gestational cannabis use may include maternal fatty liver, obesity, insulin resistance, and increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), with potential consequences for the fetus. Clinical implications for pediatric practice were explored in a bid to understand any potential risk or impact on child health and development.
In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus conditions TLR4 and TLR2 activated IL-1 beta responses in spleen cells from rat offspring$$$ Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a higher risk of youth-onset insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. We have previously shown that the rat offspring of GDM dams are insulin resistant when compared to the offspring of lean dams. Since inflammation influences insulin sensitivity, we examined the impact of fetal exposure to GDM on inflammatory responses in the offspring. In rats, we compared inflammatory activity in newborn pups as well as 16 week-old young-adult offspring from lean control dams with offspring from high fat and sucrose diet (HFS)-induced GDM dams. To determine whether there are additive effects of exposure to GDM and post-weaning diets, offspring of lean and GDM dams were fed either low fat or HFS diets until 16 weeks of age. Plasma levels of interleukin(IL)-113 were elevated in the offspring of GDM dams. To determine whether this was related to immune reactivity, spleen cells from both the newborn and 16 week-old offspring were isolated and reactivity to the toll-like receptor activators, pam3CSK4 and lipopolysaccharides were measured over a 72 h timeframe. Spleen cells of GDM dams exhibited sustained stimulation of interleukin(IL)-113 and IL-10 production, whereas IL-1 beta and IL-10 synthesis diminished over time in spleen cells from the offspring of lean dams. Additive effects of GDM exposure and post-weaning HFS diet were not observed, suggesting the effects of GDM on cytokine production are independent of the post-weaning diet. Thus, we conclude that exposure to GDM in utero may condition the immune reactivity of spleen cells. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Targeted Analysis of Three Hormonal Systems Identifies Molecules Associated with the Presence and Severity of NAFLD$$$ Aims: To investigate circulating levels and liver gene expression of 3 hormonal pathways associated with obesity, insulin resistance, and inflammation to identify leads towards potential diagnostic markers and therapeutic targets in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Methods: We compared circulating levels of (1) proglucagon-derived hormones (glucagon-like peptide [GLP]-1, GLP-2, glicentin, oxyntomodulin, glucagon, major proglucagon fragment [MPGF]), (2) follistatins-activins (follistatin-like [FSTL]3, activin B), (3) IGF axis (insulin-like growth factor [IGF]-1, total and intact IGF binding protein [IGFBP]-3 and IGFBP-4, and pregnancy-associated plasma protein [PAPP]-A) in 2 studies: (1) 18 individuals with early stage NAFLD versus 14 controls (study 1; early NAFLD study) and in (2) 31 individuals with biopsy proven NAFLD (15 with simple steatosis [SS] and 16 with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis [NASH]), vs 50 controls (24 lean and 26 obese) (study 2). Liver gene expression was assessed in 22 subjects (12 controls, 5 NASH, 5 NASH-related cirrhosis). Results: Patients in early stages of NAFLD demonstrate higher fasting MPGF and lower incremental increase of glicentin during oral glucose tolerance test than controls. In more advanced stages, FSTL3 levels are higher in NASH than simple steatosis and, within NAFLD patients, in those with more severe lobular and portal inflammation. The IGF-1/intact IGFBP-3 ratio is lower in patients with liver fibrosis. Genes encoding follistatin, activin A, activin B, and the IGF-1 receptor are higher in NASH. Conclusion: MPGF and glicentin may be involved in early stages of NAFLD, whereas FSTL3 and IGF-1/intact IGFBP3 in the progression to NASH and liver fibrosis respectively, suggesting potential as diagnostic markers or therapeutic targets.
Diagnostic and prognostic value of triglyceride glucose index: a comprehensive evaluation of meta-analysis$$$ ObjectiveThe present umbrella review aims to collate and summarize the findings from previous meta-analyses on the Triglyceride and Glucose (TyG) Index, providing insights to clinicians, researchers, and policymakers regarding the usefulness of this biomarker in various clinical settings.MethodsA comprehensive search was conducted in PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science up to April 14, 2024, without language restrictions. The AMSTAR2 checklist assessed the methodological quality of the included meta-analyses. Statistical analyses were performed using Comprehensive Meta-Analysis (CMA) software.ResultsA total of 32 studies were finally included. The results revealed significant associations between the TyG index and various health outcomes. For kidney outcomes, a high TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of contrast-induced nephropathy (CIN) (OR = 2.24, 95% CI: 1.82-2.77) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) (RR = 1.46, 95% CI: 1.32-1.63). High TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (RR = 3.53, 95% CI: 2.74-4.54), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (OR = 2.41, 95% CI: 1.48-3.91), and diabetic retinopathy (DR) (OR = 2.34, 95% CI: 1.31-4.19). Regarding metabolic diseases, the TyG index was significantly higher in patients with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) (SMD = 0.86, 95% CI: 0.57-1.15), metabolic syndrome (MD = 0.83, 95% CI: 0.74-0.93), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) (OR = 2.36, 95% CI: 1.88-2.97) compared to those without these conditions. In cerebrovascular diseases, a higher TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of dementia (OR = 1.14, 95% CI: 1.12-1.16), cognitive impairment (OR = 2.31, 95% CI: 1.38-3.86), and ischemic stroke (OR = 1.37, 95% CI: 1.22-1.54). For cardiovascular outcomes, the TyG index showed significant associations with an increased risk of heart failure (HF) (HR = 1.21, 95% CI: 1.12-1.30), atrial fibrillation (AF) (SMD = 1.22, 95% CI: 0.57-1.87), and hypertension (HTN) (RR = 1.52, 95% CI: 1.25-1.85).ConclusionThe TyG index is a promising biomarker for screening and predicting various medical conditions, particularly those related to insulin resistance and metabolic disorders. However, the heterogeneity and methodological quality of the included studies suggest the need for further high-quality research to confirm these findings and refine the clinical utility of the TyG index.
Effects of dietary fat subtypes on glucose homeostasis during pregnancy in rats$$$ Background: Dietary n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have an impact on insulin secretion and sensitivity but whether and how these may be related to maternal glucose homeostasis during pregnancy is unclear. Methods: Female Wistar rats (240-250 g) were assigned to laboratory CHOW or high fat diets rich in either n-6 (safflower oil; n-6 group) or n-6 + n-3 (safflower oil + fish oil; n-3 group) PUFAs. After 10 days half of the animals in each diet group were inseminated and confirmed pregnant. An overnight fasted intravenous glucose tolerance test (500 mg glucose/kg body weight) was performed on chronically cannulated non-pregnant and 20-day pregnant rats. Indices of insulin secretion (beta) and insulin sensitivity (S) were calculated from the plasma glucose and insulin responses. The fatty acid composition of phospholipids was determined in samples of liver and two skeletal muscles (soleus and red quadriceps). Results: Pregnancy in the CHOW group significantly increased beta (P < 0.001) and decreased S (P < 0.01). In contrast, both n-6 and n-3 diets abolished both the pregnancy-induced decrease in S and pregnancy-induced increase in beta with the n-3 diet having a more potent effect on both S and beta. S was positively correlated with the sum of n-3 fatty acids, with docosahexaenoic acid (22: 6 n-3) the major contributor, in liver (r = 0.485; P < 0.001), red quadriceps (r = 0.421; P = 0.004) and soleus (r = 0.476; P < 0.001). In contrast S was inversely related to arachidonic acid (20:4n-6) levels in liver and red quadriceps across all groups and these relationships were particularly powerful in pregnancy (liver: r = -0.785; red quadriceps: r = -0.754, both P < 0.0001). Conclusions: The results demonstrate potent effects of dietary fat amount and profile on glucoregulation during pregnancy and emphasize the importance of the balance between dietary n-3 and n-6 PUFAs.
Gestational high fat diet programs hepatic phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase gene expression and histone modification in neonatal offspring rats$$$ Non-technical summary An excess production of liver glucose is common in patients with diabetes, and animal studies show that female rats who consume a high-fat diet during pregnancy may give birth to offspring who are more likely to develop diabetes in adulthood. However, how this may be occurring remains poorly understood. The present study investigated the effect of a maternal high fat diet on fetal genes in the liver that control the production of glucose, and the potential regulatory mechanisms of these genes. We observed that pups of high fat-fed dams were heavier and had higher blood glucose at the time of delivery than pups of dams fed the control diet. While the high fat-fed dams themselves did not have increased blood glucose, their pups had higher expression of genes to make glucose in addition to elevated blood glucose. Our study demonstrates that exposure to a high fat diet during pregnancy programs the over-production of glucose in livers of offspring, which has the potential to lead to type II diabetes in childhood and adulthood.In insulin resistance and type II diabetes, there is an elevation of hepatic gluconeogenesis, which contributes to hyperglycaemia. Studies in experimental animals have provided evidence that consumption of high fat (HF) diets by female rats programs the progeny for glucose intolerance in adulthood, but the mechanisms behind the in utero programming remain poorly understood. The present study analysed the effect of a maternal HF diet on fetal gluconeogenic gene expression and potential regulation mechanism related to histone modifications. Dams were fed either a Control (C, 16% kcal fat) or a high-fat (HF, 45% kcal fat) diet throughout gestation. Livers of the offspring were collected on gestational day 21 and analysed to determine the consequences of a maternal HF diet on molecular markers of fetal liver gluconeogenesis. We demonstrated that offspring of HF-fed dams were significantly heavier and had significantly higher blood glucose levels at the time of delivery than offspring of dams fed the C diet. While maternal gluconeogenesis and plasma glucose were not affected by the HF diet, offspring of HF-fed dams had significantly higher mRNA contents of gluconeogenic genes in addition to the elevated plasma glucose. In addition to increased transcription rate, a gestational HF diet resulted in modifications of the Pck1 histone code in livers of offspring. Our results demonstrate that in utero exposure to HF diet has the potential to program the gluconeogenic capacity of offspring through epigenetic modifications, which could potentially lead to excessive glucose production and altered insulin sensitivity in adulthood.
Gestational Diabetes Alters the Metabolomic Profile in 2nd Trimester Amniotic Fluid in a Sex-Specific Manner$$$ Maternal diabetes and obesity induce marked abnormalities in glucose homeostasis and insulin secretion in the fetus, and are linked to obesity, diabetes, and metabolic disease in the offspring, with specific metabolic characterization based on offspring sex. Gestational diabetes (GDM) has profound effects on the intrauterine milieu, which may reflect and/or modulate the function of the maternal-fetal unit. In order to characterize metabolic factors that affect offspring development, we profiled the metabolome of second trimester amniotic fluid (AF) from women who were subsequently diagnosed with gestational diabetes (GDM) using a targeted metabolomics approach, profiling 459 known biochemicals through gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) and liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (LC/MS) assays. Using a nested case-control study design, we identified 69 total biochemicals altered by GDM exposure, while sex-specific analysis identified 44 and 58 metabolites in male and female offspring, respectively. The most significant changes were in glucose, amino acid, glutathione, fatty acid, sphingolipid, and bile acid metabolism with specific changes identified based on the offspring sex. Targeted isotope dilution LC/MS confirmatory assays measured significant changes in docosahexaenoic acid and arachidonic acid. We conclude that the sex-specific alterations in GDM maternal-fetal metabolism may begin to explain the sex-specific metabolic outcomes seen in offspring exposed to GDM in utero.
Maternal Malnutrition Affects Hepatic Metabolism through Decreased Hepatic Taurine Levels and Changes in HNF4A Methylation$$$ Fetal programming implies that the maternal diet during pregnancy affects the long-term health of offspring. Although maternal diet influences metabolic disorders and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in offspring, the hepatic mechanisms related to metabolites are still unknown. Here, we investigated the maternal diet-related alterations in metabolites and the biological pathway in male offspring at three months of age. Pregnant rats were exposed to 50% food restriction during the prenatal period or a 45% high-fat diet during the prenatal and postnatal periods. The male offspring exposed to food restriction and high-fat diets had lower birth weights than controls, but had a catch-up growth spurt at three months of age. Hepatic taurine levels decreased in both groups compared to controls. The decreased hepatic taurine levels in offspring affected excessive lipid accumulation through changes in hepatocyte nuclear factor 4 A methylation. Moreover, the alteration of gluconeogenesis in offspring exposed to food restriction was observed to a similar extent as that of offspring exposed to a high fat diet. These results indicate that maternal diet affects the dysregulation in hepatic metabolism through changes in taurine levels and HNF4A methylation, and predisposes the offspring to Type 2 diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in later life.
Nuciferine administration in C57BL/6J mice with gestational diabetes mellitus induced by a high-fat diet: the improvement of glycolipid disorders and intestinal dysbacteriosis$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has become a global health concern as the main result of its contribution to the high risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes for both the mother and fetus. However, there is absence of an ideal and widely acceptable therapy. Nuciferine has previously been shown to exert beneficial effects in various metabolic diseases. This study aimed to investigate the potential therapeutic efficacy of nuciferine on GDM in C57BL/6J mice induced by a high-fat diet (HFD), which has not been reported before. The results showed that nuciferine improved glucose intolerance, reduced lipid accumulation and increased the glycogen content within hepatocytes, and decreased placental lipid and glycogen deposition, thus ameliorating glycolipid disorders in GDM mice. Additionally, nuciferine protected against histological degeneration of metabolism-associated critical organs including the liver, pancreas, and abdominal adipose tissue. Most interestingly, nuciferine could correct intestinal dysbacteriosis in GDM mice, as evidenced by the elevation of probiotic abundances consisting of Akkermansia, Lactobacillus, and Bifidobacterium, which were all negatively correlated with serum and liver triglyceride (TG) and positively associated with hepatic glycogen, and the reduction of conditional pathogen abundances including Escherichia-Shigella and Staphylococcus, and the latter was positively related to serum and liver TG and negatively linked with liver glycogen. Collectively, these findings suggest that nuciferine as a food-borne strategy played important roles in the management of GDM.
Intrahepatic Fat Is Increased in the Neonatal Offspring of Obese Women with Gestational Diabetes$$$ Objectives To assess precision magnetic resonance imaging in the neonate and determine whether there is an early maternal influence on the pattern of neonatal fat deposition in the offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obesity compared with the offspring of normal-weight women. Study design A total of 25 neonates born to normal weight mothers (n = 13) and to obese mothers with GDM(n = 12) underwent magnetic resonance imaging for the measurement of subcutaneous and intra-abdominal fat and magnetic resonance spectroscopy for the measurement of intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL) fat at 1-3 weeks of age. Results Infants born to obese/GDM mothers had a mean 68% increase in IHCL compared with infants born to normal-weight mothers. For all infants, IHCL correlated with maternal prepregnancy body mass index but not with subcutaneous adiposity. Conclusion Deposition of liver fat in the neonate correlates highly with maternal body mass index. This finding may have implications for understanding the developmental origins of childhood nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. (J Pediatr 2013;162:930-6).
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Patients With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome$$$ Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a multisystemic disorder usually seen in females who are in their reproductive age (15-49 years of age). PCOS exhibits insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia, which make it a pre-diabetic state. The syndrome has many overt changes, like dyslipidemia and hypertension, which increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases. There is also an increased risk of development of hepatic steatosis. Resistance to insulin, increased amount of insulin, and dysfunction of beta-cells are frequent in PCOS, although they are not the only cause for diagnosis. Type 2 diabetes and glucose resistance may result from total or compared insulin insufficiency, which can happen if the beta cells' compensatory response slows down. Pregnancy challenges such as miscarriage, gestational diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, more excellent rates of cesarean birth, and abnormalities in fetal development may be more common in women with PCOS. In studies investigating the glucose-insulin system compared to control groups with similar age and weight, glycemic intolerance, which includes both decreased glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes, was more common in PCOS women. In the short-term therapy of insulin resistance in PCOS, the potential use of insulin-sensitizing medications has recently been studied. Controlled studies have demonstrated that metformin treatment can lower fasting and stimulate plasma insulin levels by encouraging body weight reduction. These findings provide insulin-sensitizing drugs as a unique method in treating ovarian hyperandrogenism and irregular ovulation in PCOS and indicate a new prescription for Metformin. They further assert that long-term metformin treatment may assist in addressing insulin resistance, reducing the risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular-related disease in people who take it.
Unravelling the mechanisms by which chronic hepatitis B infection is associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes$$$ An independent association between chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) and the development of gestational diabetes (GDM) has been reported in the literature. Ethnic background and regional influences have been demonstrated to play a role in the reporting of incidence rates of GDM among women with chronic HBV. The mechanisms behind this association are poorly understood, but evidence suggests an inflammatory basis. Viral factors such as chronic HBV replication, quantifiable by HBV viral load, have been proposed to contribute to the increasing risk of insulin resistance in pregnancy. More research is needed to better characterise the association and determine if any interventions early in pregnancy for women infected with chronic HBV would mitigate the development of GDM.
Maternal DHA Supplementation during Pregnancy and Lactation in the Rat Protects the Offspring against High-Calorie Diet-Induced Hepatic Steatosis$$$ Maternal supplementation during pregnancy with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is internationally recommended to avoid postpartum maternal depression in the mother and improve cognitive and neurological outcomes in the offspring. This study was aimed at determining whether this nutritional intervention, in the rat, protects the offspring against the development of obesity and its associated metabolic disorders. Pregnant Wistar rats received an extract of fish oil enriched in DHA or saline (SAL) as placebo by mouth from the beginning of gestation to the end of lactation. At weaning, pups were fed standard chow or a free-choice, high-fat, high-sugar (fc-HFHS) diet. Compared to animals fed standard chow, rats exposed to the fc-HFHS diet exhibited increased body weight, liver weight, body fat and leptin in serum independently of saline or DHA maternal supplementation. Nevertheless, maternal DHA supplementation prevented both the glucose intolerance and the rise in serum insulin resulting from consumption of the fc-HFHS diet. In addition, animals from the DHA-fc-HFHS diet group showed decreased hepatic triglyceride accumulation compared to SAL-fc-HFHS rats. The beneficial effects on glucose homeostasis declined with age in male rats. Yet, the preventive action against hepatic steatosis was still present in 6-month-old animals of both sexes and was associated with decreased hepatic expression of lipogenic genes. The results of the present work show that maternal DHA supplementation during pregnancy programs a healthy phenotype into the offspring that was protective against the deleterious effects of an obesogenic diet.
Ultrasound evaluation of the fetal fat tissue, heart, liver and umbilical cord measurements in pregnancies complicated by gestational and type 1 diabetes mellitus: potential application in the fetal birth-weight estimation and prediction of the fetal macrosomia$$$ Background The aim of the study was to evaluate the ultrasound-derived measurements of the fetal soft-tissue, heart, liver and umbilical cord in pregnancies complicated by gestational (GDM) and type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), and further to assess their applicability in the estimation of the fetal birth-weight and prediction of fetal macrosomia. Methods Measurements were obtained from diet-controlled GDM (GDMG1) (n = 40), insulin-controlled GDM (GDMG2) (n = 40), T1DM (n = 24) and healthy control (n = 40) patients. The following parameters were selected for analysis: fetal sub-scapular fat mass (SSFM), abdominal fat mass (AFM), mid-thigh fat/lean mass (MTFM/MTLM) and inter-ventricular septum (IVS) thicknesses, heart and thorax circumference and area (HeC/HeA; ThC/ThA), liver length (LL), umbilical cord/vein/arteries circumference and area (UmC/UmA; UvC/UvA; UaC/UaA) together with total umbilical vessels (UveA) and Wharton's jelly area (WjA). Regression models were created in order to assess the contribution of selected parameters to fetal birth-weight (FBW) and risk of fetal macrosomia. Results Measurements of the fetal SSFM, AFM, MTFM, MTFM/MTLM ratio, HeC, HeA, IVS, LL, UmC, UmA, UaC, UaA, UveA and WjA were significantly increased among patients with GDMG2/T1DM as compared to GDMG1 and/or control groups (p < .05). The regression analysis revealed that maternal height as well as fetal biparietal diameter, abdominal circumference (AC), AFM and LL measurements were independent predictors of the FBW (p < .05). In addition, increase in the fetal AFM, AC and femur length (FL) was associated with a significant risk of fetal macrosomia occurrence (p < .05). The equation developed for the FBW estimation [FBW(g) = - 2254,942 + 17,204 * FL (mm) + 105,531 * AC (cm) + 131,347 * AFM (mm)] provided significantly lower mean absolute percent error than standard formula in the sub-group of women with T1DM (5.7% vs 9.4%, p < .05). Moreover, new equation including AC, FL and AFM parameters yielded sensitivity of 93.8%, specificity 77.7%, positive predictive value 54.5% and negative predictive value of 97.8% in the prediction of fetal macrosomia. Conclusions Ultrasound measurements of the fetal soft tissue, heart, liver and umbilical cord are significantly increased among women with GDM treated with insulin and T1DM. In addition to standard biometric measurements, parameters, such as AFM, may find application in the management of diabetes-complicated pregnancies.
Serum CathepsinD in pregnancy: Relation with metabolic and inflammatory markers and effects of fish oils and probiotics$$$ Background and aims: Elevated circulating levels of CathepsinD (CatD) have been linked to metabolic deviations including liver inflammation. We investigated 1) whether supplementation with probiotics and/or fish oil affects CatD and 2) whether the CatD concentration would associate with gestational diabetes (GDM), low-grade inflammation, lipid metabolism, body fat % and dietary composition. Methods and results: Overweight/obese pregnant women (n = 438) were randomized into fish oil thorn placebo, probiotics thorn placebo, fish oil thorn probiotics or placebo thorn placebo groups. Fish oil contained 1.9 g docosahexaenoic acid and 0.22 g eicosapentaenoic acid and probiotics were Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus HN001 (formerly Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001) and Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. lactis 420, 1010 colony-forming units each). Serum CatD levels were analysed by ELISA, GlycA and lipid metabolites by NMR, high sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) by immunoassay, and intakes of energy yielding nutrients and n-3 and n-6 fatty acids from food diaries at both early and late pregnancy. GDM was diagnosed by OGTT. CatD concentrations did not differ between the intervention groups or by GDM status. Multivariable linear models revealed that body fat % and GlycA affected CatD differently in healthy women and those with GDM. Conclusion: The serum CatD concentration of pregnant women was not modified by this dietary intervention. Serum CatD was influenced by two parameters, body fat and low grade inflammation, which were dependent on the woman's GDM status. (C) 2022 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University..
Oestrogen receptor α in T cells controls the T cell immune profile and glucose metabolism in mouse models of gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Aims/hypothesis The imbalance between maternal insulin resistance and a relative lack of insulin secretion underlies the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Alterations in T cell subtypes and increased levels of circulating proinflammatory cytokines have been proposed as potential mechanisms underlying the pathophysiology of insulin resistance in GDM. Since oestrogen modulates T cell immunity, we hypothesised that oestrogen plays a homeostatic role in visceral adipose tissue by coordinating T cell immunity through oestrogen receptor alpha (ER alpha) in T cells to prevent GDM. Methods Female CD4-cre ER alpha(fl/fl) (KO) mice on a C57BL/6 background with ER alpha ablation specifically in T cells, and ER alpha(fl/fl) (ER alpha-floxed [FL]) mice were fed 60 kJ% high-fat diet (HFD) for 4 weeks. Female mice mated with male BALB/c mice to achieve allogenic pregnancy and were maintained on an HFD to generate the GDM model. Mice were divided into four experimental groups: non-pregnant FL, non-pregnant KO, pregnant FL (FL-GDM) and pregnant KO (KO-GDM). GTTs and ITTs were performed on day 12.5 or 13.5 and 16.5 after breeding, respectively. On day 18.5 after breeding, mice were killed and T cell subsets in the gonadal white adipose tissue (gWAT) and spleen were analysed using flow cytometry. Histological examination was also conducted and proinflammatory gene expression in gWAT and the liver was evaluated. Results KO mice that mated with BALB/c mice showed normal fertility rates and fetal weights as compared with FL mice. Body and tissue weights were similar between FL and KO mice. When compared with FL-GDM mice, KO-GDM mice showed decreased insulin secretion (serum insulin concentration 15 min after glucose loading: 137.3 +/- 18.3 pmol/l and 40.1 +/- 36.5 pmol/l, respectively; p < 0.05), impaired glucose tolerance (glucose AUC in GTT: 2308.3 +/- 54.0 mmol/l x min and 2620.9 +/- 122.1 mmol/l x min, respectively; p < 0.05) and increased numbers of T helper (Th)17 cells in gWAT (0.4 +/- 0.0% vs 0.8 +/- 0.1%; p < 0.05). However, the contents of Th1 and regulatory T cells (Tregs) in gWAT remained similar between FL-GDM and KO-GDM. Glucose-stimulated insulin secretion was similar between isolated islets derived from FL and KO mice, but was reduced by IL-17A treatment. Moreover, the levels of proinflammatory gene expression, including expression of Emr1 and Tnfa in gWAT, were significantly higher in KO-GDM mice than in FL-GDM mice (5.1-fold and 2.7-fold, respectively; p < 0.01 for both). Furthermore, KO-GDM mice showed increased expression of genes encoding hepatokines, Ahsg and Fgf21 (both were 2.4-fold higher vs FL-GDM mice; p < 0.05 and p = 0.09, respectively), with no changes in inflammatory gene expression (e.g., Tnfa and Ifng) in the liver compared with FL-GDM mice. Conclusions/interpretation Deletion of ER alpha in T cells caused impaired maternal adaptation of insulin secretion, changes in hepatokine profiles, and enhanced chronic inflammation in gWAT alongside an abnormal increase in Th17 cells. These results suggest that the ER alpha-mediated oestrogen signalling effects in T cells regulate T cell immunity and contribute to glucose homeostasis in pregnancy.
Exposure to Bisphenol-A during Pregnancy Partially Mimics the Effects of a High-Fat Diet Altering Glucose Homeostasis and Gene Expression in Adult Male Mice$$$ Bisphenol-A (BPA) is one of the most widespread EDCs used as a base compound in the manufacture of polycarbonate plastics. The aim of our research has been to study how the exposure to BPA during pregnancy affects weight, glucose homeostasis, pancreatic beta-cell function and gene expression in the major peripheral organs that control energy flux: white adipose tissue (WAT), the liver and skeletal muscle, in male offspring 17 and 28 weeks old. Pregnant mice were treated with a subcutaneous injection of 10 mu g/kg/day of BPA or a vehicle from day 9 to 16 of pregnancy. One month old offspring were divided into four different groups: vehicle treated mice that ate a normal chow diet (Control group); BPA treated mice that also ate a normal chow diet (BPA); vehicle treated animals that had a high fat diet (HFD) and BPA treated animals that were fed HFD (HFD-BPA). The BPA group started to gain weight at 18 weeks old and caught up to the HFD group before week 28. The BPA group as well as the HFD and HFD-BPA ones presented fasting hyperglycemia, glucose intolerance and high levels of non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) in plasma compared with the Control one. Glucose stimulated insulin release was disrupted, particularly in the HFD-BPA group. In WAT, the mRNA expression of the genes involved in fatty acid metabolism, Srebpc1, Ppar alpha and Cpt1 beta was decreased by BPA to the same extent as with the HFD treatment. BPA treatment upregulated Pparc and Prkaa1 genes in the liver; yet it diminished the expression of Cd36. Hepatic triglyceride levels were increased in all groups compared to control. In conclusion, male offspring from BPA-treated mothers presented symptoms of diabesity. This term refers to a form of diabetes which typically develops in later life and is associated with obesity.
Fatty liver in pregnancy: a narrative review of two distinct conditions$$$ Introduction: Fatty liver is rather common in pregnancy, occurring in two totally different conditions, i.e. nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in pregnancy and acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP). The former is a common condition, resulting by chance association because of the epidemics of obesity and the older age of many pregnant women in Western countries; the latter is a rare disease whose pathophysiology is still incompletely understood. Areas covered: We reviewed the evidence-based knowledge on fatty liver in/of pregnancy. For NAFLD, a few large retrospective and prospective studies identify immediate and late risks for both the mother and the fetus. For AFLP, only small retrospective studies are available, indicating that prompt delivery and eventual referral to Liver Units for liver support or transplantation are mandatory to avoid maternal and fetal death. Expert opinion: The number of pregnant women with fatty liver is expected to increase in the next years. Pharmacologic treatment of NAFLD might be postponed, even when new drugs are approved by health authorities for the general population. In the case of AFLP, we need to improve our ability to correctly identify and treat the most severe cases not resolving with delivery.
TRIGLYCERIDE METABOLISM IN PREGNANCY$$$ During pregnancy, complex changes occur in lipid profiles. From the 12th week of gestation, phospholipids, cholesterol (total, LDL, HDL), and triglycerides (TG) increase in response to estrogen stimulation and insulin resistance. Transition to a catabolic state favors maternal tissue lipid use as energy sources, thus sparing glucose and amino acids for the fetus. In addition, maternal lipids, that is, cholesterol, are available for fetal use in building cell membranes and as precursor of bile acids and steroid hormones. It is also required for cell proliferation and development of the growing body. Free-fatty acids (FFA), oxidized in the maternal liver as ketone-bodies, represent an alternative fuel for the fetus. Maternal hypertriglyceridemia (vs. other lipids) has many positive effects such as contributing to fetal growth and development and serving as an energy depot for maternal dietary fatty acids. However, increased TG during pregnancy appears to increase risk of preeclampsia and preterm birth. Some have suggested that maternal hypertriglyceridemia has a role in increasing cardiovascular risk later in life. This chapter reviews lipid metabolism during pregnancy to elucidate its effect on fetal growth and its potential role in pregnancy-associated complications and future cardiovascular risk.
Maternal Exercise Protects Male Offspring From Maternal Diet-Programmed Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Progression$$$ Maternal obesity programs the risk for development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in offspring. Maternal exercise is a potential intervention to prevent developmentally programmed phenotypes. We hypothesized that maternal exercise would protect from progression of NAFLD in offspring previously exposed to a maternal obesogenic diet. Female mice were fed chow (CON) or high fat, fructose, cholesterol (HFFC) and bred with lean males. A subset had an exercise wheel introduced 4 weeks after starting the diet to allow for voluntary exercise. The offspring were weaned to the HFFC diet for 7 weeks to induce NAFLD. Serum, adipose, and liver tissue were collected for metabolic, histologic, and gene expression analyses. Cecal contents were collected for 16S sequencing. Global metabolomics was performed on liver. Female mice fed the HFFC diet had increased body weight prior to adding an exercise wheel. Female mice fed the HFFC diet had an increase in exercise distance relative to CON during the preconception period. Exercise distance was similar between groups during pregnancy and lactation. CON-active and HFFC-active offspring exhibited decreased inflammation compared with offspring from sedentary dams. Fibrosis increased in offspring from HFFC-sedentary dams compared with CON-sedentary. Offspring from exercised HFFC dams exhibited less fibrosis than offspring from sedentary HFFC dams. While maternal diet significantly affected the microbiome of offspring, the effect of maternal exercise was minimal. Metabolomics analysis revealed shifts in multiple metabolites including several involved in bile acid, 1-carbon, histidine, and acylcarnitine metabolism. This study provides preclinical evidence that maternal exercise is a potential approach to prevent developmentally programmed liver disease progression in offspring.
Western diet-induced shifts in the maternal microbiome are associated with altered microRNA expression in baboon placenta and fetal liver$$$ Maternal consumption of a high-fat, Western-style diet (WD) disrupts the maternal/infant microbiome and contributes to developmental programming of the immune system and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in the offspring. Epigenetic changes, including non-coding miRNAs in the fetus and/or placenta may also underlie this risk. We previously showed that obese nonhuman primates fed a WD during pregnancy results in the loss of beneficial maternal gut microbes and dysregulation of cellular metabolism and mitochondrial dysfunction in the fetal liver, leading to a perturbed postnatal immune response with accelerated NAFLD in juvenile offspring. Here, we investigated associations between WD-induced maternal metabolic and microbiome changes, in the absence of obesity, and miRNA and gene expression changes in the placenta and fetal liver. After similar to 8-11 months of WD feeding, dams were similar in body weight but exhibited mild, systemic inflammation (elevated CRP and neutrophil count) and dyslipidemia (increased triglycerides and cholesterol) compared with dams fed a control diet. The maternal gut microbiome was mainly comprised of Lactobacillales and Clostridiales, with significantly decreased alpha diversity (P = 0.0163) in WD-fed dams but no community-wide differences (P = 0.26). At 0.9 gestation, mRNA expression of IL6 and TNF in maternal WD (mWD) exposed placentas trended higher, while increased triglycerides, expression of pro-inflammatory CCR2, and histological evidence for fibrosis were found in mWD-exposed fetal livers. In the mWD-exposed fetus, hepatic expression levels of miR-204-5p and miR-145-3p were significantly downregulated, whereas in mWD-exposed placentas, miR-182-5p and miR-183-5p were significantly decreased. Notably, miR-1285-3p expression in the liver and miR-183-5p in the placenta were significantly associated with inflammation and lipid synthesis pathway genes, respectively. Blautia and Ruminococcus were significantly associated with miR-122-5p in liver, while Coriobacteriaceae and Prevotellaceae were strongly associated with miR-1285-3p in the placenta; both miRNAs are implicated in pathways mediating postnatal growth and obesity. Our findings demonstrate that mWD shifts the maternal microbiome, lipid metabolism, and inflammation prior to obesity and are associated with epigenetic changes in the placenta and fetal liver. These changes may underlie inflammation, oxidative stress, and fibrosis patterns that drive NAFLD and metabolic disease risk in the next generation.
Influence of Japanese diet consumption during pregnancy and lactation on lipid metabolism in offspring$$$ Objective: Previous studies have demonstrated that obesity is rare among those who consume the Japanese diet because of its lower caloric content compared with the American diet. Meanwhile, it has been reported that maternal caloric restriction, which induces antiobesity effects, during pregnancy and lactation increases the likelihood of a low birthweight infant, which increases the risks for obesity and diabetes later in life. The aim of this study was to examine the influence of maternal consumption of the Japanese diet during pregnancy and lactation on the risk for obesity and diabetes in the offspring later in life. Methods: Pregnant mice were divided into three groups and fed either a control diet, Western diet, or Japanese diet, and their offspring were raised until 7 wk old. Results: Examinations of 18-d-old and 7-wk-old offspring showed no effect of consistently eating a Japanese diet during pregnancy and lactation on the health conditions of 18-d-old offspring, but 7-wk-old offspring showed a decrease in visceral fat and liver triacylglycerol levels. In addition, 7-wk-old offspring from mothers who consumed the Japanese diet during pregnancy and lactation showed a decrease in the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance and a reduced risk for developing diabetes. This tendency was also confirmed in 18-d-old offspring. Evaluation of the mechanism revealed that fatty acid synthesis in the liver of the offspring was suppressed by the mother's consumption of the Japanese diet. Conclusion: From these results, maternal consumption of the Japanese diet during pregnancy and lactation did not adversely affect the offspring, and continual intake of this diet reduced the risk for developing obesity and diabetes in the offspring later in life. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Prenatal nicotine exposure enhances the susceptibility to metabolic syndrome in adult offspring rats fed high-fat diet via alteration of HPA axis-associated neuroendocrine metabolic programming$$$ Aim: Prenatal nicotine exposure (PNE) alters the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical (HPA) axis-associated neuroendocrine metabolic programming in intrauterine growth retardation offspring rats. In this study we aimed to clarify the susceptibility to metabolic diseases of PNE offspring rats fed a high-fat diet. Methods: Maternal Wistar rats were injected with nicotine (1.0 mg/kg, sc) twice per day from gestational day 11 until full-term delivery, and all pups were fed a high-fat diet after weaning and exposed to unpredictable chronic stress (UCS) during postnatal weeks 18-20. Blood samples were collected before and after chronic stress, and serum ACTH, corticosterone, glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, triglyceride and free fatty acids levels were measured. The hypothalamus, pituitary gland and liver were dissected for histological studies. Results: UCS significantly increased the serum ACTH, corticosterone and insulin levels as well as the insulin resistant index without changing the serum glucose, total cholesterol, triglyceride and free fatty acids levels in adult offspring rats without PNE. The body weight of PNE offspring rats presented a typical "catch-up" growth pattern. PNE not only aggravated the UCS-induced changes in the HPA axis programmed alteration (caused further increases in the serum ACTH and corticosterone levels), but also significantly changed the glucose and lipid metabolism after UCS (caused further increases in the serum glucose level and insulin resistant index, and decrease in the serum free fatty acids). The effects of PNE on the above indexes after UCS showed gender differences. Pathological studies revealed that PNE led to plenty of lipid droplets in multiple organs. Conclusion: PNE enhances not only the HPA axis, but also the susceptibility to metabolic diseases in adult offspring rats fed a high-fat diet after UCS in a gender-specific manner and enhances the susceptibility to metabolic diseases in adult offspring rats fed a high-fat diet.
Pregnancy Toxemia in Ewes: A Review of Molecular Metabolic Mechanisms and Management Strategies$$$ Pregnancy toxemia is a nutritional metabolic disease during late gestation in small ruminants. The condition is characterized by disorders in carbohydrate and fat metabolism. Obese and multiparous ewes are particularly susceptible to pregnancy toxemia, which may lead to maternal death, abortion, or premature birth. Highly productive multiparous meat ewes are major breeding animals, which has led to an increased incidence of the disease. However, the pathogenesis of pregnancy toxemia remains unclear and adequate disease prevention and treatment strategies are absent. Investigating the pathogenesis of pregnancy toxemia, especially the metabolic pathways of hepatic lipids, is key to an improved understanding of the condition. This review provides a snapshot of the genes that are associated with lipid metabolism in the ovine liver, including genes involved in fatty acid oxidation, acetyl coenzyme metabolism, and triglyceride synthesis; describes the interrelationships between these genes; and summarizes the diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of pregnancy toxemia.
PAPPA-mediated adipose tissue remodeling mitigates insulin resistance and protects against gestational diabetes in mice and humans$$$ Pregnancy is a physiological state of continuous adaptation to changing maternal and fetal nutritional needs, including a reduction of maternal insulin sensitivity allowing for appropriately enhanced glucose availability to the fetus. However, excessive insulin resistance in conjunction with insufficient insulin secretion results in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), greatly increasing the risk for pregnancy complications and predisposing both mothers and offspring to future metabolic disease. Here, we report a signaling pathway connecting pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPPA) with adipose tissue expansion in pregnancy. Adipose tissue plays a central role in the regulation of insulin sensitivity, and we show that, in both mice and humans, pregnancy caused remodeling of adipose tissue evidenced by altered adipocyte size, vascularization, and in vitro expansion capacity. PAPPA is known to be a metalloprotease secreted by human placenta that modulates insulin-like growth factor (IGF) bioavailability through prolteolysis of IGF binding proteins (IGFBPs) 2, 4, and 5. We demonstrate that recombinant PAPPA can stimulate ex vivo human adipose tissue expansion in an IGFBP-5- and IGF-1-dependent manner. Moreover, mice lacking PAPPA displayed impaired adipose tissue remodeling, pregnancy-induced insulin resistance, and hepatic steatosis, recapitulating multiple aspects of human GDM. In a cohort of 6361 pregnant women, concentrations of circulating PAPPA are inversely correlated with glycemia and odds of developing GDM. These data identify PAPPA and the IGF signaling pathway as necessary for the regulation of maternal adipose tissue physiology and systemic glucose homeostasis, with consequences for long-term metabolic risk and potential for therapeutic use.
Role of Serotonin (5-HT) in GDM Prediction Considering Islet and Liver Interplay in Prediabetic Mice during Gestation$$$ Gestational diabetes (GDM) is characterized by a glucose tolerance disorder. This may first appear during pregnancy or pre-exist before conception as a form of prediabetes, but there are few data on the pathogenesis of the latter subtype. Female New Zealand obese (NZO) mice serve as a model for this subpopulation of GDM. It was recently shown that GDM is associated with elevated urinary serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine, 5-HT) levels, but the role of the biogenic amine in subpopulations with prediabetes remains unclear. 5-HT is synthesized in different tissues, including the islets of Langerhans during pregnancy. Furthermore, 5-HT receptors (HTRs) are expressed in tissues important for the regulation of glucose homeostasis, such as liver and pancreas. Interestingly, NZO mice showed elevated plasma and islet 5-HT concentrations as well as impaired glucose-stimulated 5-HT secretion. Incubation of isolated primary NZO islets with 5-HT revealed an inhibitory effect on insulin and glucagon secretion. In primary NZO hepatocytes, 5-HT aggravated hepatic glucose production (HGP), decreased glucose uptake (HGU), glycogen content, and modulated AKT activation as well as cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) increase, indicating 5-HT downstream modulation. Treatment with an HTR2B antagonist reduced this 5-HT-mediated deterioration of the metabolic state. With its strong effect on glucose metabolism, these data indicate that 5-HT is already a potential indicator of GDM before conception in mice.
Metformin and its clinical use: new insights for an old drug in clinical practice$$$ Metformin is generally recommended as first-line treatment in type 2 diabetes, especially in overweight patients, but in recent years new indications for its use have emerged. Metformin has been found to be safe and efficacious both as monotherapy and in combination with all oral antidiabetic agents and insulins. If metformin use during pregnancy and the lactation period is supported by few data, it could be indicated for women with polycystic ovary syndrome, since it could diminish circulating androgens and insulin resistance, thus ameliorating the ovulation rate. Metformin seems to reduce cancer risk, which appears to be increased in diabetics, and is a promising agent for oncoprevention and chemotherapy combinations. Moreover, metformin could find a place in the treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Lactic acidosis could be decreased by avoiding metformin use in patients with hypovolemia, sepsis, renal impairment, hypoxic respiratory diseases and heart failure, in the preoperative period and before intravenous injection of contrast media.
Exosomal MicroRNA Expression Profiling Analysis of the Effects of Lycium Barbarum Polysaccharide on Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Mice$$$ Objective. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pathological condition, affecting an increasing number of pregnant women worldwide. Safe and effective treatment for GDM is very important for the public health. In this study, we utilized a high-fat diet-induced GDM model to evaluate the effects of LBP on GDM and examined the changes of exosomal microRNA expression profiling to decipher the potential underlying mechanism of LBP.Methods. Female C57BL/6J mice were fed a control diet, HFD, or 150 mg/kg LBP-supplemented HFD for 6 weeks before conception and throughout gestation. Oral glucose tolerance test and plasma lipid levels were determined, and liver histopathology was assessed. Sequencing was used to define the microRNA expression profiling of plasma exosomes in the three groups of mice, and protein expression levels of the candidate target genes were analyzed.Results. LBP significantly relieved glucose intolerance, abnormal plasma lipid levels, and pathomorphological changes of liver histopathology in HFD-induced GDM mice. Moreover, we found that this effect of LBP was mediated by downregulation of the increase of 6 miRNAs (miR-93-3p, miR-188-5p, miR-466k, miR-1188-5p, miR-7001-3p, and miR-7115-5p) and reversing the increase of the protein expression of CPT1A, which is the target gene of miR-188-5p.Conclusions. Our findings provide novel insights into the biological activities of LBP in the treatment of GDM.
Circadian Disruption across Lifespan Impairs Glucose Homeostasis and Insulin Sensitivity in Adult Mice$$$ Circadian rhythm disruption is associated with impaired glucose homeostasis and type 2 diabetes. For example, night shift work is associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes. However, the effects of chronic circadian disruption since early life on adult metabolic health trajectory remain unknown. Here, using the "Short Day" (SD) mouse model, in which an 8 h/8 h light/dark (LD) cycle was used to disrupt mouse circadian rhythms across the lifespan, we investigated glucose homeostasis in adult mice. Adult SD mice were fully entrained into the 8 h/8 h LD cycle, and control mice were entrained into the 12 h/12 h LD cycle. Under a normal chow diet, female and male SD mice displayed a normal body weight trajectory. However, female but not male SD mice under a normal chow diet displayed glucose intolerance and insulin resistance, which are associated with impaired insulin signaling/AKT in the skeletal muscle and liver. Under high-fat diet (HFD) challenges, male but not female SD mice demonstrated increased body weight gain compared to controls. Both male and female SD mice developed glucose intolerance under HFD. Taken together, these results demonstrate that environmental disruption of circadian rhythms contributes to obesity in a sexually dimorphic manner but increases the risk of glucose intolerance and insulin resistance in both males and females.
In Utero Dexamethasone Exposure Exacerbates Hepatic Steatosis in Rats That Consume Fructose During Adulthood$$$ Distinct environmental insults might interact with fructose consumption and contribute to the development of metabolic disorders. To address whether in utero glucocorticoid exposure and fructose intake modulate metabolic responses, adult female Wistar rats were exposed to dexamethasone (DEX) during pregnancy, and the offspring were administered fructose at a later time. Briefly, dams received DEX during the third period of pregnancy, while control dams remained untreated. Offspring born to control and DEX-treated mothers were defined as CTL-off and DEX-off, respectively, while untreated animals were designated CTL-off-CTL and DEX-off-CTL. CLT-off and DEX-off treated with 10% fructose in the drinking water for 8 weeks are referred to as CTL-off-FRU and DEX-off-FRU. We found that fructose promoted glucose intolerance and whole-body gluconeogenesis in both CTL-off-FRU and DEX-off-FRU animals. On the other hand, hepatic lipid accumulation was significantly stimulated in DEX-off-FRU rats when compared to the CTL-off-FRU group. The DEX-off-FRU group also displayed impaired very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) production and reduced hepatic expression of apoB, mttp, and sec22b. DEX-off-FRU has lower hepatic levels of autophagy markers. Taken together, our results support the unprecedented notion that in utero glucocorticoid exposure exacerbates hepatic steatosis caused by fructose consumption later in life.
Pregnancy and liver disease$$$ Liver disease has an impact on women's health during pregnancy because of the complex interactions between the physiologic changes induced by pregnancy and the pathophysiologic changes of liver disease. In particular, liver diseases that predominantly afflict females, such as primary biliary cirrhosis and autoimmune hepatitis, pose a special problem for conception and management of pregnancy. Pregnancy, moreover, specifically is associated with several potentially life-threatening liver diseases. This article reviews comprehensively the impact of liver diseases on pregnancy and of pregnancy on liver function and liver disease.
Maternal overweight and obesity modify the association of serum fibroblast growth factor 21 levels with gestational diabetes mellitus: A nested case-control study$$$ Aims: To examine the prospective association between fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and the modifying effect of overweight/obesity for this association. Methods: Serum FGF21 levels were measured at 6-15 weeks of gestation among 332 GDM cases and 664 matched controls. Conditional logistic regression was used to evaluate its association with GDM risk. Interaction analyses on multiplicative and additive scales were conducted to investigate the modifying effect of overweight/ obesity. Results: Elevated FGF21 levels were associated with a higher risk of GDM in multivariable models, but the positive association was attenuated after further adjustment for pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI). A significant multiplicative interaction was noted between FGF21 (both continuous and dichotomous) and prepregnancy BMI (p for interaction = 0.049 and 0.03), and the association was only significant in participants with pre-pregnancy BMI =24 kg/m(2). When participants were grouped based on pre- pregnancy BMI (=24 and <24 kg/m(2)) and FGF21 levels (=median and <median), a significant association was observed in those with higher BMI and FGF21 levels (odds ratio, 2.12; 95% CI: 1.41, 3.20) but not in those with either higher BMI or higher FGF21, with a significant additive interaction (relative excess risk due to interaction = 1.23; 95% CI: 0.27, 2.20). FGF21 was also correlated with unfavourable glucose and lipid biomarkers as well as adipokines. Conclusions: Elevated serum FGF21 levels in early pregnancy were associated with a higher risk of GDM, particularly among those with overweight/obesity.
Maternal exposure to high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation predisposes normal weight offspring mice to develop hepatic inflammation and insulin resistance$$$ Increasing evidence shows a potential link between the perinatal nutrient environment and metabolic outcome in offspring. Here, we investigated the effects of maternal feeding of a high-fat diet (HFD) during the perinatal period on hepatic metabolism and inflammation in male offspring mice at weaning and in early adulthood. Female C57BL/6 J mice were fed HFD or normal chow (NC) for 4 weeks before mating and during pregnancy and lactation. The male offspring mice were weaned onto an NC diet, and metabolic and molecular experiments were performed in early adulthood. At postnatal day 21, male offspring mice from HFD-fed dams (Off-HFD) showed significant increases in whole body fat mass and fasting levels of glucose, insulin, and cholesterol compared to male offspring mice from NC-fed dams (Off-NC). The RT-qPCR analysis showed two- to fivefold increases in hepatic inflammatory markers (MCP-1, IL-1 beta, and F4/80) in Off-HFD mice. Hepatic expression of G6Pase and PEPCK was elevated by fivefold in the Off-HFD mice compared to the Off-NC mice. Hepatic expression of GLUT4, IRS-1, and PDK4, as well as lipid metabolic genes, CD36, SREBP1c, and SCD1 were increased in the Off-HFD mice compared to the Off-NC mice. In contrast, CPT1a mRNA levels were reduced by 60% in the Off-HFD mice. At postnatal day 70, despite comparable body weights to the Off-NC mice, Off-HFD mice developed hepatic inflammation with increased expression of MCP-1, CD68, F4/80, and CD36 compared to the Off-NC mice. Despite normal body weight, Off-HFD mice developed insulin resistance with defects in hepatic insulin action and insulin-stimulated glucose uptake in skeletal muscle and brown fat, and these metabolic effects were associated with hepatic inflammation in Off-HFD mice. Our findings indicate hidden, lasting effects of maternal exposure to HFD during pregnancy and lactation on metabolic homeostasis of normal weight offspring mice.
Acute fatty liver of pregnancy$$$ Acute fatty liver is a rare but potentially fatal complication of the third trimester of pregnancy. Significant improvements in morbidity and mortality have been reported in the last several years. Despite accumulation of more data about the disease, the exact pathogenesis is unknown. Many women are initially misdiagnosed with other more common causes of liver dysfunction during pregnancy. It is possible that acute fatty liver is an atypical form of preeclampsia because 30% to 40% of women with acute fatty liver also have preeclampsia. Supportive care and expeditious delivery represent the only known treatment. More data are needed about acute fatty liver of pregnancy, but the rare nature of the disease and the likelihood that most cases are not reported in the literature limit the ability systematically to study causation, disease process, and treatment options. Because of the serious condition of most women who develop acute fatty liver of pregnancy, collaboration between critical care and perinatal care providers is essential for optimal maternal-fetal outcomes.
Safety and efficacy of a fish-oil-based fat emulsion in the treatment of parenteral nutrition-associated liver disease$$$ BACKGROUND. Parenteral nutrition-associated liver disease can be a progressive and fatal entity in children with short-bowel syndrome. Soybean-fat emulsions provided as part of standard parenteral nutrition may contribute to its pathophysiology. METHODS. We compared safety and efficacy outcomes of a fish-oil-based fat emulsion in 18 infants with short-bowel syndrome who developed cholestasis (serum direct bilirubin level of > 2 mg/dL) while receiving soybean emulsions with those from a historical cohort of 21 infants with short-bowel syndrome who also developed cholestasis while receiving soybean emulsions. The primary end point was time to reversal of cholestasis (3 consecutive measurements of serum direct bilirubin level of > 2 mg/dL). RESULTS. Among survivors, the median time to reversal of cholestasis was 9.4 and 44.1 weeks in the fish-oil and historical cohorts, respectively. Subjects who received fish-oil-based emulsion experienced reversal of cholestasis 4.8 times faster than those who received soybean emulsions and 6.8 times faster in analysis adjusted for baseline bilirubin concentration, gestational age, and the diagnosis of necrotizing enterocolitis. A total of 2 deaths and 0 liver transplantations were recorded in the fish-oil cohort and 7 deaths and 2 transplantations in the historical cohort. The provision of fish-oil-based fat emulsion was not associated with essential fatty acid deficiency, hypertriglyceridemia, coagulopathy, infections, or growth delay. CONCLUSIONS. Parenteral fish-oil-based fat emulsions are safe and may be effective in the treatment of parenteral nutrition-associated liver disease.
Sex-specific effects of maternal metformin intervention during glucose-intolerant obese pregnancy on body composition and metabolic health in aged mouse offspring$$$ Aims/hypothesis Metformin is increasingly used to treat gestational diabetes (GDM) and pregnancies complicated by pregestational type 2 diabetes or polycystic ovary syndrome but data regarding long-term offspring outcome are lacking in both human studies and animal models. Using a mouse model, this study investigated the effects of maternal metformin intervention during obese glucose-intolerant pregnancy on adiposity, hepatic steatosis and markers of metabolic health of male and female offspring up to the age of 12 months. Methods C57BL/6J female mice were weaned onto either a control diet (Con) or, to induce pre-conception obesity, an obesogenic diet (Ob). The respective diets were maintained throughout pregnancy and lactation. These obese dams were then randomised to the untreated group or to receive 300 mg/kg oral metformin hydrochloride treatment (Ob-Met) daily during pregnancy. In male and female offspring, body weights and body composition were measured from 1 month until 12 months of age, when serum and tissues were collected for investigation of adipocyte cellularity (histology), adipose tissue inflammation (histology and quantitative RT PCR), and hepatic steatosis and fibrosis (histochemistry and modified Folch assay). Results At 12 months of age, male Ob and Ob-Met offspring showed increased adiposity, adipocyte hypertrophy, elevated expression of proinflammatory genes, hyperleptinaemia and hepatic lipid accumulation compared with Con offspring. Male Ob-Met offspring failed to show hyperplasia between 8 weeks and 12 months, indicative of restricted adipose tissue expansion, resulting in increased immune cell infiltration and ectopic lipid deposition. Female Ob offspring were relatively protected from these phenotypes but Ob-Met female offspring showed increased adiposity, adipose tissue inflammation. hepatic lipid accumulation, hyperl cptinaemia and hyperinsulinaemia compared with Con female offspring. Conclusions/interpretation Maternal metformin treatment of obese dams increased offspring metabolic risk factors in a sex- and age-dependent manner. These observations highlight the importance of following up offspring of both sexes beyond early adulthood after interventions during pregnancy. Our findings illustrate the complexity of balancing short-term benefits to mother and child vs any potential long-term metabolic effects on the offspring when prescribing therapeutic agents that cross the placenta.
Association of <i>CPT1A</i> gene polymorphism with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a case-control study$$$ Purpose Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a growing public health problem worldwide and its etiology remains unclear. The pathophysiology of GDM is similar to that of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and insulin resistance (IR) is the main reason for the development of GDM. Carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1A (CPT1A) is a candidate gene for metabolic disorders; however, the association of the CPT1A gene and GDM has not yet been studied. We aimed to explore whether single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of the CPT1A gene could influence the risk of GDM. Methods We examined 18 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the CPT1A gene and the risk of GDM in a nested case-control study of 334 GDM patients and 334 controls. The controls who had no GDM were randomly selected through matching to cases by age and residence. Results After adjusting the family history of diabetes, pre-pregnancy body mass index, and multiple comparison correction, the CPT1A rs2846194 and rs2602814 were associated with reduced GDM risk while rs59506005 was associated with elevated GDM risk. Moreover, the GGAC haplotype in the CPT1A gene (rs17399246 rs1016873 rs11228450 rs10896396) was associated with a reduced risk of GDM. Conclusion Our study provides evidence for an association between genetic polymorphisms in the CPT1A and the risk of GDM.
Maternal high-fat diet triggers lipotoxicity in the fetal livers of nonhuman primates$$$ Maternal obesity is thought to increase the offspring's risk of juvenile obesity and metabolic diseases; however, the mechanism(s) whereby excess maternal nutrition affects fetal development remain poorly understood. Here, we investigated in nonhuman primates the effect of chronic high-fat diet (HFD) on the development of fetal metabolic systems. We found that fetal offspring from both lean and obese mothers chronically consuming a HFD had a 3-fold increase in liver triglycerides (TGs). In addition, fetal offspring from HFD-fed mothers (O-HFD) showed increased evidence of hepatic oxidative stress early in the third trimester, consistent with the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). O-HFD animals also exhibited elevated hepatic expression of gluconeogenic enzymes and transcription factors. Furthermore, fetal glycerol levels were 2-fold higher in O-HFD animals than in control fetal offspring and correlated with maternal levels. The increased fetal hepatic TG levels persisted at P180, concurrent with a 2-fold increase in percent body fat. Importantly, reversing the maternal HFD to a low-fat diet during a subsequent pregnancy improved fetal hepatic TG levels and partially normalized gluconeogenic enzyme expression, without changing maternal body weight. These results suggest that a developing fetus is highly vulnerable to excess lipids, independent of maternal diabetes and/or obesity, and that exposure to this may increase the risk of pediatric NAFLD.
Phenome-Wide Investigation of the Causal Associations Between Pre-Pregnancy Obesity Traits and Gestational Diabetes: A Two-Sample Mendelian Randomization Analyses$$$ Pre-pregnancy obesity was associated with gestational diabetes in observational studies, but whether this relationship is causal remains to be determined. To evaluate whether pre-pregnancy obesity traits causally affect gestational diabetes risk, a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was performed utilizing summary-level statistics from published genome-wide association studies (GWAS). Obesity-related traits included body mass index (BMI), overweight, obesity, obesity class 1, obesity class 2, obesity class 3, childhood obesity, waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), percent liver fat, visceral adipose tissue volume, abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue volume. Effect estimates were evaluated using the inverse-variance weighting method. Weighted median, MR-Egger, simple mode, and weighted mode were performed as sensitivity analyses. Genetically predicted pre-pregnancy BMI [odds ratio (OR) = 1.68; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.45-1.95; P = 9.13 x 10-12], overweight (OR = 1.49; 95% CI: 1.21-1.85; P = 2.06 x 10-4), obesity (OR = 1.25; 95% CI: 1.18-1.33; P = 8.01 x 10-13), obesity class 1 (OR = 1.31; 95% CI: 1.17-1.46; P = 1.49 x 10-6), obesity class 2 (OR = 1.26; 95% CI: 1.16-1.37; P = 5.23 x 10-8), childhood obesity (OR = 1.33; 95% CI: 1.23-1.44; P = 4.06 x 10-12), and WHR (OR = 2.35; 95% CI: 1.44-3.83; P = 5.89 x 10-4) were associated with increased risk of gestational diabetes. No significant association was observed with obesity class 3, WC, HC, percent liver fat, visceral adipose tissue volume, or abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue volume. Similar results were observed in sensitivity analyses. Therefore, genetically predicted pre-pregnancy obesity traits may increase the risk of gestational diabetes. Weight control before pregnancy may be beneficial to prevent gestational diabetes.
Current type 2 diabetes, rather than previous gestational diabetes, is associated with liver disease in US Women$$$ ABSTR A C T Aim: To investigate the relative contribution of previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and current type 2 diabetes (T2D) on the development of liver fibrosis, the strongest predictor of end-stage liver disease. Methods: This is a population-based cross-sectional study based on data from the 2017- 2018 cycle of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. We included women age > 20 years that had delivered at least one live birth and had available data on vibration-controlled transient elastography (VCTE). Liver steatosis and fibrosis were assessed by the median value of controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) and liver stiffness measurement (LSM), respectively. Results: Among the 1699 women included in the study, 144 (10.1%, 95% CI 7.7-13.2) reported a previous diagnosis of GDM. Women with previous GDM were younger, had a higher BMI, a higher prevalence of T2D and were significantly older at the time they had the last live birth. Univariate analysis did not show a significant difference between women with and without a prior history of GDM in terms of both steatosis (44.8% vs 39.4%, p = 0.464) and fibrosis (7.5% vs 7.6%, p = 0.854). Multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that BMI, c-glutamyltranspeptidase levels, T2D (OR 2.96, 95% CI 1.48-5.93, p < 0.01), HBV and HCV infection were associated with higher odds of significant fibrosis, while previous GDM showed a neutral effect. Conclusions: Women with previous GDM that do not develop overt T2D might not experi-ence a poor hepatic prognosis. (c) 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
An early fish oil-enriched diet reverses biochemical, liver and adipose tissue alterations in male offspring from maternal protein restriction in mice$$$ Fetal programming is linked to adulthood metabolic and chronic diseases. We hypothesized that early fish oil (FO) intake would revert the programming responses in adult offspring. Pregnant mice were fed either standard chow (SC) or a low-protein diet (LP) throughout pregnancy/lactation. At weaning, the following groups were formed: SC and SC-FO, LP and LP-FO, which were fed SC or SC+FO, respectively. The LP offspring are predisposed to becoming fat, hypercholesterolemic and hyperglycemic. In addition, during adulthood, they become hypertensive with hepatic steatosis and have a high level of sterol regulatory element binding protein (SREBP-1). However, LP offspring that were fed an FO-enriched diet have decreased body mass (BM) gain and lower final BM. In addition, with this diet, these mice have improved lipid metabolism with a decrease in total cholesterol (TC) and triacylglyceride (TG) levels, reduced fat pad masses and reduced adipocyte size. Furthermore, these LP offspring show reduced liver structural damage of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), liver steatosis with low SREBP-1 protein expression and high peroxisome proliferator activity receptor-alpha expression, and improvement of blood pressure (BP) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha level. Early fish oil intake has beneficial effects on the programming responses that control body fat pad, glucose and lipid metabolism, and liver and adipose tissue structure in adult programmed offspring. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Can sonographic imaging of the fetal pancreas predict perinatal outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus?$$$ Objectives To evaluate whether fetal pancreatic echogenicity and its measurements are associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and perinatal outcomes. Methods A prospective cohort study was conducted with 150 pregnant women with a singleton pregnancy. The study included pregnant women between 30 and 41 weeks with or without GDM. Fetal pancreatic circumference was measured using the free-hand tracking function. The echogenicity of the fetal pancreas was compared with the echogenicity of the liver and bone (ribs, spine) and classified as Grades 1, 2 and 3. The relationship between maternal characteristics and perinatal outcomes with fetal pancreas measurements and echogenicity was evaluated. Results Pregnant women with 75 GDM and 75 without GDM were included in the study. Mean fetal pancreas circumference measurements were significantly higher in pregnant women with GDM than in those without GDM (p=0.001). Hyperechogenic (Grade 3) fetal pancreas was significantly higher in pregnant women with GDM than in pregnant women without GDM, and there was a positive correlation between pancreatic echogenicity and HbA(1c) levels in pregnant women with GDM (r=0.631, p<0.01). There was a significant relationship between pancreatic echogenicity, measurements and adverse neonatal outcomes in pregnant women with GDM, and pancreas measurements were significantly higher in pregnant women with cesarean delivery. Conclusions Fetal pancreatic echogenicity and measurements in pregnant women with GDM can give an idea about glucose regulation and adverse perinatal outcomes.
Maternal Fat Supplementation during Late Pregnancy and Lactation Influences the Development of Hepatic Steatosis in Offspring Depending on the Fat Source$$$ In this study we investigate the effects of maternal supplementation with different fat sources (margarine, olive oil, or butter) during pregnancy and lactation on offspring metabolic health in adulthood and under obesogenic conditions. In adulthood and under a high-fat (HF) diet, the margarine group showed lower body fat content than the butter group and was also protected against the increase in hepatic lipid content occurring in the other groups, whereas the butter group showed signs of more advanced hepatic steatosis. Under an HF diet, all fat-supplemented animals showed greater hepatic expression levels of fatty acid oxidation-related genes compared to their normal-fat diet counterparts, with higher levels in the margarine group. Under these conditions, the margarine group also showed higher white adipose tissue mRNA levels of adipogenic genes than the other fat-supplemented groups. Thus, compared to other fat sources, offspring from margarine-supplemented dams seem to be more protected from metabolic alterations related to the HF diet, particularly concerning hepatic fat accumulation.
CSOG MFM Committee Guideline: Clinical Management Guidelines for Acute Fatty Liver of Pregnancy in China (2021)$$$ Acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP) is a rare but critical obstetric-specific disease with a high fatality rate, posing a serious threat to the safety of mothers and infants. These guidelines were specially formulated to standardize AFLP clinical pathways and to improve maternal and infant outcomes. Based on a two-round questionnaire survey, the guideline development team identified the following nine clinical issues that clinicians were most concerned about, and developed recommendations for each of them: prenatal outpatient screening for AFLP, diagnosis, preoperative risk assessment, delivery modes and timing, anesthesia methods, perinatal complications, selecting AFLP patients for artificial liver treatment, prognostic assessment, and monitoring during treatment. The guidelines cover the key issues related to AFLP diagnosis and treatment that concern clinicians.
Gestational diabetes and maternal obesity are associated with sex-specific changes in miRNA and target gene expression in the fetus$$$ Background/objectives Pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) or maternal obesity have been linked to the development of diabetes, obesity, and fatty liver disease later in life with sex-specific manifestations. Alterations in miRNA expression in offspring exposed to GDM and maternal obesity and effects on hepatic development are unknown. Here, we describe how exposure to maternal obesityin uteroleads to sex-specific changes in miRNA and target gene expression in human fetal liver. Methods Candidate miRNA expression was measured in second trimester amniotic fluid (AF) from women with GDM. Targets of differentially expressed miRNAs were determined and pathway enrichment of target genes was performed. MiRNA and target gene expression were measured in a separate cohort of second trimester primary human fetal hepatocytes (PHFH) exposed to maternal obesity via qPCR and western blot. All studies were IRB approved. Results GDM-exposed AF had significant increases in miRNAs 199a-3p, 503-5p, and 1268a (fold change (FC) >= 1.5,p < 0.05). Female offspring-specific analysis showed enrichment in miRNAs 378a-3p, 885-5p, and 7-1-3p (p < 0.05). MiRNA gene targets were enriched in hepatic pathways. Key genes regulatingde novolipogenesis were upregulated in obesity-exposed PHFH, especially in males. Significantly altered miRNAs in GDM AF were measured in obese-exposed PHFH, with consistent increases in miRNAs 885-5p, 199-3p, 503-5p, 1268a, and 7-1-3p (FC >= 1.5,p < 0.05). Female PHFH exposed to maternal obesity had increased expression of miR-885-5p, miR-199-3p, miR-503-5p, miR-1268s, and miR-7-1-3p (p < 0.05), corresponding to decreased target genes expression forABCA1,PAK4, andINSR. In male PHFHs, no miRNA changes were measured but there was increased expression ofABCA1,PAK4, andINSR(p < 0.05). Conclusions Our data suggest sex-specific changes in miRNA and gene expression in PHFH may be one mechanism contributing to the sexual dimorphism of metabolic disease in offspring exposed to GDM and maternal obesityin utero.
Adipose stem cells-derived small extracellular vesicles transport Thrombospondin 1 cargo to promote insulin resistance in gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a highly prevalent disease and poses a significant risk to the health of pregnant women. Abdominal adipose tissue (AT) contributes to insulin resistance (IR) associated with GDM. However, the underlying mechanisms remain unclear.Methods In this study, we developed a mouse model of GDM by subjecting mice to a high-fat diet. We collected adipose-derived stem cells (ADSCs) from the abdominal and inguinal regions and examined their role in inducing IR in normal tissues through the secretion of small extracellular vesicles (sEVs). The sEVs derived from ADSCs isolated from GDM mice (ADSC/GDM) were found to inhibit cell viability and insulin sensitivity in AML12, a normal mouse liver cell line.Results Through proteomic analysis, we identified high levels of the thrombospondin 1 (Thbs1) protein in the sEVs derived from ADSC/GDM. Subsequent overexpression of Thbs1 protein in AML12 cells demonstrated similar IR as observed with ADSC/GDM-derived sEVs. Mechanistically, the Thbs1 protein within the sEVs interacted with CD36 and transforming growth factor (Tgf) beta receptors in AML12 cells, leading to the activation of Tgf beta/Smad2 signaling. Furthermore, the administration of LSKL, an antagonistic peptide targeting Thbs1, suppressed Thbs1 expression in ADSC/GDM-derived sEVs, thereby restoring insulin sensitivity in AML12 cells and GDM mice in vivo.Conclusions These findings shed light on the intercellular transmission mechanism through which ADSCs influence hepatic insulin sensitivity and underscore the therapeutic potential of targeting the Thbs1 protein within sEVs.
Gestational Exercise Antagonises the Impact of Maternal High-Fat High-Sucrose Diet on Liver Mitochondrial Alterations and Quality Control Signalling in Male Offspring$$$ Maternal high-caloric nutrition and related gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are relevant modulators of the intrauterine environment, increasing the risk of liver metabolic alterations in mothers and offspring. In contrast, as a non-pharmacological approach against metabolic disorders, exercise is highly recommended in GDM treatment. We analysed whether gestational exercise (GE) protects mothers from diet-induced GDM metabolic consequences and mitigates liver mitochondrial deleterious alterations in their 6-week-old male offspring. Female Sprague Dawley rats were fed with control or high-fat high-sucrose (HFHS) diet and kept sedentary or submitted to GE. Male offspring were sedentary and fed with control diet. Sedentary HFHS mothers and their offspring showed impaired hepatic mitochondrial biogenesis and morphological evidence of mitochondrial remodelling. In contrast, GE-related beneficial effects were demonstrated by upregulation of mitochondrial biogenesis signalling markers and mitochondrial fusion proteins and downregulation of mitochondrial fission protein. Alterations in miR-34a, miR-130b, and miR-494, associated with epigenetic regulation of mitochondrial biogenesis, suggested that GE is a more critical modulator of intergenerational changes in miRs expression than the maternal diet. Our data showed that GE positively modulated the altered hepatic mitochondrial biogenesis and dynamics markers and quality control signalling associated with maternal HFHS-diet-related GDM in mothers and offspring.
Modulation of lipid metabolism by <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in gestational diabetic rats and their macrosomic offspring$$$ The time course of changes in lipid metabolism by dietary n-3 PUFAs (polyunsaturated fatty acids) in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats during pregnancy (days 12 and 21) and their macrosomic offspring at birth (day 0) and through adulthood (days 60 and 90) was studied with respect to adipose tissue, liver and serum lipid concentrations, and fatty acid composition. Glucose and insulin levels were also assessed in order to characterize the diabetic state of macrosomic offspring. Pregnant diabetic and control rats were fed either an Isio-4 or EPAX diet (enriched with n - 3 PUFA). The same diets were also consumed by pups at weaning. Compared with control rats, during pregnancy diabetic rats had a significant elevation in liver and serum triacylglycerol (triglyceride) and cholesterol concentrations. At birth, macrosomic pups had higher serum insulin and glucose levels than control pups. The macrosomic rats maintained accelerated postnatal growth combined with high adipose tissue weight and lipid content through the first 12 weeks of age. The macrosomic pups from diabetic rats fed the Isio-4 diet also showed a significant enhancement in liver and serum triacylglycerol and cholesterol levels at birth and during adulthood. Feeding the EPAX diet to diabetic mothers as well as their macrosomic pups increased serum and liver levels of EPA (eicospentaenoic acid) and DHA (docosahexaenoic acid) with a reduction in arachidonic acid. The EPAX diet induced a significant decrease in liver and serum triacylglycerol and cholesterol concentrations in mothers during pregnancy and in their macrosomic pups during adulthood. Since the EPAX diet improves lipid anomalies considerably in diabetic mothers and their macrosomic offspring, it may prevent long-term metabolic abnormalities associated with macrosomia.
Increased maternal fat consumption during pregnancy alters body composition in neonatal mice$$$ Krasnow SM, Nguyen MT, Marks DL. Increased maternal fat consumption during pregnancy alters body composition in neonatal mice. Am J Physiol Endocrinol Metab 301: E1243-E1253, 2011. First published September 6, 2011; doi: 10.1152/ajpendo.00261.2011.Maternal overnutrition prior to and during gestation causes pronounced metabolic dysfunction in the adult offspring. However, less is known about metabolic adaptations in the offspring that occur independently of postnatal growth and nutrition. Therefore, we evaluated the impact of excess maternal dietary lipid intake on the in utero programming of body composition, hepatic function, and hypothalamic development in newborn (P0) offspring. Female mice were fed a low-fat (LF) or high-fat (HF) diet and were mated after 4, 12, and 23 wk. A subset of the obese HF dams was switched to the LF diet during the second (DR2) or third (DR3) pregnancies. The HF offspring accrued more fat mass than the LF pups, regardless of duration of maternal HF diet consumption or prepregnancy maternal adiposity. Increased neonatal adiposity was not observed in the DR3 pups. Liver weights were reduced in the HF offspring but not in the DR2 or DR3 pups. Offspring hepatic triglyceride content was reduced in the HF pups, but hepatic inflammation and expression of lipid metabolism genes were largely unaffected by maternal diet. Maternal diet did not alter the hypothalamic expression of orexigenic and anorexigenic neuropeptides in the offspring. Thus, the intrauterine programming of increased neonatal adiposity and reduced liver size by maternal overnutrition is evident in mice at birth and occurs prior to the development of maternal obesity. These observations demonstrate that dietary intervention during pregnancy minimizes the deleterious effects of maternal obesity on offspring body composition, potentially reducing the offsprings' risk of developing obesity and related diseases later in life.
Prevention of adverse metabolic sequelae after intrauterine growth restriction$$$ Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR; also referred to fetal growth retardation) occurs in about 5-8% of all pregnancies and is often caused by insufficient intrauterine supply. The diagnosis is not made based on birth weight, but on serial ultrasound measurements documenting that intrauterine growth is shifting downward and crossing percentiles for gestational age. Since IUGR increases the risk for the development of certain metabolic and nonmetabolic diseases, the diagnosis of IUGR should not only be communicated between obstetricians and neonatologists, but pediatric, general medicine and internal medicine colleagues treating the patient should also be informed. Whether the elevated risk develops into manifest disease depends on numerous internal and external factors during life. During certain windows of development like the early postnatal period, individual adaption to environmental factors (e.g., duration of breastfeeding, nutrient composition of early diet) can help to prevent secondary disease throughout the lifespan. The present review highlights etiology, diagnostic work-up, and management of IUGR. In addition, we present epidemiological and experimental research which illustrates the association between IUGR and later metabolic disease. Furthermore, we discuss preconceptional and prenatal strategies to prevent IUGR and outline approaches for postnatal strategies to prevent metabolic disease after IUGR.
Fetal Overnutrition and Adolescent Hepatic Fat Fraction: The Exploring Perinatal Outcomes in Children Study$$$ Objective To determine if fetal overnutrition resulting from maternal obesity or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased liver fat during adolescence, adjusting for past and current metabolic risk factors. Study design Data come from a historical prospective cohort study (Exploring Perinatal Outcomes in Children) of 254 mother-child pairs in Colorado who participated in 2 research visits at T1 (mean age 10.4, SD = 1.5 years) and at T2 (mean age 16.4, SD = 1.5 years), and had complete exposure and outcome data. Multiple linear regression was used to evaluate the effects of pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and GDM on hepatic fat fraction (HFF) by magnetic resonance imaging at T2. Results Maternal pre-pregnancy obesity (BMI 30+) was significantly associated (beta = 1.59, CI = 0.66, 2.52) with increased HFF relative to mothers with normal pre-pregnancy weight (BMI <25) independent of maternal GDM and sociodemographic factors. Moreover, this association was independent of T2 and T1 metabolic risk factors (acanthosis nigricans, BMI, fasting glucose) (beta = 1.03, CI = 0.10, 1.97). Prenatal GDM exposure was not associated with HFF in either unadjusted or adjusted models. Conclusions Maternal pre-pregnancy obesity was associated with increased HFF in offspring independent of childhood and adolescent adiposity. Intervention studies are needed to test the hypothesis that maternal obesity is a modifiable risk factor for childhood fatty liver disease.
Early life factors and their relevance for markers of cardiometabolic risk in early adulthood$$$ Background and aims: Early life exposures could be pertinent risk factors of cardiometabolic diseases in adulthood. We assessed the prospective associations of early life factors with markers of cardiometabolic risk among healthy German adults. Methods and results: We examined 348 term-born DONALD Study participants with measurement of fasting blood at the age of 18-24 years to assess metabolic indices: fatty liver index (FLI), hepatic steatosis index (HSI), pro-inflammatory score and insulin sensitivity (HOMA2-%S). Early life factors (maternal weight in early pregnancy, maternal early pregnancy BMI, gestational weight gain (GWG), maternal age, birth weight and full breastfeeding (>17 weeks)) were assessed at enrolment of the offspring into the study. Multivariable linear regression models were used to analyze associations between early life factors and markers of cardiometabolic risk in early adulthood with adjustment for potential confounders. A higher early pregnancy BMI was related to notably higher levels of offspring FLI, HSI, proinflammatory score and a lower HOMA2-%S (all p < 0.0001). Similarly, a higher gestational weight gain was associated with a higher FLI (p = 0.044), HSI (p = 0.016), pro-inflammatory score (p = 0.032) and a lower HOMA2-%S among females (p = 0.034). Full breastfeeding was associated with a lower adult FLI (p = 0.037). A casual mediation analysis showed that these associations were mediated by offspring adult waist circumference (WC). Conclusion: This study suggests that early pregnancy BMI, gestational weight gain, and full breastfeeding are relevant for offspring markers of cardiometabolic risk which seems to be mediated by body composition in young adulthood. (c)& nbsp;2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Undernutrition during pregnancy in mice leads to dysfunctional cardiac muscle respiration in adult offspring$$$ Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is associated with an increased risk of developing obesity, insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease. However, its effect on energetics in heart remains unknown. In the present study, we examined respiration in cardiac muscle and liver from adult mice that were undernourished in utero. We report that in utero undernutrition is associated with impaired cardiac muscle energetics, including decreased fatty acid oxidative capacity, decreased maximum oxidative phosphorylation rate and decreased proton leak respiration. No differences in oxidative characteristics were detected in liver. We also measured plasma acylcarnitine levels and found that short-chain acylcarnitines are increased with in utero undernutrition. Results reveal the negative impact of suboptimal maternal nutrition on adult offspring cardiac energy metabolism, which may have life-long implications for cardiovascular function and disease risk.
Serum Afamin a Novel Marker of Increased Hepatic Lipid Content$$$ Aim Afamin is a liver-produced glycoprotein, a potential early marker of metabolic syndrome. Here we investigated regulation of afamin in a course of the metabolic disease development and in response to 3-month exercise intervention. Methods We measured whole-body insulin sensitivity (euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp), glucose tolerance, abdominal adiposity, hepatic lipid content (magnetic resonance imaging/spectroscopy), habitual physical activity (accelerometers) and serum afamin (enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay) in 71 middle-aged men with obesity, prediabetes and newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes. Effects of 3-month exercise were investigated in 22 overweight-to-obese middle-aged individuals (16M/6F). Results Prediabetes and type 2 diabetes, but not obesity, were associated with increased serum afamin (p<0.001). Afamin correlated positively with hepatic lipids, fatty liver index and liver damage markers; with parameters of adiposity (waist circumference, %body fat, adipocyte diameter) and insulin resistance (fasting insulin, C-peptide, HOMA-IR; p<0.001 all). Moreover, afamin negatively correlated with whole-body insulin sensitivity (M-value/Insulin, p<0.001). Hepatic lipids and fasting insulinemia were the most important predictors of serum afamin, explaining >63% of its variability. Exercise-related changes in afamin were paralleled by reciprocal changes in insulinemia, insulin resistance and visceral adiposity. No significant change in hepatic lipid content was observed. Conclusions Subjects with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes had the highest serum afamin levels. Afamin was more tightly related to hepatic lipid accumulation, liver damage and insulin resistance than to obesity.
Early PQQ supplementation has persistent long-term protective effects on developmental programming of hepatic lipotoxicity and inflammation in obese mice$$$ Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is widespread in adults and children. Early exposure to maternal obesity or Western-style diet (WD) increases steatosis and oxidative stress in fetal liver and is associated with lifetime disease risk in the offspring. Pyrroloquinoline quinone (PQQ) is a natural antioxidant found in soil, enriched in human breast milk, and essential for development in mammals. We investigated whether a supplemental dose of PQQ, provided prenatally in amousemodel of diet-induced obesity during pregnancy, could protect obese offspring from progression of NAFLD. PQQ treatment given pre-and postnatally in WD-fed offspring had no effect on weight gain but increased metabolic flexibility while reducing body fat and liver lipids, compared with untreated obese offspring. Indices of NAFLD, including hepatic ceramide levels, oxidative stress, and expression of proinflammatory genes (Nos2, Nlrp3, Il6, and Ptgs2), were decreased in WD PQQ-fed mice, concomitant with increased expression of fatty acid oxidation genes and decreased Pparg expression. Notably, these changes persisted even after PQQ withdrawal at weaning. Our results suggest that supplementation with PQQ, particularly during pregnancy and lactation, protects offspring from WD-induced developmental programming of hepatic lipotoxicity and may help slow the advancing epidemic of NAFLD in the next generation.-Jonscher, K. R., Stewart, M. S., Alfonso-Garcia, A., DeFelice, B. C., Wang, X. X., Luo, Y., Levi, M., Heerwagen, M. J. R., Janssen, R. C., de laHoussaye, B. A., Wiitala, E., Florey, G., Jonscher, R. L., Potma, E. O., Fiehn, O. Friedman, J. E. Early PQQ supplementation has persistent long-termprotective effects on developmental programming of hepatic lipotoxicity and inflammation in obese mice. FASEB J. 31, 1434-1448 (2017). www.fasebj.org
Pregnancy-associated diabetes insipidus in Japan-a review based on quoting from the literatures reported during the period from 1982 to 2019$$$ This Review Article overviews the literature on diabetes insipidus (DI) associated with pregnancy and labor in Japan published from 1982 to 2019. The total number of patients collected was 361, however, only one-third of these cases had detailed pathophysiologic information enabling us to identify the respective etiology and subtype. Pregnancy associated DI can be divided into 3 etiologies, central (neurogenic) DI, nephrogenic DI, and excess vasopressinaseassociated DI. Neurogenic DI has various causes: for example, DI associated with tumoral lesions in the pituitary and neighboring area, DI associated with Sheehan?s syndrome and/or pituitary apoplexy, and DI associated with lymphocytic infundibuloneurohypophysitis (LINH, stalkitis). Nephrogenic DI results from defective response of the kidney to normal levels of vasopressin. However, the most interesting causal factor of pregnancy-associated DI is excess vasopressinase, caused either by excess production of vasopressinase by the placenta or defective clearance of vasopressinase by the liver. Hepatic complications resulting in pregnancy-associated DI include acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP) and HELLP syndrome (syndrome of hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelets), as well as pre-existing or co-incidental hepatic diseases. A possible role of glucose uptake in putative stress-induced DI and the importance of correct diagnosis and treatment of pregnancy-associated DI, including use of 1-deamino 8-D arginine vasopressin, are also discussed.
DLK1/PREF1 regulates nutrient metabolism and protects from steatosis$$$ Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with insulin resistance and obesity, as well as progressive liver dysfunction. Recent animal studies have underscored the importance of hepatic growth hormone (GH) signaling in the development of NAFLD. The imprinted Delta-like homolog 1 (Dlk1)/preadipocyte factor 1 (Pref1) gene encodes a complex protein producing both circulating and membrane-tethered isoforms whose expression dosage is functionally important because even modest elevation during embryogenesis causes lethality. DLK1 is up-regulated during embryogenesis, during suckling, and in the mother during pregnancy. We investigated the normal role for elevated DLK1 dosage by overexpressing Dlk1 from endogenous control elements. This increased DLK1 dosage caused improved glucose tolerance with no primary defect in adipose tissue expansion even under extreme metabolic stress. Rather, Dlk1 overexpression caused reduced fat stores, pituitary insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1) resistance, and a defect in feedback regulation of GH. Increased circulatory GH culminated in a switch in whole body fuel metabolism and a reduction in hepatic steatosis. We propose that the function of DLK1 is to shift the metabolic mode of the organism toward peripheral lipid oxidation and away from lipid storage, thus mediating important physiological adaptations associated with early life and with implications for metabolic disease resistance.
The effects of exposure to and timing of a choline-deficient diet during pregnancy and early postnatal life on the skeletal muscle transcriptome of the offspring$$$ Background & aims: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is related to muscle loss, but the precise mechanism underlying this association remains unclear. The aim of the present study was thus to determine the influence of maternal fatty liver and dietary choline deficiency during pregnancy and/or lactation periods on the skeletal muscle gene expression profile among 24-day-old male rat offspring. Methods: Histological examination of skeletal muscle tissue specimens obtained from offspring of dams suffering from fatty liver, provided with proper choline intake during pregnancy and lactation (NN), fed a choline-deficient diet during both periods (DD), deprived of choline only during pregnancy (DN), or only during lactation (ND), was performed. The global transcriptome pattern was assessed using a microarray approach (Affymetrix (R) Rat Gene 2.1 ST Array Strip). The relative expression of selected genes was validated by real-time PCR (qPCR). Results: Morphological differences in fat accumulation in skeletal muscle related to choline supply were observed. The global gene expression profile was consistent with abnormal morphological changes. Mettl21c gene was overexpressed in all choline-deficient groups compared to the NN group, while two genes, Cdkn1a and S100a4, were downregulated. Processes of protein biosynthesis were upregulated, and processes related to cell proliferation and lipid metabolism were inhibited in DD, DN, and ND groups compared to the NN group. Conclusions: Prenatal and early postnatal exposure to fatty liver and dietary choline deficiency leads to changes in the transcriptome profile in skeletal muscle of 24-day old male rat offspring and is associated with muscle damage, but the mechanism of it seems to be different at different developmental stages of life. Adequate choline intake during pregnancy and lactation can prevent severe muscle disturbance in the progeny of females suffering from fatty liver. (c) 2024 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Maternal obesity alters endoplasmic reticulum homeostasis in offspring pancreas$$$ The prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty pancreas disease (NAFPD) is increasing in parallel with obesity rates. Stress-related alterations in endoplasmic reticulum (ER), such as the unfolded protein response (UPR), are associated with obesity. The aim of this study was to investigate ER imbalance in the pancreas of a mice model of adult and perinatal diet-induced obesity. Twenty female C57BL/6J mice were assigned to control (Con) or obesogenic (Ob) diets prior to and during pregnancy and lactation. Their offspring were weaned onto Con or Ob diets up to 6 months post-partum. Then, after sacrifice, plasma biochemical analyses, gene expression, and protein concentrations were measured in pancreata. Offspring of Ob-fed mice had significantly increased body weight (p < 0.001) and plasma leptin (p < 0.001) and decreased insulin (p < 0.01) levels. Maternal obesogenic diet decreased the total and phosphorylated Eif2 alpha and increased spliced X-box binding protein 1 (XBP1). Pancreatic gene expression of downstream regulators of UPR (EDEM, homocysteine-responsive endoplasmic reticulum-resident (HERP), activating transcription factor 4 (ATF4), and C/EBP homologous protein (CHOP)) and autophagy-related proteins (LC3BI/LC3BII) were differently disrupted by obesogenic feeding in both mothers and offspring (from p < 0.1 to p < 0.001). Maternal obesity and Ob feeding in their offspring alter UPR in NAFPD, with involvement of proapoptotic and autophagy-related markers. Upstream and downstream regulators of PERK, IRE1 alpha, and ATF6 pathways were affected differently following the obesogenic insults.
A High Fat Diet During Pregnancy and Lactation Induces Cardiac and Renal Abnormalities in GLUT4+/- Male Mice$$$ Background/Aims: Altered nutrients during the in utero (IU) and/or lactation (L) period predispose offspring to cardio-renal diseases in adulthood. This study investigates the effect of a high fat diet (HFD) fed to female mice during IU/L on gene expression patterns associated with heart and kidney failure and hypertension in male offspring. Methods: Female wild type (WT) mice were fed either a HFD or control chow (C) prior to mating with males with a genetic heterozygous deletion of GLUT4 (G4+/-, a model of peripheral insulin resistance and hypertension) and throughout IU/L. After weaning male offspring were placed on a standard rodent chow until 24 weeks of age. Results: All offspring exposed to a maternal HFD showed increased heart and kidney weight and reduced cardiac insulin responsiveness. G4+/- offspring on a HFD displayed early hypertension associated with increased renal gene expression of renin and the AT(1)- receptors compared to G4+/- on a C diet. This group showed decreased cardiac expression of key genes involved in fatty acid oxidation compared to WT on a C diet. Conclusions: These results indicate an interaction between a HFD diet and genotype during early life development that can enhance susceptibility to cardio-renal diseases later in life. (C) 2017 The Author(s) Published by S. Karger AG, Basel
THE GENETICS AND PATHOPHYSIOLOGY OF TYPE-II AND GESTATIONAL DIABETES$$$ The development of both type II diabetes and gestational diabetes is probably governed by a complex and variable interaction of genes and environment. Molecular genetics has so far failed to identify discrete gene mutations accounting for metabolic changes in NIDDM. Both beta cell dysfunction and insulin resistance are operative in the manifestation of these disorders. Specific and sensitive immunoradiometric assays found fasting hyperproinsulinemia and first-phase hypoinsulinemia early in the natural history of the disorder. A lack of specificity of early radioimmunoassays for insulin resulted in measuring not only insulin but also proinsulins, leading to overestimation of insulin and misleading conclusions about its role in diabetes. The major causes of insulin resistance are the genetic deficiency of glycogen synthase activation, compounded by additional defects due to metabolic disorders, receptor downregulation, and glucose transporter abnormalities, all contributing to the impairment in muscle glucose uptake. The liver is also resistant to insulin in NIDDM, reflected in persistent hepatic glucose production despite hyperglycemia. Insulin resistance is present in many nondiabetics, but in itself is insufficient to cause type II diabetes. Gestational diabetes is closely related to NIDDM, and the combination of insulin resistance and impaired insulin secretion is of importance in its pathogenesis.
Association of Maternal Dietary Components During Pregnancy and/or Lactation with Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus$$$ Context: Considering the increasing trend in the incidence of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), the identification of its environmental determinants, especially those related to the prenatal and lactation period, might ultimately result in primary prevention of the disease. We aimed to review the evidence of the association between mothers' dietary components during pregnancy and/or lactation with T1DM. Evidence Acquisition: An electronic and comprehensive literature search was performed until August 2019 in the international databases, including Web of Science (ISI), PubMed, and Scopus, using the following keywords: type 1 diabetes mellitus, autoimmunity, mother, maternal, diet and lactation in different combinations. Papers related to the objectives of the study were selected. Results: Based on our review, the maternal consumption of meat, especially processed meat, was associated with increased risk of T1DM, whereas the maternal use of vegetables, potato, low-fat margarine, and berries showed protective effects against the development of T1DM in offspring. There was no significant association between the use of multivitamins and mineral supplements with T1DM, according to the available data. The results of the reviewed studies regarding the association between the maternal use of vitamin D, fatty acids, and coffee during pregnancy with T1DM were not consistent and conclusive. Conclusions: Findings of this review indicate that the maternal consumption of some foods is associated with increased or decreased risk of T1DM. However, for some foods or dietary components, including coffee, vitamin D, and fatty acids, the results are not conclusive. We conclude that although maternal diet could influence the development of insulin autoantibodies (IA) and T1DM in offspring, there is no sufficient evidence for most nutrients, and available data are controversial, which should be dealt with in future cohort or interventional studies.
Metformin in gestational diabetes: the offspring follow-up (MiG TOFU): body composition and metabolic outcomes at 7-9 years of age$$$ Objective To compare body composition and metabolic outcomes at 7-9 years in offspring of women with gestational diabetes (GDM) randomized to metformin (+/- insulin) or insulin treatment during pregnancy. Research design and methods Children were assessed at 7 years in Adelaide (n=109/181) and 9 years in Auckland (n=99/396) by anthropometry, bioimpedance analysis (BIA), dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) (n=92/99) and fasting bloods (n=82/99). Results In the Adelaide subgroup, mothers were similar at enrollment. Women randomized to metformin versus insulin had higher treatment glycemia (p=0.002) and more infants with birth weight >90th percentile (20.7% vs 5.9%; p=0.029). At 7 years, there were no differences in offspring measures. In Auckland, at enrollment, women randomized to metformin had a higher body mass index (BMI) (p=0.08) but gained less weight during treatment (p=0.07). Offspring birth measures were similar. At 9 years, metformin offspring were larger by measures of weight, arm and waist circumferences, waist: height (p<0.05); BMI, triceps skinfold (p=0.05); DXA fat mass and lean mass (p=0.07); MRI abdominal fat volume (p=0.051). Body fat percent was similar between treatment groups by DXA and BIA. Abdominal fat percentages (visceral adipose tissue, subcutaneous adipose tissue and liver) were similar by MRI. Fasting glucose, triglyceride, insulin, insulin resistance, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), cholesterol, liver transaminases, leptin and adiponectin were similar. Conclusions Metformin or insulin for GDM was associated with similar offspring total and abdominal body fat percent and metabolic measures at 7-9 years. Metformin-exposed children were larger at 9 years. Metformin may interact with fetal environmental factors to influence offspring outcomes.
Hepatic fat and abdominal adiposity in early pregnancy together predict impaired glucose homeostasis in mid-pregnancy$$$ Hepatic fat and abdominal adiposity individually reflect insulin resistance, but their combined effect on glucose homeostasis in mid-pregnancy is unknown. A cohort of 476 pregnant women prospectively underwent sonographic assessment of hepatic fat and visceral (VAT) and total (TAT) adipose tissue at 11-14 weeks' gestation. Logistic regression was used to assess the relation between the presence of maternal hepatic fat and/or the upper quartile (Q) of either VAT or TAT and the odds of developing the composite outcome of impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or gestational diabetes mellitus at 24-28 weeks' gestation, based on a 75 g OGTT. Upon adjusting for maternal age, ethnicity, family history of DM and body mass index (BMI), the co-presence of hepatic fat and quartile 4 (Q4) of VAT (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 6.5, 95% CI: 2.3-18.5) or hepatic fat and Q4 of TAT (aOR 7.8 95% CI 2.8-21.7) were each associated with the composite outcome, relative to women with neither sonographic feature. First-trimester sonographic evidence of maternal hepatic fat and abdominal adiposity may independently predict the development of impaired glucose homeostasis and GDM in mid-pregnancy.
Metformin, the Aspirin of the 21st Century: Its Role in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Prevention of Preeclampsia and Cancer, and the Promotion of Longevity$$$ Metformin (dimethylbiguanide hydrochloride) was initially introduced as an antidiabetic agent; however, in recent years, it has shown a wide array of beneficial effects ranging from cancer therapy to extending longevity. As a gestational antidiabetic agent, metformin has compared favorably to insulin by showing a significantly reduced frequency of neonatal hyperglycemia, large-for-gestational-age neonates, and admissions to a neonatal intensive care unit compared with those treated with insulin. Metformin is also known to have therapeutic properties against polycystic ovary syndrome, congestive heart failure, chronic liver and kidney disease, multiple sclerosis, renal tubulointerstitial fibrosis, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Recent studies also reveal metformin to be effective in treating and preventing preeclampsia. This article discusses the history of metformin and analyzes its mechanism of action in a variety of processes. The literature reviewed shows 2 primary mechanisms: suppression of intracellular metabolic activity of mitochondria and the cellular nutrient-sensing system mediated by mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR). This article reviews the results of metaanalyses on the role of metformin in preventing gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), as well as in treating obese, nondiabetic pregnant women to prevent preeclampsia. One randomized controlled clinical trial showed that although metformin did not reduce the frequency of large-for-gestational-age neonates, it significantly reduced the frequency of preeclampsia and also contributed toward reduction in maternal weight gain. One study cited showed that metformin reduced the production of sFlt-1 and soluble endoglin by endothelial cells, villous trophoblast, and villous explants. The administration of sFlt-1 or soluble endoglin to animals produces changes characteristic of preeclampsia, and this report suggested that metformin regulates these antiangiogenic factors at the mitochondrial level. Metformin could also prevent preeclampsia by modifying the cellular nutrient-sensing system utilized by the placenta. This system is mediated by mTOR and involves the mechanistic target rapamycin, an mTOR inhibitor. The activation of mTOR is positively correlated with first-trimester maternal body mass index, which links maternal overnutrition and placental nutrient sensing. In addition, down-regulation of mTOR in the placenta has been seen in small-for-gestational-age fetuses. It is unclear whether this is the effect of a primary defect in the sensing mechanism or an adaptive response. Metaanalyses studying the teratogenic effect of metformin on embryonic growth showed that metformin did not increase the risk of congenital malformations and fetal or neonatal complications, indicating the safety of metformin use during pregnancy. Although studies have shown that metformin targets several age-related pathways, the mechanism by which it prolongs life are still unclear. Although showing promising results in many arenas, further research is required to elucidate the mechanism of action of metformin.
Circulating Levels of C1q/TNF-Related Protein 3 (CTRP3) and CTRP9 in Gestational Diabetes and Their Association with Insulin Resistance and Inflammatory Cytokines$$$ Objective Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is closely related to obesity, adipose tissue, and adipokines. Adiponectin-homologous adipokines with anti-inflammatory properties, including C1q/TNF-related protein 3 (CTRP3) and CTRP9, regulate glucose and lipid metabolism, which was measured in pregnant women with GDM with the aim to assess their circulating levels and their relation with inflammatory cytokines and other biochemical data. Methods Serum levels of CTRP3, CTRP9, adiponectin, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, and interleukin (IL)-6 were measured in 43 subjects with GDM and 42 healthy controls by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Results Serum levels of adiponectin and CTRP3 were lower in GDM subjects than in controls, whereas CTRP9, TNF-alpha, and IL-6 showed higher concentrations in subjects with GDM than in controls. In the subjects with GDM, there was a significant association of CTRP3 with homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), body mass index, and triglycerides, whereas CTRP9 is associated with TNF-alpha and HOMA-IR. Conclusion The differences in the assessed levels of CTRP3 and CTRP9 suggest a possible relation with the pathogenesis of GDM, in particular insulin resistance, which showed significant association with both adipokines.
The effects of vitamin D3 on lipogenesis in the liver and adipose tissue of pregnant rats$$$ Obesity is a worldwide individual and public health issue, and contributes to the development of numerous chronic diseases. In particular, maternal obesity has harmful effects on both the mother and child during and after pregnancy. The digestion and metabolism of food are controlled by endocrine factors, including insulin, glucagon and estrogen. These hormonal factors are differentially regulated during pregnancy due to the specialized hormonal environment during this period. In the present study, we examined the effects of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 (VD3), an active hormonal form of nutritional vitamin D3, on lipid metabolism in pregnant rats. The body weight of rats treated with VD3 was significantly reduced compared to that of the rats in the control group. In addition, histological analysis demonstrated that the amount of fat stored in adipocytes was reduced by treatment with VD3. To determine the role of VD3 in lipid metabolism, the expression levels of lipid metabolism-associated genes were measured in the rat adipose tissue and liver. VD3 negatively regulated the expression of various lipogenic genes, including fatty acid synthase (FAS), stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD1) and acetyl-CoA carboxylase 1 (ACC1), in both the adipose tissue and liver. However, the regulators of lipogenic enzymes such as, sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c (SREBP-1c), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma (PPAR-gamma) and insulin-induced gene 2 (INSIG2) were differentially regulated by VD3 in a tissue-specific manner. On the whole, these findings suggest that VD3 regulates lipid metabolism and deposition in the liver and adipose tissue, and thereby reduces fat in pregnant animals, as well as body weight. Our results suggest that the alteration of lipogenesis through the administration of VD3 may help to reduce excessive weight gain during pregnancy and prevent obesity-related pregnancy complications such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, hypertension and issues with labor.
The coagulopathy of acute liver failure and implications for intracranial pressure monitoring$$$ Introduction The development of coagulopathy in acute liver failure (ALF) is universal. The severity of the coagulopathy is often assessed by determination of the prothrombin time and International Normalized Ratio (INR). Discussion In more than 1,000 ALF cases, the severity of the coagulopathy was moderate in 81% (INR 1.5-5.0), severe in 14% (INR 5.0-10.0), and very severe in 5% (INR > 10.0). Certain etiologies were associated with more severe coagulopathy, whereas ALF caused by fatty liver of pregnancy had the least severe coagulopathy. Methods Management consisted of transfusions of FFP in 92%. Overall, FFP administered during the first week of admission amounted to 13.7 +/- 15 units. Results Patients who received an ICP monitor had significantly more FFP transfused than those managed without ICP monitor (22.7 +/- 2.4 vs. 12.3 +/- 0.8 units FFP; P < 0.001). Only a minority of patients developed gastrointestinal bleeding or had an intracranial pressure monitor installed. Conclusion Further research is necessary to explore the reasons clinicians transfuse ALF patients with large amounts of FFP in the absence of active bleeding or invasive procedures.
Sucrose-rich feeding during rat pregnancy-lactation and/or after weaning alters glucose and lipid metabolism in adult offspring$$$ Adverse fetal and early life environments predispose to the development of metabolic disorders in adulthood. The present study examined whether offspring of normal Wistar dams fed a high-sucrose diet (SRD) developed impaired lipid and glucose homeostasis when fed a control diet (CD) after weaning. In addition, we investigated whether there were more pronounced derangements in lipid and glucose homeostasis when offspring of SRD-fed Wistar were fed an SRD after weaning compared with those in offspring of CD-fed dams weaned on an SRD. During pregnancy and lactation, female rats were fed either an SRD or CD. After weaning, half the male offspring from both groups were fed a CD or SRD, up to 100days of age (CD-CD, CD-SRD, SRD-SRD and SRD-CD groups). Final bodyweight was similar between all groups, although offspring of SRD-fed dams had lighter bodyweight at birth. Plasma lipid and glucose levels were significantly higher (P<0.05) without changes in insulin levels in the CD-SRD, SRD-SRD and SRD-CD groups compared with the CD-CD group. Dyslipidaemia in the CD-SRD and SRD-SRD groups resulted from increased secretion of very low-density lipoprotein triacylglycerol, as well as decreased triacylglycerol (TAG) clearance that was associated with increased liver TAG content (P<0.05) compared with the CD-CD group. The hypertriglyceridaemia observed in the SRD-CD group was mostly associated with decreased TAG clearance. Altered glucose and insulin tolerance were observed when the SRD was fed during any period of life. These data support the hypothesis that early life exposure to SRD is associated with changes in lipid and glucose metabolism, leading to an unfavourable profile in adulthood, regardless of whether offspring consumed an SRD after weaning.
Progenies of gestational diabetes mellitus exhibit sex disparity in metabolism after respective therapies of insulin, glibenclamide, and metformin in dams during pregnancy$$$ Background The aim of this study was to compare the sex-dependent intergenerational effects of insulin, glibenclamide, and metformin on glucose and lipid metabolism in the offspring born to GDM mice. Methods The murine GDM was induced by high fat diet. The offspring were grouped based on the treatments in maternal mice. ITT and GTT were performed at 4th and 8th weeks of age, respectively. Serum levels of TC, TG, HDL-C, and LDL-C plus hepatic levels of TG and TC, were respectively determined by enzymatic kits. Western blotting was conducted to detect related proteins in the livers from offspring. Results The dyslipidaemia, hepatic lipid abnormality, and insulin insensitivity caused by GDM were persistently normalised in male adult offspring by the respective therapies of insulin, glibenclamide, and metformin during maternal pregnancy. Specifically, the decreases in plasma TC, TG, and LDL-C levels (29%, 37.8%, and 57.7%, respectively, p < .05) and in hepatic lipid contents (TC 31.3% and TG 39.2%, p < .05), the increases in hepatic phosphorylation levels of AKT, CPT1A, PPAR-alpha, and PPAR-gamma (57.1%, 91.7%, 68%, and 173.3%, respectively, p < .05) and the inhibition of G6Pase, PEPCK, and HMGCS1 (35.7%, 68.8%, and 77.3% respectively, p < .05) were still observed in the male offspring born to treated GDM mice from 4th to 8th week of age. Unexpectedly, the aforementioned parameters in female progenies in different groups were not significantly changed compared with controls. Conclusions Respective treatments in GDM mice during pregnancy with insulin, glibenclamide, and metformin have the long-term persistent effects in male offspring, while female progenies born to untreated dams showed an autonomous inhibition of intergenerational relay of glucose and lipid dysregulation. Our current findings may imply a sex-dependent strategy of medical care for GDM mothers and their offspring.Novelties Respective interventions of insulin, glibenclamide, and metformin on dams exerted the persisted effects on male progenies. Therapies of three drugs on dams had the similarly improved effects in offspring. Female offspring autonomously corrected their dysregulated glucose-lipid metabolism caused by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in dams.
Programming Effects of Prenatal Glucocorticoid Exposure with a Postnatal High-Fat Diet in Diabetes Mellitus$$$ Increasing evidence has shown that many chronic diseases originate from early life, even before birth, through what are termed as fetal programming effects. Glucocorticoids are frequently used prenatally to accelerate the maturation of the lungs of premature infants. High-fat diets are associated with insulin resistance, but the effects of prenatal glucocorticoid exposure plus a postnatal high-fat diet in diabetes mellitus remain unclear. We administered pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats' intraperitoneal dexamethasone (0.1 mg/kg body weight) or vehicle at gestational days 14-20. Male offspring were administered a normal or high-fat diet starting from weaning. We assessed the effects of prenatal steroid exposure plus postnatal high-fat diet on the liver, pancreas, muscle and fat at postnatal day 120. At 15 and 30 min, sugar levels were higher in the dexamethasone plus high-fat diet (DHF) group than the vehicle plus high-fat diet (VHF) group in the intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test (IPGTT). Serum insulin levels at 15, 30 and 60 min were significantly higher in the VHF group than in the vehicle and normal diet group. Liver insulin receptor and adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase mRNA expressions and protein levels were lower in the DHF group. Insulin receptor and insulin receptor substrate-1 mRNA expressions were lower in the epididymal adipose tissue in the VHF and DHF groups. "Programming" of liver or epididymal adipose tissue resulted from prenatal events. Prenatal steroid exposure worsened insulin resistance in animals fed a high-fat diet.
Decreased expression of GLUT4 in male CG-IUGR rats may play a vital role in their increased susceptibility to diabetes mellitus in adulthood$$$ Rats with intrauterine growth retardation and catch-up growth (CG-IUGR) after birth show increased susceptibility to diabetes mellitus in adulthood. The expression of glucose transporter type 4 (GLUT4) decreases in female IUGR offspring rats with seminutrient restriction during pregnancy. However, the male CG-IUGR rats also display an increased susceptibility to diabetes mellitus in adulthood. Whether there is another factor, besides GLUT4, in male CG-IUGR rat that mediates their susceptibility to diabetes mellitus? The male IUGR rats with catch-up growth were selected as the research objects. CG-IUGR rats had an increased fasting blood glucose level, and increased serum total cholesterol, triglyceride and free fatty acid levels. Glucose tolerance test and insulin tolerance test showed higher glucose levels and much higher insulin levels after a glucose load in CG-IUGR. The mRNA and protein expressions of IRS-2 in liver tissue, and IRS-1 and GLUT4 in skeletal muscle in CG-IUGR rats were down-regulated, but only the GLUT4 down-regulation displayed strong negative correlations with the decreased glucose tolerance capability by Pearson's analysis. The methylation patterns of CpG islands in the promoter regions of IRS-1, IRS-2 and GLUT4 in CG-IUGR rats varied, which was not significantly correlated with their expressions. The male CG-IUGR rats showed decreased glucose tolerant capability, suggesting increased susceptibility to diabetes mellitus in adulthood. The GLUT4 down-regulation may play a vital role in the development of decreased glucose tolerance in male CG-IUGR rats. The methylation modification of the promoter region of GLUT4 does not appear to be involved in its expression.
The effect of maternal Inflammation on foetal programming of metabolic disease$$$ Maternal obesity during pregnancy increases the child's risk of developing obesity and obesity-related diseases later in life. Key components in foetal programming of metabolic risk remain to be identified; however, chronic low-grade inflammation associated with obesity might be responsible for metabolic imprinting in the offspring. We have therefore surveyed the literature to evaluate the role of maternal obesity-induced inflammation in foetal programming of obesity and related diseases. The literature on this topic is limited, so this review also includes animal models where maternal inflammation is mimicked by single injections with lipopolysaccharide (LPS). An LPS challenge results in an immunological response that resembles the obesity-induced immune profile, although LPS injections provoke a stronger response than the subclinical obesity-associated response. Maternal LPS or cytokine exposures result in increased adiposity and impaired metabolic homeostasis in the offspring, similar to the phenotype observed after exposure to maternal obesity. The cytokine levels might be specifically important for the metabolic imprinting, as cytokines are both transferable from maternal to foetal circulation and have the capability to modulate placental nutrient transfer. However, the immune response associated with obesity is moderate and therefore potentially weakened by the pregnancy-driven immune modulation, dominated by anti-inflammatory Treg and Th2 cells. We know from other low-grade inflammatory diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis, that pregnancy can improve disease state. If pregnancy is also capable of suppressing the obesity-associated inflammation, the immunological markers might be less likely to affect metabolic programming in the developing foetus than otherwise implied.
Transient gestational diabetes insipidus diagnosed in successive pregnancies: review of pathophysiology, diagnosis, treatment, and management of delivery$$$ Gestational diabetes insipidus (GDI) is a rare disorder characterised by polyuria, polydypsia, and excessive thirst usually manifesting in the third trimester of pregnancy. The etiology is thought to depend on excessive vasopressinase activity, a placental enzyme that degrades arginine-vasopressin (AVP), but not 1-deamino-8-D-arginine vasopressin (dDAVP), which is a synthetic form. This is a transient syndrome and may be associated with acute fatty liver of pregnancy and preeclampsia. The use of dDAVP in symptomatic cases has been proven as a safe method for both the mother and the fetus during the pregnancy. We report a case of recurrent gestational diabetes insipidus in successive pregnancies, which responded to dDAVP and subsided after delivery.
Metformin: an old but still the best treatment for type 2 diabetes$$$ The management of T2DM requires aggressive treatment to achieve glycemic and cardiovascular risk factor goals. In this setting, metformin, an old and widely accepted first line agent, stands out not only for its antihyperglycemic properties but also for its effects beyond glycemic control such as improvements in endothelial dysfunction, hemostasis and oxidative stress, insulin resistance, lipid profiles, and fat redistribution. These properties may have contributed to the decrease of adverse cardiovascular outcomes otherwise not attributable to metformin's mere antihyperglycemic effects. Several other classes of oral antidiabetic agents have been recently launched, introducing the need to evaluate the role of metformin as initial therapy and in combination with these newer drugs. There is increasing evidence from in vivo and in vitro studies supporting its anti-proliferative role in cancer and possibly a neuroprotective effect. Metformin's negligible risk of hypoglycemia in monotherapy and few drug interactions of clinical relevance give this drug a high safety profile. The tolerability of metformin may be improved by using an appropiate dose titration, starting with low doses, so that side-effects can be minimized or by switching to an extended release form. We reviewed the role of metformin in the treatment of patients with type 2 diabetes and describe the additional benefits beyond its glycemic effect. We also discuss its potential role for a variety of insulin resistant and pre-diabetic states, obesity, metabolic abnormalities associated with HIV disease, gestational diabetes, cancer, and neuroprotection.
Early-Life Exposure to Substance Abuse and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes in Adulthood$$$ Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a chronic non-communicable disease that is driven by insulin resistance as a result of increasing obesity and decreasing activity levels that occur with increasing age. This disease generally develops after the age of 40, but it is now increasingly diagnosed in children and young adults. Increasing evidence, however, suggests that T2D can originate during early development. It has been repeatedly found that malnutrition during the gestational period can result in intrauterine growth restriction and low birth weight, which in combination with postnatal catchup growth may subsequently lead to the development of T2D. There is ample evidence that T2D may also be programmed by maternal substance abuse (the harmful use of psychoactive substances such as illicit drugs or alcohol) during pregnancy and/or lactation. The research activity in this field is currently mainly focused on the childhood health problems following prenatal exposures to substance abuse. The delayed programming effects on adult-onset disorders, including metabolic syndrome and T2D, however, have been reported only rarely. This review provides animal and human evidence that earlylife exposure to substance abuse, including alcohol, nicotine, and cocaine, may program not only childhood health outcomes but also life-long metabolic health status, including risk of T2D and related conditions.
Changes Over Time in Hepatic Markers Predict Changes in Insulin Sensitivity, β-Cell Function, and Glycemia$$$ Context: Serum concentrations of liver enzymes and the hepatokine fetuin-A have been linked to the risk of type 2 diabetes, but their longitudinal impact on insulin resistance and beta-cell dysfunction is unclear. Objective: To evaluate the impact of changes over 2 years in fetuin-A and the liver enzymes alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), and g-glutamyltransferase (GGT) on changes in insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function, and glycemia in women with varying degrees of previous gestational dysglycemia, reflecting a range of future diabetic risk. Design/Setting/Participants: In total, 336 women underwent glucose challenge test (GCT) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy, followed by repeat OGTT and measurement of ALT/ AST/GGT/fetuin-A at both 1 year and 3 years postpartum. The antepartum GCT/OGTT identified four gestational glucose tolerance groups: gestational diabetes (n = 104), gestational impaired glucose tolerance (n = 59), abnormal GCT with normal OGTT (n = 98), and normal GCT/OGTT (n = 75). Results: At 1 and 3 years postpartum, ALT, AST, GGT, and fetuin-A did not differ across the four groups, but the intervening change in ALT/AST ratio was greater in the gestational dysglycemia groups (P = 0.05). Higher baseline ALT/AST (t = 21.99, P = 0.05) and fetuin-A (t = 23.17, P = 0.002) predicted lower insulin sensitivity (Matsuda) at 3 years, as did their respective changes from 1 to 3 years (ALT/AST: t = 25.47, P < 0.0001; fetuin-A: t = 23.56, P = 0.0004). Change in ALT/AST predicted lower beta-cell function (t = 22.33, P = 0.02) and higher fasting glucose at 3 years (t = 2.55, P = 0.01). Moreover, baseline fetuin-A predicted prediabetes/diabetes at 3 years (OR, 1.38; 95% CI, 1.01 to 1.88). Conclusion: Circulating hepatic markers, particularly ALT/AST ratio and fetuin-A, track with changes in insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function, supporting a pathophysiologic basis in their prediction of diabetic risk.
From Sea to Shining Sea and the Great Plains to Patagonia: A Review on Current Knowledge of Diabetes Mellitus in Hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America$$$ The past two decades have witnessed many advances in the prevention, treatment, and control of diabetes mellitus (DM) and its complications. Increased screening has led to a greater recognition of type 2 diabetes mellitus (type 2 DM) and prediabetes; however, Hispanics/Latinos, the largest minority group in the US, have not fully benefited from these advances. The Hispanic/Latino population is highly diverse in ancestries, birth places, cultures, languages, and socioeconomic backgrounds, and it populates most of the Western Hemisphere. In the US, the prevalence of DM varies among Hispanic/Latino heritage groups, being higher among Mexicans, Puerto Ricans, and Dominicans, and lower among South Americans. The risk and prevalence of diabetes among Hispanics/Latinos are significantly higher than in non-Hispanic Whites, and nearly 40% of Hispanics/Latinos with diabetes have not been formally diagnosed. Despite these striking facts, the representation of Hispanics/Latinos in pharmacological and non-pharmacological clinical trials has been suboptimal, while the prevalence of diabetes in these populations continues to rise. This review will focus on the epidemiology, etiology and prevention of type 2 DM in populations of Latin American origin. We will set the stage by defining the terms Hispanic, Latino, and Latin American, explaining the challenges identifying Hispanics/Latinos in the scientific literature and databases, describing the epidemiology of diabetes-including type 2 DM and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-and cardiovascular risk factors in Hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America, and discussing trends, and commonalities and differences across studies and populations, including methodology to ascertain diabetes. We will discuss studies on mechanisms of disease, and research on prevention of type 2 DM in Hispanics/Latinos, including women with GDM, youth and adults; and finalize with a discussion on lessons learned and opportunities to enhance research, and, consequently, clinical care oriented toward preventing type 2 DM in Hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America.
No Correlation of Pancreatic Fat and β-Cell Function in Young Women With and Without a History of Gestational Diabetes$$$ Context: Pancreatic steatosis may contribute to beta-cell dysfunction in type 2 diabetes (T2D), but data are controversial. Women who had gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk for developing T2D. Objective: To examine the association of pancreatic fat content with early/first-phase insulin secretion (as markers of beta-cell function). Design: Cross-sectional analysis of a subcohort of the monocentric, prospective cohort study titled Prediction, Prevention, and Subclassification of Type 2 Diabetes. Setting: Ludwig Maximilians University Hospital, Munich, Germany. Participants: Ninety-seven women, 3 to 16 months after pregnancy [41 normoglycemic women post-GDM, 19 women post-GDM with pathological glucose metabolism, and 37 normoglycemic women after a normoglycemic pregnancy (controls)]. Main Outcome Measures: Correlation of MRI-measured pancreatic fat content with early insulin release in an oral glucose tolerance test (OGGT) [insulin increment within the first 30 minutes of the OGTT (IR30)] and first-phase insulin response (FPIR) in an intravenous glucose tolerance test (n = 65), both adjusted for insulin sensitivity index (ISI). Results: Pancreatic fat content did not correlate with IR30 and FPIR adjusted for ISI. It correlated positively with body mass index, waist circumference, liver fat, and intraabdominal fat volume. Conclusion: Pancreatic fat content does not correlate with beta-cell function in a cohort of young women with different degrees of T2D risk.
High Choline Intake during Pregnancy Reduces Characteristics of the Metabolic Syndrome in Male Wistar Rat Offspring Fed a High Fat But Not a Normal Fat Post-Weaning Diet$$$ Maternal choline intakes are below recommendations, potentially impairing the child's later-life metabolic health. This study aims to elucidate the interaction between the choline content of the gestational diet (GD) and fat content of the post-weaning diet (PWD) on metabolic phenotype of male Wistar rats. Pregnant Wistar rats were fed a standard rodent diet (AIN-93G) with either recommended choline (RC, 1 g/kg diet choline bitartrate) or high choline (HC, 2.5-fold). Male pups were weaned to either a normal (16%) fat (NF) or a high (45%) fat (HF) diet for 17 weeks. Body weight, visceral adiposity, food intake, energy expenditure, plasma hormones, triglycerides, and hepatic fatty acids were measured. HC-HF offspring had 7% lower body weight but not food intake, and lower adiposity, plasma triglycerides, and insulin resistance compared to RC-HF. They also had increased hepatic n-3 fatty acids and a reduced n-6/n-3 and C 18:1 n-9/C18:0 ratios. In contrast, HC-NF offspring had 6-8% higher cumulative food intake and body weight, as well as increased leptin and elevated hepatic C16:1 n-7/C16:0 ratio compared to RC-NF. Therefore, gestational choline supplementation associated with improved long-term regulation of several biomarkers of the metabolic syndrome in male Wistar rat offspring fed a HF, but not a NF, PWD.
DALI: Vitamin D and lifestyle intervention for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevention: an European multicentre, randomised trial - study protocol$$$ Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an increasing problem world-wide. Lifestyle interventions and/or vitamin D supplementation might help prevent GDM in some women. Methods/design: Pregnant women at risk of GDM (BMI >= 29 (kg/m(2))) from 9 European countries will be invited to participate and consent obtained before 19+6 weeks of gestation. After giving informed consent, women without GDM will be included (based on IADPSG criteria: fasting glucose<5.1mmol; 1 hour glucose <10.0 mmol; 2 hour glucose <8.5 mmol) and randomized to one of the 8 intervention arms using a 2x(2x2) factorial design: (1) healthy eating (HE), 2) physical activity (PA), 3) HE+PA, 4) control, 5) HE+PA+vitamin D, 6) HE+PA+placebo, 7) vitamin D alone, 8) placebo alone), pre-stratified for each site. In total, 880 women will be included with 110 women allocated to each arm. Between entry and 35 weeks of gestation, women allocated to a lifestyle intervention will receive 5 face-to-face, and 4 telephone coaching sessions, based on the principles of motivational interviewing. The lifestyle intervention includes a discussion about the risks of GDM, a weight gain target <5kg and either 7 healthy eating 'messages' and/or 5 physical activity ` messages' depending on randomization. Fidelity is monitored by the use of a personal digital assistance (PDA) system. Participants randomized to the vitamin D intervention receive either 1600 IU vitamin D or placebo for daily intake until delivery. Data is collected at baseline measurement, at 24-28 weeks, 35-37 weeks of gestation and after delivery. Primary outcome measures are gestational weight gain, fasting glucose and insulin sensitivity, with a range of obstetric secondary outcome measures including birth weight. Discussion: DALI is a unique Europe-wide randomised controlled trial, which will gain insight into preventive measures against the development of GDM in overweight and obese women.
Novel Insights in the Metabolic Syndrome in Childhood and Adolescence$$$ Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is recognized as an escalating major health risk in adults as well as in children and adolescents. Its prevalence ranges from 6 to 39% depending on the applied definition criteria. To date, there is no consensus on a MetS definition for children and adolescents. However, most authors agree on essential components such as glucose intolerance, central obesity, hypertension, and dyslipidemia; each representing a risk for cardiovascular disease. Recently, associations between MetS and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, hyperuricemia, and sleep disturbances have emerged. Biomarkers like adipocytokines are a subject of current research as they are implicated in the pathogenesis of the MetS. Epigenetics and gestational programming, especially the role of microRNA, comprise a novel, rapidly developing and promising research focus on the topic of MetS. MicroRNAs are increasingly valued for potential roles in the diagnosis, stratification, and therapeutics of MetS. Early detection of risk factors, screening for metabolic disturbances, and the identification of new therapies are major aims to reduce morbidity and mortality related to MetS. Dietary modification and physical activity are currently the only adopted treatment approaches. Pharmacological therapies and bariatric surgery are still contradictory and, therefore, are only recommended in selected high-risk cases. (C) 2017 S. Karger AG, Basel
Deletion of pleiotrophin impairs glucose tolerance and liver metabolism in pregnant mice: Moonlighting role of glycerol kinase$$$ Pleiotrophin is a pleiotropic cytokine that has been demonstrated to have a critical role in regulating energy metabolism, lipid turnover and plasticity of adipose tissue. Here, we hypothesize that this cytokine can be involved in regulatory processes of glucose and lipid homeostasis in the liver during pregnancy. Using 18-days pregnant Ptn-deficient mice, we evaluated the biochemical profile (circulating variables), tissue mRNA expression (qPCR) and protein levels of key enzymes and transcription factors involved in main metabolic pathways. Ptn deletion was associated with a reduction in body weight gain, hyperglycemia and glucose intolerance. Moreover, we observed an impairment in glucose synthesis and degradation during late pregnancy in Ptn(-/-) mice. Hepatic lipid content was significantly lower (73.6%) in Ptn(-/-) mice and was associated with a clear reduction in fatty acid, triacylglycerides and cholesterol synthesis. Ptn deletion was accompanying with a diabetogenic state in the mother and a decreased expression of key proteins involved in glucose and lipid uptake and metabolism. Moreover, Ptn(-/-) pregnant mice have a decreased expression of transcription factors, such as PPAR-alpha, regulating lipid uptake and glucose and lipid utilization. Furthermore, the augmented expression and nuclear translocation of glycerol kinase, and the decrease in NUR77 protein levels in the knock-out animals can further explain the alterations observed in hepatic glucose metabolism. Our results point out for the first time that pleiotrophin is an important player in maintaining hepatic metabolic homeostasis during late gestation, and further highlighted the moonlighting role of glycerol kinase in the regulation of maternal glucose homeostasis during pregnancy.
Adiposity, related biomarkers, and type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes: The Diabetes Prevention Program$$$ Objective This study investigated associations of adiposity and adiposity-related biomarkers with incident type 2 diabetes (T2D) among parous women. Methods Among women in the Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) who reported a previous live birth, circulating biomarkers (leptin, adiponectin, sex hormone-binding globulin, and alanine aminotransferase; n = 1,711) were measured at enrollment (average: 12 years post partum). Visceral (VAT) and subcutaneous adipose tissue areas at the L2-L3 region and the L3-L4 region were quantified by computed tomography (n = 477). Overall and stratified (by history of gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM]) adjusted Cox proportional hazards models were fit. Results Alanine aminotransferase, L2-L3 VAT, and L3-L4 VAT were positively associated (hazard ratio [HR] for 1-SD increases: 1.073, p = 0.024; 1.251, p = 0.009; 1.272, p = 0.004, respectively), and adiponectin concentration was inversely associated with T2D (HR 0.762, p < 0.001). Whereas leptin concentration was not associated with T2D overall, in GDM-stratified models, a 1-SD higher leptin was positively associated with risk of T2D in women without GDM (HR: 1.126, p = 0.016) and inversely in women with a history of GDM (HR: 0.776, p = 0.013, interaction p = 0.002). Conclusions Among parous women, alanine aminotransferase and VAT are positively associated with incident T2D, whereas adiponectin is inversely associated. Leptin is associated with higher risk of T2D in women with a history of GDM but a lower risk in women without a history of GDM.
The early origins of obesity and insulin resistance: timing, programming and mechanisms$$$ Maternal obesity is associated with an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus and it also results in an increased risk of giving birth to a large baby with increased fat mass. Furthermore, it is also contributes to an increased risk of obesity and insulin resistance in the offspring in childhood, adolescence and adult life. It has been proposed that exposure to maternal obesity may therefore result in an 'intergenerational cycle' of obesity and insulin resistance. There is significant interest in whether exposure to maternal obesity around the time of conception alone contributes directly to poor metabolic outcomes in the offspring and whether dieting in the obese mother before pregnancy or around the time of conception has metabolic benefits for the offspring. This review focusses on experimental and clinical studies that have investigated the specific impact of exposure to maternal obesity during the periconceptional period alone or extending beyond conception on adipogenesis, lipogenesis and on insulin signalling pathways in the fat, liver and muscle of the offspring. Findings from these studies highlight the need for a better evidence base for the development of dietary interventions in obese women before pregnancy and around the time of conception to maximize the metabolic benefits and minimize the metabolic costs for the next generation.
The Impact of the Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor on Antenatal Chemical Exposure-Induced Cardiovascular-Kidney-Metabolic Programming$$$ Early life exposure lays the groundwork for the risk of developing cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic (CKM) syndrome in adulthood. Various environmental chemicals to which pregnant mothers are commonly exposed can disrupt fetal programming, leading to a wide range of CKM phenotypes. The aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AHR) has a key role as a ligand-activated transcription factor in sensing these environmental chemicals. Activating AHR through exposure to environmental chemicals has been documented for its adverse impacts on cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, diabetes, obesity, kidney disease, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, as evidenced by both epidemiological and animal studies. In this review, we compile current human evidence and findings from animal models that support the connection between antenatal chemical exposures and CKM programming, focusing particularly on AHR signaling. Additionally, we explore potential AHR modulators aimed at preventing CKM syndrome. As the pioneering review to present evidence advocating for the avoidance of toxic chemical exposure during pregnancy and deepening our understanding of AHR signaling, this has the potential to mitigate the global burden of CKM syndrome in the future.
Perinatal outcome in normal pregnant women with incidental thrombocytopenia at delivery$$$ Objective: To investigate the perinatal outcomes of women who suffered from thrombocytopenia at delivery but did not have other diseases during pregnancy. Materials and Methods: We considered all singleton deliveries after 24 weeks of gestation at Chang Gung Memorial Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan between 2001 and 2010. Women were excluded from this study if they suffered from any of the following conditions: chronic hypertension, hepatitis, acute fatty liver, liver cirrhosis, nephropathy, overt diabetes mellitus, connective tissue disease, systemic lupus erythematosus, or immune thrombocytopenia. Pregnancies complicated by gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, or fetal anomalies during gestation were also excluded. A total of 18,384 deliveries were included for analysis. Women were divided into three groups according to platelet count at admission. Results: A total of 787 pregnancies (4.3%) were complicated by thrombocytopenia. Thrombocytopenic women had a significantly higher rate of cesarean delivery compared to women who did not have this condition. No other differences were observed among these three groups regarding the rates of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Conclusions: The results indicate that women who suffered from incidental thrombocytopenia at delivery but did not have other diseases during pregnancy were not at increased risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Copyright (C) 2013, Taiwan Association of Obstetrics & Gynecology. Published by Elsevier Taiwan LLC. All rights reserved.
Maternal antagonism of Glp1 reverses the adverse outcomes of sleeve gastrectomy on mouse$$$ Mothers that underwent bariatric surgery are at higher risk for delivering a small-for-gestational age (SGA) infant. This phenomenon is attributed to malabsorption and rapid weight loss following surgery. We compared pregnancy outcomes in lean mice that underwent sham surgery or sleeve gastrectomy (SG). SG led to a reduction in glucose levels and an increase in postprandial levels of glucagon-like peptide 1 (Glp1) without affecting mice weight during pregnancy. Pups of SGoperated mice (SG pups) were born SGA. The placenta and pancreas of the pups were not affected by SG, although a high-fat diet caused hepatic steatosis and glucose intolerance in male SG pups. Treatment with a Glp1 receptor antagonist during pregnancy normalized the birth weight of SG pups and diminished the adverse response to a high-fat diet without affecting glucose levels of pregnant mice. The antagonist did not affect the birth weight of pups of sham-operated mice. Our findings link elevated Glp1 signaling, rather than weight loss, to the increased prevalence of SGA births following bariatric surgery with metabolic consequences for the offspring. The long-term effects of bariatric surgery on the metabolic health of offspring of patients require further investigation.
A fetal fatty-acid oxidation disorder as a cause of liver disease in pregnant women$$$ Background Acute fatty liver of pregnancy and the HELLP syndrome (hemolysis, elevated liver-enzyme levels, and a low platelet count) are serious hepatic disorders that may occur during pregnancy in women whose fetuses are later found to have a deficiency of long-chain 3-hydroxyacyl-coenzyme A (CoA) dehydrogenase. This enzyme resides in the mitochondrial trifunctional protein, which also contains the active site of long-chain 2,3-enoyl-CoA hydratase and long-chain 3-ketoacyl-CoA thiolase. We undertook this study to determine the relation between mutations in the trifunctional protein in infants with defects in fatty-acid oxidation and acute liver disease during pregnancy in their mothers. Methods In 24 children with 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency, we used DNA amplification and nucleotide-sequence analyses to identify mutations in the alpha subunit of the trifunctional protein. We then correlated the results with the presence of liver disease during pregnancy in the mothers. Results Nineteen children had a deficiency only of long-chain 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase and presented with hypoketotic hypoglycemia and fatty liver. In eight children, we identified a homozygous mutation in which glutamic acid at residue 474 was changed to glutamine. Eleven other children were compound heterozygotes, with this mutation in one allele of the alpha-subunit gene and a different mutation in the other allele. While carrying fetuses with the Glu474Gln mutation, 79 percent of the heterozygous mothers had fatty liver of pregnancy or the HELLP syndrome. Five other children, who presented with neonatal dilated cardiomyopathy or progressive neuromyopathy, had complete deficiency of the trifunctional protein (loss of activity of all three enzymes). None had the Glu474Gln mutation, and none of their mothers had liver disease during pregnancy. Conclusions Women with acute liver disease during pregnancy may have a Glu474Gln mutation in long-chain hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase. Their infants are at risk for hypoketotic hypoglycemia and fatty liver. (N Engl J Med 1999;340:1723-31.) (C) 1999, Massachusetts Medical Society.
Role of placental fibrinogen-like protein 1 in gestational diabetes$$$ In view of the increasing prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and the increased risks of delivering a macrosomic infant, developing preeclampsia, and suffering a perinatal death due to GDM, GDM has emerged as a growing public health problem. Although the placenta was suggested to play a crucial role in the pathology of GDM, the mechanisms that induce the development of GDM are still obscure. Fibrinogen -like protein (FGL)-1 is a hepatokine that plays an important role in hepatogenesis, as well as in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and diabetes. Although FGL-1 is also expressed by the placenta, the pathophysiological role of FGL-1 in GDM is still unknown. In this study, FGL-1 levels were evaluated in 45 subjects with (n = 16) or without (n = 29) GDM. We found that FGL-1 was mainly expressed by placental trophoblasts, and FGL-1 expression was significantly higher in subjects with GDM. FGL-1 increased trophoblast proliferation through an extracellular signal -regulated kinase 1/2-dependent pathway. In addition, plasma concentrations of FGL-1 were higher in subjects with GDM, and the increased circulating FGL-1 might contribute to systemic insulin resistance. FGL-1 disrupted the gluconeogenic action of insulin in HepG2 cells, and decreased insulin induced glucose uptake by 1.6 myotubes. Taken together, placental FGL-1 possibly plays a role in the impairment of insulin function in the development of GDM, and it might be a novel biomarker for diagnosing GDM.
Obesity and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Pathways for Programming inMouse, Monkey, and Man-Where Do We Go Next? The 2014 Norbert Freinkel Award Lecture$$$ Obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus continue to increase worldwide and span the spectrum of age, race, ethnicity, and socioeconomic status. Alarmingly, 1 in 10 infants and toddlers is obese, and 1 in 5 youths is both obese and at risk for metabolic syndrome prior to puberty. The mechanisms underlying how poor maternal health imparts risk for future metabolic disease in the offspring are beginning to emerge in deeply phenotyped human and nonhuman primate models. Maternal diet and obesity impact fuels, hormones, and inflammation with powerful effects on fetal metabolic systems. These are accompanied by persistent changes in the infant microbiome and epigenome and in offspring behavior. These results suggest that gestational and lactational dietary exposures are driving health risks in the next generation. Whether maternal diet can prevent changes in the womb to alter infant life-course disease risk is still unknown. Controlled, mechanistic studies to identify interventions are sorely needed for a healthier next generation.
Longitudinal characterization of serum metabolome and lipidome reveals that the ceramide profile is associated with metabolic health in early postpartum cows experiencing different lipolysis$$$ Reduced feed intake in early lactation prompts increased fat mobilization to meet dairy cow energy needs for milk production. The increased lipolysis in cows presents significant health risks with unclear mechanisms. The objectives of our study were to compare the longitudinal profiles of metabolites and lipids of serum from high- and low-lipolysis cows. Forty multiparous Holstein dairy cows were enrolled in the retrospective study. Serum samples were collected on d 7 before expected calving, as well as on d 5, 7, 14, and 21 postpartum. Dairy cows were grouped according to mean serum nonesterified fatty acids on d 5 and 7 after parturition as low (<0.600 mmol/L; n = 8; LFM) and high (>0.750 mmol/L; n = 8; HFM), indicating fat mobilization during early lactation. Lactational performance and serum metabolic parameters related to glucose and lipid metabolism, liver functions, oxidative status, and inflammatory responses were determined. Serum samples were subjected to liquid chromatography-MS-based metabolomics and lipidomics. Despite differences in postpartum BW change, there were no observed variations in milk yield and composition between the 2 groups. Serum beta-hydroxybutyric acid, glucose, leptin, aspartate aminotransferase, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor alpha were greater in cows with HFM than in cows with LFM. Serum adiponectin, revised quantitative insulin sensitivity check index, and albumin were lower in cows with HFM than in cows with LFM. Intensified fat mobilization in the HFM cows came along with reduced estimated insulin sensitivity, impaired liver functions, and increased oxidative stress and inflammatory responses. Differences in metabolic patterns were observed across the transition period when comparing serum blood matrixes (e.g., in different amino acids, acylcarnitines, and sphingolipids). The serum metabolome of the HFM cows was characterized by higher concentrations of glycine, acylcarnitines, carnosine, Cer(d20:0/18:0), Cer(d18:1/16:0), and Cer(t18:0/24:0) compared with LFM cows. The differential serum metabolites and lipids at different sampling times during the peripartum period were enriched in the sphingolipid metabolism. Differences in serum metabolic status parameters suggest that cows adopt varied metabolic adaptation strategies to cope with energy deficits postpartum. Our investigation found a comprehensive remodeling of the serum metabolic profiles in transition dairy cattle, highlighting the significance of alterations in sphingolipid species, as they play a crucial role in insulin resistance and metabolic disorders.
Hepatic hexokinase domain containing 1 (HKDC1) improves whole body glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in pregnant mice$$$ Hexokinase domain containing 1, a recently discovered putative fifth hexokinase, is hypothesized to play key roles in glucose metabolism. Specifically, during pregnancy in a recent genome wide association study (GWAS), a strong correlation between HKDC1 and 2-h plasma glucose in pregnant women from different ethnic backgrounds was shown. Our earlier work also reported diminished glucose tolerance during pregnancy in our whole body HKDC1 heterozygous mice. Therefore, we hypothesized that HKDC1 plays important roles in gestational metabolism, and designed this study to assess the role of hepatic HKDC1 in whole body glucose utilization and insulin action during pregnancy. We overexpressed human HKDC1 in mouse liver by injecting a human HKDC1 adenoviral construct; whereas, for the liver-specific HKDC1 knockout model, we used AAV-Cre constructs in our HICDCfl/fl mice. Both groups of mice were subjected to metabolic testing before and during pregnancy on gestation day 17-18. Our results indicate that hepatic HKDC1 overexpression during pregnancy leads to improved whole-body glucose tolerance and enhanced hepatic and peripheral insulin sensitivity while hepatic HKDC1 knockout results in diminished glucose tolerance. Further, we observed reduced gluconeogenesis with hepatic HKDC1 overexpression while HKDC1 knockout led to increased gluconeogenesis. These changes were associated with significantly enhanced ketone body production in HKDC1 overexpressing mice, indicating that these mice shift their metabolic needs from glucose reliance to greater fat oxidation and ketone utilization during fasting. Taken together, our results indicate that hepatic HKDC1 contributes to whole body glucose disposal, insulin sensitivity, and aspects of nutrient balance during pregnancy.
Thermoneutral Housing Enables Studies of Vertical Transmission of Obesogenic Diet-Driven Metabolic Diseases$$$ Vertical transmission of obesity is a critical contributor to the unabated obesity pandemic and the associated surge in metabolic diseases. Existing experimental models insufficiently recapitulate "human-like" obesity phenotypes, limiting the discovery of how severe obesity in pregnancy instructs vertical transmission of obesity. Here, via utility of thermoneutral housing and obesogenic diet feeding coupled to syngeneic mating of WT obese female and lean male mice on a C57BL/6 background, we present a tractable, more "human-like" approach to specifically investigate how maternal obesity contributes to offspring health. Using this model, we found that maternal obesity decreased neonatal survival, increased offspring adiposity, and accelerated offspring predisposition to obesity and metabolic disease. We also show that severe maternal obesity was sufficient to skew offspring microbiome and create a proinflammatory gestational environment that correlated with inflammatory changes in the offspring in utero and adulthood. Analysis of a human birth cohort study of mothers with and without obesity and their infants was consistent with mouse study findings of maternal inflammation and offspring weight gain propensity. Together, our results show that dietary induction of obesity in female mice coupled to thermoneutral housing can be used for future mechanistic interrogations of obesity and metabolic disease in pregnancy and vertical transmission of pathogenic traits.
Liver-specific overexpression of HKDC1 increases hepatocyte size and proliferative capacity$$$ A primary role of the liver is to regulate whole body glucose homeostasis. Glucokinase (GCK) is the main hexokinase (HK) expressed in hepatocytes and functions to phosphorylate the glucose that enters via GLUT transporters to become glucose-6-phosphate (G6P), which subsequently commits glucose to enter downstream anabolic and catabolic pathways. In the recent years, hexokinase domain-containing-1 (HKDC1), a novel 5th HK, has been characterized by our group and others. Its expression profile varies but has been identified to have low basal expression in normal liver but increases during states of stress including pregnancy, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and liver cancer. Here, we have developed a stable overexpression model of hepatic HKDC1 in mice to examine its effect on metabolic regulation. We found that HKDC1 overexpression, over time, causes impaired glucose homeostasis in male mice and shifts glucose metabolism towards anabolic pathways with an increase in nucleotide synthesis. Furthermore, we observed these mice to have larger liver sizes due to greater hepatocyte proliferative potential and cell size, which in part, is mediated via yes-associated protein (YAP) signaling.
Feeding a slowly digestible carbohydrate diet during pregnancy of insulin-resistant rats prevents the excess of adipogenesis in their offspring$$$ An obesogenic environment during pregnancy has been shown to increase the risk of dysregulation on adipogenesis and insulin resistance in the offspring. Being essential for the growing fetus, glucose supply is guaranteed by a number of modifications in the mother's metabolism, and thus, glucose control during pregnancy especially among obese or diabetic women is paramount to prevent adverse consequences in their children. Besides the election of low-glycemic-index carbohydrates, the rate of carbohydrate digestion could be relevant to keep a good glucose control. In the present study, we compared the effects of two high-fat diets with similar glycemic load but different rates of carbohydrate digestion given to pregnant insulin-resistant rats. After birth, all animals were fed a standard diet until age 14 weeks. We analyzed offspring body composition, plasma and adipocyte lipidomics, lipid metabolism in adipose tissue and insulin sensitivity. Those animals whose mothers were fed the rapid-digesting carbohydrate diet exhibited an excessive adipogenesis. Thus, these animals showed a marked lipidemia, increased lipid synthesis in the adipose tissue and reduced glucose transporter amount in the adipose. On the contrary, those animals whose mothers were fed the slow-digesting carbohydrate diet showed a profile in the measured parameters closer to that of the offspring of healthy mothers. These results support the hypothesis that not only glycemic index but the rate of carbohydrate digestion during gestation may be critical to regulate the programming of adipogenesis in the offspring. (C) 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor γ 2 Modulates Late-Pregnancy Homeostatic Metabolic Adaptations$$$ Pregnancy requires adaptation of maternal energy metabolism, including expansion and functional modifications of adipose tissue. Insulin resistance (IR), predominantly during late gestation, is a physiological metabolic adaptation that serves to support the metabolic demands of fetal growth. The molecular mechanisms underlying these adaptations are not fully understood and may contribute to gestational diabetes mellitus. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor. (PPAR.) controls adipogenesis, glucose and lipid metabolism and insulin sensitivity. The PPAR gamma 2 isoform is mainly expressed in adipocytes and is thus likely to contribute to adipose tissue adaptation during late pregnancy. In the present study, we investigated the contribution of PPAR gamma 2 to the metabolic adaptations occurring during the late phase of pregnancy in the context of IR. Using a model of late pregnancy in PPAR gamma 2 knockout (KO) mice, we found that deletion of PPAR gamma 2 exacerbated IR in association with lower serum adiponectin levels, increased body weight and enhanced lipid accumulation in the liver. Lack of PPAR gamma 2 provoked changes in the distribution of fat mass and preferentially prevented expansion of the perigonadal depot while at the same time exacerbating inflammation. Pregnant PPAR gamma 2KO mice presented adipose tissue depot-dependent decreased expression of genes involved in lipid metabolism. Collectively, these data indicate that PPAR gamma 2 is essential in promoting healthy adipose tissue expansion and immune and metabolic functionality during pregnancy, contributing to the physiological adaptations that lead gestation to term.
Insulin resistance: Risk factors, diagnostic approaches and mathematical models for clinical practice, epidemiological studies, and beyond$$$ Insulin resistance (IR) is a multifactorial metabolic disorder associated with the development of cardiometabolic syndrome, cardiovascular diseases and obesity. Factors such as inflammation, hyperinsulinemia, hyper-glucagonemia, mitochondrial dysfunction, glucotoxicity and lipotoxicity contribute to the development of IR. Despite being extensively studied for over 60 years, assessing the incidence of IR, developing effective prevention strategies, and implementing appropriate therapeutic approaches remain challenging. This review explores the multifaceted nature of IR, including its association with various conditions such as obesity, primary hyperten-sion, dyslipidemia, obstructive sleep apnea, Alzheimer's disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, chronic kidney disease and cancer. Additionally, we discuss the complexity of diagnosing and quantifying IR, emphasizing the lack of absolute, common criteria for classification. We delve into the use of mathematical models in clinical and epidemiological studies, focusing on the choice between insulin, tri-glycerides, or waist-to-hip ratio as IR determinants. Furthermore, we highlight the importance of reliable input data and caution in interpreting results when utilizing mathematical models for IR assessment. This narrative review aims to provide insights into the challenges and considerations involved in conducting IR diagnostics, with implications for clinical practice, epidemiological research, and future advancements in this field.
Intrauterine Growth Retardation and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Children$$$ Intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR), the most important cause of perinatal mortality and morbidity, is defined as a foetal growth less than normal for the population, often used as synonym of small for gestational age (SGA). Studies demonstrated the relationships between metabolic syndrome (MS) and birthweight. This study suggested that, in children, adolescents, and adults born SGA, insulin resistance could lead to other metabolic disorders: type 2 diabetes (DM2), dyslipidemia, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). NAFLD may evolve to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), and it is related to the development of MS. Lifestyle intervention, physical activity, and weight reduction represent the mainstay of NAFLD therapy. In particular, a catch-up growth reduction could decrease the risk to develop MS and NAFLD. In this paper, we outline clinical and experimental evidences of the association between IUGR, metabolic syndrome, insulin resistance, and NAFLD and discuss on a possible management to avoid the risk of MS in adulthood.
A Pilot Randomized-Controlled Tria on the Effect of CPAP Treatment on Glycemic Control in Gestational Diabetes: Study Design and Methods$$$ Background: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with adverse short- and long-term maternal and fetal outcomes. Observational data support a link between sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) during pregnancy and GDM. However, it is unknown whether treatment of SDB with continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) improves glucose control in this patient population. In addition, CPAP adherence and feasibility as a treatment option in pregnancy is unknown. This pilot randomized, controlled trial aims to primarily determine the feasibility of CPAP treatment in pregnant women with SDB and GDM. This study is also investigating the effect of SDB treatment on 24-h glucose profiles as an exploratory outcome. Objectives: To describe the study methodology in this ongoing study of pregnant women with GDM and SDB. Patients and Methods: Pregnant women with GDM and SDB defined by apnea-hypopnea index (AHI) >= 10 (Chicago Scoring Criteria) on level 2 polysomnography are randomized to either auto titrating CPAP (experimental group) or a nasal dilator strip (control group) until delivery. The primary outcome, objectively-assessed adherence to CPAP, is measured over the course of the treatment period using device-specific software. Recruitment and retention rates will be calculated to assess the feasibility for planning future trials. Twenty-four hour glucose profiles are measured over a 72-h period using the continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) system, before and after the intervention. Conclusion: The results of this study will be highly informative to determine whether CPAP is a feasible treatment for pregnant women with GDM and SDB, a specialized population at risk for substantial comorbidity. The trial results will ultimately be useful in planning future SDB treatment trials in pregnancy and GDM.
Maternal dietary fatty acid intake during pregnancy and the risk of preclinical and clinical type 1 diabetes in the offspring$$$ The aim of the present study was to examine the associations between the maternal intake of fatty acids during pregnancy and the risk of preclinical and clinical type 1 diabetes in the offspring. The study included 4887 children with human leucocyte antigen (HLA)-conferred type 1 diabetes susceptibility born during the years 1997-2004 from the Finnish Type 1 Diabetes Prediction and Prevention Study. Maternal diet was assessed with a validated FFQ. The offspring were observed at 3-to 12-month intervals for the appearance of type 1 diabetes-associated autoantibodies and development of clinical type 1 diabetes (average follow-up period: 4.6 years (range 0.5-11.5 years)). Altogether, 240 children developed preclinical type 1 diabetes and 112 children developed clinical type 1 diabetes. Piecewise linear log-hazard survival model and Cox proportional-hazards regression were used for statistical analyses. The maternal intake of palmitic acid (hazard ratio (HR) 0.82, 95% CI 0.67, 0.99) and high consumption of cheese during pregnancy (highest quarter v. intermediate half HR 0.52, 95% CI 0.31, 0.87) were associated with a decreased risk of clinical type 1 diabetes. The consumption of sour milk products (HR 1.14, 95% CI 1.02, 1.28), intake of protein from sour milk (HR 1.15, 95% CI 1.02, 1.29) and intake of fat from fresh milk (HR 1.43, 95% CI 1.04, 1.96) were associated with an increased risk of preclinical type 1 diabetes, and the intake of low-fat margarines (HR 0.67, 95% CI 0.49, 0.92) was associated with a decreased risk. No conclusive associations between maternal fatty acid intake or food consumption during pregnancy and the development of type 1 diabetes in the offspring were detected.
Maternal chocolate and sucrose soft drink intake induces hepatic steatosis in rat offspring associated with altered lipid gene expression profile$$$ AimAccording to the World Diabetes Foundation, there is an urgent need to investigate the impact of maternal health and nutrition during pregnancy to understand the background for the accelerating incidence of obesity and type 2 diabetes. In this study, we specifically concentrated on the role of overfeeding during different developmental periods. MethodsSprague-Dawley rats were offered chow or high-fat/high-sucrose diet (chow plus chocolate and soft drink) during gestation and lactation. At birth, offspring were randomly cross-fostered within each dietary group into small and normal litter sizes until weaning, giving four dietary groups. ResultsAt postnatal day 1, offspring from high-fat/high-sucrose-fed dams were heavier and had increased hepatic triglycerides (TG), hepatic glycogen, blood glucose and plasma insulin compared with offspring from chow-fed dams. Hepatic genes involved in lipid oxidation, VLDL transport and insulin receptor were down-regulated, whereas FGF21 expression was up-regulated. Independent of postnatal litter size, offspring from high-fat/high-sucrose-fed dams aged 21days had still increased hepatic TG and up-regulated FGF21 expression, while plasma insulin started to decrease. Litter size reduction in offspring from high-fat/high-sucrose-fed dams further increased body weight and adiposity, and up-regulated genes involved in hepatic mitochondrial lipid oxidation and VLDL transport compared with all other groups. Litter size reduction did not have any impact on body weight gain and adiposity in offspring born to chow-fed dams. ConclusionOur results suggest that supplementation of chocolate and soft drink during gestation and lactation contributes to early onset of hepatic steatosis associated with changes in hepatic gene expression and lipid handling.
INSULIN RESISTANCE$$$ Insulin sensitivity of insulin dependent tissues (muscle,-adipose tissue, liver) is subject to a variety of influences. Any change in insulin sensitivity is compensated in healthy subjects by a dynamic change in insulin secretion, which will decrease following a rise in insulin sensitivity and increase if insulin sensitivity is impaired (i.e. during insulin resistance induced by obesity, pregnancy, oral contraceptives, dehydration, saturated fatty acids, fever, drugs, etc.). In contrast to secondary insulin resistance idiopathic insulin resistance in type 2 diabetic individuals is associated with impaired insulin secretion, which thus is unable to overcome impaired insulin sensitivity. Idiopathic insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes is additionally characterized by reduced glucose storage, the basis of which may reside in an insulin receptor defect, in the presence of insulin receptor antibodies, in a postreceptor defect or in the synthesis of abnormal insulin molecules.
Impact of maternal fructose intake on liver stem/progenitor cells in offspring: Insights into developmental origins of health and disease$$$ Aims: The developmental origin of health and disease (DOHaD) theory postulates that poor nutrition during fetal life increases the risk of disease later in life. Excessive fructose intake has been associated with obesity, diabetes, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and maternal fructose intake during pregnancy has been shown to affect offspring health. In this study, we investigated the effects of high maternal fructose intake on the liver stem/ progenitor cells of offspring.Main method: A fructose-based DOHaD model was established using Sprague-Dawley rats. Small hepatocytes (SHs), which play an important role in liver development and regeneration, were isolated from the offspring of dams that were fed a high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS) diet. The gene expression and DNA methylation patterns were analyzed on postnatal day (PD) 21 and 60.Key findings: Maternal HFCS intake did not affect body weight or caloric intake, but differences in gene expression and DNA methylation patterns were observed in the SHs of offspring. Functional analysis revealed an association between metabolic processes and ion transport.Significance: These results suggest that maternal fructose intake affects DNA methylation and gene expression in the liver stem/progenitor cells of offspring. Furthermore, the prolonged retention of these changes in gene expression and DNA methylation in adulthood (PD 60) suggests that maternal fructose intake may exert lifelong effects. These findings provide insights into the DOHaD for liver-related disorders and highlight the importance of maternal nutrition for the health of the next generation.
Nutritional models of foetal programming and nutrigenomic and epigenomic dysregulations of fatty acid metabolism in the liver and heart$$$ Barker's concept of 'foetal programming' proposes that intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) predicts complex metabolic diseases through relationships that may be further modified by the postnatal environment. Dietary restriction and deficit in methyl donors, folate, vitamin B-12, and choline are used as experimental conditions of foetal programming as they lead to IUGR and decreased birth weight. Overfeeding and deficit in methyl donors increase central fat mass and lead to a dramatic increase of plasma free fatty acids (FFA) in offspring. Conversely, supplementing the mothers under protein restriction with folic acid reverses metabolic and epigenomic phenotypes of offspring. High-fat diet or methyl donor deficiency (MDD) during pregnancy and lactation produce liver steatosis and myocardium hypertrophy that result from increased import of FFA and impaired fatty acid beta-oxidation, respectively. The underlying molecular mechanisms show dysregulations related with similar decreased expression and activity of sirtuin 1 (SIRT1) and hyperacetylation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma coactivator 1 alpha (PGC-1 alpha). High-fat diet and overfeeding impair AMPK-dependent phosphorylation of PGC-1 alpha, while MDD decreases PGC-1 alpha methylation through decreased expression of PRMT1 and cellular level of S-adenosyl methionine. The visceral manifestations of metabolic syndrome are under the influence of endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress in overnourished animal models. These mechanisms should also deserve attention in the foetal programming effects of MDD since vitamin B-12 influences ER stress through impaired SIRT1 deacetylation of HSF1. Taken together, similarities and synergies of high-fat diet and MDD suggest, therefore, considering their consecutive or contemporary influence in the mechanisms of complex metabolic diseases.
Associations of maternal caffeine intake during pregnancy with abdominal and liver fat deposition in childhood$$$ Background Maternal caffeine intake during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of childhood obesity. Studies in adults suggest that caffeine intake might also directly affect visceral and liver fat deposition, which are strong risk factors for cardio-metabolic disease. Objective To assess the associations of maternal caffeine intake during pregnancy with childhood general, abdominal, and liver fat mass at 10 years of age. Methods In a population-based cohort from early pregnancy onwards among 4770 mothers and children, we assessed maternal caffeine intake during pregnancy and childhood fat mass at age 10 years. Results Compared with children whose mothers consumed <2 units of caffeine per day during pregnancy, those whose mothers consumed 4-5.9 and >= 6 units of caffeine per day had a higher body mass index, total body fat mass index, android/gynoid fat mass ratio, and abdominal subcutaneous and visceral fat mass indices. Children whose mothers consumed 4-5.9 units of caffeine per day had a higher liver fat fraction. The associations with abdominal visceral fat and liver fat persisted after taking childhood total body fat mass into account. Conclusions High maternal caffeine intake during pregnancy was associated with higher childhood body mass index, total body fat, abdominal visceral fat, and liver fat. The associations with childhood abdominal visceral fat and liver fat fraction were independent of childhood total body fat. This suggests differential fat accumulation in these depots, which may increase susceptibility to cardio-metabolic disease in later life.
Metabolic programming in offspring of mice fed fructose during pregnancy and lactation$$$ Fructose (C6H12O6), also known as levulose, is a hexose. Chronic consumption of fructose may be associated with increased intrahepatic fat concentration and the development of insulin resistance as well as an increase in the prevalence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and hyperlipidemia during pregnancy. Despite the existence of many studies regarding the consumption of fructose in pregnancy, its effects on fetuses have not yet been fully elucidated. Therefore, the objective of this study was to evaluate the genetic and biochemical effects in offspring (male and female) of female mice treated with fructose during pregnancy and lactation. Pairs of 60-day-old Swiss mice were used and divided into three groups; negative control and fructose, 10%/l and 20%/l doses of fructose groups. After offspring birth, the animals were divided into six groups: P1 and P2 (males and females), water; P3 and P4 (males and females) fructose 10%/l; and P5 and P6 (males and females) fructose 20%/l. At 30 days of age, the animals were euthanized for genetic and biochemical assessments. Female and male offspring from both dosage groups demonstrated genotoxicity (evaluated through comet assay) and oxidative stress (evaluated through nitrite concentration, sulfhydril content and superoxide dismutase activity) in peripheral and brain tissues. In addition, they showed nutritional and metabolic changes due to the increase in food consumption, hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, and metabolic syndrome. Therefore, it is suggested that high consumption of fructose by pregnant female is harmful to their offspring. Thus, it is important to carry out further studies and make pregnant women aware of excessive fructose consumption during this period.
The absence of lactation after pregnancy induces long-term lipid accumulation in maternal liver of mice$$$ Aims: The present investigation evaluated whether pregnancy followed by lactation exerts long-term impacts on maternal hepatic lipid metabolism. Main methods: Female mice were subjected to two pregnancies, after which they were either allowed to breastfeed their pups for 21 days (L21) or had their litter removed (L0). Age-matched virgin mice were used as controls (CTL). Three months after the second delivery, serum was collected for lipid profiling, and fragments of liver were used to assess lipid content and to evaluate the key steps of de novo non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) synthesis, esterification and beta-oxidation, very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) assembly and secretion and autophagy. Key findings: L0 exhibited a significant increase in hepatic TG and reduced apolipoprotein B-100 (ApoB-100) expression. L21 mice had increased ATP citrate lyase (ACLY) activity and reduced acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC) phosphorylation but no increased hepatic TG. On the other hand, L21 mice had reduced hepatic sequestosome 1 (SQSTM1/p62) levels. Increased high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and hepatic apolipoprotein A-1 (ApoA-1) expression were found exclusively in L21. Significance: The present study reveals that long-term hepatic lipid accumulation is induced by the history of pregnancy without lactation. On the other hand, reduced SQSTM1/p62 levels indicate that increased autophagic flux during life may prevent hepatic fat in dams subjected to lactation. Lactation after pregnancy is also obligatory for a long-term increase in maternal HDL. The present data may contribute to the understanding of the mechanisms leading to elevated cardiometabolic risk in women limited to short periods of lactation.
Long-term maternal high-fat feeding from weaning through pregnancy and lactation predisposes offspring to hypertension, raised plasma lipids and fatty liver in mice$$$ In rodents, adverse prenatal nutrition, such as a maternal diet rich in fat during pregnancy, enhances susceptibility of the offspring to hypertension, type 2 diabetes and other features of the human metabolic syndrome in adulthood. However, previous experimental studies were confined to short-term modifications of the maternal diet during pregnancy and/or lactation periods, a situation uncommon in humans. Moreover in humans, the offspring may also consume a high-fat diet, which may take them beyond the range to which their development has adapted them to respond healthily. We examined in C57 mice the effects on offspring of feeding their mothers a high-fat (HF) or standard chow (C) diet from weaning through pregnancy and lactation, and whether there are additive phenotypic effects of feeding the offspring an HF diet from weaning to adulthood (dam-offspring dietary group HF-HF). This group was compared with offspring from HF-fed dams fed a C diet from weaning to adulthood (HF-C) and offspring from C-led mothers fed the C or HF diet (C-C and HF-C, respectively). HF-HF, HF-C and C-HF adult female offspring were heavier, fatter, and had raised serum cholesterol and blood pressure compared with C-C female offspring. We observed a similar trend in male offspring except for the HF-C group which was not heavier or fatter than male C-C offspring. Histology showed lipid vacuoles within hepatocytes in the HF-HF, HF-C and C-HF but not the CC offspring. Serum C-reactive protein was elevated in female (C-HF and HF-HF) but not in male offspring. Elevated blood pressure in the HF-C and C-HF groups was attenuated in the HF-HF group in males but not in females. These findings indicate that long-term consumption of an HF diet by the mother predisposes her offspring to developing a metabolic syndrome-like phenotype in adult life, although cardiovascular effects of an HF diet are related to sex specificity in the HF-HF group.
Tacrolimus in the prevention of adverse pregnancy outcomes and diabetes-associated embryopathies in obese and diabetic mice$$$ Background: T2DM is a high-risk pregnancy with adverse fetal and maternal outcomes including repeated miscarriages and fetal malformations. Despite the established association between placental insufficiency and poor maternal Th1-adaptability to the development of pregnancy complications in T2DM, there have been no established data to assess benefits of pre-pregnancy immunosuppression relative to gestational outcomes in T2DM. We hypothesized that pre-pregnancy macrolide immune suppression can re-establish normal placental development and uterine vascular adaptation in a mouse model of obesity-associated T2DM. Methods: Fetal live birth rate, postnatal variability, mid-gestational uterine and umbilical flow dynamics and certain morphological features of spiral artery modification were examined in the New Zealand Obese (NONcNZO10/Ltj) female mice (n = 56) weaned to ages of 32 weeks on a 60% calories/g high-fat diet (also referred to as HFD-dNONcNZO), and which received either tacrolimus (0.1 mg/kg s.c. q2d), its vehicle (castor oil and ethanol) or metformin (in drinking water 200 mg/ dL p.o. ad libitum). HFD-BALBc-Rag2/IL2-gc female mice (n = 24) were used as HFD-immunodeficient controls. Results: Treatment of the HFD-dNONcNZO female mice with tacrolimus improved live birth rates and postnatal viability scores (p < 0.01), normalized OGTT (p < 0.001), inhibited fetal malformation rates, restored morphology of spiral arterial modification; and improved uterine arterial and umbilical blood flow (p < 0.01). Placental production of TNF alpha and IL16 in the tacrolimus-treated HFD-dNONcNZO dams were restored to non-diabetic levels and the treatment resulted in the inhibition of aberrant monocyte/macrophage activation during pregnancy in the HFD-dNONcNZO dams. Conclusions: Our present data suggest a casual association between chronic maternal overnutrition and aberrancy in the maternal Th1-immune maladaptation to pregnancy and defective spiral artery modification, placental insufficiency and adverse fetal outcomes in the T2DM subjects. Further safety studies into the use of tacrolimus in the pre-pregnancy glycemic control may be beneficial.
Elevated Bile Acid Is Associated with Worsened Impaired Glucose Homeostasis in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma Patients with Extrahepatic Cholestasis through Increased Hepatic Insulin Clearance$$$ Background: Patients after pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD) showed improved glucose tolerance. Evidence for the effect of extrahepatic cholestasis on impaired glucose homeostasis secondary to ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head is limited. Methods: In this prospective cross-sectional study, 50 patients with ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head were included to assess the effect of extrahepatic cholestasis on glucose tolerance status based on the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) before pancreatic surgery. Results: Patients with extrahepatic cholestasis more frequently suffered from worsened impaired glucose homeostasis (prediabetes and new-onset diabetes, 95.2% vs. 58.6%, p = 0.004). Elevated bile acid level was recognized as an independent risk factor for impaired glucose homeostasis (p = 0.024, OR = 6.85). Hepatic insulin clearance (HIC) was significantly higher in patients with elevated bile acid levels (p = 0.001). A strong positive correlation was found between bile acid levels and HIC (r = 0.45, p = 0.001). Conclusions: This study suggested a connection between elevated bile acid levels and worsened impaired glucose homeostasis through increased insulin clearance function in ductal adenocarcinoma of pancreatic head patients.
Effects of Maternal LPS Exposure during Pregnancy on Metabolic Phenotypes in Female Offspring$$$ It is increasingly recognized that intra-uterine growth restriction (IUGR) is associated with an increased risk of metabolic disorders in late life. Previous studies showed that mice exposed to LPS in late gestation induced fetal IUGR. The present study investigated the effects of maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy on metabolic phenotypes in female adult offspring. Pregnant mice were intraperitoneally injected with LPS (50 mg/kg) daily from gestational day (GD) 15 to GD17. After lactation, female pups were fed with standard-chow diets (SD) or high-fat diets (HFD). Glucose tolerance test (GTT) and insulin tolerance test (ITT) were assessed 8 and 12 weeks after diet intervention. Hepatic triglyceride content was examined 12 weeks after diet intervention. As expected, maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy resulted in fetal IUGR. Although there was an increasing trend on fat mass in female offspring whose dams were exposed to LPS during pregnancy, maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy did not elevate the levels of fasting blood glucose and serum insulin and hepatic triglyceride content in female adult offspring. Moreover, maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy did not alter insulin sensitivity in adipose tissue and liver in female adult offspring. Further analysis showed that maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy did not exacerbate HFD-induced glucose tolerance and insulin resistance in female adult offspring. In addition, maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy did not aggravate HFD-induced elevation of hepatic triglyceride content in female adult offspring. In conclusion, LPS-induced IUGR does not alter metabolic phenotypes in adulthood.
Maternal vitamin D administration attenuates metabolic disturbances induced by prenatal exposure to dexamethasone in a sex-dependent manner$$$ Purpose: The overexposure to synthetic glucocorticoids (GC) during pregnancy can predispose to metabolic diseases during adulthood. Vitamin D is not only crucial for fetal development, but also exerts direct effects on the GC sensitivity and down-regulates GC receptors. Given the vitamin D effects on glucocorticoid-related parameters, we aimed to investigate a possible protective role of maternal vitamin D administration on the glucose homeostasis of rats exposed to dexamethasone in utero. Methods: Pregnant rats received dexamethasone (0.1 mg/kg, Dex) daily between the 14th and 19th days of pregnancy. A subgroup of dexamethasone-treated dams received oral administration of vitamin D (500UI, DexVD) during the whole gestation. The corresponding control groups of dams were included (CTL and VD groups, respectively). Male and female offspring were evaluated at 3, 6 and 12 months of age. Results: Prenatal exposure to dexamethasone caused metabolic disruption in an age and sex-dependent manner being the older male offspring more susceptible to insulin resistance, fatty liver and beta-cell mass expansion than females. Furthermore, we demonstrated that prenatal GC led to glucose intolerance in male and female offspring in an age-dependent manner. Maternal vitamin D administration did not influence glucose intolerance but attenuated the insulin resistance, liver lipid accumulation and prevented the beta-cell mass expansion caused by prenatal dexamethasone in the male offspring. Conclusion: Maternal vitamin D administration mitigates metabolic disturbances that occur later in life in male rats exposed to GC in utero. Moreover, our data suggest vitamin D as an important nutritional supplement for pregnant overexposed to GC during gestation.
Metabolic signatures of birthweight in 18 288 adolescents and adults$$$ Background: Lower birthweight is associated with increased susceptibility to cardiometabolic diseases in adulthood, but the underlying molecular pathways are incompletely understood. We examined associations of birthweight with a comprehensive metabolic profile measured in adolescents and adults. Methods: High-throughput nuclear magnetic resonance metabolomics and biochemical assays were used to quantify 87 circulating metabolic measures in seven cohorts from Finland and the UK, comprising altogether 18 288 individuals (mean age 26 years, range 15-75). Metabolic associations with birthweight were assessed by linear regression models adjusted for sex, gestational age and age at blood sampling. The metabolic associations with birthweight were compared with the corresponding associations with adult body mass index (BMI). Results: Lower birthweight adjusted for gestational age was adversely associated with cardiometabolic biomarkers, including lipoprotein subclasses, fatty acids, amino acids and markers of inflammation and impaired liver function (P < 0.0015 for 46 measures). Associations were consistent across cohorts with different ages at metabolic profiling, but the magnitudes were weak. The pattern of metabolic deviations associated with lower birthweight resembled the metabolic signature of higher adult BMI (R-2 = 0.77) assessed at the same time as the metabolic profiling. The resemblance indicated that 1 kg lower birthweight is associated with similar metabolic aberrations as caused by 0.92 units higher BMI in adulthood. Conclusions: Lower birthweight adjusted for gestational age is associated with adverse biomarker aberrations across multiple metabolic pathways. Coherent metabolic signatures between lower birthweight and higher adult adiposity suggest that shared molecular pathways may potentially underpin the metabolic deviations. However, the magnitudes of metabolic associations with birthweight are modest in comparison to the effects of adiposity, implying that birthweight is only a weak indicator of the metabolic risk profile in adulthood.
Maternal High-Fat Feeding Affects the Liver and Thymus Metabolic Axis in the Offspring and Some Effects Are Attenuated by Maternal Diet Normalization in a Minipig Model$$$ Maternal high-fat diet (HFD) affects metabolic and immune development. We aimed to characterize the effects of maternal HFD, and the subsequent diet-normalization of the mothers during a second pregnancy, on the liver and thymus metabolism in their offspring, in minipigs. Offspring born to high-fat (HFD) and normal diet (ND) fed mothers were studied at week 1 and months 1, 6, 12 of life. Liver and thymus glucose uptake (GU) was measured with positron emission tomography during hyperinsulinemic-isoglycemia. Histological analyses were performed to quantify liver steatosis, inflammation, and hepatic hematopoietic niches (HHN), and thymocyte size and density in a subset. The protocol was repeated after maternal-diet-normalization in the HFD group. At one week, HFDoff were characterized by hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, severe insulin resistance (IR), and high liver and thymus GU, associating with thymocyte size and density, with elevated weight-gain, liver IR, and steatosis in the first 6 months of life. Maternal diet normalization reversed thymus and liver hypermetabolism, and increased HHN at one week. It also normalized systemic insulin-sensitivity and liver fat content at all ages. Instead, weight-gain excess, hyperglycemia, and hepatic IR were still observed at 1 month, i.e., end-lactation. We conclude that intra-uterine HFD exposure leads to time-changing metabolic and immune-correlated abnormalities. Maternal diet-normalization reversed most of the effects in the offspring.
Effect of spontaneous gestational diabetes on fetal and postnatal hepatic insulin resistance in <i>Leprdb</i>/+ mice$$$ Infant macrosomia is a classic feature of a gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pregnancy and is associated with increased risk of adult obesity and type II diabetes mellitus, however mechanisms linking GDM and later disease remain poorly understood. The heterozygous leptin receptor-deficient (Lepr(db/+)) mouse develops spontaneous GDM and the fetuses display characteristics similar to infants of GDM mothers. We examined the effects of GDM on maternal insulin resistance, fetal growth, and postnatal development of hepatic insulin resistance. Fetal body weight on d 18 of gestation was 6.5% greater (p<0.05) in pups from ad libitum-fed db/+ mothers compared with wild-type (WT) controls. Pair-feeding db/+ mothers to the intake of WT mothers normalized fetal weight despite less than normal maternal insulin sensitivity. More stringent caloric restriction reduced insulin and glucose levels below WT controls and resulted in fetal intrauterine growth restriction. The level of hepatic insulin receptor protein was decreased by 28% to 31% in both intrauterine growth restriction and fetuses from ad libitum-fed GDM mothers compared with offspring from WT mothers. In 24-wk-old adult offspring from GDM mothers, body weight was similar to WT offspring, however, the females from GDM mothers were fatter and hyperinsulinemic compared with offspring from WT mothers. Insulin-stimulated phosphorylation of Akt, a key intermediate in insulin signaling, was severely decreased in the livers of adult GDM offspring. Hepatic glucose-6-phosphatase activity was also inappropriately increased in the adult offspring from GDM mothers. These results suggest that spontaneous GDM in the pregnant Lepr(db/+) mouse is triggered by overfeeding, and this effect results in obesity and insulin resistance in the livers of the adult offspring. The specific decrease in Akt phosphorylation in livers of adult offspring suggests that this may be a mechanism for reduced insulin-dependent physiologic events, such as suppression of hepatic glucose production, a defect associated with susceptibility to type II diabetes mellitus.
The Epidemiology of Liver Diseases Unique to Pregnancy in a US Community: A Population-Based Study$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: Little is known in the United States about the epidemiology of liver diseases that develop only during (are unique to) pregnancy. We investigated the incidence of liver diseases unique to pregnancy in Olmsted County, Minnesota, and long-term maternal and fetal outcomes. METHODS: We identified 247 women with liver diseases unique to pregnancy from 1996 through 2010 using the Rochester Epidemiology Project database. The crude incidence rate was calculated by the number of liver disease cases divided by 35,101 pregnancies. RESULTS: Of pregnant women with liver diseases, 134 had preeclampsia with liver dysfunction, 72 had hemolysis-associated increased levels of liver enzymes and low-platelet (HELLP) syndrome, 26 had intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, 14 had hyperemesis gravidarum with abnormal liver enzymes, and 1 had acute fatty liver of pregnancy. The crude incidence of liver diseases unique to pregnancy was 0.77%. Outcomes were worse among women with HELLP or preeclampsia than the other disorders-of women with HELLP, 70% had a premature delivery, 4% had abruptio placentae, 3% had acute kidney injury, and 3% had infant death. Of women with preeclampsia, 56.0% had a premature delivery, 4% had abruptio placentae, 3% had acute kidney injury, and 0.7% had infant death. After 7 median years of follow-up (range, 0-18 years), 14% of the women developed recurrent liver disease unique to pregnancy; the proportions were highest in women with initial hyperemesis gravidarum (36%) or intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (35%). Women with preeclampsia were more likely to develop subsequent hepatobiliary diseases. CONCLUSIONS: We found the incidence of liver disease unique to pregnancy in Olmsted County, Minnesota, to be lower than that reported from Europe or US tertiary referral centers. Maternal and fetal outcomes in Olmsted County were better than those reported from other studies, but fetal mortality was still high (0.7%-3.0%). Women with preeclampsia or HELLP are at higher risk for peripartum complications and subsequent development of comorbidities.
Maternal betaine supplementation affects fetal growth and lipid metabolism of high-fat fed mice in a temporal-specific manner$$$ Background/objectives: Maternal obesity increases the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which results in fetal overgrowth and long-lasting metabolic dysfunctioning in the offspring. Previous studies show that maternal choline supplementation normalizes fetal growth and adiposity of progeny from obese mice. This study examines whether supplementation of betaine, a choline derivative, has positive effects on fetal metabolic outcomes in mouse progeny exposed to maternal obesity and GDM. Methods: C57BL/6J mice were fed either a high-fat (HF) diet or a control (normal-fat, NF) diet and received either 1% betaine (BS) or control untreated (BC) drinking water 4-6 weeks before timed-mating and throughout gestation. Maternal, placental, and fetal samples were collected for metabolite and gene-expression assays. Results: At E12.5, BS prevented fetal and placental overgrowth and downregulated glucose and fatty acid transporters (Glut1 and Fatp1) and the growth-promoting insulin-like growth factor 2 (Igf2) and its receptor Igf1r in the placenta of HF, glucose-intolerant dams (P < 0.05). However, these effects disappeared at E17.5. At E17.5, BS reduced fetal adiposity and prevented liver triglyceride overaccumulation in HF versus NF fetuses (P < 0.05). BS fetal livers had enhanced mRNA expression of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (Mttp) (P < 0.01), which promotes VLDL synthesis and secretion. Although we previously reported that maternal choline supplementation downregulated mRNA expression of genes involved in de novo lipogenesis in fetal livers, such alterations were not observed with BS, suggesting differential effects of betaine and choline on fetal gene expression. Conclusion: We propose a temporal-specific mechanism by which maternal BS influences fetal growth and lipid metabolic outcomes of HF mice during prenatal development.
Maternal morbidity associated with triplet pregnancy$$$ The objective of this article is to describe maternal morbidity in a large cohort of triplet pregnancies managed by a single Maternal-Fetal Medicine group over a short period of time. Records from all triplet pregnancies managed and delivered from 1992 to 1996 were reviewed for maternal outcome data. Pregnancies delivered prior to 20 weeks were excluded. During the 4-year study period, 55 triplet pregnancies were managed and delivered at this center. The most common maternal complication was preterm labor, which occurred in 42 cases (76%). Preterm premature rupture of membranes occurred in 11 cases (20%). Pregnancy-induced hypertensive complications occurred in 15 cases (27%), which included severe preeclampsia 13 (24%), hemolysis, elevated liver function tests, and low platelets (HELLP) syndrome 5 (9%), and eclampsia 1 (2%). Other maternal antenatal complications included anemia 15 (27%), acute fatty liver of pregnancy 4 (7%), gestational diabetes 4 (7%), supraventricular tachyarrhythmias 2 (4%), dermatoses 2 (4%), urinary tract infection 2 (4%), and acute disc prolapse requiring surgery in 1 case (2%). Postnatal complications occurred in 18 cases (33%), including endometritis 13 (24%), postpartum hemorrhage 5 (9%), pneumonia 2 (4%), urinary tract infection 2 (4%), and diastasis of rectus muscles requiring surgery in 1 (2%). There were no maternal deaths. Antenatal and postnatal maternal complications occur in almost all triplet gestations, suggesting that such pregnancies be managed at centers that have appropriate multidisciplinary expertise available.
Gestational diabetes: emerging concepts in pathophysiology$$$ Gestational diabetes affects 3 to 5% of pregnancies in the United Kingdom, contributing to significant maternal and fetal morbidity. Understanding the pathophysiology is important as it guides diagnostic screening and treatment. The insulin resistance of normal pregnancy facilitates provision of metabolic substrates to the fetus and is multifactorial in origin. Recent identification of hepatic and skeletal muscle lipid deposition in Type 2 diabetics, demonstrated by novel magnetic resonance spectroscopy techniques, is likely to be the underlying cause of pathological insulin resistance. Similar mechanisms almost certainly underlie gestational diabetes, although further studies are required to prove this. Women who develop gestational diabetes have demonstrable insulin resistance prior to pregnancy that is part of a chronic process of lipid accumulation ultimately leading to type 2 diabetes later in life. The importance of lifestyle advice and dietary modification and the rationale behind the use of metformin are thus explained.
Nutritional, pharmacological, and environmental programming of NAFLD in early life$$$ Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the main liver disease worldwide, and its prevalence in children and adolescents has been increasing in the past years. It has been demonstrated that parental exposure to different conditions, both preconception -ally and during pregnancy, can lead to fetal programming of several metabolic diseases, including NAFLD. In this article, we review some of the maternal and paternal conditions that may be involved in early-life programing of adult NAFLD. First, we describe the maternal nutritional factors that have been suggested to increase the risk of NAFLD in the offspring, such as an obesogenic diet, overweight/obesity, and altered lipogenesis. Second, we review the association of certain vitamin supplementa-tion and the use of some drugs during pregnancy, for instance, glucocorticoids, with a higher risk of NAFLD. Furthermore, we discuss the evidence showing that maternal-fetal pathologies, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), insulin resistance (IR), and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), as well as the exposure to environmental contaminants, and the impact of micro -biome changes, are important factors in early-life programming of NAFLD. Finally, we review how paternal preconceptional con-ditions, such as exercise and diet (particularly obesogenic diets), may impact fetal growth and liver function. Altogether, the presented evidence supports the hypothesis that both in utero exposure and parental conditions may influence fetal outcomes, including the development of NAFLD in early life and adulthood. The study of these conditions is crucial to better understand the diverse mechanisms involved in NAFLD, as well as for defining new preventive strategies for this disease.
Fructose intake during pregnancy up-regulates the expression of maternal and fetal hepatic sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c in rats$$$ Excess fructose consumption is associated with the development of type 2 diabetes and obesity. However, the impact of fructose intake on maternal and fetal lipid metabolism during pregnancy is not known. The aim of this study was to examine whether maternal fructose intake during pregnancy would affect fetal and maternal hepatic lipid metabolism. Pregnant Wistar rats were randomly divided into untreated control and fructose-treated groups; the fructose-treated group received fructose via drinking water throughout pregnancy. On gestational day 20, glucose and insulin concentration in the maternal plasma were measured. The mRNA expression of sterol regulatory element-binding protein (SREBP)-1c and its target genes in the liver of dams and fetuses were analyzed by real-time PCR. Significantly higher maternal plasma glucose levels, indicating hyperglycemia, was observed in the fructose-treated group than in the control group. Furthermore, the fructose-treated group showed significantly higher expression levels of both maternal and fetal SREBP-1c mRNA and protein and significantly elevated expression of fatty acid synthase; the group also showed reduced acyl-CoA oxidase levels in the maternal liver. Thus, our results suggest that maternal fructose intake during pregnancy causes maternal hyperglycemia and up-regulates hepatic SREBP-1c expression in both fetuses and dams. This may lead to defects in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism in the adult offspring.
Protein restriction during lactation causes transgenerational metabolic dysfunction in adult rat offspring$$$ IntroductionProtein restriction during lactation can induce metabolic dysfunctions and has a huge impact on the offspring's phenotype later in its life. We tested whether the effects of a maternal low-protein diet (LP) in rats can be transmitted to the F2 generation and increase their vulnerability to dietary insults in adulthood. MethodsFemale Wistar rats (F0) were fed either a low-protein diet (LP; 4% protein) during the first 2 weeks of lactation or a normal-protein diet (NP; 23% protein). The female offspring (F1 generation) were maintained on a standard diet throughout the experiment. Once adulthood was reached, female F1 offspring from both groups (i.e., NP-F1 and LP-F1) were bred to proven males, outside the experiment, to produce the F2 generation. Male F2 offspring from both groups (NP-F2 and LP-F2 groups) received a standard diet until 60 days old, at which point they received either a normal fat (NF; 4.5% fat) or a high fat diet (HF; 35% fat) for 30 days. ResultsAt 90 days old, LPNF-F2 offspring had increased lipogenesis and fasting insulinemia compared to NPNF-F2, without alteration in insulin sensitivity. HF diet caused increased gluconeogenesis and displayed glucose intolerance in LPHF-F2 offspring compared to LPNF-F2 offspring. Additionally, the HF diet led to damage to lipid metabolism (such as steatosis grade 3), higher body weight, fat pad stores, and hepatic lipid content. DiscussionWe concluded that an F0 maternal protein restricted diet during lactation can induce a transgenerational effect on glucose and liver metabolism in the F2 generation, making the offspring's liver more vulnerable to nutritional injury later in life.
Maternal diets enriched in olive oil regulate lipid metabolism and levels of PPARs and their coactivators in the fetal liver in a rat model of gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ In a rat model of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) programmed in the offspring of neonatal streptozotocin-induced (nSTZ) diabetic rats, lipids are accumulated in the fetal liver in a sex-dependent way. Here, we evaluated whether maternal diets enriched in olive oil in rats that will develop GDM ameliorate lipid metabolic impairments in the fetal livers. Pregnant offspring of control and nSTZ diabetic rats (F0) were fed a 6% olive oil-supplemented diet throughout the F1 gestation. We evaluated maternal metabolic parameters as well as lipid content, expression of lipid metabolizing enzymes and protein expression of PLIN2, PPARs and PPAR coactivators in the fetal livers. The offspring of nSTZ diabetic rats developed GDM regardless of the maternal treatment. Hypertriglyceridemia in GDM rats was prevented by the olive oil-enriched maternal treatment. In the livers of male fetuses of GDM rats, the maternal olive oil-supplemented diet prevented lipid overaccumulation and prevented the increase in PPAR gamma and PPAR delta levels. In the livers of female fetuses of GDM rats, the maternal olive oil supplementation prevented the increase in PPAR delta levels and the reduction in PGC1 alpha levels, but did not prevent the reduced lipid content. Control and GDM rats showed a reduction of lipid metabolic enzymes in the fetal livers, which was associated with reduced levels of the PPAR coactivators PGC-1 alpha and SRC-1 in males and of SRC-1 in females. These results suggest powerful effects of a maternal olive oil-supplemented diet in the fetal liver, possibly providing benefits in the fetuses and offspring from GDM rats. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Trend research of vitamin D receptor: Bibliometric analysis$$$ Studies on vitamin D receptor (VDR) and its association with multiple disorders are expanding. This bibliometric study aims to find and summarize VDR-related publications, and compare them across various countries, organizations, and journals to demonstrate trends in VDR research. VOSviewer and Excel 2019 were used to classify and summarize Web of Science articles from 1900 to mid-2021. Total records of 8762 articles were analyzed, and maps of co-citations bibliometric keywords co-occurrence were designed. In conclusion, relative research interest and published papers related to VDR were growing in the past 30 years. The United States of America dominates the research regarding VDR. The highest quality of VDR research was achieved by the University of California System, University of Wisconsin System, and Harvard University. J Steroid Biochem Mol Biol, PLoS One, and J Biol Chem are the leading three productive journals on VDR. Various aspects of vitamin D deficiency associated disorders and genetic studies regarding VDR, including single nucleotide polymorphism, gene variants, epigenome, long non-coding ribonucleic acid (lncRNA), and small nucleolar RNA host gene 6 are potentially the recent research hotspot in this field. Moreover, coronavirus disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, gut microbiota, gestational diabetes, systemic sclerosis, and chemoresistance are the trending medical conditions associated with VDR.
Prenatal Choline Supplement in a Maternal Obesity Model Modulates Offspring Hepatic Lipidomes$$$ Maternal obesity during pregnancy adversely impacts offspring health, predisposing them to chronic metabolic diseases characterized by insulin resistance, dysregulated macronutrient metabolism, and lipid overload, such as metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). Choline is a semi-essential nutrient involved in lipid and one-carbon metabolism that is compromised during MAFLD progression. Here, we investigated under high-fat (HF) obesogenic feeding how maternal choline supplementation (CS) influenced the hepatic lipidome of mouse offspring. Our results demonstrate that maternal HF+CS increased relative abundance of a subclass of phospholipids called plasmalogens in the offspring liver at both embryonic day 17.5 and after 6 weeks of postnatal HF feeding. Consistent with the role of plasmalogens as sacrificial antioxidants, HF+CS embryos were presumably protected with lower oxidative stress. After postnatal HF feeding, the maternal HF+CS male offspring also had higher relative abundance of both sphingomyelin d42:2 and its side chain, nervonic acid (FA 24:1). Nervonic acid is exclusively metabolized in the peroxisome and is tied to plasmalogen synthesis. Altogether, this study demonstrates that under the influence of obesogenic diet, maternal CS modulates the fetal and postnatal hepatic lipidome of male offspring, favoring plasmalogen synthesis, an antioxidative response that may protect the mouse liver from damages due to HF feeding.
Oligofructose supplementation (10%) during pregnancy and lactation does not change the inflammatory effect of concurrent trans fatty acid ingestion on 21-day-old offspring$$$ Background: Previously, we demonstrated that trans fatty acid ingestion during pregnancy and lactation caused a pro-inflammatory effect on the newborn. The opposite effect was described for gestational prebiotic intake. In the present study, we examined whether supplementation of the diet of the dams with 10% of oligofructose with or without hydrogenated vegetable fat during pregnancy and lactation affected the pro-inflammatory status on the pups at age 21 days. Methods: On the first day of pregnancy, rats were divided into four groups, each of which received one of four diets: a control diet (C group), a control diet supplemented with 10% oligofructose (CF group), a diet enriched with hydrogenated vegetable fat containing trans fatty acids (T group) or a diet enriched with hydrogenated vegetable fat containing trans fatty acids supplemented with 10% oligofructose (TF group). The pups were weighed at birth and at 7, 14 and 21 days of life and were euthanized on post-natal day 21. The serum glucose, insulin and adiponectin concentrations were analyzed. The IL-6, IL-10 and TNF-alpha contents of the retroperitoneal white adipose tissue, liver, soleus and extensor digital longus muscles were analyzed by ELISA. The results are presented as the means +/- standard error of the mean. Statistical significance was assessed using two-way ANOVA, followed by Tukey's test and considered significant at p < 0.05 Results: The body weights of the 21-day old pups in the CF and TF groups were significant lower than those of the C (27% and 21%) and T (25% and 19%, respectively) groups. The serum levels of adiponectin in the CF, T and TF groups were lower than in the C group (41%; 34% and 31%, respectively). In the retroperitoneal adipose tissue, the IL-6 content was increased in TF group relative to the C and CF groups (74% for both), and the TNF-alpha content was higher in the T and TF groups than in the C group (62% and 98%, respectively). In the liver, the TNF-alpha (56% and 104%) and IL-10 (52% and 73%) contents were increased in the CF group relative to the C and TF groups. Conclusions: Supplementation of the diet of the dams with 10% of oligofructose during pregnancy and lactation, independent of supplementation with hydrogenated vegetable fat, adversely affected the development of the offspring and contributed to development of a pro-inflammatory status in the pups on postnatal day 21.
Regulation of Nutritional Metabolism in Transition Dairy Goats: Energy Balance, Liver Activity, and Insulin Resistance in Response to Berberine Supplementation$$$ Simple Summary The transition period is largely marked by a decline in dry matter intake (DMI) that often leads to a negative energy balance (NEB) which, along with exaggerated insulin resistance (IR), increasing the mobilization of body fat reserves, leads to higher blood non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) and/or beta-hydroxybutyric acid (BHBA) concentrations. These confounding factors adversely affect animal health and lactation performance. This study evaluated the impact of pre- and post-partum berberine (BBR) supplementation as a novel approach to the regulation of nutritional metabolism in transition dairy goats. In summary, BBR supplementation (2 and 4 g/d) elevated the DMI and energy balance (EB) in pre- and post-partum goats, as well as enhancing liver activity indices, showing the potential of the new therapeutic strategy in the prevention of metabolic dysfunction in transition dairy goats and in attaining an improved lactation performance as well as health. The objectives of this study were to evaluate the alleviating effects of the isoquinoline alkaloid berberine (BBR) on the energy balance (EB), glucose and insulin metabolism, and liver functionality in transition dairy goats, as reflected by blood metabolites and enzymes. Twenty-four primiparous Saanen goats were randomly allocated to four groups. Goats in each group received, ad libitum, the same basal diet during the pre- and post-partum periods of evaluation. Goats received daily0, 1, 2, or 4 g BBR (coded as CON, BBR1, BBR2, and BBR4, respectively). Dry matter intake (DMI) and milk yield were recorded daily. Blood samples were collected on days -21, -14, -7, 0, 7, 14, and 21 relative to kidding, and individual body condition scores (BCSs) were also recorded. Supplementation with either BBR2 or BBR4 increased (p < 0.05) pre- and post-partum DMI, increasing (p < 0.05) the intakes of net energy for lactating and metabolizable proteins. BBR2 and BBR4 increased (p < 0.05) post-partum milk production as well as fat-corrected milk (FCM), energy-corrected milk (ECM), and feed efficiency, indicating the alleviating effect of BBR on the negative energy balance (NEB) in transition goats. The daily ingestion of either 2 or 4 g BBR reduced (p < 0.05) plasma aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), and alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and increased (p < 0.05) the dynamic change in the liver activity index (LAI) and liver functionality index (LFI), implying its hepatoprotective effect on transition goats. Overall, the results suggest that BBR supplementation of at least 2 g/d may help to ameliorate insulin resistance (IR) and fat metabolism disorders initiated by the NEB in transition dairy goats.
Intergenerational transmission of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes$$$ Studies in women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and their children suggest that the in utero 'diabetic' environment in which the fetus develops can increase the risk of diabetes in the child, in a non-genetic but heritable fashion. Studies in rodents provide strong evidence for maternal transmission of diabetes, but are based primarily on a model type 1 DM and there is no standard animal model of type 2 DM in pregnancy or of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), although those reported uniformly show glucose intolerance in the offspring. Rodent models of diet-induced obesity have relevance to current upward trends in maternal obesity and GDM, although maternal glucose homeostasis is not always assessed and elements of the diet may have an independent influence. The mechanisms by which maternal type 2DM evokes a higher risk of the disorder in the offspring are likely to result from epigenetic modification in early life of pathways of pancreatic beta cells and of liver and muscle insulin signalling pathways. Also, epigenetic processes associated with hormonal imbalance may lead to irreversible 'reordering' of hypothalamic neural networks in fetal/neonatal life, permanently alter energy balance and lead to obesity with associated insulin resistance. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Obesogenic diet in mice compromises maternal metabolic physiology and lactation ability leading to reductions in neonatal viability$$$ Aims Diets containing high-fat and high sugar (HFHS) lead to overweight/obesity. Overweight/obesity increases the risk of infertility, and of the pregnant mother and her child for developing metabolic conditions. Overweight/obesity has been recreated in mice, but most studies focus on the effects of chronic, long-term HFHS diet exposure. Here, we exposed mice to HFHS from 3 weeks prior to pregnancy with the aim of determining impacts on fertility, and gestational and neonatal outcomes. Methods Time-domain NMR scanning was used to assess adiposity, glucose, and insulin tolerance tests were employed to examine metabolic physiology, and morphological and proteomic analyses conducted to assess structure and nutrient levels of maternal organs and placenta. Results Fertility measures of HFHS dams were largely the same as controls. HFHS dams had increased adiposity pre-pregnancy, however, exhibited exacerbated lipolysis/hyper-mobilization of adipose stores in late pregnancy. While there were no differences in glucose or insulin tolerance, HFHS dams were hyperglycemic and hyperinsulinemic in pregnancy. HFHS dams had fatty livers and altered pancreatic islet morphology. Although fetuses were hyperglycemic and hyperinsulinemic, there was no change in fetal growth in HFHS dams. There were also reductions in placenta formation. Moreover, there was increased offspring loss during lactation, which was related to aberrant mammary gland development and milk protein composition in HFHS dams. Conclusions These findings are relevant given current dietary habits and the development of maternal and offspring alterations in the absence of an increase in maternal weight and adiposity during pregnancy, which are the current clinical markers to determine risk across gestation.
Advances in Research on Adropin: Potential Implications for Clinical Diagnosis and Possible Treatment - A Mini-Review$$$ Adropin is 76-amino acids protein. It was discovered in 2008. Adropin expression was found in the liver, brain, heart, kidneys, pancreas, testis and ovary, umbilical vein, coronary artery endothelial cells, aortic smooth muscle cells and monocytes/macrophages. Adropin is involved in energy balance, and it has an endothelial protective effect. Changes in adropin content have been found in many diseases and disorders, such as obesity, diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2, coronary artery disease, myocardial infarction, rheumatoid arthritis, primary Sj & ouml;gren's syndrome, multiple sclerosis, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovary syndrome and preeclampsia. This mini-review focuses on those papers that have potential implications for clinical diagnosis or possible treatment. It can be assumed that adropin can be useful in the diagnosis of certain diseases. It seems to be a promising candidate for the treatment of diabetes, atherosclerosis, polycystic ovary syndrome and diseases of the nervous system associated with cognitive decline.
Programming of hepatic lipid metabolism in a rat model of postnatal nicotine exposure - Sex-related differences$$$ Maternal nicotine exposure during lactation induces liver damage in adult male rats. However, the mechanism in males is unknown and females have not been tested. Here, we determined the liver lipid composition and lipogenic enzymes in male and female offspring at two ages in a model of postnatal nicotine exposure. Osmotic minipumps were implanted in lactating Wistar rat dams at postnatal day (PND) 2 to release 6 mg/kg/day of nicotine (NIC group) or saline (CON group) for 14 days. Offspring received a standard diet from weaning until euthanasia at PND120 (1 pup/litter/sex) or PND180 (2 pups/litter/sex). At PND120, MC males showed lower plasma triglycerides (TG), steatosis degree 1, higher hepatic cholesterol (CHOL) ester, free fatty acids, monoacylglycerol content as well as acetyl-coa carboxylase-1 (ACC-1) and fatty acid synthase (FAS) protein expression in the liver compared to CON males. At this age, NIC females had preserved hepatocytes architecture, higher plasma CHOL, higher CHOL ester and lower total CHOL content in the liver compared to CON females. At PND180, NIC males showed steatosis degrees 1 and 2, higher TG, lower free fatty acids and total CHOL content in the liver and an increase in ACC-1 hepatic protein expression. NIC females had higher plasma TG and CHOL levels, no change in hepatic morphology, lower CHOL ester and free fatty acids in the liver, which also showed higher total ACC-1 and FAS protein expression. Maternal nicotine exposure induces long-term liver dysfunction, with an alteration in hepatic cytoarchitecture that was aggravated with age in males. Concerning females, despite unchanged hepatic cytoarchitecture, lipid metabolism was compromised, which deserves further attention. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Critical periods of increased fetal vulnerability to a maternal high fat diet$$$ Background: Fetal adaptations to high fat (HF) diet in utero (IU) that may predispose to Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) in adulthood include changes in fetal hepatic gene expression. Studies were performed to determine whether maternal exposure to HF diet at different stages during pregnancy had different effects on the fetus, including hepatic gene expression. Methods: Female wild type mice were fed either a HF or breeding chow (C) for 2 wks prior to mating. The experimental groups were composed of embryonic day (e) 18.5 fetuses obtained from WT female mice that were fed HF (HF, 35.5% fat) or breeding chow (C, 9.5% fat) for 2 wk before mating until e9.5 of pregnancy (periconception-midpregnancy). At e9.5 dams were switched to the opposite diet (C-HF or HF-C). Results: Exposure to HF diet throughout pregnancy reduced maternal weight gain compared to C diet (p < 0.02 HF vs. C). HF-C dams had significantly decreased adiponectin levels and litter size when compared to C-HF (p < 0.02 HF-C vs C-HF). Independent of the timing of exposure to HF, fetal weight and length were significantly decreased when compared to C diet (HF, C-HF and HF-C vs. C p < 0.02). HF diet during the second half of pregnancy increased expression of genes in the fetal liver associated with fetal growth (C-HF vs C p < 0.001), glucose production (C-HF vs C p < 0.04), oxidative stress and inflammation (C-HF vs C p < 0.01) compared to C diet. Conclusions: This model defines that there are critical periods during gestation in which the fetus is actively shaped by the environment. Early exposure to a HF diet determines litter size while exposure to HF during the second half of pregnancy leads to dysregulation of expression of key genes responsible for fetal growth, hepatic glucose production and oxidative stress. These findings underscore the importance of future studies designed to clarify how these critical periods may influence future risk of developing MetS later in life.
The adverse effect of 4-tert-octylphenol on fat metabolism in pregnant rats via regulation of lipogenic proteins$$$ Alkylphenols such as 4-tert-octylphenol (OP), nonylphenol, and bisphenol A are classified as endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs). Digestion and metabolism of food are controlled by many endocrine factors, including insulin, glucagon, and estrogen. These factors are differentially regulated during pregnancy. The alteration of nutritional intake and fat metabolism may affect the maintenance of pregnancy and supplementation of nutrients to the fetus, and therefore can cause severe metabolic diseases such as ketosis, marasmus and diabetes mellitus in pregnant individuals. In this study, we examined the effects of OP on fat metabolism in pregnant rats. Ethinyl estradiol (EE) was also administered as an estrogenic positive control. In our results, rats treated with OP showed significantly reduced body weights compared to the control group. In addition, histological analysis showed that the amount of fat deposited in adipocytes was reduced by OP treatment. To study the mechanism of action of OP in fat metabolism, we examined the expression levels of fat metabolism-associated genes in rat adipose tissue and liver by real-time PCR. OP and EE negatively regulated the expression of lipogenic enzymes, including FAS (fatty acid synthase), ACC-1 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase-1), and SCD-1 (stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1). The levels of lipogenic enzyme-associated transcription factors such as CiEBP-alpha (CAAT enhancer binding protein alpha) and SREBP-1c (sterol regulatory element binding protein-1c) were also reduced in both liver and adipose tissue. In summary, these findings suggest that OP has adverse effects on fat metabolism in pregnant rats and inhibits fat deposition via regulating lipogenic genes in the liver and adipose tissue. The altered fat metabolism by OP may affect the nutrition balance during pregnancy and can cause metabolism-related diseases. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Lactation alters the relationship between liver lipid synthesis and hepatic fat stores in the postpartum period$$$ In mothers who are nursing their infants, increased clearance of plasma metabolites into the mammary gland may reduce ectopic lipid in the liver. No study to date has investigated the role of lactation on liver lipid synthesis in humans, and we hypothe-sized that lactation would modify fatty acid and glucose handling to support liver metabolism in a manner synchronized with the demands of milk production. Lactating (n = 18) and formula-feeding women (n = 10) underwent metabolic testing at 6 -week postpartum to determine whether lactation modified intrahepatic triacylglycerols (IHTGs), measured by proton magnetic resonance spectros-copy. Subjects ingested oral deuterated water to measure fractional de novo lipogenesis (DNL) in VLDL-TG during fasting and during an isotope -labeled clamp at an insulin infusion rate of 10 mU/ m2/min. Compared with formula-feeding women, we found that lactating women exhibited lower plasma VLDL-TG concentrations, similar IHTG content and similar contribution of DNL to total VLDL-TG pro-duction. These findings suggest that lactation lowers plasma VLDL-TG concentrations for reasons that are unrelated to IHTG and DNL. Surprisingly, we deter-mined that the rate of appearance of nonesterified fatty acids was not related to IHTG in either group, and the expected positive association between DNL and IHTG was only significant in formula-feeding women. Further, in lactating women only, the higher the prolactin concentration, the lower the IHTG, while greater DNL strongly associated with elevations in VLDL-TG. In conclusion, we suggest that future studies should investigate the role of lactation and prolactin in liver lipid secretion and metabolism.
Developmental origins of disease and determinants of chromatin structure: maternal diet modifies the primate fetal epigenome$$$ Chromatin structure is epigenetically altered via covalent modifications of histones to allow for heritable gene regulation without altering the nucleotide sequence. Multiple lines of evidence from rodents have established a role for epigenetic remodeling in regulating gene transcription in response to an altered gestational milieu. However, to date, it is unknown whether variations in the intrauterine environment in primates similarly induce changes in key determinants of hepatic chromatin structure. We hypothesized that a maternal high-fat diet would alter the epigenomic profile of the developing offspring, which would result in alterations in fetal gene expression. Age- and weight-matched adult female Japanese macaques were placed on control (13% fat) or high-fat (35% fat) breeder diets and mated annually over a 4-year interval. Fetuses in successive years were delivered near term (e130 of 167 days) and underwent necropsy with tissue harvest. Fetal histones were acid extracted for characterization of H3 modification and chromatin immunoprecipitation (Chill with differential display PCR; fetal RNA, DNA, and cytoplasmic and nuclear protein extracts were similarly extracted for comparison. Chronic consumption of a maternal high-fat diet results in a threefold increase in fetal liver triglycerides and histologic correlates of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. These gross changes in the fetal liver are accompanied by a statistically significant hyperacetylation of fetal hepatic tissue at H3K14 (199.85 +/- 9.64 vs 88.8 +/- 45.4; P=0.038) with a trend towards the increased acetylation at H3K9 (140.9 +/- 38.7 vs 46.6 +/- 6.53; P=0.097) and at H3K18 (69.0 +/- 3.54 vs 58.0 +/- 4.04; P=0.096). However, epigenetic modifications on fetal hepatic H3 associated with gene repression were absent or subtle (P>0.05). Subsequent characterization of key epigenetic determinants associated with H3 acetylation marks revealed similar significant alterations in association with a high-fat maternal diet (e.g., relative fetal histone deacetylase 1 (HDAC1) gene expression 0.61 +/- 0.25; P=0.011). Consistent with our m RNA expression profile, fetal nuclear extracts from offspring of high-fat diet animals were observed to be significantly relatively deplete of HDAC1 protein (36.07 +/- 6.73 vs 83.18 +/- 7.51; P=0.006) and in vitro HDAC functional activity (0.252 +/- 0.03 vs 0.698 +/- 0.02; P<0.001). We employ these observations in ChIP differential display PCR to attempt to identify potential fetal genes whose expression is reprogramed under conditions of a high-fat maternal diet. We quantitatively confirm a minimum of a 40% alteration in the expression of several genes of interest: glutamic pyruvate transaminase (alanine aminotransferase) 2 (GPT2) (1.59 +/- 0.23-fold; P=0.08), DNAJA2 (1.36 +/- 0.21; P=0.09), and Rdh 12(1.88 +/- 0.15; P=0.01) are appreciably increased in fetal hepatic tissue from maternal caloric-dense diet animals when compared with control while Npas2, a peripheral circadian regulator, was significantly downmodulated in the offspring of high-fat diet animals (0.66 +/- 0.08; P=0.03). In this study, we show that a current significant in utero exposure (caloric-dense high-fat maternal diet) induces site-specific alterations in fetal hepatic H3 acetylation. Employing Cl we extend these observations to link modifications of H3 acetylation with alterations in gene-specific expression. These results suggest that a caloric-dense maternal diet leading to obesity epigenetically altrs fetal chromatin structure in primates via covalent modifications of histones and hence lends a molecular basis to the fetal origins of adult disease hypothesis.
Rodents on a high-fat diet born to mothers with gestational diabetes exhibit sex-specific lipidomic changes in reproductive organs$$$ Maternal gestatonal diabetes mellitus (GDM) and offspring high-fat diet (HFD) have been shown to have sex-specific detrimental effects on the health of the offspring. Maternal GDM combined with an offspring HFD alters the lipidomic profiles of offspring reproductive organs with sex hormones and increases insulin signaling, resulting in offspring obesity and diabetes. The pre-pregnancy maternal GDM mice model is established by feeding maternal C57BL/6 mice and their offspring are fed with either a HFD or a low-fat diet (LFD). Testis, ovary and liver are collected from offspring at 20 weeks of age. The lipidomic profiles of the testis and ovary are characterized using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Male offspring following a HFD have elevated body weight. In reproductive organs and hormones, male offspring from GDM mothers have decreased testes weights and testosterone levels, while female offspring from GDM mothers show increased ovary weights and estrogen levels. Maternal GDM aggravates the effects of an offspring HFD in male offspring on the AKT pathway, while increasing the risk of developing inflammation when expose to a HFD in female offspring liver. Testes are prone to the effect of maternal GDM, whereas ovarian metabolite profiles are upregulated in maternal GDM and downregulated in offspring following an HFD. Maternal GDM and an offspring HFD have different metabolic effects on offspring reproductive organs, and PUFAs may protect against detrimental outcomes in the offspring, such as obesity and diabetes.
Increased Susceptibility to Obesity and Glucose Intolerance in Adult Female Rats Programmed by High-Protein Diet during Gestation, But Not during Lactation$$$ Fetal and early postnatal nutritional environments contribute to lifelong health. High-protein (HP) intake in early life can increase obesity risk in response to specific feeding conditions after weaning. This study investigated the effects of a maternal HP diet during pregnancy and/or lactation on the metabolic health of offspring. Three groups of dams received a normal-protein (NP, 20E% proteins) diet during gestation and lactation (Control group), an HP diet (55E% proteins) during gestation (HPgest group), or an HP diet during lactation (HPlact group). From weaning until 10 weeks, female pups were exposed to the NP, the HP or the western (W) diet. HPgest pups had more adipocytes (p = 0.009), more subcutaneous adipose tissue (p = 0.04) and increased expression of genes involved in liver fatty acid synthesis at 10 weeks (p < 0.05). HPgest rats also showed higher food intake and adiposity under the W diet compared to the Control and HPlact rats (p <= 0.04). The post-weaning HP diet reduced weight (p < 0.0001), food intake (p < 0.0001), adiposity (p < 0.0001) and glucose tolerance (p < 0.0001) compared to the NP and W diets; this effect was enhanced in the HPgest group (p = 0.04). These results show that a maternal HP diet during gestation, but not lactation, leads to a higher susceptibility to obesity and glucose intolerance in female offspring.
Maternal Diabetes and Postnatal High-Fat Diet on Pregnant Offspring$$$ Maternal diabetes-induced fetal programming predisposes offspring to type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and obesity in adulthood. However, lifelong health and disease trajectories depend on several factors and nutrition is one of the main ones. We intend to understand the role of maternal diabetes-induced fetal programming and its association with a high-fat diet during lifelong in the female F1 generation focusing on reproductive outcomes and the possible changes in physiological systems during pregnancy as well as the repercussions on the F2 generation at birth. For this, we composed four groups: F1 female pups from control (OC) or from diabetic dams (OD) and fed with standard (SD) or high-fat diet from weaning to full-term pregnancy. During pregnancy, glucose intolerance and insulin sensitivity were evaluated. In a full-term pregnancy, the maternal blood and liver were collected to evaluate redox status markers. The maternal blood, placental tissue, and fetal blood (pool) were collected to evaluate adiponectin and leptin levels. Maternal reproductive parameters were evaluated as well. Maternal diabetes and high-fat diet consumption, in isolation, were both responsible for increased infertility rates and fasting glucose levels in the F1 generation and fetal growth restriction in the F2 generation. The association of both conditions showed, in addition to those, increased lipoperoxidation in maternal erythrocytes, regardless of the increased endogenous antioxidant enzyme activities, glucose intolerance, decreased number of implantation sites and live fetuses, decreased litter, fetal and placental weight, increased preimplantation losses, and increased fetal leptin serum levels. Thus, our findings show that fetal programming caused by maternal diabetes or lifelong high-fat diet consumption leads to similar repercussions in pregnant rats. In addition, the association of both conditions was responsible for glucose intolerance and oxidative stress in the first generation and increased fetal leptin levels in the second generation. Thus, our findings show both the F1 and F2 generations harmed health after maternal hyperglycemic intrauterine environment and exposure to a high-fat diet from weaning until the end of pregnancy.
Melatonin associated with a high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation prevents liver changes in the offspring$$$ In the present study, we set out to determine whether melatonin combined with a high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation can prevent liver disorders in offspring. Forty rats were divided into four groups: DC - pregnant rats submitted to the standard diet; DC + Mel - pregnant rats submitted to the standard diet combined with melatonin; HFD - pregnant rats submitted to a high-fat diet; HFD + Mel - pregnant rats submitted to a high-fat diet combined with melatonin. Morphophysiological and biochemical parameters were analyzed. Melatonin (5 mg/ kg) was administered intraperitoneally. The HFD group offspring showed an increase in AST, ALT, alkaline phosphatase, cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL and glucose levels, and a reduction in HDL and lipase levels. In the liver obseved steatosis, hepatocellular ballooning, increased lobular parenchyma and reduced non-lobular parenchyma, beside reduced liver glycogen and fibrosis. These changes were not observed in the HFD + Mel group. In conclusion, melatonin combined with a high-fat diet preserves the liver architecture and function in the offspring.
Serum long chain n-3 fatty acids (EPA and DHA) in the pregnant mother are independent of risk of type 1 diabetes in the offspring$$$ Background This article aims to study whether higher proportions of the long chain n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in the phospholipid fraction of serum samples in pregnancy were associated with a lower risk of childhood onset type 1 diabetes in the offspring. Methods In a prospective cohort of nearly 30?000 pregnant women who gave birth in Norway during 19921994, we analysed serum samples from 89 women whose child developed type 1 diabetes and was included in the nationwide Norwegian Childhood Diabetes Registry and 125 randomly selected women whose child did not develop type 1 diabetes before 15?years of age. Specific fatty acids were expressed as the proportion of total fatty acids (g/100?g) in the phospholipid fraction in serum analysed using solid phase extraction and gas chromatography with flame ionization detection. Results There was no significant association between EPA or DHA in maternal serum and risk of type 1 diabetes in the offspring. Odds ratio (OR) for upper versus lower quartile of EPA was 0.75 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.341.65], test for trend p?=?0.4, and for DHA OR?=?0.71 (95% CI 0.331.53), test for trend p?=?0.6. No significant association was found for the sum of n-3 fatty acids, or for n-6/n-3 ratio in the mother with risk of type 1 diabetes in the offspring. Conclusions Our data did not support the hypothesis that higher proportions of maternal EPA or DHA during pregnancy are associated with a lower risk of type 1 diabetes in the offspring. Copyright (c) 2012 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Developmental Programming of Obesity and Diabetes in Mouse, Monkey, and Man in 2018: Where Are We Headed?$$$ Childhood obesity and its comorbidities continue to accelerate across the globe. Two-thirds of pregnant women are obese/overweight, as are 20% of preschoolers. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is escalating, affecting up to 1 in 5 pregnant women. The field of developmental origins of health and disease has begun to move beyond associations to potential causal mechanisms for developmental programming. Evidence across species compellingly demonstrates that maternal obesity, diabetes, and Western-style diets create a long-lasting signature on multiple systems, including infant stem cells, the early immune system, and gut microbiota. Such exposures accelerate adipogenesis, disrupt mitochondrial metabolism, and impair energy sensing, affecting neurodevelopment, liver, pancreas, and skeletal muscle. Attempts to prevent developmental programming have met with very limited success. A challenging level of complexity is involved in how the host genome, metabolome, and microbiome throughout pregnancy and lactation increase the offspring's risk of metabolic diseases across the life span. Considerable gaps in knowledge include the timing of exposure(s) and permanence or plasticity of the response, encompassing effects from both maternal and paternal dysmetabolism. Basic, translational, and human intervention studies targeting pathways that connect diet, microbiota, and metabolism in mothers with obesity/GDM and their infants are a critical unmet need and present new challenges for disease prevention in the next generation.
Maternal High-Fat Diet Impairs Placental Fatty Acid β-Oxidation and Metabolic Homeostasis in the Offspring$$$ Maternal overnutrition can affect fetal growth and development, thus increasing susceptibility to obesity and diabetes in later life of the offspring. Placenta is the central organ connecting the developing fetus with the maternal environment. It is indicated placental fatty acid metabolism plays an essential role in affecting the outcome of the pregnancy and fetus. However, the role of placental fatty acid beta-oxidation (FAO) in maternal overnutrition affecting glucose metabolism in the offspring remains unclear. In this study, C57BL/6J female mice were fed with normal chow or high-fat diet before and during pregnancy and lactation. The placenta and fetal liver were collected at gestation day 18.5, and the offspring's liver was collected at weaning. FAO-related genes and AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) signaling pathway were examined both in the placenta and in the human JEG-3 trophoblast cells. FAO-related genes were further examined in the liver of the fetuses and in the offspring at weaning. We found that dams fed with high-fat diet showed higher fasting blood glucose, impaired glucose tolerance at gestation day 14.5 and higher serum total cholesterol (T-CHO) at gestation day 18.5. The placental weight and lipid deposition were significantly increased in maternal high-fat diet group. At weaning, the offspring mice of high-fat diet group exhibited higher body weight, impaired glucose tolerance, insulin resistance and increased serum T-CHO, compared with control group. We further found that maternal high-fat diet downregulated mRNA and protein expressions of carnitine palmitoyltransferase 2 (CPT2), a key enzyme in FAO, by suppressing the AMPK/Sirt1/PGC1 alpha signaling pathway in the placenta. In JEG-3 cells, protein expressions of CPT2 and CPT1b were both downregulated by suppressing the AMPK/Sirt1/PGC1 alpha signaling pathway under glucolipotoxic condition, but were later restored by the AMPK agonist 5-aminoimidazole-4-carboxyamide ribonucleoside (AICAR). However, there was no difference in CPT2 and CPT1 gene expression in the liver of fetuses and offspring at weaning age. In conclusion, maternal high-fat diet can impair gene expression involved in FAO in the placenta by downregulating the AMPK signaling pathway, and can cause glucose and lipid dysfunction of offspring at weaning, indicating that placental FAO may play a crucial role in regulating maternal overnutrition and metabolic health in the offspring.
Body mass index in early pregnancy and future risk of severe liver disease: a population-based cohort study$$$ Background In young men, high body mass index (BMI) has been linked to liver disease later in life, but it is unclear if this also applies to women. Aim To study the association between BMI early in life and development of liver disease later in life in women. Methods We obtained data on early pregnancy BMI from 1 139 458 Swedish women between 1992 and 2015. National registers were used to ascertain incident severe liver disease, defined as cirrhosis, decompensated liver disease (hepatocellular carcinoma, oesophageal varices, hepatorenal syndrome or hepatic encephalopathy) or liver failure. A Cox regression model was used to investigate associations of BMI with incident severe liver disease adjusting for maternal age, calendar year, country of birth, smoking, civil status and education. Results During an average follow-up of 13.8 years, 774 women developed severe liver disease. Compared to women with a low normal BMI (18.5-22.4), an increased risk of severe liver disease was found in women with BMI between 22.5 and 24.9 kg/m(2) (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 1.25, 95% CI 1.04-1.50), 25.0 and 29.9 kg/m(2) (aHR 1.27, 95% CI 1.05-1.53) and BMI >= 30 kg/m(2) (aHR 1.77, 95% CI 1.40-2.24). When examining BMI as a continuous variable, the aHR increased by 4% per kg/m(2) (95% CI 1.02-1.05). A diagnosis of diabetes was associated with an increased risk of severe liver disease independent of baseline BMI. Conclusion A high BMI early in life in women is associated with a dose-dependent, increased risk for future severe liver disease.
Sex-dependent nutritional programming: fish oil intake during early pregnancy in rats reduces age-dependent insulin resistance in male, but not female, offspring$$$ Sardinha FL, Fernandes FS, Tavares do Carmo MG, Herrera E. Sex-dependent nutritional programming: fish oil intake during early pregnancy in rats reduces age-dependent insulin resistance in male, but not female, offspring. Am J Physiol Regul Integr Comp Physiol 304: R313-R320, 2013. First published December 19, 2012; doi: 10.1152/ajpregu.00392.2012.-Prenatal and early postnatal nutritional status may predispose offspring to impaired glucose tolerance and changes in insulin sensitivity in adult life. The long-term consequences of changes in maternal dietary fatty acid composition were determined in rats. From day 1 until day 12 of pregnancy, rats were given isocaloric diets containing 9% nonvitamin fat based on soybean, olive, fish (FO), linseed, or palm oil. Thereafter, they were maintained on the standard diet; offspring were studied at different ages. Body weight at 4, 8, and 12 mo and lumbar adipose tissue and liver weights at 12 mo did not differ between females on the different diets, whereas in males the corresponding values were all lower in the offspring from the FO group compared with the other dietary groups. Plasma glucose concentrations (both basal and after an oral glucose load) did not change with sex or dietary group, but plasma insulin concentrations were lower in females than in males and, in males, were lowest in the FO group. Similar relations were found with both the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance and insulin sensitivity index. In conclusion, the intake of more n-3 fatty acids (FO diet) during early pregnancy reduced both fat accretion and age-related decline in insulin sensitivity in male offspring but not in females. It is proposed that the lower adiposity caused by the increased n-3 fatty acids during the intrauterine life was responsible of the lower insulin resistance in male offspring.
Maternal nicotine exposure leads to higher liver oxidative stress and steatosis in adult rat offspring$$$ Early nicotine exposure causes future obesity and insulin resistance. We evaluated the long-term effect of the maternal nicotine exposure during lactation in liver oxidative status, insulin sensitivity and morphology in adult offspring. Two days after birth, osmotic minipumps were implanted in the dams: nicotine (N), 6 mg/kg/day for 14 days or saline (C). Offspring were killed at 180 days. Protein content of superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, catalase, nitrotyrosine, 4HNE, IRSI, Akt1 and PPARs were measured. MDA, bound protein carbonyl content, SOD, GPx and catalase activities were determined in liver and plasma. Hepatic morphology and triglycerides content were evaluated. Albumin and bilirubin were determined. In plasma, N offspring had higher catalase activity, and SOD/GPx ratio, albumin and bilirubin levels but lower MDA content In liver, they presented higher MDA and 4HNE levels, bound protein carbonyl content, SOD activity but lower GPx activity. N offspring presented an increase of lipid droplet, higher triglyceride content and a trend to lower PPARcc in liver despite unchanged insulin signaling pathway. Early nicotine exposure causes oxidative stress in liver at adulthood, while protect against oxidative stress at plasma level. In addition, N offspring develop liver microsteatosis, which is related to oxidative stress but not to insulin resistance. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Intravenous Triacylglycerol Infusion Promotes Ceramide Accumulation and Hepatic Steatosis in Dairy Cows$$$ Background: Increased plasma free fatty acids (FFAs) impair insulin sensitivity in dairy cows via unknown mechanisms. In nonruminants, saturated FFAs upregulate the hepatic synthesis and secretion of ceramide, which inhibits insulin action. Objective: We aimed to determine whether an increase in plasma FFAs promotes hepatic and plasma ceramide accumulation in dairy cows. Methods: Six nonpregnant, nonlactating Holstein cows were used in a study with a crossover design and treatments consisting of intravenous infusion of either saline (control) or triacylglycerol emulsion (TG; 20 g/h) for 16 h. The feeding level was set at 120% of energy requirements. Blood was collected at regular intervals and liver was biopsied at 16 h. Ceramides, monohexosylceramides (Glc/Gal-Cer), lactosylceramides (LacCer), and sphingomyelins (SMs) in plasma and liver were profiled. Hepatic expression of ceramide synthases was determined. Data were analyzed with the use of mixed models, regressions, and Spearman rank correlations. Results: After 16 h of infusion, plasma FFA concentrations were >5-fold and liver triacylglycerol concentrations were 4-fold greater in TG cows, relative to control. Plasma total and very long-chain ceramide (e.g., C24:0-ceramide) concentrations increased similar to 4-fold in TG over control by hour 16 of infusion, while C16:0-ceramide were not modified by TG. Infusion of TG increased plasma Glc/Gal-Cer (e.g., C16:0-Glc/Gal-Cer, 4-fold by hour 16) relative to control, but did not alter LacCer or SM concentrations. Hepatic ceramide concentrations increased with TG relative to control (e.g., C24:0-ceramide by 1.7-fold). Hepatic expression of ceramide synthase 2 was 60% greater after TG infusion compared with the control. Circulating ceramides were related to circulating FFA and hepatic triacylglycerol concentrations (e.g., C24:0-ceramide, p = 0.73 and 0.80, respectively; P < 0.001). Conclusion: Hepatic ceramide synthesis is associated with elevations in circulating FFAs and hepatic triacylglycerol during the induction of hyperlipidemia in dairy cows. This work supports the emerging evidence for the role of ceramide during hepatic steatosis and insulin antagonism in cows.
The Impact of Dietary Factors during Pregnancy on the Development of Islet Autoimmunity and Type 1 Diabetes: A Systematic Literature Review$$$ Aims and hypothesis: The incidence of type 1 diabetes mellitus in children is considerably increasing in western countries. Thus, identification of the environmental determinants involved could ultimately lead to disease prevention. Here, we aimed to systematically review (PROSPERO ID: CRD42022362522) the current evidence of the association between maternal dietary factors during gestation and the risk of developing type 1 diabetes and/or islet autoimmunity (IA) in murine and human offspring. Methods: In accordance with PRISMA guidelines, the present systematic review searched PubMed and Scopus (n = 343) for different combinations of MeSH terms, such as type 1 diabetes, diet, islet autoimmunity, prenatal, nutrient, gluten, gliadin, vitamin, milk, and fibers. Results: We found that the most investigated dietary factors in the present literature were gluten, dietary advanced glycosylated end products (dAGEs), vitamin D, fatty acids, and iron. The results concerning prenatal exposure to a gluten-free environment showed a consistently protective effect on the development of IA. Prenatal exposures to vitamin D and certain fatty acids appeared to protect against the development of IA, whereas in utero iron and fat exposures correlated with increased risks of IA. Conclusion: We conclude that a definite association is not established for most factors investigated as the literature represents a heterogeneous pool of data, although fetal exposures to some maternal dietary components, such as gluten, show consistent associations with increased risks of IA. We suggest that human prospective dietary intervention studies in both cohort and clinical settings are crucial to better evaluate critical and protective prenatal exposures from the maternal diet during pregnancy.
Maternal Obesity Related to High Fat Diet Induces Placenta Remodeling and Gut Microbiome Shaping That Are Responsible for Fetal Liver Lipid Dysmetabolism$$$ Background: Maternal obesity in utero may affect fetal development and cause metabolic problems during childhood and even adulthood. Diet-induced maternal obesity can impair gut barrier integrity and change the gut microbiome, which may contribute to adverse placental adaptations and increase the obesity risk in offspring. However, the mechanism through which maternal obesity causes offspring metabolic disorder must be identified.Methods: Eight-week-old female rats received a control diet or high-fat (HF) diet for 11 weeks before conception and during gestation. The placentas were collected on gestational day 21 before offspring delivery. Placental tissues, gut microbiome, and short-chain fatty acids of dams and fetal liver tissues were studied.Results: Maternal HF diet and obesity altered the placental structure and metabolism-related transcriptome and decreased G protein-coupled receptor 43 expression. HF diet and obesity also changed the gut microbiome composition and serum propionate level of dams. The fetal liver exhibited steatosis, enhanced oxidative stress, and increased expression of acetyl-CoA carboxylase 1 and lipoprotein lipase with changes in maternal HF diet and obesity.Conclusions: Maternal HF diet and obesity shape gut microbiota and remodel the placenta of dams, resulting in lipid dysmetabolism of the fetal liver, which may ultimately contribute to the programming of offspring obesity.
Pregnancy-Related Acute Kidney Injury: Do We Know What to Do?$$$ Pregnancy-related AKI is a global health problem and is associated with a higher risk of both maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. Risk factors for developing AKI during pregnancy include older age, history of preeclampsia, and comorbidities like diabetes. Hyperemesis gravidarum is a common cause of AKI during the first trimester, and conditions such as preeclampsia, acute fatty liver disease of pregnancy, thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, hemolytic uremic syndrome, and placental abruption are important causes of AKI later in the pregnancy. Diagnosis of pregnancy-related AKI is challenging due to the lack of standard criteria and overlap of clinical manifestations among different etiologies. Timely diagnosis of pregnancy-related AKI is instrumental. Specific treatment includes steroids and immunosuppressive therapy for glomerulonephritis, prompt delivery for severe preeclampsia and acute fatty liver of pregnancy, plasmapheresis for thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, and eculizumab for the atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome. Due to the high complexity, management of pregnancy-related AKI should be performed by a multidisciplinary team consisting of a nephrologist, obstetrician, and neonatologist.
Temporal changes in sphingolipids and systemic insulin sensitivity during the transition from gestation to lactation$$$ Reduced insulin action develops naturally during the peripartum to ensure maternal nutrient delivery to the fetus and neonate. However, increased insulin resistance can facilitate excessive lipolysis which in turn promotes metabolic disease in overweight dairy cattle. Increased fatty acid availability favors the accumulation of the sphingolipid ceramide and is implicated in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance, however, the relationship between sphingolipid metabolism and insulin resistance during the peripartum remains largely unknown. Our objectives were to characterize temporal responses in plasma and tissue sphingolipids in lean and overweight peripartal cows and to establish the relationships between sphingolipid supply and lipolysis, hepatic lipid deposition, and systemic insulin action. Twenty-one multiparous lean and overweight Holstein cows were enrolled in a longitudinal study spanning the transition from gestation to lactation (d -21 to 21, relative to parturition). Plasma, liver, and skeletal muscle samples were obtained, and sphingolipids were profiled using LC/MS/MS. Insulin sensitivity was assessed utilizing intravenous insulin and glucose challenges. Our results demonstrated the following: first, insulin resistance develops postpartum concurrently with increased lipolysis and hepatic lipid accumulation; second, ceramides and glycosylated ceramides accumulate during the transition from gestation to lactation and are further elevated in overweight cows; third, ceramide accrual is associated with lipolysis and liver lipid accumulation, and C16: 0- and C24: 0-ceramide are inversely associated with systemic insulin sensitivity postpartum; fourth, plasma sphingomyelin, a potential source of ceramides reaches a nadir at parturition and is closely associated with feed intake; fifth, select sphingomyelins are lower in the plasma of overweight cows during the peripartal period. Our results demonstrate that dynamic changes occur in peripartal sphingolipids that are influenced by adiposity, and are associated with the onset of peripartal insulin resistance. These observations are in agreement with a putative potential role for sphingolipids in facilitating the physiological adaptations of peripartum.
Dietary Lipid During Late-Pregnancy and Early-Lactation to Manipulate Metabolic and Inflammatory Gene Network Expression in Dairy Cattle Liver with a Focus on PPARs$$$ Polyunsaturated (PUFA) long-chain fatty acids (LCFAs) are more potent in eliciting molecular and tissue functional changes in monogastrics than saturated LCFA. From -21 through 10 days relative to parturition dairy cows were fed no supplemental LCFA (control), saturated LCFA (SFAT; mainly 16:0 and 18:0), or fish oil (FISH; high-PUFA). Twenty-seven genes were measured via quantitative RT-PCR in liver tissue on day -14 and day 10. Expression of nuclear receptor co-activators (CARM1, MED1), LCFA metabolism (ACSL1, SCD, ACOX1), and inflammation (IL6, TBK1, IKBKE) genes was lower with SFAT than control on day -14. Expression of SCD, however, was markedly lower with FISH than control or SFAT on both -14 and 10 days. FISH led to further decreases in expression on day 10 of LCFA metabolism (CD36, PLIN2, ACSL1, ACOX1), intracellular energy (UCP2, STK11, PRKAA1), de novo cholesterol synthesis (SREBF2), inflammation (IL6, TBK1, IKBKE), and nuclear receptor signaling genes (PPARD, MED1, NRIP1). No change in expression was observed for PPARA and RXRA. The increase of DGAT2, PLIN2, ACSL1, and ACOX1 on day 10 versus -14 in cows fed SFAT suggested upregulation of both beta-oxidation and lipid droplet (LD) formation. However, liver triacylglycerol concentration was similar among treatments. The hepatokine FGF21 and the gluconeogenic genes PC and PCK1 increased markedly on day 10 versus -14 only in controls. At the levels supplemented, the change in the profile of metabolic genes after parturition in cows fed saturated fat suggested a greater capacity for uptake of fatty acids and intracellular handling without excessive storage of LD.
Consumption of sucrose, but not high fructose corn syrup, leads to increased adiposity and dyslipidaemia in the pregnant and lactating rat$$$ Excess consumption of added sugars, including sucrose and high fructose corn syrup (HFCS-55), have been implicated in the global epidemics of obesity and type 2 diabetes. This study aimed to investigate and compare the impact of maternal consumption of sucrose or HFCS-55 during pregnancy and lactation on the metabolic health of the dam and her offspring at birth. Female Albino Wistar rats were given access to chow and water, in addition to a sucrose or HFCS-55 beverage (10% w/v) before, and during pregnancy and lactation. Maternal glucose tolerance was determined throughout the study, and a postmortem was conducted on dams following lactation, and on offspring within 24 h of birth. Sucrose and HFCS-55 consumption resulted in increased total energy intake compared with controls, however the increase from sucrose consumption was accompanied by a compensatory decrease in chow consumption. There was no effect of sucrose or HFCS-55 consumption on body weight, however sucrose consumption resulted in increased adiposity and elevated total plasma cholesterol in the dam, while HFCS-55 consumption resulted in increased plasma insulin and decreased plasma non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA). Maternal HFCS-55 consumption was associated with decreased relative liver weight and plasma NEFA in the offspring at birth. There was no effect of either treatment on pup weight at birth. These findings suggest that both sucrose and HFCS-55 consumption during pregnancy and lactation have the potential to impact negatively on maternal metabolic health, which may have adverse consequences for the long-term health of the offspring.
The correlation analysis of primary liver cancer with Type 2 diabetes$$$ OBJECTIVE: To explore the relationship between Type 2 diabetes and primary liver cancer. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In the period from December 2008 to December 2014, all blood sugar data of patients in our hospital was collected, and the total number is 18213. Except for repeatedly hospitalized diabetic person, newborn stress status, or venous transfusion blood glucose, gestational diabetes, etc., By retrieving the medical record information of patients in the hospital, and using telephone or letter follow-up the patients, we collected 127 people with type 1 diabetes and found no liver cancer patients; Type 2 diabetes, 10,794 cases of patient information, 59 with primary liver cancer. For data analysis, Stata11.0 ratio was used as the main analysis indicators, using Chi-square test and statistical analysis. RESULTS: About 10,794 Type 2 diabetes cases with 59 primary liver cancer, the incidence is 54.66/10,000, men liver cancer incidence (92.78/10,000) than women (27.13/10,000), with significant difference ((2) = 26.621, P < 0.001). As the growth of the age, the possibility of liver cancer in patients with diabetes increased significantly ((2) = 19.961, P = 0.001). The rate was highest for 50-60-year-old men, and the women at age 70, and older incidence is highest. Irrespective of men or women with diabetes as the growth of the age, the possibility of liver cancer had significantly increased (P = 0.001, P = 0.002). Hepatitis B or hepatitis C incidence was 2.94%, but diabetes incidence of hepatitis men (3.98%) and women (2.01%) did not find significant differences ((2) = 0.3361, P = 0.562). Three hundred and seventeen cases of Type 2 diabetes with hepatitis, the incidence of primary liver cancer was 11.67%, the liver cancer incidence of diabetes patients with hepatitis men (17.78%) than women (3.97%), with significant difference ((2) = 37.429, P < 0.001). With the growth of age, the overall risk of getting liver cancer ((2) =15.023, P = 0.01) of diabetes and hepatitis patients is significantly increased, and with the growth of age, the risk of getting liver cancer of male patients showed significant (P < 0.05), but not the female patients. Without merge hepatitis, the morbility of primary liver cancer in 10477 cases of type2 diabetes incidence is 0.21%, the liver cancer incidence men (0.34%) than women (0.11%), with significant difference ((2) = 6.471, P = 0.011).As the growth of age, the overall risk of getting liver cancer of diabetes patients without hepatits is significantly increased ((2) =15.612, P = 0.008) ,and the risk of getting liver cancer of male patients showed significant (P < 0.05) as the growth of the age, but not the female patients. Diabetic persons according to the illness time can be divided into 0-5 years, 5-10 years, 10-20 years, and over 20 years of four stages, including 5-10 years and 10-20 years is liver cancer patients with diabetes incidence peak, male diabetic hepatitis in patients with liver cancer incidence than women, with significant difference ((2) = 22.757, P < 0.001). The possibility of liver cancer in patients with diabetes increased significantly ((2) = 15.023, P = 0.01) for longer duration of illness, but only the male patients with liver cancer incidence showed significant difference with longer duration of illness, women showed no significance. CONCLUSION: Diabetes was associated with the primary liver cancer, most likely is one of the causes of primary liver cancer.
A sociodemographic, anthropometric and lifestyle-based prediction score for screening children with overweight and obesity for hepatic steatosis: The HEPAKID index$$$ Background Hepatic steatosis (HS) is currently the most prevalent hepatic disease in paediatric population and a major risk factor for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. The proper identification of children with HS is therefore of great public health interest. Objective To develop a new prediction score using anthropometric, sociodemographic and lifestyle factors to identify children with HS (the HEPAKID index). Previously published biochemical paediatric screening tools were validated in the same cohort. Methods A total of 115 pre-adolescent children aged 8 to 12 years with overweight/obesity, recruited at hospital paediatric units were enrolled in this cross-sectional study. HS (>= 5.5% hepatic fat) was assessed by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Anthropometric, sociodemographic and lifestyle variables were collected by validated tests/questionnaires. Results Forty-one children had MRI-diagnosed HS (35.6%, 49% girls). These children had (P < .01) a higher waist-height ratio, a lower cardiorespiratory fitness, a younger gestational age, and consumed more sugar-sweetened beverages than their HS-free peers. Children with HS were more likely to belong to an ethnic minority (P < .01) and to spend longer viewing screens than recommended (P < .05). The addition of these variables to the multivariate logistic regression model afforded a HEPAKID index with high discriminatory capacity (area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve: 0.808, 95% CI 0.715-0.901), and score of >= 25.0 was associated with high sensitivity (82%, 95% CI 68%-96%). Biochemical biomarker-based paediatric tools for identifying HS showed only moderate discriminatory capacity and low sensitivity (5%-41%) in this cohort. Conclusions The HEPAKID index is the first simple, non-invasive, sensitive, inexpensive and easy-to-perform screening that can identify children with overweight or obesity who have HS.
Adipocyte Dysfunction in a Mouse Model of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS): Evidence of Adipocyte Hypertrophy and Tissue-Specific Inflammation$$$ Clinical research shows an association between polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and chronic inflammation, a pathological state thought to contribute to insulin resistance. The underlying pathways, however, have not been defined. The purpose of this study was to characterize the inflammatory state of a novel mouse model of PCOS. Female mice lacking leptin and insulin receptors in pro-opiomelanocortin neurons (IR/LepR(POMC) mice) and littermate controls were evaluated for estrous cyclicity, ovarian and adipose tissue morphology, and body composition by QMR and CT scan. Tissue-specific macrophage infiltration and cytokine mRNA expression were measured, as well as circulating cytokine levels. Finally, glucose regulation during pregnancy was evaluated as a measure of risk for diabetes development. Forty-five percent of IR/LepR(POMC) mice showed reduced or absent ovulation. IR/LepR(POMC) mice also had increased fat mass and adipocyte hypertrophy. These traits accompanied elevations in macrophage accumulation and inflammatory cytokine production in perigonadal adipose tissue, liver, and ovary. These mice also exhibited gestational hyperglycemia as predicted. This report is the first to show the presence of inflammation in IR/LepR(POMC) mice, which develop a PCOS-like phenotype. Thus, IR/LepR(POMC) mice may serve as a new mouse model to clarify the involvement of adipose and liver tissue in the pathogenesis and etiology of PCOS, allowing more targeted research on the development of PCOS and potential therapeutic interventions.
Maternal Low-Protein Diet during Puberty and Adulthood Aggravates Lipid Metabolism of Their Offspring Fed a High-Fat Diet in Mice$$$ A maternal low-protein (LP) diet during gestation and/or lactation results in metabolic syndrome in their offspring. Here, we investigated the effect of maternal LP diet during puberty and adulthood on the metabolic homeostasis of glucose and lipids in offspring. Female mice were fed with normal-protein (NP) diet or a LP diet for 11 weeks. Male offspring were then fed with a high-fat diet (NP-HFD and LP-HFD groups) or standard chow diet (NP-Chow and LP-Chow groups) for 4 months. Results showed that maternal LP diet during puberty and adulthood did not alter the insulin sensitivity and hepatic lipid homeostasis of their offspring under chow diet, but aggravated insulin resistance, hepatic steatosis, and hypercholesterolemia of offspring in response to a post-weaning HFD. Accordingly, transcriptomics study with offspring's liver indicated that several genes related to glucose and lipid metabolism, including lipoprotein lipase (Lpl), long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase 1 (Acsl1), Apoprotein A1 (Apoa1), major urinary protein 19 (Mup19), cholesterol 7 alpha hydroxylase (Cyp7a1) and fibroblast growth factor 1 (Fgf1), were changed by maternal LP diet. Taken together, maternal LP diet during puberty and adulthood could disarrange the expression of metabolic genes in the liver of offspring and aggravate insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis in offspring fed a HFD.
The Influence of the n-3 Fatty Acids on the Immune System, Early Infant Feeding and Pregnancy$$$ The importance of n-3 fatty acids in the immune system and the development of islet autoimmunity and type 1 diabetes has been the focus of research in the last years. Thereby the influence of the eicosanoid synthesis and the cytokin-and lymphocyte function is especially taken into account. Furthermore it was shown that the consumption of fish oil during pregnancy is prolonging pregnancy duration and is increasing birth weight. Moreover it is reported that breastfed infants and infants fed n-3 supplemented formulas had a better cognitive behavior and visual acuity.
Multifaceted roles of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) at the cellular and whole organism levels$$$ Chronic disorders, such as obesity, diabetes, inflammation, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and atherosclerosis, are related to alterations in lipid and glucose metabolism, in which peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPAR)alpha, PPAR beta/delta and PPAR gamma are involved. These receptors form a subgroup of ligand-activated transcription factors that belong to the nuclear hormone receptor family. This review discusses a selection of novel PPAR functions identified during the last few years. The PPARs regulate processes that are essential for the maintenance of pregnancy and embryonic development. Newly found hepatic functions of PPAR alpha are the mediation of female-specific gene repression and the protection of the liver from oestrogen induced toxicity. PPAR alpha also controls lipid catabolism and is the target of hypolipidaemic drugs, whereas PPAR gamma controls adipocyte differentiation and regulates lipid storage; it is the target for the insulin sensitising thiazolidinediones used to treat type 2 diabetes. Activation of PPAR beta/delta increases lipid catabolism in skeletal muscle, the heart and adipose tissue. In addition, PPAR beta/delta ligands prevent weight gain and suppress macrophage derived inflammation. In fact, therapeutic benefits of PPAR ligands have been confirmed in inflammatory and autoimmune diseases, such as encephalomyelitis and inflammatory bowel disease. Furthermore, PPARs promote skin wound repair. PPAR alpha favours skin healing during the inflammatory phase that follows injury, whilst PPAR beta/delta enhances keratinocyte survival and migration. Due to their collective functions in skin, PPARs represent a major research target for our understanding of many skin diseases. Taken altogether, these functions suggest that PPARs serve as physiological sensors in different stress situations and remain valuable targets for innovative therapies.
THE PYRUVATE-DEHYDROGENASE COMPLEX - NUTRIENT CONTROL AND THE PATHOGENESIS OF INSULIN-RESISTANCE$$$ This review examines the molecular mechanisms underlying substrate competition between glucose and lipid in starvation and in insulin-resistant states. We demonstrate that lipid-derived substrates are oxidized in preference to glucose by skeletal muscle in vivo during prolonged starvation. An accelerated and exaggerated lipolytic and ketogenic response to starvation in late pregnancy is associated with more rapid suppression of glucose oxidation by the maternal skeletal-muscle mass. These benign adaptations to changes in lipid availability (which occur secondarily to changes in carbohydrate supply and demand) contrast with the well-documented detrimental effects to health of an inappropriately high supply of dietary lipid. We present results that indicate that the prolonged consumption of a diet high in saturated fat is associated with a stable enhancement of pyruvate dehydrogenase (PDH) kinase activity at least in two oxidative tissues-liver and heart. This long-term enhancement of PDH kinase activity is concomitant with the development of whole-body insulin resistance and adds a new dimension to the potential role of dietary composition in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance.
Gamma-Glutamyltransferase: A Predictive Biomarker of Cellular Antioxidant Inadequacy and Disease Risk$$$ Gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) is a well-established serum marker for alcohol-related liver disease. However, GGT's predictive utility applies well beyond liver disease: elevated GGT is linked to increased risk to a multitude of diseases and conditions, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and all-cause mortality. The literature from multiple population groups worldwide consistently shows strong predictive power for GGT, even across different gender and ethnic categories. Here, we examine the relationship of GGT to other serum markers such as serum ferritin (SF) levels, and we suggest a link to exposure to environmental and endogenous toxins, resulting in oxidative and nitrosative stress. We observe a general upward trend in population levels of GGT over time, particularly in the US and Korea. Since the late 1970s, both GGT and incident MetS and its related disorders have risen in virtual lockstep. GGT is an early predictive marker for atherosclerosis, heart failure, arterial stiffness and plaque, gestational diabetes, and various liver diseases, including viral hepatitis, other infectious diseases, and several life-threatening cancers. We review literature both from the medical sciences and from life insurance industries demonstrating that serum GGT is a superior marker for future disease risk, when compared against multiple other known mortality risk factors.
In utero exposures to perfluoroalkyl substances and the human fetal liver metabolome in Scotland: a cross-sectional study$$$ Background Perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances are classed as endocrine disrupting compounds but continue to be used in many products such as firefighting foams, flame retardants, utensil coatings, and waterproofing of food packaging. Perfluoroalkyl exposure aberrantly modulates lipid, metabolite, and bile acid levels, increasing susceptibility to onset and severity of metabolic diseases, such as diabetes and metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease. To date, most studies in humans have focused on perfluoroalkyl-exposure effects in adults. In this study we aimed to show if perfluoroalkyls are present in the human fetal liver and if they have metabolic consequences for the human fetus. Methods In this cross-sectional study, human fetal livers from elective termination of pregnancies at the Aberdeen Pregnancy Counselling Service, Aberdeen, UK, were analysed by both targeted (bile acids and perfluoroalkyl substances) and combined targeted and untargeted (lipids and polar metabolites) mass spectrometry based metabolomic analyses, as well as with RNA-Seq. Only fetuses from normally progressing pregnancies (determined at ultrasound scan before termination), terminated for non-medical reasons, from women older than 16 years, fluent in English, and between 11 and 21 weeks of gestation were collected. Women exhibiting considerable emotional distress or whose fetuses had anomalies identified at ultrasound scan were excluded. Stringent bioinformatic and statistical methods such as partial correlation network analysis, linear regression, and pathway analysis were applied to this data to investigate the association of perfluoroalkyl exposure with hepatic metabolic pathways. Findings Fetuses included in this study were collected between Dec 2, 2004, and Oct 27, 2014. 78 fetuses were included in the study: all 78 fetuses were included in the metabolomics analysis (40 female and 38 male) and 57 fetuses were included in the RNA-Seq analysis (28 female and 29 male). Metabolites associated with perfluoroalkyl were identified in the fetal liver and these varied with gestational age. Conjugated bile acids were markedly positively associated with fetal age. 23 amino acids, fatty acids, and sugar derivatives in fetal livers were inversely associated with perfluoroalkyl exposure, and the bile acid glycolithocholic acid was markedly positively associated with all quantified perfluoroalkyl. Furthermore, 7 alpha-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one, a marker of bile acid synthesis rate, was strongly positively associated with perfluoroalkyl levels and was detectable as early as gestational week 12. Interpretation Our study shows direct evidence for the in utero effects of perfluoroalkyl exposure on specific key hepatic products. Our results provide evidence that perfluoroalkyl exposure, with potential future consequences, manifests in the human fetus as early as the first trimester of gestation. Furthermore, the profiles of metabolic changes resemble those observed in perinatal perfluoroalkyl exposures. Such exposures are already linked with susceptibility, initiation, progression, and exacerbation of a wide range of metabolic diseases. Funding UK Medical Research Council, Horizon Europe Program of the European Union, Seventh Framework Programme of the European Union, NHS Grampian Endowments grants, European Partnership for the Assessment of Risks from Chemicals, Swedish Research Council, Formas, Novo Nordisk Foundation, and the Academy of Finland. Copyright (c) 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an Open Access article under the CC BY 4.0 license
Influence of high fat diet and resveratrol supplementation on placental fatty acid uptake in the Japanese macaque$$$ Introduction: Adequate maternal supply and placental delivery of long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) is essential for normal fetal development. In humans, maternal obesity alters placental FA uptake, though the impact of diet remains uncertain. The fatty fetal liver observed in offspring of Japanese macaques fed a high fat diet (HFD) was prevented with resveratrol supplementation during pregnancy. We sought to determine the effect of HFD and resveratrol, a supplement with insulin-sensitizing properties, on placental LCPUFA uptake in this model. Methods: J. macaques were fed control chow (15% fat, n = 5), HFD (35% fat, n = 10) or HFD containing 0.37% resveratrol (n = 5) prior to- and throughout pregnancy. At similar to 130d gestation (term = 173d), placentas were collected by caesarean section. Fatty acid uptake studies using C-14-labeled oleic acid, arachidonic acid (AA) and docosahexanoic acid (DHA) were performed in placental explants. Results: Resveratrol supplementation increased placental uptake of DHA (P < 0.05), while HFD alone had no measurable effect. Resveratrol increased AMP-activated protein kinase activity and mRNA expression of the fatty acid transporters FATP-4, CD36 and FABPpm (P < 0.05). Placental DHA content was decreased in HFD dams; resveratrol had no effect on tissue fatty acid profiles. Discussion: Maternal HFD did not significantly affect placental LCPUFA uptake. Furthermore, resveratrol stimulated placental DHA uptake capacity, AMPK activation and transporter expression. Placental handling of DHA is particularly sensitive to the dramatic alterations in the maternal metabolic phenotype and placental AMPK activity associated with resveratrol supplementation. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Continued Postnatal Administration of Resveratrol Prevents Diet-Induced Metabolic Syndrome in Rat Offspring Born Growth Restricted$$$ OBJECTIVE-A prenatal hypoxic insult leading to intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) increases the susceptibility to develop metabolic syndrome (MetS) later in life. Since resveratrol (Resv), the polyphenol produced by plants, exerts insulin-sensitizing effects, we tested whether Resv could prevent deleterious metabolic effects of being born IUGR. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-Pregnant rats were exposed to either a normoxic (control; 21% O(2)) or a hypoxic (IUGR; 11.5% O(2)) environment during the last third of gestation. After weaning, male offspring were randomly assigned to receive either a high-fat (HF; 45% fat) diet or an HF diet with Resv (4 g/kg diet) for 9 weeks when various parameters of the MetS were measured. RESULTS-Relative to normoxic controls, hypoxia-induced IUGR offspring eveloped a more severe MetS, including glucose intolerance and insulin resistance, increased intra-abdominal fat deposition and intra-abdominal adipocyte size, and increased plasma triacylglycerol (TG) and free fatty acids, as well as peripheral accumulation of TG, diacylglycerol, and ceramides. In only IUGR offspring, the administration of Resv reduced intra-abdominal fat deposition to levels comparable with controls, improved the plasma lipid profile, and reduced accumulation of TG and ceramides in the tissues. Moreover, Resv ameliorated insulin resistance and glucose intolerance as well as impaired Akt signaling in the liver and skeletal muscle of IUGR offspring and activated AMP-activated protein kinase, which likely contributed to improved metabolic parameters in Resv-treated IUGR rats. CONCLUSIONS-Our results suggest that early, postnatal administration of Resv can improve the metabolic profile of HF-fed offspring born from pregnancies complicated by IUGR. Diabetes 60:2274-2284, 2011
Genome-Wide Placental Gene Methylations in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Fetal Growth and Metabolic Health Biomarkers in Cord Blood$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) "program" an elevated risk of metabolic syndrome in the offspring. Epigenetic alterations are a suspected mechanism. GDM has been associated with placental DNA methylation changes in some epigenome-wide association studies. It remains unclear which genes or pathways are affected, and whether any placental differential gene methylations are correlated to fetal growth or circulating metabolic health biomarkers. In an epigenome-wide association study using the Infinium MethylationEPIC Beadchip, we sought to identify genome-wide placental differentially methylated genes and enriched pathways in GDM, and to assess the correlations with fetal growth and metabolic health biomarkers in cord blood. The study samples were 30 pairs of term placentas in GDM vs. euglycemic pregnancies (controls) matched by infant sex and gestational age at delivery in the Shanghai Birth Cohort. Cord blood metabolic health biomarkers included insulin, C-peptide, proinsulin, IGF-I, IGF-II, leptin and adiponectin. Adjusting for maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI, parity, mode of delivery and placental cell type heterogeneity, 256 differentially methylated positions (DMPs,130 hypermethylated and 126 hypomethylated) were detected between GDM and control groups accounting for multiple tests with false discovery rate 0.05. WSCD2 was identified as a differentially methylated gene in both site- and region-level analyses. We validated 7 hypermethylated (CYP1A2, GFRA1, HDAC4, LIMS2, NAV3, PAX6, UPK1B) and 10 hypomethylated (DPP10, CPLX1, CSMD2, GPR133, NRXN1, PCSK9, PENK, PRDM16, PTPRN2, TNXB) genes reported in previous epigenome-wide association studies. We did not find any enriched pathway accounting for multiple tests. DMPs in 11 genes (CYP2D7P1, PCDHB15, ERG, SIRPB1, DKK2, RAPGEF5, CACNA2D4, PCSK9, TSNARE1, CADM2, KCNAB2) were correlated with birth weight (z score) accounting for multiple tests. There were no significant correlations between placental gene methylations and cord blood biomarkers. In conclusions, GDM was associated with DNA methylation changes in a number of placental genes, but these placental gene methylations were uncorrelated to the observed metabolic health biomarkers (fetal growth factors, leptin and adiponectin) in cord blood. We validated 17 differentially methylated placental genes in GDM, and identified 11 differentially methylated genes relevant to fetal growth.
The risk of metabolic derangements is higher in children and adolescents with overweight or obesity born small for gestational age$$$ Background and aims: Birth weight (BW) has been associated with the risk of obesity and metabolic derangements in children and adults. The aims of this study were: i. to evaluate the distribution of BW in a sample of overweight and obese children and adolescents compared with the general reference population; ii. to explore the relationship between the BW and insulin resistance and other cardiometabolic derangements in a population of children and adolescents with overweight and obesity. Methods and results: 710 overweight and obese children and adolescents were recruited and categorized into small (SGA), appropriate (AGA), and large (LGA) for gestational age, according to the BW percentile. Arterial blood pressure, lipid profile, glucose metabolism and hepatic steatosis were evaluated to assess cardiometabolic obesity-related derangements. The distribution of BW categories in our population was significantly different compared with the general population (SGA 6.9% vs. 8.6%, AGA 74.6% vs. 81.4%, LGA 18.5% vs. 10%; p < 0.0001). We found a higher frequency of prediabetes conditions (21.7% vs 8.9%, OR 2.97, 95% CI 1.38-6.38, p = 0.005) and borderline/high low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (31.8% vs 18.6%, OR 2.13, 95% CI 1.09-4.18, p = 0.033) in overweight and obese children born SGA compared to those born non-SGA, independently of age, sex, and BMI. Conclusions: BW is a risk factor of cardiometabolic derangements in a population of children and adolescents with overweight and obesity. Therefore, adequate obesity prevention strategies should be planned for children born SGA to minimize their risk to become obese and to reduce their short- and long-term cardiometabolic risks. (c) 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Analysis of gut bacteriome of <i>in utero</i> arsenic-exposed mice using 16S rRNA-based metagenomic approach$$$ Introduction: Approximately 200 million people worldwide are affected by arsenic toxicity emanating from the consumption of drinking water containing inorganic arsenic above the prescribed maximum contaminant level. The current investigation deals with the role of prenatal arsenic exposure in modulating the gut microbial community and functional pathways of the host.Method: 16S rRNA-based next-generation sequencing was carried out to understand the effects of in utero 0.04 mg/kg (LD) and 0.4 mg/kg (HD) of arsenic exposure. This was carried out from gestational day 15 (GD-15) until the birth of pups to understand the alterations in bacterial diversity.Results: The study focused on gestational exposure to arsenic and the altered gut microbial community at phyla and genus levels, along with diversity indices. A significant decrease in firmicutes was observed in the gut microbiome of mice treated with arsenic. Functional analysis revealed that a shift in genes involved in crucial pathways such as insulin signaling and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease pathways may lead to metabolic diseases in the host.Discussion: The present investigation may hypothesize that in utero arsenic exposure can perturb the gut bacterial composition significantly as well as the functional pathways of the gestationally treated pups. This research paves the way to further investigate the probable mechanistic insights in the field of maternal exposure environments, which may play a key role in epigenetic modulations in developing various disease endpoints in the progeny.
Maternal use of flaxseed oil during pregnancy and lactation prevents morphological alterations in pancreas of female offspring from rat dams with experimental diabetes$$$ Nutritional recommendations have promoted the increased need to consume n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. Flaxseed is the richest dietary source of n-3 fatty acids among plant sources and is widely used for its edible oil. This study aimed to investigate whether maternal use of flaxseed oil has effects on pancreas morphology in the female offspring of diabetic mothers. Female Wistar rats (n = 12) were induced into diabetes by a high-fat diet and low dose of streptozotocin. After confirmation of the diabetes, rats were mated, and once pregnancy was confirmed, they were allocated into three groups (n = 6): high-fat group (HG); flaxseed oil group (FOG); and control group (CG) (non-diabetic rats). At weaning, female offspring (n = 6/group) received standard chow diet. The animals were euthanized at 180 days. Pancreas was collected for histomorphometric and immunohistochemistry analysis. HG showed hypertrophy of pancreatic islets (P < 0.0001), whereas FOG offspring had islets with smaller diameters compared to HG (P < 0.0001). HG offspring showed higher percentage of larger (P = 0.0061) and lower percentage of smaller islets (P = 0.0036). HG showed lower islet insulin immunodensity at 180 days (P < 0.0001), whereas FOG was similar to CG (P < 0.0001). Flaxseed oil reduced the damage caused by maternal hyperglycaemia, promoting normal pancreas histomorphometry and beta-cell mass in female offspring.
Increased Susceptibility to Metabolic Syndrome in Adult Offspring of Angiotensin Type 1 Receptor Autoantibody-Positive Rats$$$ Aims: Abnormal fetal and early postnatal growth is closely associated with adult-onset metabolic syndrome (MetS). However, the underlying etiological factors remain complex. The presence of the autoantibody against the angiotensin II type 1 receptor (AT1-Ab), a known risk factor for pre-eclampsia, may create a suboptimal intrauterine fetal environment. The current study investigated whether middle-aged offspring of AT1-Ab-positive mothers were prone to metabolic disorder development. Results: The AT1-Abs was detected in placental trophoblastic cells, capillary endothelium, and milk of pregnant rats actively immunized with the second extracellular loop of the AT1 receptor. AT1-Abs in newborn rats induced vasoconstriction, increased intracellular-free Ca2+ in vitro, and was undetectable 7 weeks later. Immunized group offspring exhibited increased weight variability and insulin resistance at 40 weeks of age under a normal diet, evidenced by elevated fasting serum insulin and homeostasis model assessment score compared with the vehicle control. To further observe metabolic alterations, the offspring were given a high-sugar diet (containing 20% sucrose) 40-48 weeks postnatally. The fasting plasma glucose in immunized group offspring was markedly increased. Concomitantly, these offspring manifested increased visceral adipose tissue, increased fatty liver, increased triglycerides, decreased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and decreased adiponectin levels, indicative of MetS. Innovation: AT1-Abs could be transferred from mother to offspring via the placenta and milk. Moreover, offspring of an AT1-Ab-positive mother were more vulnerable to MetS development in middle age. Conclusion: AT1-Ab-positivity of mothers during pregnancy is a previously unrecognized "silent" risk factor for MetS development in their offspring. Antioxid. Redox Signal. 17, 733-743.
Association of maternal gut microbial metabolites with gestational diabetes mellitus: evidence from an original case-control study, meta-analysis, and Mendelian randomization$$$ BackgroundThe associations of gut microbial metabolites, such as trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO), its precursors, and phenylacetylglutamine (PAGln), with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remain unclear.MethodsSerum samples of 201 women with GDM and 201 matched controls were collected and then targeted metabolomics was performed to examine the metabolites of interest. Multivariable conditional logistic regression was applied to investigate the relationship between metabolites and GDM. Meta-analysis was performed to combine our results and four similar articles searched from online databases, and Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was eventually conducted to explore the causalities.ResultsIn the case-control study, after dichotomization and comparing the higher versus the lower group, the adjusted odds ratio and 95% confidence interval of choline and L-carnitine with GDM were 2.124 (1.186-3.803) and 0.293 (0.134-0.638), respectively; but neutral relationships between TMAO, betaine, and PAGln with GDM were observed. The following meta-analysis consistently revealed that L-carnitine was negatively associated with GDM. However, MR analyses showed no evidence of causalities.ConclusionsMaternal levels of L-carnitine were related to the risk of GDM in both the original case-control study and meta-analysis. However, we did not observe any genetic evidence to establish a causal relationship between this metabolite and GDM.
Metabolic impact of bile acids in gestation$$$ Bile acids are lipid-solubilising molecules that also regulate metabolic processes. Farnesoid X receptor (FXR) and Takeda G-protein coupled receptor 5 (TGRS) are two bile acid receptors with key metabolic roles. FXR regulates bile acid synthesis in the liver and influences bile acid uptake in the intestine. TGR5 is mainly involved in regulation of signalling pathways in response to bile acid uptake in the gut and therefore prandial response. Both FXR and TGRS have potential as therapeutic targets for disorders of glucose and/or lipid homeostasis. Gestation is also known to cause small increases in bile acid concentrations, but physiological hypercholanaemia of pregnancy is usually not sufficient to cause any clinically relevant effects. This review focuses on how gestation alters bile acid homeostasis, which can become pathological if the elevation of maternal serum bile acids is more marked than physiological hypercholanaemia, and on the influence of FXR and TGR5 function in pregnancy on glucose and lipid metabolism. This will be discussed with reference to two gestational disorders: intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), a disease where bile acids are pathologically elevated, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), characterised by hyperglycaemia during pregnancy.
Trimethylamine <i>N</i>-Oxide Metabolites in Early Pregnancy and Risk of Gestational Diabetes: A Nested Case-Control Study$$$ Objectives: This study aimed to investigate the associations between trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO) and related metabolites in early pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Design: A prospective cohort of 22,302 pregnant women from 2010 to 2012 in Tianjin, China, was used to perform a nested case-control study. A total of 243 women with GDM and 243 women without GDM matched by maternal age (+/- 1 year) were used as cases and controls, respectively. Conditional logistic regression and restricted cubic spline were used to examine the full-range risk associations between individual TMAOs metabolites at the first antenatal care visit with GDM. Trimethylamine conversion ratio (TMA(R)) was defined as trimethylamine (TMA)/its precursors, and trimethylamine N-oxide conversion ratio (TMAO(R)) was defined as TMAO/TMA. An additive interaction between high TMA(R) and low TMAO(R) indicates a state of TMA accumulation, and a mathematical interaction between high TMA(R) and high TMAO R indicates accumulation of TMAO. Results: TMA was linearly associated with GDM, whereas TMA precursors and TMAO were inversely associated with GDM with clear threshold effects, i.e., 16 nmol/mL for TMAO, 200 nmol/mL for betaine, 112 nmol/mL for L-carnitine, and 110 and 270 nmol/mL for cholinechloride (a U-shaped relationship). Copresence of TMA(R) >0.35 and TMAO(R) <0.15 was associated with a markedly higher OR (11.16; 95% CI, 5.45 to 22.8), compared with TMA(R) >0.35 only (OR = 1.71; 95% CI, 0.42 to 6.95) or TMAO(R) <= 0.15 only (OR = 2.06; 95% CI, 1.09 to 3.90), with a significant additive interaction. However, the mathematical interaction was nonsignificant. Conclusions: TMAO metabolites in the early pregnancy were associated with the risk of GDM, whereas TMA was more likely to play a causal role in GDM.
Long-chain 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency: Variable expressivity of maternal illness during pregnancy and unusual presentation with infantile cholestasis and hypocalcaemia$$$ Patients with long-chain 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase (LCHAD) deficiency present with a Reye-like syndrome, cardiomyopathy, or sudden unexpected death. We describe an unusual presentation in a patient with unsuspected LCHAD deficiency. The proband presented at 2 months of age with an acute infantile hypocalcaemia and vitamin D deficiency associated with occult, unexplained cholestatic liver disease. Sudden, unexpected death occurred at 8 months. Molecular analysis revealed homozygosity for the prevalent LCHAD (1528G > C, E474Q) mutation. The mother had pre-eclampsia during the third trimester of her pregnancy. In a subsequent pregnancy, she developed severe acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP) and intrauterine fetal death at 33 weeks of gestation. In conclusion, infantile hypocalcaemia is an unusual phenotype associated with LCHAD deficiency. The maternal pregnancy history documents that fetal LCHAD deficiency is associated with a spectrum of maternal illnesses ranging from pre-eclampsia to life-threatening AFLP.
Thyroid Dysfunction and Diabetes Mellitus: Two Closely Associated Disorders$$$ Thyroid dysfunction and diabetes mellitus are closely linked. Several studies have documented the increased prevalence of thyroid disorders in patients with diabetes mellitus and vice versa. This review critically discusses the different underlying mechanisms linking type 1 and 2 diabetes and thyroid dysfunction to demonstrate that the association of these two common disorders is unlikely a simple coincidence. We assess the current state of knowledge on the central and peripheral control of thyroid hormone on food intake and glucose and lipid metabolism in target tissues (such as liver, white and brown adipose tissue, pancreatic beta cells, and skeletal muscle) to explain the mechanism linking overt and subclinical hypothyroidism to type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome. We also elucidate the common susceptibility genes and the pathogenetic mechanisms contributing to the autoimmune mechanism involved in the onset of type 1 diabetes mellitus and autoimmune thyroid disorders. An untreated thyroid dysfunction can impair the metabolic control of diabetic patients, and this association can have important repercussions on the outcome of both of these disorders. Therefore, we offer recommendations for the diagnosis, management, and screening of thyroid disorders in patients with diabetes mellitus, including the treatment of diabetic patients planning a pregnancy. We also discuss the major causes of failure to achieve an optimal management of thyroid dysfunction in diabetic patients and provide recommendations for assessing and treating these disorders during therapy with antidiabetic drugs. An algorithm for a correct approach of these disorders when linked is also provided.
Higher Maternal Gestational Glucose Concentration Is Associated with Lower Offspring Insulin Sensitivity and Altered β-Cell Function$$$ Context: Intrauterine exposure to elevated glucose concentrations may be a mediating factor in prenatal programming of offspring diabetes risk. However, studies examining the effects of maternal glucose concentration on measures of insulin sensitivity and beta-cell response in prepubertal children are limited. Objective: We tested the hypothesis that maternal gestational glucose concentration would be inversely associated with children's insulin sensitivity independent of adiposity and positively associated with children's beta-cell response independent of adiposity and insulin sensitivity. Design, Setting, and Participants: This was a cross-sectional study of 21 children aged 5-10 yr in a clinical research setting. Outcomes Measured: Children's insulin sensitivity index and basal, static, dynamic, and total beta-cell response to glucose were determined by mathematical modeling using insulin, glucose, and C-peptide values after a liquid meal tolerance test. Children's percent body fat was determined by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Maternal gestational glucose concentration for the target pregnancy was determined after a 50-g, 1-h oral glucose challenge test at 24-28 wk gestation. Results: Maternal glucose concentration was significantly, inversely associated with children's insulin sensitivity, independent of percent fat and ethnicity (P < 0.05). A significant, positive association was observed for maternal glucose concentration with static beta-cell response, independent of percent fat and insulin sensitivity (P < 0.05). Conclusions: Maternal gestational glucose concentration was significantly associated with offspring insulin sensitivity and beta-cell response independent of adiposity. These results suggest that maternal glucose may program the fetus both at the pancreas and at the level of insulin target tissues such as skeletal muscle and liver. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 96: E803-E809, 2011)
FAMILIAL SYNDROME OF PROGRESSIVE CONE DYSTROPHY, DEGENERATIVE LIVER-DISEASE AND ENDOCRINE DYSFUNCTION .2. CLINICAL AND METABOLIC STUDIES$$$ Six females from 2 sibships in a family with a high degree of consanguinity and a male from another family are described: all have a new syndrome of total color blindness (progressive cone dystrophy), liver degeneration and endocrine dysfunction. The patients showed endocrine defects at different levels of regulation. None of the patients had children; 2 were probably infertile and 3 had had repeated abortions. Two patients had primary hypothyroidism and another 2 had low normal thyroid function with protracted thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) test response, indicating a hypothalamic disorder. A defect in the ACTH reserve was found in 2 patients. Diabetes mellitus of the "maturity-onset type diabetes of the young" was observed in 3 patients, and a 4th had a borderline glucose tolerance with further impairment during pregnancy. Hypertension was observed in the diabetic patients. Diabetes was seldom present among the relatives, but hypertension occurred frequently. Four of the patients had liver degeneration, demonstrated by elevated transaminases and unspecific parenchymal degeneration, fatty infiltration and isolated liver cell necrosis in the biopsy. All the patients, except the youngest, had progressive hearing loss, classified in 4 cases as neurogenous and probably cochlear. In the boy, the hearing loss was a neurogenous congenital hypacusis. There were several cases of hearing defects among the relatives, so it is difficult to relate this to the syndrome. Enlarged sella turcica were found in 3, and in 1 of these an "empty sella" was demonstrated by surgery. Elevated creatine phosphokinase was also observed. All the different lesions suggest a systemic disorder, possibly a membrane defect.
Maternal high fat diets: impacts on offspring obesity and epigenetic hypothalamic programming$$$ Maternal high-fat diet (HFD) during pregnancy is associated with rapid weight gain and fetal fat mass increase at an early stage. Also, HFD during pregnancy can cause the activation of proinflammatory cytokines. Maternal insulin resistance and inflammation lead to increased adipose tissue lipolysis, and also increased free fatty acid (FFA) intake during pregnancy ((>)35% of energy from fat) cause a significant increase in FFA levels in the fetus. However, both maternal insulin resistance and HFD have detrimental effects on adiposity in early life. As a result of these metabolic alterations, excess fetal lipid exposure may affect fetal growth and development. On the other hand, increase in blood lipids and inflammation can adversely affect the development of the liver, adipose tissue, brain, skeletal muscle, and pancreas in the fetus, increasing the risk for metabolic disorders. In addition, maternal HFD is associated with changes in the hypothalamic regulation of body weight and energy homeostasis by altering the expression of the leptin receptor, POMC, and neuropeptide Y in the offspring, as well as altering methylation and gene expression of dopamine and opioid-related genes which cause changes in eating behavior. All these maternal metabolic and epigenetic changes may contribute to the childhood obesity epidemic through fetal metabolic programming. Dietary interventions, such as limiting dietary fat intake <35% with appropriate fatty acid intake during the gestation period are the most effective type of intervention to improve the maternal metabolic environment during pregnancy. Appropriate nutritional intake during pregnancy should be the principal goal in reducing the risks of obesity and metabolic disorders.
Severe gestational diabetes mellitus in lean dams is associated with low IL-1α levels and affects the growth of the juvenile mouse offspring$$$ We investigated how maternal gestational diabetes (GDM) impacts the metabolic status of offspring. GDM was induced in CD1 mice consuming a fast-food diet (FFD) by repeated low-dose streptozotocin injections before mating. Offspring of normoglycemic standard chow or the FFD consuming dams served as controls. In 4-week-old offspring weaned to standard chow, plasma concentrations of extracellular DNA, inflammatory markers, and parameters of the cardiometabolic status (glycemia, liver lipid content; body, organ, and fat weight) were determined. Two-factor analysis of variance indicated that the male offspring of GDM dams manifest postnatal growth retardation and lower relative kidney weight. Regardless of sex, GDM offspring manifest the lowest IL-1 alpha levels, and other inflammatory markers showed mild and inconsistent alterations. Offspring of dams consuming the FFD displayed higher liver triacylglycerols content. The three groups of offspring showed no significant differences in glycemia and extracellular DNA. Partial least squares-discriminant analysis indicated that male GDM offspring present lower kidney, body, and brown adipose tissue weights; lower IL-1 alpha levels, and higher concentrations of GM-CSF and IL-10 compared with their FFD counterparts. The model failed to select discriminative variables in females. In conclusion, in mice, maternal GDM in the absence of obesity adversely affects the early growth of juvenile male offspring.
Prenatal Metformin Exposure in Mice Programs the Metabolic Phenotype of the Offspring during a High Fat Diet at Adulthood$$$ Aims: The antidiabetic drug metformin is currently used prior and during pregnancy for polycystic ovary syndrome, as well as during gestational diabetes mellitus. We investigated the effects of prenatal metformin exposure on the metabolic phenotype of the offspring during adulthood in mice. Methods: Metformin (300 mg/kg) or vehicle was administered orally to dams on regular diet from the embryonic day E0.5 to E17.5. Gene expression profiles in liver and brain were analysed from 4-day old offspring by microarray. Body weight development and several metabolic parameters of offspring were monitored both during regular diet (RD-phase) and high fat diet (HFD-phase). At the end of the study, two doses of metformin or vehicle were given acutely to mice at the age of 20 weeks, and Insig-1 and GLUT4 mRNA expressions in liver and fat tissue were analysed using qRT-PCR. Results: Metformin exposed fetuses were lighter at E18.5. There was no effect of metformin on the maternal body weight development or food intake. Metformin exposed offspring gained more body weight and mesenteric fat during the HFD-phase. The male offspring also had impaired glucose tolerance and elevated fasting glucose during the HFD-phase. Moreover, the expression of GLUT4 mRNA was down-regulated in epididymal fat in male offspring prenatally exposed to metformin. Based on the microarray and subsequent qRT-PCR analyses, the expression of Insig-1 was changed in the liver of neonatal mice exposed to metformin prenatally. Furthermore, metformin up-regulated the expression of Insig-1 later in development. Gene set enrichment analysis based on preliminary microarray data identified several differentially enriched pathways both in control and metformin exposed mice. Conclusions: The present study shows that prenatal metformin exposure causes long-term programming effects on the metabolic phenotype during high fat diet in mice. This should be taken into consideration when using metformin as a therapeutic agent during pregnancy.
Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome: Impact on Adult and Fetal Health$$$ Women with the polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) may have an increased risk for complications in pregnancy including miscarriage, gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, higher rates of cesarean delivery, and abnormalities in fetal growth. In addition, PCOS has been associated with the development of type II diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, obstructive sleep apnea, endometrial cancer, depression and anxiety, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. In understanding that PCOS is a disease impacting more than just a woman's fertility, prevention and early identification of risk factors for affiliated conditions is essential.
Impact of Gut-Brain Axis on Hepatobiliary Diseases in Fetal Programming$$$ The hepatobiliary system is vital for the biotransformation and disposition of endogenous molecules. Any impairment in the normal functioning of the hepatobiliary system leads to a spectrum of hepatobiliary diseases (HBDs), such as liver cirrhosis, fatty liver, biliary dyskinesia, gallbladder cancer, etc. Especially in pregnancy, HBD may result in increased maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. Maternal HBD is a burden to the fetus's growth, complicates fetal development, and risks the mother's life. In fetal programming, the maternal mechanism is significantly disturbed by multiple factors (especially diet) that influence the development of the fetus and increase the frequency of metabolic diseases later in life. Additionally, maternal under-nutrition or over-nutrition (especially in high-fat, high-carbohydrate, or protein-rich diets) lead to dysregulation in gut hormones (CCK, GLP-1, etc.), microbiota metabolite production (SCFA, LPS, TMA, etc.), neurotransmitters (POMC, NPY, etc.), and hepatobiliary signaling (insulin resistance, TNF-a, SREBPs, etc.), which significantly impact fetal programming. Recently, biotherapeutics have provided a new horizon for treating HBD during fetal programming to save the lives of the mother and fetus. This review focuses on how maternal impaired hepatobiliary metabolic signaling leads to disease transmission to the fetus mediated through the gut-brain axis.
Gender Differences and Cardiometabolic Risk: The Importance of the Risk Factors$$$ Metabolic syndrome (Mets) is a clinical condition characterized by a cluster of major risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes: proatherogenic dyslipidemia, elevated blood pressure, dysglycemia, and abdominal obesity. Each risk factor has an independent effect, but, when aggregated, they become synergistic, doubling the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases and causing a 1.5-fold increase in all-cause mortality. We will highlight gender differences in the epidemiology, etiology, pathophysiology, and clinical expression of the aforementioned Mets components. Moreover, we will discuss gender differences in new biochemical markers of metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular risk.
Gestation Food Restriction and Refeeding Compensate Maternal Energy Status and Alleviate Metabolic Consequences in Juvenile Offspring in a Rabbit Model$$$ Nutritional status during gestation can influence mother and offspring metabolism. Undernutrition in pregnancy affects women in both western and developing countries, and it is associated with a high prevalence of chronic diseases in later life. The present work was conducted in the rabbit model, as a longitudinal study, to examine the effect of food restriction during early and mid-gestation, and re-feeding ad libitum until the end of pregnancy on metabolic status and body reserves of mother and, its association with development and metabolism of fetuses and female offspring to the juvenile stage. Little changes in live body weight (LBW), compensatory feed intake, similar body reserves, and metabolism were observed in dams. Placenta biometry and efficiency were slightly affected, but fetal BW and phenotype were not modified. However, hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, and hypertriglyceridemia were demonstrated in pre-term fetuses. In the juvenile period, these changes were not evidenced, and a similar pattern of growth and serum metabolic parameters in offspring of food-restricted mothers were found, except in serum aminotransferases levels, which increased. These were associated with higher liver fibrosis. Maternal food restriction in the early and mid-pregnancy followed by re-feeding in our rabbit model established a compensatory energy status in dams and alleviated potential long-term consequences in growth and metabolism in the offspring, even if fetal metabolism was altered.
Could post-weaning dietary chia seed mitigate the development of dyslipidemia, liver steatosis and altered glucose homeostasis in offspring exposed to a sucrose-rich diet from utero to adulthood?$$$ The present work analyzes the effects of dietary chia seeds during postnatal life in offspring exposed to a sucrose-rich diet (SRD) from utero to adulthood. At weaning, chia seed (rich in alpha-linolenic acid) replaced corn oil (rich in linoleic acid) in the SRD. At 150 days of offspring life, anthropometrical parameters, blood pressure, plasma metabolites, hepatic lipid metabolism and glucose homeostasis, were analyzed. Results showed that chia was able to prevent the development of hypertension, liver steatosis, hypertriglyceridemia and hypercholesterolemia. Normal triacylglycerol secretion and triacylglycerol clearance were accompanied by an improvement of de novo hepatic lipogenic and carnitine-palmitoyl transferase-1 enzymatic activities, associated with an accretion of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the total composition of liver homogenate. Glucose homeostasis and plasma free fatty acid levels were improved while visceral adiposity was slightly decreased. These results confirm that the incorporation of chia seed in the diet in postnatal life may provide a viable therapeutic option for preventing/mitigating adverse outcomes induced by an SRD from utero to adulthood.
Relationship between Blood Metabolic Hormones, Metabolites and Energy Balance in Simmental Dairy Cows during Peripartum period and Lactation$$$ The objective of the present study was to investigate the metabolic and endocrine status in Simmental dairy cows during peripartum period and mid lactation based on the relationships between blood growth hormone (GH), insulin, triiodothyrinine (T3), thyroxine (T4), glucose, beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB), non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), total lipid (TL), triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol, total protein (TP), albumin (ALB), urea and energy balance (EB). Fifteen late pregnant, 15 early lactation and 15 mid lactation cows were chosen for the analysis. Blood metabolic hormones, metabolites and EB were recorded. Early lactation cows had higher serum concentrations of GH, NEFA, BHB, TL and lower blood serum concentrations of T3, glucose, TG, total cholesterol, albumin and urea compared to late pregnant and/or mid lactation cows (P<0.05). Correlations between most hormones and metabolites were dependent (P<0.05) on the EB of cows, but this factor becomes unimportant under certain circumstances, depending on lactation period. Accordingly, correlations between insulin, BHB or NEFA and other parameters were not solely dependent on the EB, which may be associated with insulin resistance and fatty liver developing in cows. (C) 2014 PVJ. All rights reserved
Minireview: Epigenetic Programming of Diabetes and Obesity: Animal Models$$$ A growing body of evidence suggests that the intrauterine (IU) environment has a significant and lasting effect on the long-term health of the growing fetus and the development of metabolic disease in later life as put forth in the fetal origins of disease hypothesis. Metabolic diseases have been associated with alterations in the epigenome that occur without changes in the DNA sequence, such as cytosine methylation of DNA, histone posttranslational modifications, and microRNA. Animal models of epigenetic modifications secondary to an altered IU milieu are an invaluable tool to study the mechanisms that determine the development of metabolic diseases, such as diabetes and obesity. Rodent and nonlitter bearing animals are good models for the study of disease, because they have similar embryology, anatomy, and physiology to humans. Thus, it is feasible to monitor and modify the IU environment of animal models in order to gain insight into the molecular basis of human metabolic disease pathogenesis. In this review, the database of PubMed was searched for articles published between 1999 and 2011. Key words included epigenetic modifications, IU growth retardation, small for gestational age, animal models, metabolic disease, and obesity. The inclusion criteria used to select studies included animal models of epigenetic modifications during fetal and neonatal development associated with adult metabolic syndrome. Experimental manipulations included: changes in the nutritional status of the pregnant female (calorie-restricted, high-fat, or low-protein diets during pregnancy), as well as the father; interference with placenta function, or uterine blood flow, environmental toxin exposure during pregnancy, as well as dietary modifications during the neonatal (lactation) as well as pubertal period. This review article is focused solely on studies in animal models that demonstrate epigenetic changes that are correlated with manifestation of metabolic disease, including diabetes and/or obesity. (Endocrinology 153: 1031-1038, 2012)
Use of cod liver oil during pregnancy associated with lower risk of Type I diabetes in the offspring$$$ Aims/hypothesis. To test whether cod liver oil or vitamin D supplements either taken by the mother during pregnancy or by the child in the first year of Life is associated with lower risk of Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in children. Methods. We carried out a population-based case control study in Vest-Agder county of Norway, evaluating the use of supplements by a mailed questionnaire. We received responses from 85 diabetic subjects and 1071 control subjects. Odds ratios (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated using logistic regression analyses. Results. When mothers took cod liver oil during pregnancy their offspring had a lower risk of diabetes. The unadjusted OR was 0.30, 95% CI: (0.12 to 0.75), p = 0.01. This association changed very little and was still significant after adjusting for age, sex, breastfeeding and maternal education. Mothers taking multivitamin supplements during pregnancy [adjusted OR = 1.11, 95% CI: (0.69 to 1.77)], infants taking cod liver oil in the first year of life [adjusted OR = 0.82, 95% CI: (0.47 to 1.42) and the use of other vitamin D supplements in the first year of life [adjusted OR = 1.27, 95 % CI: (0.70 to 2.31)] was significantly associated with the risk of diabetes. Conclusion/interpretation. We found that cod liver oil taken during pregnancy was associated with reduced risk of Type I diabetes in the offspring. This suggests that vitamin D or the n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in the cod liver oil, or both, have a protective effect aginst Type I diabetes.
Effects of identical weight loss on body composition and features of insulin resistance in obese women with high and low liver fat content$$$ Our objective was to determine how 8% weight loss influences subcutaneous, intra-abdominal, and liver fat (LFAT), as well as features of insulin resistance, in obese women with high versus low LFAT. A total of 23 women with previous gestational diabetes were divided into groups of high (9.4 +/- 1.4%) and low (3.3 +/- 0.4%) LFAT based on their median LFAT (5%) measured with proton spectroscopy. Both groups were similar with respect to age, BMI, and intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat. Before weight loss, women with high LFAT had higher fasting serum insulin and triglyceride concentrations than women with low LFAT. At baseline, LFAT correlated with the percent of fat (r = 0.44, P < 0.05) and saturated fat (r = 0.45, P < 0.05) of total caloric intake but not intra-abdominal or subcutaneous fat or fasting serum free fatty acids. Weight loss was similar between the groups (high LFAT -7.4 +/- 0.2 vs. low LFAT -7.7 +/- 0.3 kg). LFAT decreased from 9.4 +/- 1.4 to 4.8 +/- 0.7% (P < 0.001) in women with high LFAT and from 3.3 +/- 0.4 to 2.0 +/- 0.2% (P < 0.001) in women with low LFAT. The absolute decrease in LFAT was significantly higher in women with high than low LFAT (- 4.6 +/- 1.0 vs. - 1.3 +/- 0.3%, P < 0.005). The decrease in LFAT was closely correlated with baseline LFAT (r = -0.85, P < 0.001) but not with changes in the volumes of intra-abdominal or subcutaneous fat depots, which decreased similarly in both groups. LFAT appears to be related to the amount of fat in the diet rather than the size of endogenous fat depots in obese women. Women with initially high LFAT lost more LFAT by similar weight loss than those with low LFAT, although both groups lost similar amounts of subcutaneous and intra-abdominal fat. These data suggest that LFAT is regulated by factors other than intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat. Therefore, LFAT does not appear to simply reflect the size of endogenous fat stores.
Maternal high fat diet consumption reduces liver alpha7 nicotinic cholinergic receptor expression and impairs insulin signalling in the offspring$$$ The activation of nicotinic acetylcholine receptor alpha 7 subunit (alpha 7nAChR) has been associated to anti-inflammatory response in macrophages. High-fat diet (HFD) consumption during pregnancy and lactation impairs the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway in liver and white adipose tissue of offspring. In order to evaluate the relationship between damage in the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway and insulin resistance (IR) development, the liver of offspring of obese dams was investigated. Additionally, the capacity of alpha 7nAChR activation to reduce IR induced by saturated fatty acid was investigated in hepatoma cell line. Initially, female mice were subjected to either standard chow (SC) or HFD during pregnancy and lactation period. After weaning, only male offspring from HFD dams (HFD-O) and SC dams (SC-O) were fed with the SC diet. Hepatic alpha 7nAChR expression was downregulated, and hepatic TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta, and pIKK level, but not pJNK, were elevated in the HFD-O compared to SC-O mice. Besides, hepatic expression of TNF-alpha in response to lipopolysaccharide (LPS) was higher in HFD-O than SC-O mice. Insulin-stimulated phosphorylation of the AKT was lower in HFD-O compared to SC-O. Additionally, insulin-stimulated phosphorylation of the AKT in KO alpha 7(Alb-Cre) mice fed HFD was lower than WT mice fed HFD. In hepatoma cell line, palmitate increased IL-6 and TNF-alpha expressions and pJNK level. These effects were accompanied by reduced capacity of insulin to stimulate AKT phosphorylation. PNU or nicotine reduced cytokine expression and JNK activation, but improved insulin resistance induced by palmitate. Our results suggest that maternal obesity impairs hepatic alpha 7nAChR expression and AKT phosphorylation in the offspring. In vitro studies suggest that alpha 7nAChR activation has potential to reduce deleterious effect of saturated fatty acids on insulin signalling.
Signaling pathways that regulate adaptive β-cell proliferation for the treatment of diabetes$$$ The decline in beta-cell mass due to the failure of beta-cell compensation is one cause of the development of type 2 diabetes. Therefore, elucidation of the mechanism by which an adaptive increase in beta-cell mass occurs in vivo will lead to the development of a cure for diabetes. Insulin and insulin receptor (IR)-mediated signaling pathways play an important role in the mechanism that increases beta-cell mass by compensatory beta-cell proliferation in response to chronic insulin resistance. However, whether IR is required for compensatory beta-cell proliferation remains controversial in some situations. It might be possible that IR acts as a scaffold for the signaling complex independent of its ligand. It has also been reported that the forkhead box protein M1/polo-like kinase 1/centromere protein A pathway plays a central role in adaptive beta-cell proliferation during diet-induced obesity, hyperglycemia, pregnancy, aging and acute insulin resistance. We recently reported that the cross-talk of islets with fat tissue, in addition to the liver, through humoral factors is involved in adaptive beta-cell proliferation. This accommodative response of beta-cell proliferation through adipocytes was observed particularly under an acute insulin resistance state in an IR/insulin signal-independent and forkhead box protein M1/polo-like kinase 1/centromere protein A pathway-dependent manner. A remaining barrier for the treatment of human diabetes using beta-cells is the differences between human and rodent islets. In this review, the focus is on signaling pathways that regulate adaptive beta-cell proliferation for the treatment of diabetes considering the abovementioned issues.
PANCREATIC AND EXTRA-PANCREATIC EFFECTS OF INCRETINS AND PERSPECTIVES FOR STUDYING ENTEROINSULIN HORMONAL SYSTEM DURING GESTATIONAL DISORDER OF CARBOHYDRATE METABOLISM$$$ The absence of an ideal medicine for the treatment of patients with type 2 diabetes, that would be able to provide not only high quality and constant monitoring of glycemia without increasing body weight, with no risk of hypoglycemia, with no negative impact on the heart, kidneys, liver, but could also ensure the preservation of the secretory function of beta-cells, makes scientists continue to search for new opportunities to influence the occurrence and progression of T2D. Gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP) and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) are the two primary incretin hormones secreted from the intestine on ingestion of glucose or nutrients to stimulate insulin secretion from pancreatic beta-cells. Within the pancreas, GIP and GLP-1 together promote beta-cell proliferation and inhibit apoptosis, thereby expanding pancreatic beta-cell mass, while GIP enhances postprandial glucagon response and GLP-1 suppresses it. In adipose tissues, GIP but not GLP-1 facilitates fat deposition. In bone, GIP promotes bone formation while GLP-1 inhibits bone absorption. In the brain, both GIP and GLP-1 are thought to be involved in memory formation as well as the control of appetite. In addition to these differences, secretion of GIP and GLP-1 and their insulinotropic effects on beta-cells have been shown to differ in patients with type 2 diabetes compared to healthy subjects. Enteroinsulin hormones' role in the development of gestational disorder of carbohydrate metabolism is poorly understood. In a review article we analyze the publications that summarize what is known about the pancreatic and extra-pancreatic GIP and GLP-1-effects compared with healthy subjects and type 2 diabetes patients. The aspects of gestational diabetes pathophysiology and the perspectives for studying enteroinsulin hormonal system during pregnancy are also discussed in the article.
Decrease of aminotransferase levels in obese women is related to body weight reduction, irrespective of type of diet$$$ Objective. To evaluate the efficacy of low carbohydrate diet (LCD) as compared with low fat diet (LFD) to decrease aminotransferase levels in obese women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Material and methods. A total of 59 women were randomly enrolled in a non-controlled clinical intervention study to receive either LCD or LED during six months. Apparently healthy non-pregnant obese women aged 20 to 65 years were eligible to participate. Previous diagnosis of hepatic disease, serum creatinine level >= 1.5 mg/dL, severe life-limiting medical illness, pregnancy, active participation in other dietary program, use of weight loss drugs, or alcohol consumption >= 30 g per day were exclusion criteria. Results. A total of 31 obese women who received LCD were compared with 28 women allocated in the LFD group. There were 3 (LCD group) and 2 (LFD group) women with lost of follow-up. No differences in the proportion of type 2 diabetes, hypertension and hyperlipidemia were noted between women in the LCD and LED groups. At end of follow-up, there were not significant statistical differences in the anthropometric and biochemical characteristics between women in both groups. The weight loss was 5.7 and 5.5% for women in the LCD LED groups. Although the decrease of AST (31.7 and 22.4%) and ALT (41 and 33.3%) levels was more elevated in the women of LCD group, as compared with the LED group, there were not significant statistical differences. Conclusions. Our results show that weight loss, irrespective of the type of diet, reduces aminotransferase levels in obese women with NAFLD.
The effect of maternal T1DM on the fatty acid composition of erythrocyte phosphatidylcholine and phosphatidyethanolamine in infants during early life$$$ Background The risk for type 1 diabetes (T1DM) in children of mothers with T1DM is different to that in children of fathers with T1DM. Fatty acid (FA) intake, in particular EPA and DHA, has been associated with T1DM risk and has been suggested to be inadequate in infants of diabetic mothers. We asked, therefore, whether EPA and DHA FA nutritional status in offspring of mothers with T1DM could contribute to their reduced T1DM risk. Methods BABYDIET follows children with increased genetic and familial risk for T1DM from birth to age 3 years. FA nutritional state was assessed by determining the erythrocyte membrane phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) and phosphatidylcholine (PC) composition in children of T1DM mothers and children of T1DM fathers or with T1DM siblings participating in the BABYDIET study. Samples for determination of erythrocyte membrane FA composition were collected at ages 3 and 12 months in 48 and 49 infants, respectively. FA measurements were adjusted for breastfeeding duration, FA supplementation, and gluten exposure. Results 3-months-old children of T1DM mothers and T1DM fathers/sibs had similar levels of PC DHA and EPA (DHA 1.53 +/- 0.23 vs. 1.65 +/- 0.11 wt.%; EPA 0.15 +/- 0.02 vs. 0.21 +/- 0.03 wt.%) and PE DHA and EPA (DHA 7.54 +/- 0.37 vs. 7.92 +/- 0.38 wt.%; EPA 0.53 +/- 0.06 vs. 0.61 +/- 0.04 wt.%). No differences were also observed after stratification for breastfeeding. At age 12 months, a minor reduction of PE DHA was observed in children of T1DM mothers. Expected higher levels for DHA and EPA in fully breastfed children and in children of mothers taking fish oil supplementation were observed at 3 months in all children. Other differences included increased levels of the major saturated FA 16:0 in 3-months-old infants from T1DM mothers (PC 35.45 +/- 0.35 vs. 33.89 +/- 0.26 wt.%, mean +/- SEM, P (corr) = 0.005; PE 16.13 +/- 0.39 vs. 14.93 +/- 0.24 wt.%, P (corr) = 0.05). Conclusions Although FA status was not identical in children from T1DM mothers and from T1DM fathers, maternal T1DM was not associated with changes in offspring's EPA and DHA incorporation into erythrocyte membrane.
Cardiometabolic Risk, Peripheral Arterial Disease and Cardiovascular Events in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Time to Implement Systematic Screening and Update the Management$$$ Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a highly prevalent endocrine disorder in women of reproductive age. It presents with gynaecologic, metabolic, and psychologic manifestations. The dominant drivers of pathophysiology are hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance. Both conditions are related to cardiometabolic risk factors, such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, hyperglycaemia, type 2 and gestational diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and obstructive sleep apnoea. Women with PCOS of reproductive age consistently demonstrated an elevated risk of subclinical atherosclerosis, as indicated by different measurement methods, while findings for menopausal age groups exhibited mixed results. Translation of subclinical atherosclerosis into the increased incidence of peripheral arterial disease and major cardiovascular (CV) events is less clear. Although several expert groups have advised screening, the CV risk assessment and prevention of CV events are frequently underdiagnosed and overlooked aspects of the management of PCOS. A combination of lifestyle management and pharmacotherapy, including the promising new era of anti-obesity medicine, can lead to improvements in cardiometabolic health.
Glucose and lipid homeostasis in adult rat is impaired by early-life exposure to perfluorooctane sulfonate$$$ Perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS), which belongs to the degradation product of many perfluorinated compounds, is on the list of persistent organic pollutants (POPs) and is currently detected in both wildlife and humans. The consequence of gestational and lactational exposure to PFOS on prediabetes effect in offspring was investigated in rats in the present study. Maternal rats were treated with vehicle, 0.5 mg/kg/day or 1.5 mg/kg/day PFOS respectively from gestation day 0 to postnatal day 21. The glucose and lipid metabolism effects were investigated on the offspring in adulthood. The gestational and lactational exposure to PFOS led to low body weight from birth to weaning, and evoked signs of a prediabetic state, with elevated fasting serum insulin and leptin level, impaired glucose tolerance, though the fasting serum glucose and glycosylated serum protein level were normal. Abnormal lipid homeostasis was also observed by the phenomenon of hepatic steatosis and increased gonadal fat pad weight. However, the circulating serum level of fasting triglyceride and cholesterol level were no different from controls. Our results suggested that developmental exposure to PFOS may contribute to glucose and lipid metabolic disorder in adulthood. (c) 2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. Environ Toxicol 28: 532-542, 2013.
Adipokine-myokine-hepatokine compartment-system in mothers and children: An explorative study$$$ Objective: Maternal lifestyle during pregnancy has an effect of gestational development and neonatal outcome. Overweight gravidas and gravidas with excessive weight gain have an increased risk of gestational complications and neonatal metabolic disorder. The underlying mechanisms are still under discussion, but the hormonally active fat mass and its biomarkers, adipocytokines, may play a key role by potentially having a direct impact on the metabolic homeostasis of the system in concert with other biomarkers like hepatokines and myokines. Up to now little is known in terms of lifestyle habits and their effect on this complex model on maternal and fetal outcome. Therefore, we aim to investigate the influence of maternal lifestyle clusters during pregnancy on the maternal and fetal biomarkers of compartments, specifically those implying maternal fat and muscle mass, maternal liver and the placenta and who are associated with maternal body composition and birth weight. Methods: In this exploratory pilot study at least 100 singleton pregnancies and their newborns will be included. The women will undergo assessments of anthropometric measurements, venous blood samples will be drawn and physical activity and nutritional status will be collected through questionnaires. Newborns will undergo assessments of anthropometric measurements, umbilical cord samples will be drawn and birth outcomes will be evaluated. We will measure adipokines, myokines and hepatokines and relate them to maternal lifestyle clusters and fetal outcome. Conclusion: Our study will be the first to examine the relationship between maternal body composition, birth weight and potential biomarkers based on an innovative compartment model. (C) 2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Maternal High-Fat Diet Modulates Hepatic Glucose, Lipid Homeostasis and Gene Expression in the PPAR Pathway in the Early Life of Offspring$$$ Maternal dietary modifications determine the susceptibility to metabolic diseases in adult life. However, whether maternal high-fat feeding can modulate glucose and lipid metabolism in the early life of offspring is less understood. Furthermore, we explored the underlying mechanisms that influence the phenotype. Using C57BL/6J mice, we examined the effects on the offspring at weaning from dams fed with a high-fat diet or normal chow diet throughout pregnancy and lactation. Gene array experiments and quantitative real-time PCR were performed in the liver tissues of the offspring mice. The offspring of the dams fed the high-fat diet had a heavier body weight, impaired glucose tolerance, decreased insulin sensitivity, increased serum cholesterol and hepatic steatosis at weaning. Bioinformatic analyses indicated that all differentially expressed genes of the offspring between the two groups were mapped to nine pathways. Genes in the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) signaling pathway were verified by quantitative real-time PCR and these genes were significantly up-regulated in the high-fat diet offspring. A maternal high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation can modulate hepatic glucose, lipid homeostasis, and gene expression in the PPAR signaling in the early life of offspring, and our results suggested that potential mechanisms that influences this phenotype may be related partially to up-regulate some gene expression in the PPAR signalling pathway.
Maternal high-fat diet consumption modulates hepatic lipid metabolism and microRNA-122 (<i>miR-122</i>) and microRNA-370 (<i>miR-370</i>) expression in offspring$$$ Maternal consumption of a high-fat diet (HFD) during pregnancy and lactation is closely related to hepatic lipid accumulation, insulin resistance and increased serum cytokine levels in offspring and into their adulthood. MicroRNA (miRNA) have been implicated in cholesterol biosynthesis and fatty acid metabolism. We evaluated the modulation of hepatic fatty acid synthesis (de novo), beta-oxidation pathways, and miRNA-122 (miR-122) and miRNA-370 (miR-370) expression in recently weaned offspring (day 28) of mouse dams fed a HFD (HFD-O) or a standard chow (SC-O) during pregnancy and lactation. Compared with SC-O mice, HFD-O mice weighed more, had a larger adipose tissue mass and were more intolerant to glucose and insulin (P< 0.05). HFD-O mice also presented more levels of serum cholesterol, TAG, NEFA and hepatic I kappa B kinase and c-Jun N-terminal kinase phosphorylation compared with SC-O mice (P< 0.05). Protein levels of fatty acid synthase, acetyl-CoA carboxylase and 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase were similar in HFD-O and SC-O mice, whereas expression levels of SCD1 mRNA and protein were more abundant in HFD-O mice than in SC-O mice (P< 0.05). Interestingly, mRNA expression levels of the beta-oxidation-related genes ACADVL and CPT1 were decreased in HFD-O mice (P< 0.05). Furthermore, the expression of miR-122 was reduced but that of miR-370 was increased in HFD-O mice compared with that in SC-O mice (P< 0.05). Changes in hepatic lipid metabolism were accompanied by increased mRNA content of AGPAT1 and TAG deposition in HFD-O mice (P< 0.05). Taken together, the present results strongly suggest that maternal consumption of a HFD affects the early lipid metabolism of offspring by modulating the expression of hepatic beta-oxidation-related genes and miRNA that can contribute to metabolic disturbances in adult life.
Organ-Specific Alterations in Fatty Acid De Novo Synthesis and Desaturation in a Rat Model of Programmed Obesity$$$ Background: Small for gestational age (SGA) leads to increased risk of adult obesity and metabolic syndrome. Offspring exposed to 50% maternal food restriction in utero are born smaller than Controls (FR), catch-up in growth by the end of the nursing period, and become obese adults. The objective of the study was to determine stearoyl-CoA desaturase activity (SCD1) and rates of de novo fatty acid synthesis in young FR and Control offspring tissues at the end of the nursing period, as possible contributors to catch-up growth. Methods: From gestational day 10 to term, dams fed ad libitum (Control) or were 50% food-restricted to produce small FR pups. Control dams nursed all pups. At postnatal day 1 (p1) and p21, offspring body tissues were analyzed by GC/MS, and desaturation indices of palmitoleate/palmitate and oleate/stearate were calculated. SCD1 gene expression was determined by real-time PCR on adipose and liver. Offspring were enriched with deuterium that was given to dams in drinking water during lactation and de novo synthesis of offspring body tissues was determined at p21. Primary adipocyte cell cultures were established at p21 and exposed to U(13)C-glucose. Results: FR offspring exhibited higher desaturation index in p1 and p21 adipose tissue, but decreased desaturation index in liver at p21. SCD1 gene expression at p21 was correspondingly increased in adipose and decreased in liver. FR subcutaneous fat demonstrated increased de novo synthesis at p21. Primary cell cultures exhibited increased de novo synthesis in FR. Conclusions: Adipose tissue is the first site to exhibit increased de novo synthesis and desaturase activity in FR. Therefore, abnormal lipogenesis is already present prior to onset of obesity during the period of catch-up growth. These abnormalities may contribute to future obesity development.
A short periconceptional exposure to maternal type-1 diabetes is sufficient to disrupt the feto-placental phenotype in a rabbit model$$$ Tight metabolic control of type-1 diabetes is essential during gestation, but it could be crucial during the periconception period. Feto-placental consequences of maternal type-1 diabetes around the time of conception need to be explored. Using a rabbit model, type-1 diabetes was induced by alloxan 7 days before mating. Glycemia was maintained at 15-20 mmol/L with exogenous insulin injections to prevent ketoacidosis. At 4 days post-conception (dpc), embryos were collected from diabetic (D) or normoglycemic control (C) dams, respectively, and transferred into non-diabetic recipients. At 28dpc, D- and C-feto-placental units were collected for biometry, placental analyses and lipid profiles. D-fetuses were growth-retarded, hyperglycemic and dyslipidemic compared to C-fetuses. The efficiency of D-placentas was associated with an increased gene expression related to nutrient supply and lipid metabolism whereas volume density of fetal vessels decreased. Fetal plasma, placental and fetal liver membranes had specific fatty acid signatures depending on embryonic origin. Tissues from D-fetuses contained more omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids. The concentrations of docosahexaenoic acid decreased while linoleic acid increased in the heart of D-fetuses. This study demonstrates that a short exposure to maternal type-1 diabetes in the periconception window, until the blastocyst stage, is able to irreversibly malprogram the feto-placental phenotype, through precocious and persistent structural and molecular adaptations of placenta.
Liver-fat accumulation and insulin resistance in obese women with previous gestational diabetes$$$ TIIKKAINEN, MIRJA, MARJO TAMMINEN, ANNA-MAIJA HAKKINEN, ROBERT BERGHOLM, SATU VEHKAVAARA, JUHA HALAVAARA, KARI TERAMO, AILA RISSANEN, AND HANNELE YKI-JARVINEN. Liver-fat accumulation and insulin resistance in obese women with previous gestational diabetes. Obes Res. 2002; 10:859-867. Objective: We determined whether fat accumulation in the liver is associated with features of insulin resistance independent of obesity. Research Methods and Procedures: We recruited 27 obese nondiabetic women in whom liver fat (LFAT) content was determined by proton spectroscopy, intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat by magnetic resonance imaging, and insulin sensitivity by the euglycemic insulin clamp technique. The women were divided based on their median LFAT content (5%) to groups with low (3.2 +/- 0.3%) and high (9.8 +/- 1.5%) liver fat. The groups were almost identical with respect to age (36 +/- 1 vs. 38 +/- 1 years in low vs. high-LFAT), body mass index (32.2 +/- 0.6 vs. 32.8 +/- 0.5 kg/m(2)), waist-to-hip ratio, intra-abdominal, subcutaneous, and total fat content. Results: Women with high LI7AT had features of insulin resistance including higher fasting serum triglyceride (1.93 +/- 0.21 vs. 1.11 +/- 0.09 mM, p < 0.01) and insulin (14 +/- 3 vs. 10 +/- 1 mU/L, p < 0.05) concentrations than women with low LFAT. The group with high LFAT also had higher 24-hour blood pressures, and lower whole-body insulin sensitivity compared with the low-LFAT group. Discussion: In obese women with previous gestational diabetes, LFAT, rather than any measure of body composition, is associated with features of insulin resistance.
Sex Differences in Early Programming by Maternal High Fat Diet Induced-Obesity and Fish Oil Supplementation in Mice$$$ Pre-pregnancy obesity is a contributing factor for impairments in offspring metabolic health. Interventional strategies during pregnancy are a potential approach to alleviate and/or prevent obesity and obesity related metabolic alterations in the offspring. Fish oil (FO), rich in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) exerts metabolic health benefits. However, the role of FO in early life remains still unknown. Hence, this study objective was to determine the effect of FO supplementation in mice from pre-pregnancy through lactation, and to study the post-natal metabolic health effects in gonadal fat and liver of offspring fed high fat (HF) diet with or without FO. Female C57BL6J mice aged 4-5 weeks were fed a HF (45% fat) diet supplemented with or without FO (30 g/kg of diet) and low fat (LF; 10% fat) pre-pregnancy through lactation. After weaning, offspring (male and female) from HF or FO dams either continued the same diet (HF-HF and FO-FO) or switched to the other diet (HF-FO and FO-HF) for 13 weeks, creating four groups of treatment, and LF-LF was used as a control group. Serum, gonadal fat and liver tissue were collected at termination for metabolic analyses. Offspring of both sexes fed HF with or without fish oil gained (p < 0.05) more weight post weaning, compared to LF-LF-fed mice. All the female offspring groups supplemented with FO had reduced body weight compared to the respective male groups. Further, FO-FO supplementation in both sexes (p < 0.05) improved glucose clearance and insulin sensitivity compared to HF-HF. All FO-FO fed mice had significantly reduced adipocyte size compared to HF-HF group in both male and females. Inflammation, measured by mRNA levels of monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (Mcp1), was reduced (p < 0.05) with FO supplementation in both sexes in gonadal fat and in the liver. Markers of fatty acid synthesis, fatty acid synthase (Fasn) showed no sex specific differences in gonadal fat and liver of mice supplemented with HF. Female mice had lower liver triglycerides than male counterparts. Supplementation of FO in mice improved metabolic health of offspring by lowering markers of lipid synthesis and inflammation.
The impact of probiotics and n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids on intestinal permeability in pregnancy: a randomised clinical trial$$$ A disruption in intestinal barrier integrity may predispose individuals to metabolic aberrations, particularly during the vulnerable period of pregnancy. We investigated whether intestinal permeability, as measured by serum zonulin concentration, changes over the duration of pregnancy and whether this change is reflected in lipopolysaccharide (LPS) activity. Second, we tested in a randomised double-blind placebo controlled clinical trial the impact of consuming dietary probiotics and/or long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LC-PUFA) supplements in lowering serum zonulin concentration and LPS activity. The probiotic supplement was a combination of two bacteria, Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. lactis 420 and Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001. This study included 200 overweight pregnant women participating in an on-going study; participants were randomised to consume either (1) probiotics, (2) LC-PUFA, (3) probiotics and LC-PUFA, or (4) placebo for each supplement. Blood samples were obtained at early, the baseline, and late pregnancy (mean 14 and 35 weeks of gestation, respectively). Serum zonulin concentration increased from early (mean (standard deviation): 62.7 (12.9) ng/ml) to late pregnancy by 5.3 (95% CI 3.7-6.9) ng/ml, and LPS activity increased from (0.16 (0.04) EU/ml) by 0.04 (95% CI 0.03-0.05) EU/ml. No differences among the intervention groups were detected in the change from early to late pregnancy in serum zonulin concentration (P=0.8) or LPS activity (P=0.2). The change in serum zonulin concentration during the pregnancy was associated with the weeks of follow up (r=0.25, P<0.001). Serum LPS activity was correlated with higher maternal weight gain (r=0.19, P=0.008). As a conclusion, intestinal permeability increased with the progression of pregnancy in overweight and obese women and was reflected in LPS activity. No efficacy of supplementation with probiotics and/or LC-PUFA was demonstrated in pregnancy-induced changes in serum zonulin concentration or LPS activity.
Effects and Mechanisms of Probiotics, Prebiotics, Synbiotics, and Postbiotics on Metabolic Diseases Targeting Gut Microbiota: A Narrative Review$$$ Metabolic diseases are serious threats to public health and related to gut microbiota. Probiotics, prebiotics, synbiotics, and postbiotics (PPSP) are powerful regulators of gut microbiota, thus possessing prospects for preventing metabolic diseases. Therefore, the effects and mechanisms of PPSP on metabolic diseases targeting gut microbiota are worth discussing and clarifying. Generally, PPSP benefit metabolic diseases management, especially obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The underlying gut microbial-related mechanisms are mainly the modulation of gut microbiota composition, regulation of gut microbial metabolites, and improvement of intestinal barrier function. Moreover, clinical trials showed the benefits of PPSP on patients with metabolic diseases, while the clinical strategies for gestational diabetes mellitus, optimal formula of synbiotics and health benefits of postbiotics need further study. This review fully summarizes the relationship between probiotics, prebiotics, synbiotics, postbiotics, and metabolic diseases, presents promising results and the one in dispute, and especially attention is paid to illustrates potential mechanisms and clinical effects, which could contribute to the next research and development of PPSP.
Fructose during pregnancy affects maternal and fetal leptin signaling$$$ Fructose intake from added sugars correlates with the epidemic rise in obesity, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases. Fructose intake also causes features of metabolic syndrome in laboratory animals. Therefore, we have investigated whether fructose modifies lipidemia in pregnant rats and produces changes in their fetuses. Thus, fructose administration (10% wt/vol.) in the drinking water of rats throughout gestation leads to maternal hypertriglyceridemia. This change was not observed in glucose-fed rats, although both carbohydrates produced similar changes in liver triglycerides and in the expression of transcription factors and enzymes involved in lipogenesis. After fasting overnight, mothers fed with carbohydrates were found to be hyperleptinemic. However, after a bolus of glucose, leptinemia in fructose-fed mothers showed no response, whereas it increased in parallel in glucose-fed and control mothers. Fetuses from fructose-fed mothers showed hypotriglyceridemia and a higher hepatic triglyceride content than fetuses from control or glucose-fed mothers. A higher expression of genes related to lipogenesis and a lower expression of fatty acid catabolism genes were also found in fetuses from fructose-fed mothers. Moreover, although hyperleptinemic, these fetuses exhibited increased tyrosine phosphorylation of the signal transducer and activator of transcription-3 (STAT-3) protein, without a parallel increase in the serine phosphorylation of STAT-3 nor in the suppressor of cytokine signaling-3 protein levels whose expression is regulated by leptin through STAT-3 activation. Thus, fructose intake during gestation provoked a diminished maternal leptin response to fasting and refeeding and an impairment in the transduction of the leptin signal in the fetuses, which could be responsible for their hepatic steatosis. (c) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Substitution of starch for palm oil during gestation: impact on offspring survival and hepatic gene expression in the pig$$$ Piglet neonatal mortality rates are high (similar to 20%), so nutritional strategies to reduce this are highly desirable. Maternal fat substitution (FS) may promote the preweaning survival of piglets by improving their energy status. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of FS throughout pregnancy on offspring viability, together with the gene expression of stress-related markers in the liver. Sixteen pregnant sows were randomly allocated to one of two isocaloric diets, control (C) or FS in the form of palm oil, fed from 0 to 110 days gestation. Glucose tolerance was examined on Day 108. Median and low birthweight offspring were allocated to tissue sampling at either 7 days or 6 months postnatal age. In response to a glucose tolerance test, FS sows exhibited a raised glucose area under the curve with no change in basal glucose. Average piglet mortality (up to Day 28) was increased fourfold in the FS group, with surviving median-sized piglets exhibiting significantly lower fatty acid binding protein 1 (FABP1) expression at 7 days. There were no effects on the abundance of any other stress- or metabolic-related genes examined. Thus, this study demonstrates that maternal FS throughout gestation causes maternal glucose intolerance that may be linked to the observed increase in piglet mortality. However, the surviving offspring do not exhibit any detectable differences in postnatal growth or hepatic gene profile in later life.
Fish oil Supplementation during adolescence attenuates metabolic programming of perinatal maternal high-fat diet in adult offspring$$$ Perinatal maternal high-fat diet (HFD) increases susceptibility to obesity and fatty liver diseases in adult offspring, which can be attenuated by the potent hypolipidaemic action of fish oil (FO), an n-3 PUFA source, during adult life. Previously, we described that adolescent HFD offspring showed resistance to FO hypolipidaemic effects, although FO promoted hepatic molecular changes suggestive of reduced lipid accumulation. Here, we investigated whether this FO intervention only during the adolescence period could affect offspring metabolism in adulthood. Then, female Wistar rats received isoenergetic, standard (STD: 9 % fat) or high-fat (HFD: 28.6 % fat) diet before mating, and throughout pregnancy and lactation. After weaning, male offspring received the standard diet; and from 25 to 45 d old they received oral administration of soyabean oil or FO. At 150 d old, serum and hepatic metabolic parameters were evaluated. Maternal HFD adult offspring showed increased body weight, visceral adiposity, hyperleptinaemia and decreased hepatic pSTAT3/ STAT3 ratio, suggestive of hepatic leptin resistance. FO intake only during the adolescence period reduced visceral adiposity and serum leptin, regardless of maternal diet. Maternal HFD promoted dyslipidaemia and hepatic TAG accumulation, which was correlated with reduced hepatic carnitine palmitoyl transferase-1a content, suggesting lipid oxidation impairment. FO intake did not change serum lipids; however, it restored hepatic TAG content and hepatic markers of lipid oxidation to STD offspring levels. Therefore, we concluded that FO intake exclusively during adolescence programmed STD offspring and reprogrammed HFD offspring male rats to a healthier metabolic phenotype in adult life, reducing visceral adiposity, serum leptin and hepatic TAG content in offspring adulthood.
The impact of controlled nutrition during the dry period on dairy cow health, fertility and performance$$$ Average dairy herd fertility is declining, with more serves per successful conception, extended calving intervals and increased culling due to failure to rebreed, all adding significant costs to milk production. Genetics, management and nutrition have all contributed to this decline infertility; the paper focuses primarily on nutritional issues. The extent of body condition loss after calving and its possible impact on fertility is considered, with evidence that this phenomenon is common in many herds irrespective of average milk yields. Body tissue mobilisation after calving increases the flux of non-esterified fatty acids to the liver and pathways of fatty acid metabolism are considered. Particular attention is given to the effects of high plasma non-esterified fatty acid levels on fat accumulation in liver cells and possible impacts on nitrogen and glucose metabolism. Current nutritional practices with early lactation cows which aim to stimulate milk yield and peak milk production but have been shown to exacerbate body condition loss, are reviewed. The paper also considers cow health issues during the peri-parturient period and how these may affect milk yield and fertility. It is concluded that current feeding practices for dry cows, with the provision of increasing amounts of the lactation ration during the Close-up period to accustom the rumen microbes and offset the expected reduction in feed intake as pregnancy reaches term, have largely failed to overcome peri-parturient health problems, excessive body condition loss after calving or declining fertility. From an examination of the energy and protein requirements of dry cows, it is suggested that current Close-up feeding practices can lead to luxury intakes of nutrients that can increase fat deposition in the viscera and the liver. Under such conditions, metabolism of nutrients by the cow may be compromised. In contrast, limited feeding throughout the whole dry period has been shown to prevent many of the problems which can affect peri-parturient cows. A new feeding strategy based on a low energy: high fibre ration (9 MJ metabolisable energy and 130 g crude protein/kg ration dry matter) containing high levels of chopped straw and offered ad libitum as a total mixed ration throughout the whole dry period is proposed. The performance of 32 dairy farms in France where this strategy has been adopted for at least 3 years is provided, with positive outcomes now being obtained by UK and Irish dairy farmers. Independent US research evidence has confirmed some of these benefits whilst limited data on cow fertility is presented. It is hypothesised that luxury feeding during the dry period can cause cows to become insulin resistant leading to an increased risk of type II diabetes. Such cows are likely to have poorer fertility whilst possible mechanisms which increase the risk of peri-parturient health problems are discussed. Further research to understand the mechanisms of these effects is required and is currently ongoing. However the magnitude of the effects noted on an increasing number of dairy farms suggests this approach to feeding the dry cow is capable of bringing real benefits to many dairy herds in terms of fewer health problems, reduced body condition loss and improved fertility. (c) 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Foetal programming by methyl donor deficiency produces steato-hepatitis in rats exposed to high fat diet$$$ Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is a manifestation of metabolic syndrome, which emerges as a major public health problem. Deficiency in methyl donors (folate and vitamin B12) during gestation and lactation is frequent in humans and produces foetal programming effects of metabolic syndrome, with small birth weight and liver steatosis at day 21 (d21), in rat pups. We investigated the effects of fetal programming on liver of rats born from deficient mothers (iMDD) and subsequently subjected to normal diet after d21 and high fat diet (HF) after d50. We observed increased abdominal fat, ASAT/ALAT ratio and angiotensin blood level, but no histological liver abnormality in d50 iMDD rats. In contrast, d185 iMDD/HF animals had hallmarks of steato-hepatitis, with increased markers of inflammation and fibrosis (caspase1, cleaved IL-1 beta, alpha 1(I) and alpha 2(I) collagens and alpha-SMA), insulin resistance (HOMA-IR and Glut 2) and expression of genes involved in stellate cell stimulation and remodelling and key genes triggering NASH pathomechanisms (transforming growth factor beta super family, angiotensin and angiotensin receptor type 1). Our data showed a foetal programming effect of MDD on liver inflammation and fibrosis, which suggests investigating whether MDD during pregnancy is a risk factor of NASH in populations subsequently exposed to HF diet.
Protein nutrition in late pregnancy, maternal protein reserves and lactation performance in dairy cows$$$ Empirical evidence suggests that prolonged underfeeding of protein to late-pregnant dry cows can have modest negative carry-over effects on milk volume and/or protein yield during early lactation, and may also cause increased incidence of metabolic diseases associated with fatty liver. However, assessment of requirements is hampered by lack of information on relationships between dietary intake of crude protein (N x 6.25) and metabolizable protein supply during late pregnancy, and by incomplete understanding of the quantitative metabolism of amino acids in maternal and conceptus tissues. Inability of the postparturient cow to consume sufficient protein to meet mammary and extra-mammary amino acid requirements, including a significant demand for hepatic gluconeogenesis, necessitates a substantial, albeit transient, mobilization of tissue protein during the first 2 weeks of lactation. Ultimately, much of this mobilized protein appears to be derived from peripheral tissues, especially skeletal muscle and, to a lesser extent, skin, through suppression of tissue protein synthesis, and possibly increased proteolysis. In the shorter term, soon after calving, it is likely that amino acids required for hepatic glucose synthesis are diverted from high rates of synthesis of splanchnic tissue and export proteins, including serum albumin. The prevailing endocrine milieu of the periparturient cow, including major reductions in plasma levels of insulin and insulin-like growth factor-I, together with insulin resistance in peripheral tissues, must permissively facilitate, if not actively promote, net mobilization of amino acids from these tissues.
METABOLIC DISORDERS OF CATTLE$$$ Goldberger (1) discovered human pellagra was a non-infectious disease, affecting mostly the small and the timid in overcrowded institutions. Symptoms were diarrhoea, dermatitis and dementia. The staff and older children escaped the disease. They ate the meat and left the small and timid with the gravy. The 'Goldberger syndrome' is observed during competitive feeding of livestock, in ketotic animals and in the zinc depleted which are lethargic and pick all day at their feed (6, 9). The pellagra preventative factor was later found to be nicotinic acid, derived from the amino acid tryptophan. Deficiencies of copper, magnesium, vitamin B6 (activated by a zinc kinase) inhibit the conversion of tryptophan to nicotinic acid (2, 3, 4). Stresses, including liver diseases, malabsorption, iron overload, porphyria, marasmus, cold stress, pregnancy, lactation, antibiotics and sulfa drugs, all increase dietary needs of nicotinic acid (3). Elevated free fatty acids and ketone bodies in the blood are associated with ketosis, zinc depletion and the pre-diabetic state (6, 7). There is a diminished uptake of glucose by the tissues, a condition also found in parturient paresis of dairy cows when elevated hydrocortisone promotes insulin resistance and hyperglycaemia (8). This defect in insulin response leads to a diabetic-like state. The major predisposing factor in parturient paresis of dairy cows is hypocalcaemia. Gut absorption of dietary calcium may not meet the primary demands of lactation initiation until bone calcium mobilisation is established (8).
Sucrose feeding during pregnancy and lactation elicits distinct metabolic response in offspring of an inbred genetic model of metabolic syndrome$$$ The importance of early environment, including maternal diet during pregnancy, is suspected to play a major role in pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome and related conditions. One of the proposed mechanisms is a mismatch between the prenatal and postnatal environments, leading to misprogramming of the metabolic and signaling pathways of the developing fetus. We assessed whether the exposure to high-sucrose diet (HSD) alleviates the detrimental effects of sucrose feeding in later life (predictive adaptive hypothesis) in a highly inbred model of metabolic syndrome, the PD/Cub rat. Rat dams were continuously fed either standard or HSD (70% calories as sucrose) starting 1 wk before breeding, throughout pregnancy, at birth, and until weaning of the offspring. After weaning, all male offspring were fed HSD until the age of 20 wk, when detailed metabolic and morphometric profiles were ascertained. The early life exposure to a sucrose-rich diet resulted in distinct responses to longtime postnatal HSD feeding. Offspring of the sucrose-fed mothers displayed higher adiposity and substantial increases in triglyceride liver content together with unfavorable distribution of cholesterol into lipoprotein subfractions. On the other hand, their adiponectin concentrations were significantly higher, and insulin sensitivity of skeletal muscle was enhanced compared with the offspring of standard diet-fed mothers. Triglycerides, free fatty acids, overall glucose tolerance, and the insulin sensitivity of adipose tissue were comparable in both groups. In the genetically identical animals, maternal HSD feeding elicited a variety of subtle effects but did not lead to predictive adaptive protection from most HSD-induced metabolic derangements.
Metabolic and Microbial Changes Associated With Diet and Obesity During Pregnancy: What Can We Learn From Animal Studies?$$$ The intestinal microbiota changes throughout pregnancy and influences maternal metabolic adaptations to support fetal growth. Obesity induces alterations to the microbiota that include decreased microbial diversity and shifts in microbial composition, though specific species changes are inconsistent between published studies. In animal models, probiotics and exercise moderate maternal weight gain and partially correct the maternal microbiota. Supplemental Escherichia coli, however, exacerbate maternal obesity during the perinatal period, lending weight to the theory that inflammation-induced gut epithelial barrier leak influences metabolic dysregulation. Although birth weight is not always altered when offspring are exposed to an obesogenic diet during gestation, insulin resistance and lipid metabolism are impacted through adulthood in association with this exposure and can lead to increased body weight in adulthood. Postnatal offspring growth is accelerated in response to maternal overnutrition during lactation. Offspring microbiota, metabolism, and behavior are altered in response to early exposure to high fat and high sucrose diets. Consequences to this exposure include impaired glucose and insulin homeostasis, fatty liver, and neurobehavioral deficits that can be ameliorated by improving the microbial environment. In this mini review, we provide an overview of the use of translational animal models to understand the mechanisms associated with changes to the gastrointestinal microbiota due to maternal obesity and the microbial impact on the metabolic changes of pregnancy.
Insulin-dependent glucose metabolism in dairy cows with variable fat mobilization around calving$$$ Dairy cows undergo significant metabolic and endocrine changes during the transition from pregnancy to lactation, and impaired insulin action influences nutrient partitioning toward the fetus and the mammary gland. Because impaired insulin action during transition is thought to be related to elevated body condition and body fat mobilization, we hypothesized that over-conditioned cows with excessive body fat mobilization around calving may have impaired insulin metabolism compared with cows with low fat mobilization. Nineteen dairy cows were grouped according to their average concentration of total liver fat (LFC) after calving in low [LLFC; LFC <24% total fat/dry matter (DM); n = 9] and high (HLFC; LFC >24.4% total fat/DM; n = 10) fat-mobilizing cows. Blood samples were taken from wk 7 antepartum (ap) to wk 5 postpartum (pp) to determine plasma concentrations of glucose, insulin, glucagon, and adiponectin. We applied euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic (EGHIC) and hyperglycemic clamps (HGC) in wk 5 ap and wk 3 pp to measure insulin responsiveness in peripheral tissue and pancreatic insulin secretion during the transition period. Before and during the pp EGHIC, [C-13(6)] glucose was infused to determine the rate of glucose appearance (GlucRa) and glucose oxidation (GOx). Body condition, back fat thickness, and energy-corrected milk were greater, but energy balance was lower in HLFC than in LLFC. Plasma concentrations of glucose, insulin, glucagon, and adiponectin decreased at calving, and this was followed by an immediate increase of glucagon and adiponectin after calving. Insulin concentrations ap were higher in HLFC than in LLFC cows, but the EGHIC indicated no differences in peripheral insulin responsiveness among cows ap and pp. However, GlucRa and GOx: GlucRa during the pp EGHIC were greater in HLFC than in LLFC cows. During HGC, pancreatic insulin secretion was lower, but the glucose infusion rate was higher pp than ap in both groups. Plasma concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids decreased during HGC and EGHIC, but in both clamps, pp nonesterified fatty acid concentrations did not reach the ap levels. The study demonstrated a minor influence of different degrees of body fat mobilization on insulin metabolism in cows during the transition period. The distinct decrease in the glucose-dependent release of insulin pp is the most striking finding that explains the impaired insulin action after calving, but does not explain differences in body fat mobilization between HLFC and LLFC cows.
Nutrition in pregnancy$$$ A healthy and varied diet is important at all times in life, but particularly so during pregnancy. The maternal diet must provide sufficient energy and nutrients to meet the mother's usual requirements, as well as the needs of the growing fetus, and enable the mother to lay down stores of nutrients required for fetal development as well as for lactation. The dietary recommendations for pregnant women are actually very similar to those for other adults, but with a few notable exceptions. The main recommendation is to follow a healthy, balanced diet based on the Balance of Good Health model. In particular, pregnant women should try to consume plenty of iron-and folate-rich foods, and a daily supplement of vitamin D (10 mu g/day) is recommended throughout pregnancy. There are currently no official recommendations for weight gain during pregnancy in the UK. For women with a healthy pre-pregnancy weight, an average weight gain of 12 kg (range 10-14 kg) has been shown to be associated with the lowest risk of complications during pregnancy and labour, and with a reduced risk of having a low birthweight (LBW) infant. However, in practice, well-nourished women with a normal pre-pregnancy bodyweight show wide variations in weight gain during pregnancy. Low gestational weight gain increases the risk of having a LBW infant, whereas excessive weight gain during pregnancy increases the risk of overweight and obesity in the mother after the birth. A birthweight of 3.1-3.6 kg has been shown to be associated with optimal maternal and fetal outcomes for a full-term infant. LBW (birthweight <2.5 kg) is associated with increased infant morbidity and mortality, as well as an increased risk of adult diseases in later life, such as cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The fetal origins hypothesis states that chronic diseases in adulthood may be a consequence of 'fetal programming', whereby a stimulus or insult at a critical, sensitive period in development has a permanent effect on structure, physiology or function. However, there is little evidence that in healthy, well-nourished women, the diet can be manipulated in order to prevent LBW and the risk of chronic diseases in later life. Maternal nutritional status at the time of conception is an important determinant of fetal growth and development, and therefore a healthy, balanced diet is important before, as well as during, pregnancy. It is also important to try and attain a healthy bodyweight prior to conception [body mass index (BMI) of 20-25], as being either underweight or overweight can affect both fertility and birth outcome. It is now well recognised that taking folic acid during the peri-conceptional period can reduce the incidence of neural tube defects (NTDs), and all women who may become pregnant are advised to take a folic acid supplement of 400 mu g/day prior to and up until the 12th week of pregnancy. The UK Committee on Medical Aspects of Food Policy (COMA) panel has established dietary reference values (DRVs) for nutrients for which there is an increased requirement during pregnancy. This includes thiamin, riboflavin, folate and vitamins A, C and D, as well as energy and protein. The energy costs of pregnancy have been estimated at around 321 MJ (77 000 kcal), based on theoretical calculations and data from longitudinal studies. In practice, individual women vary widely in metabolic rate, fat deposition and physical activity level, so there are wide variations in individual energy requirements during pregnancy. In the UK, the recommendation is that an extra 200 kcal of energy per day is required during the third trimester only. However, this assumes a reduction in physical activity level during pregnancy, and women who are underweight or who do not reduce their activity level may require more. The COMA DRV panel did not establish any increment in requirements for any minerals during pregnancy, as physiological adaptations are thought to help meet the increased demand for minerals, e.g. there is an increase in absorption of calcium and iron. However, certain individuals will require more calcium, particularly teenagers whose skeletons are still developing. Up to 50% of women of childbearing age in the UK have low iron stores, and are therefore at risk of developing anaemia should they become pregnant. Moreover, around 40% of women aged 19-34 years currently have an iron intake below the lower reference nutrient intake (LRNI). Pregnant women are therefore advised to consume plenty of iron-rich foods during pregnancy and, in some cases, supplementation may be necessary. There are a number of food safety issues that apply to women before and during pregnancy. It is advisable to pay particular attention to food hygiene during pregnancy, and to avoid certain foods (e.g. mould-ripened and blue-veined cheeses) in order to reduce the risk of exposure to potentially harmful food pathogens, such as listeria and salmonella. Pregnant women, and those who may become pregnant, are also advised to avoid foods that are high in retinol (e.g. liver and liver products), as excessive intakes are toxic to the developing fetus. It is also recommended that the intake of both alcohol and caffeine is limited to within current guidelines. As for the general population, pregnant women should try to consume at least two portions of fish per week, one of which should be oil-rich. However, in 2004, the Food Standards Agency (FSA) issued new advice on oil-rich fish consumption and now recommends a limit of no more than two portions of oil-rich fish per week for pregnant women (and those who may become pregnant). Oil-rich fish is a rich source of long-chain n-3 fatty acids which are thought to help protect against heart disease. Furthermore, these types of fatty acids are also required for fetal brain and nervous system development. The upper limit on oil-rich fish consumption is to avoid the risk of exposure to dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), which are environmental pollutants. Pregnant women are also advised to avoid marlin, shark and swordfish, and limit their intake of tuna due to the risk of exposure to methylmercury, which at high levels can be harmful to the developing nervous system of the fetus. There are certain considerations with regard to specific dietary groups during pregnancy. For example, vegetarians and vegans may have difficulty meeting their requirements for certain vitamins and minerals, particularly riboflavin, vitamin B 12, calcium, iron and zinc. However, most vegan and vegetarian women should be able to meet their nutrient requirements during pregnancy, with careful dietary planning, while those on very restricted diets may also need to consume fortified foods or supplements. Pregnancy during adolescence raises a number of nutritional concerns. Teenagers already have high nutrient requirements for growth and development, and therefore there is potential competition for nutrients. Furthermore, a large proportion of teenage girls have low intakes of a range of nutrients that are important during pregnancy, particularly folate, calcium and iron. Teenagers who become pregnant often do not take folic acid supplements, either because the pregnancy is unplanned, or because they are unaware of the importance of taking folic acid. Teenage pregnancy therefore presents particular challenges for health professionals. As well as following a healthy, balanced diet during pregnancy, staying physically active is also important, to promote general health and well-being, and also to help prevent excess maternal weight gain. Studies that have looked at the effects of maternal physical activity on pregnancy outcome have been of variable quality, but there is little evidence that moderate exercise can have any adverse effects on the health of the mother or the fetus. Studies do suggest that regular, aerobic exercise during pregnancy helps improve or maintain physical fitness and body image. It is recommended that pregnant women should continue with their usual physical activity for as long as feels comfortable, and try to keep active on a daily basis, e.g. by walking. Swimming is a particularly suitable form of exercise, although it is advisable to avoid strenuous or vigorous physical activity during pregnancy.
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Contemporary Clinical Approach$$$ Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a frequent endocrine disease in women during the reproductive period. It is considered a complex metabolic disorder with long-term metabolic, as well as reproductive consequences. Main pathophysiological pathways are related to the increased androgen levels and insulin resistance. Nowadays, genetic origins of PCOS are acknowledged, with numerous genes involved in the pathogenesis of hyperandrogenemia, insulin resistance, inflammation, and disturbed folliculogenesis. Rotterdam diagnostic criteria are most widely accepted and four PCOS phenotypes have been recognized. Metabolic abnormalities are more common in phenotypes 1 and 2. Women with classic PCOS are more obese and typically have the central type of obesity, more prevalently displaying dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, and metabolic syndrome that could be associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular complications during life. Heterogeneity of phenotypes demands an individualized approach in the treatment of women with PCOS. Metabolic therapies involve a lifestyle intervention followed by the introduction of insulin sensitizers including metformin and inositols, glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists (GLP-1 RA), as recently sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 (SGLT2) inhibitors. The addition of an insulin sensitizer to the standard infertility therapy such as clomiphene citrate improves ovulation and pregnancy rates. Our current review analyzes the contemporary knowledge of PCOS etiology and etiopathogenesis, its cardiometabolic risks and their outcomes, as well as therapeutic advances for women with PCOS.
Cardiovascular disease: Screening and management of the a-symptomatic high-risk post-menopausal woman$$$ Menopause-related oestrogen deficiency increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The presence of abdominal obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension, fasting hyperglycaemia or impaired glucose tolerance further aggravates the CVD risk imposed by menopause. A detailed personal history should be recorded, covering PCOS, gestational diabetes mellitus, alcohol intake and smoking, as well as a family history of cardiovascular disease. Screening of the a-symptomatic post-menopausal woman should include fasting lipid profile, plasma glucose and liver, renal and thyroid function tests. Serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) > 130 mg/dL is associated with an increased risk of CVD. Levels of triglycerides (TG) >= 150 mg/dL and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) <= 50 mg/dL coupled with an increase in small dense LDL and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) particles constitute the atherogenic dyslipidemia, which characterizes the metabolic syndrome. In women with previous VTE episodes, screening for thrombophilia is advisable, as well as an estimation of baseline homocysteine and C-reactive protein (CRP). Non-pharmacological intervention should be targeted towards smoking cessation, a low-salt, low-fat, high-fibre diet and increased physical activity. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
High multivitamin intakes during pregnancy and postweaning obesogenic diets interact to affect the relationship between expression of PPAR genes and glucose regulation in the offspring$$$ High multivitamin intake (HV) during pregnancy increases body fat and weight and alters glucose and fatty acid metabolism in Wistar rat offspring. This study investigated the expression of peroxisome-proliferator activated receptors (PPARs) genes involved in regulation of glucose and fatty acid metabolism in their tissues. Dams received the AIN-93G diet with either the regular (RV) or 10-fold multivitamins (HV) during pregnancy. Male offspring were weaned to either the RV diet (RV-RV and HV-RV) or an obesogenic diet (RV-Ob and HV-Ob). Gene expression of PPARs in tissues was analyzed by real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction. Gestational diet (GD) did not affect PPARs gene expression in offspring at either birth or weaning. In liver, at 14 weeks postweaning, PPAR-gamma was 30% lower in the HV-RV and 30% higher in HV-Ob than in the RV-RV group [GD P=.76, postweaning diet (PD) P=.19, interaction P=.02, by two-way analysis of variance]. In muscle, PPAR-alpha expression was affected by GD and PD (GD P=.05, PD P<.01, interaction P=.07). In adipose tissue, PPAR-alpha expression was higher in all groups compared to RV-RV (GD P=.25, PD P=.85, interaction P=.03). PPAR-gamma mRNA levels correlated with abdominal fat (r= 0.45, P<.05) and insulin resistance index (r=0.39, P<.05). In liver, PPAR-gamma expression correlated with insulin resistance index in offspring from RV (r=-0.62, P<.05), but not in those from HV dams (r= 0.13, P>.05). In conclusion, the HV diet during pregnancy interacts with postweaning diets in determining the expression of PPARs genes in a tissue- and age-dependent manner and uncouples the relationship between these genes and glucose regulation and fat mass in the rat offspring. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The adipokine FABP4 is a key regulator of neonatal glucose homeostasis$$$ During pregnancy, fetal glucose production is suppressed, with rapid activation immediately postpartum. Fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) was recently demonstrated as a regulator of hepatic glucose production and systemic metabolism in animal models. Here, we studied the role of FABP4 in regulating neonatal glucose hemostasis. Serum samples were collected from pregnant women with normoglycemia or gestational diabetes at term, from the umbilical circulation, and from the newborns within 6 hours of life. The level of FABP4 was higher in the fetal versus maternal circulation, with a further rise in neonates after birth of approximately 3-fold. Neonatal FABP4 inversely correlated with blood glucose, with an approximately 10-fold increase of FABP4 in hypoglycemic neonates. When studied in mice, blood glucose of 12-hour-old WT, Fabp4(-/+), and Fabp4(-/-) littermate mice was 59 +/- 13 mg/dL, 50 +/- 11 mg/dL, and 43 +/- 11 mg/dL, respectively. Similar to our observations in humans, FABP4 levels in WT mouse neonates were approximately 8-fold higher compared with those in adult mice. RNA sequencing of the neonatal liver suggested altered expression of multiple glucagon-regulated pathways in Fabp4(-/-) mice. Indeed, Fabp4(-/-) liver glycogen was inappropriately intact, despite a marked hypoglycemia, with rapid restoration of normoglycemia upon injection of recombinant FABP4. Our data suggest an important biological role for the adipokine FABP4 in the orchestrated regulation of postnatal glucose metabolism.
Maternal exercise alters rat fetoplacental stress response: Minimal effects of maternal growth restriction and high-fat feeding$$$ Introduction: Fetal growth restriction complicates 10% of pregnancies and increases offspring (F1) risk of metabolic disorders, including obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This disease predisposition can be passed onto the next generation (F2). Importantly, the risk of pregnancy complications in obese women can be exacerbated by a stressful pregnancy. Exercise can reduce adiposity and improve health outcomes in obese women and those with GDM. This study investigated the impacts of maternal growth restriction, obesity, exercise, and stress on fetal and placental endocrine function. Methods: inemplacental insufficiency (Restricted) or sham (Control) surgery was induced on embryonic day (E) 18 in F0 Wistar-Kyoto rats. F1 offspring were fed a Chow or High-fat (HFD) diet from weaning and, at 16 weeks, were randomly allocated an exercise protocol; Sedentary, Exercised prior to and during pregnancy (Exercise), or Exercised only during pregnancy (PregEx). Females were mated and further randomly allocated to either undergo (Stress), or not undergo (Unstressed), physiological measurements during pregnancy. On E20, F2 fetal plasma (steroid hormones), tissues (brain, liver), and placentae (morphology, stress genes) were collected. Results: Maternal growth restriction and high-fat feeding had minimal impact on fetoplacental endocrine function. PregEx and Exercise increased cross-sectional labyrinth and junctional zone areas. PregEx, but not Exercise, increased fetal deoxycorticosterone concentrations and reduced placental Hsd11b2 and Nr3c2 gene abundance. Maternal stress increased fetal corticostemne concentrations in Sedentary HFD dams and increased placental cross-sectional areas in PregEx mothers. Discussion: PregEx and Stress independently dysregulates the endocrine status of the developing fetus, which may program future disease.
Transcriptome analysis reveals disruption of circadian rhythms in late gestation dairy cows may increase risk for fatty liver and reduced mammary remodeling$$$ Circadian disruption increased insulin resistance and decreased mammary development in late gestation, nonlactating (dry) cows. The objective was to measure the effect of circadian disruption on transcriptomes of the liver and mammary gland. At 35 days before expected calving (BEC), multiparous dry cows were assigned to either control (CON) or phase-shifted treatments (PS). CON was exposed to 16-h light and 8-h dark. PS was exposed to 16-h light to 8-h dark, but phase of the light-dark cycle was shifted 6 h every 3 days. On day 21 BEC, liver and mammary were biopsied. RNA was isolated (n = 6 CON, n = 6 PS per tissue), and libraries were prepared and sequenced using paired-end reads. Reads mapping to bovine genome averaged 27 +/- 2 million and aligned to 14,222 protein-coding genes in liver and 15,480 in mammary analysis. In the liver, 834 genes, and in the mammary gland, 862 genes were different (nominal P < 0.05) between PS and CON. In the liver, genes upregulated in PS functioned in cholesterol biosynthesis, endoplasmic reticulum stress, wound healing, and inflammation. Genes downregulated in liver function in cholesterol efflux. In the mammary gland, genes upregulated functioned in mRNA processing and transcription and downregulated genes encoded extracellular matrix proteins and proteases, cathepsins and lysosomal proteases, lipid transporters, and regulated oxidative phosphorylation. Increased cholesterol synthesis and decreased efflux suggest that circadian disruption potentially increases the risk of fatty liver in cows. Decreased remodeling and lipid transport in mammary may decrease milk production capacity during lactation.
Maternal Early-Pregnancy Glucose Concentrations and Liver Fat Among School-Age Children$$$ Background and Aims Gestational diabetes seems to be associated with offspring NAFLD. We hypothesized that maternal glucose concentrations across the full range may have persistent effects on offspring liver fat accumulation. Approach and Results In a multiethnic, population-based, prospective cohort study among 2,168 women and their offspring, maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were measured at a median of 13.1 weeks' gestation (95% CI, 9.6-17.2). Liver fat fraction was measured at 10 years by MRI. NAFLD was defined as liver fat fraction >= 5.0%. We performed analyses among all mothers with different ethnic backgrounds and those of European ancestry only. The multiethnic group had a median maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentration of 4.3 mmol/L (interquartile range, 3.9-4.9) and a 2.8% (n = 60) prevalence of NAFLD. The models adjusted for child age and sex only showed that in the multiethnic group, higher maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were associated with higher liver fat accumulation and higher odds of NAFLD, but these associations attenuated into nonsignificance after adjustment for potential confounders. Among mothers of European ancestry only, maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were associated with increased odds of NAFLD (OR, 1.95; 95% CI, 1.32; 2.88, after adjustment for confounders) per 1-mmol/L increase in maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentration. These associations were not explained by maternal prepregnancy and childhood body mass index, visceral fat, and metabolic markers. Conclusions In this study, maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were only among mothers of European ancestry associated with offspring NAFLD. The associations of higher maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations with offspring NAFLD may differ between ethnic groups.
Pediatric intestinal failure-associated liver disease$$$ Purpose of review The goal of this review is to provide updates on the definition, pathophysiology, treatment, and prevention of intestinal failure-associated liver disease (IFALD) that are relevant to care of pediatric patients. Recent findings Current literature emphasizes the multifactorial nature of IFALD. The pathogenesis is still largely unknown; however, molecular pathways have been identified. Key to these pathways are proinflammatory cytokines involved in hepatic inflammation and bile acids synthesis such as Toll-like receptor 4 and farnesoid X receptor, respectively. Research for prevention and treatment is aimed at alleviating risk factors associated with IFALD, principally those associated with parental nutrition. Multiple nutrients and amino acids are relevant to the development of IFALD, but lipid composition has been the primary focus. Lipid emulsions with a lower ratio of omega-6-to-omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (FAs) appear to improve bile flow and decrease intrahepatic inflammation. Long-term consequences of these alternative lipid emulsions are yet to be determined. Summary IFALD remains the greatest contributor of mortality in patients with intestinal failure. Many factors contribute to its development, namely, alterations in the gut microbiome, sepsis, and lack of enteral intake. Novel combinations of lipid formulations are promising alternatives to purely soy-based formulas to reduce cholestasis.
Iranian National Clinical Practice Guideline for Exercise in Patients with Diabetes$$$ Context: Growing evidence highlights the importance of physical activity as a critical element for the prevention and control of diabetes. However, there is no clinical practice guideline focusing on the different aspects of exercise in patients with diabetes, especially for the Iranian population. Objective: We aimed to prepare and adopt a clinical practice guideline to provide well-defined, simple, and concise responses to certain questions related to physical activity and exercise in all patients with diabetes, including type 1, 2, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Evidence Acquisition: A multidisciplinary team of experts in various fields (sports medicine specialists, endocrinologists, and cardiologists) developed the guideline. This group did the task in four stages: (1) identifying and refining the subject area using 17 clinical questions; (2) appraising evidence through a systematic review of the literature; (3) extracting recommendations from evidence and grading them as A, B, C, or D based on the quality, quantity, and consistency of existing evidence; and (4) subjecting the guideline to external review and finally selecting the recommendations with high scores of appropriateness and agreement. The final version was evaluated and approved by the National Deputy for Curative Affairs - Ministry of Health and Medical Education and has also been endorsed by the Iran Endocrine Society (IES) and Iranian Association of Sports and Exercise Medicine (IASEM). Results: The guideline consists of 52 recommendations addressing 17 important questions concerning different aspects of exercise prescription in Iranian patients with diabetes. Conclusions: The guideline provides evidence-based information that may help physicians to prescribe exercise for Iranian patients with diabetes safely and effectively.
Insulin resistance: Relationship between indices during late gestation in dairy cows and effects on newborn metabolism$$$ To investigate the relationship between insulin resistance indices ["Revised quantitative insulin sensitivity check index" (RQUICKI; RQ), "Revised quantitative insulin sensitivity check index - beta-hydroxybutyrate" (RQUICKI(BHB); RQ(BHB)), and "Homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance" (HOMA-IR; HR)], and metabolic parameters in dams during late gestation, and their newborn calves. Blood was sampled twice weekly during the experimental period in 30 dry Holstein cows. In calves, blood sampling and body weight measurements were performed immediately after birth, and in 1-week-old male calves, liver and muscle biopsy samples were obtained for determining metabolic factor mRNA levels. RQ and RQ(BHB) were negatively correlated with insulin, nonesterified fatty acid, BHB, and albumin and were positively correlated with leptin levels in blood during late gestation (p < .05). RQ, rather than RQ(BHB), reflected metabolism of dams, while stronger positive correlations were present between HR and blood insulin concentrations than other parameters, and calves of dams with high HR had low body weight, and high liver and muscle expression of growth hormone and insulin receptor mRNA (p < .05). RQ and HR of dams during late gestation could serve as indicators of dam metabolism and predictors of metabolism in newborn calves respectively.
Causes of type 2 diabetes in China$$$ The prevalence of diabetes in China has increased substantially over recent decades, with more than 100 million people estimated to be affected by the disease presently. During this period there has been an increase in the rates of obesity and a reduction in physical activity. Many of the changes in lifestyle and diet are a result of increased economic development and urbanisation. In addition to an increasingly westernised diet, the traditional Chinese diet also plays a part, with the quantity and quality of rice intake linked to the risk of type 2 diabetes. Familial factors including inherited genetic variants are important, although differences in the genetic architecture suggest a different combination of genetic variants could be most relevant in Chinese when compared with Europeans. Recent advances have also emphasised the role of early life factors in the epidemic of diabetes and non-communicable diseases: maternal undernutrition, maternal obesity, and gestational diabetes are all linked to increased risk of diabetes in off spring. A mismatch between developmentally programmed biology and the modern environment is relevant for countries like China where there has been rapid economic transformation. Multisectoral efforts to address the risks will be needed at different stages throughout the lifecourse to reduce the burden of diabetes.
Effects of Taurine Supplementation on Hepatic Markers of Inflammation and Lipid Metabolism in Mothers and Offspring in the Setting of Maternal Obesity$$$ Maternal obesity is associated with obesity and metabolic disorders in offspring. However, intervention strategies to reverse or ameliorate the effects of maternal obesity on offspring health are limited. Following maternal undernutrition, taurine supplementation can improve outcomes in offspring, possibly via effects on glucose homeostasis and insulin secretion. The effects of taurine in mediating inflammatory processes as a protective mechanism has not been investigated. Further, the efficacy of taurine supplementation in the setting of maternal obesity is not known. Using a model of maternal obesity, we examined the effects of maternal taurine supplementation on outcomes related to inflammation and lipid metabolism in mothers and neonates. Time-mated Wistar rats were randomised to either: 1) control : control diet during pregnancy and lactation (CON); 2) CON supplemented with 1.5% taurine in drinking water (CT); 3) maternal obesogenic diet (high fat, high fructose) during pregnancy and lactation (MO); or 4) MO supplemented with taurine (MOT). Maternal and neonatal weights, plasma cytokines and hepatic gene expression were analysed. A MO diet resulted in maternal hyperinsulinemia and hyperleptinemia and increased plasma glucose, glutamate and TNF-alpha concentrations. Taurine normalised maternal plasma TNF-alpha and glutamate concentrations in MOT animals. Both MO and MOT mothers displayed evidence of fatty liver accompanied by alterations in key markers of hepatic lipid metabolism. MO neonates displayed a pro-inflammatory hepatic profile which was partially rescued in MOT offspring. Conversely, a pro-inflammatory phenotype was observed in MOT mothers suggesting a possible maternal trade-off to protect the neonate. Despite protective effects of taurine in MOT offspring, neonatal mortality was increased in CT neonates, indicating possible adverse effects of taurine in the setting of normal pregnancy. These data suggest that maternal taurine supplementation may ameliorate the adverse effects observed in offspring following a maternal obesogenic diet but these effects are dependent upon prior maternal nutritional background.
Long-term exercise improves metabolism during pregnancy in high-fat fed mice$$$ Background: Maternal obesity and abnormal glucose and lipid metabolism during pregnancy alter the intrauterine environment and these effects may persist in the offspring for a long time. Previous studies have reported that regular physical activity during pregnancy effectively improves maternal obesity and body metabolism. This study aimed to investigate whether exercising before and during pregnancy could affect energy metabolism during pregnancy. Methods: Female mice were subdivided into four groups based on standard chow diet and high-fat diet, (n = 10/group): SC, SC-Ex, HFD and HFD-Ex. On gestation days similar to 17-19, indirect calorimetry was performed to measure the energy metabolism and body composition analysis. Liver and serum tissues were taken to analyze the metabolism-related biochemical indicators. Results: During pregnancy, the weight between the four groups was gradually decreased, but exercise improved bodily composition. HFD elevated glucose, cholesterol, FFA, triglycer-ides, IL-6, insulin, leptin, and HOMA-IR. Exercise effectively increased energy metabolism and locomotor activity during pregnancy. In addition, exercise reduced liver Leucine-rich repeat-containing G protein-coupled receptor 4 (LGR4), mitochondrial uncoupling protein 2 (UCP2) protein expression, and increased pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase (PDK4), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma coactivator-1 alpha (PGC1 alpha), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR gamma) protein expression. Conclusions: These results suggest that long-term exercise (pre pregnancy and pregnancy) can effectively improve energy metabolism. Exercise has no significant effect on weight during the third trimester, but effectively improved body composition.
Use of cod liver oil during the first year of life is associated with lower risk of childhood-onset type 1 diabetes: a large, population-based, case-control study$$$ Background: In Norway, cod liver oil is an important source of dietary vitamin D and the long-chain n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, all of which have biological properties of potential relevance for the prevention of type 1 diabetes. Objective: The main objective was to investigate whether the use of dietary cod liver oil or other vitamin D supplements, either by the mother during pregnancy or by the child during the first year of life, is associated with a lower risk of type 1 diabetes among children. Design: We designed a nationwide case-control study in Norway with 545 cases of childhood-onset type 1 diabetes and 1668 population control subjects. Families were contacted by mail, and they completed a questionnaire on the frequency of use of cod liver oil and other vitamin D supplements and other relevant factors. Results: Use of cod liver oil in the first year of life was associated with a significantly lower risk of type 1 diabetes (adjusted odds ratio: 0.74; 95% CI: 0.56, 0.99). Use of other vitamin D supplements during the first year of life and maternal use of cod liver oil or other vitamin D supplements during pregnancy were not associated with type 1 diabetes. Conclusion: Cod liver oil may reduce the risk of type 1 diabetes, perhaps through the antimflammatory effects of long-chain n-3 fatty acids.
Glycine and urea kinetics in nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in human: effect of intralipid infusion$$$ Dasarathy S, Kasumov T, Edmison JM, Gruca LL, Bennett C, Duenas C, Marczewski S, McCullough AJ, Hanson RW, Kalhan SC. Glycine and urea kinetics in nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in human: effect of intralipid infusion. Am J Physiol Gastrointest Liver Physiol 297: G567-G575, 2009. First published July 1, 2009; doi:10.1152/ajpgi.00042.2009.-The rates of oxidation of glycine and ureagenesis were quantified in the basal state and in response to an intravenous infusion of intralipid with heparin (IL) in healthy subjects (n = 8) and in subjects with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) (n = 6). During fasting, no significant difference in weight-specific rate of appearance (R-a) of glycine, glycine oxidation, and urea synthesis was observed. Intralipid infusion resulted in a significant increase in plasma beta-hydroxybutyrate in both groups. The correlation between free fatty acids and beta-hydroxybutyrate concentration in plasma was 0.94 in NASH compared with 0.4 in controls, indicating greater hepatic fatty acid oxidation in NASH. Intralipid infusion resulted in a significant decrease in urea synthesis and glycine R-a in both groups and did not impact glycine oxidation. The fractional contribution of glycine carbon to serine was lower in subjects with NASH before and after IL infusion. In contrast, the fractional contribution of serine carbon to cystathionine was higher in NASH before and following IL infusion. These results suggest that hepatic fatty acid oxidation is higher in NASH compared with controls and that glycine oxidation and urea synthesis are not altered. An increase in oxidative stress, induced by a higher rate of fatty acid oxidation in NASH, may have caused an increase in the contribution of serine to cystathionine to meet the higher demands for glutathione.
Maternal High-Fructose Intake Activates Myogenic Program in Fetal Brown Fat and Predisposes Offspring to Diet-Induced Metabolic Dysfunctions in Adulthood$$$ Excess dietary fructose intake is a major public health concern due to its deleterious effect to cause various metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. However, little is known about the effects of high-fructose consumption during pregnancy on offspring metabolic health in adulthood. Here, we show that maternal consumption of 20% (w/v) fructose water during pregnancy does not alter the metabolic balance of offspring with a chow diet, but predisposes them to obesity, fatty liver, and insulin resistance when challenged by a high-fat diet. Mechanistically, diet-induced brown fat reprogramming and global energy expenditure in offspring of fructose-fed dams are impaired. RNA-seq analysis of the fetal brown fat tissue reveals that the myogenic pathway is predominantly upregulated in the fructose-treated group. Meanwhile, circulating fructose level is found to be significantly elevated in both fructose-fed dams and their fetuses. Importantly fructose gavage also acutely activates the myogenic program in mice brown fat. Together, our data suggest that maternal high-fructose intake impairs fetal brown fat development, resultantly attenuates diet-induced thermogenesis and causes metabolic disorders in adult offspring probably through inducing myogenic signature in brown fat at the fetal stage.
Thiazolidinediones - some recent developments$$$ The role of thiazolidinediones (currently rosiglitazone and pioglitazone) in the treatment of Type 2 diabetes is firmly established. The mechanism of action involves binding to the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma, a transcription factor that regulates the expression of specific genes especially in fat cells but also other cell types such as endothelial cells, macrophages and monocytes, vascular smooth muscle cells and colonic epithelium. Thiazolidinediones have been shown to interfere with expression and release of mediators of insulin resistance originating in adipose tissue (e.g., increased free fatty acids, decreased adiponectin) in a way that results in net improvement of insulin sensitivity (i.e., in muscle and liver). A direct or indirect effect on AMP-dependent protein kinase may also be involved. Prevention of lipid accumulation in tissues critical to glycaemia such as visceral adipocytes, liver, muscle and P-cells at the expense of lipids accumulating at the less harmful subcutaneous site may be central to their net metabolic effect. The sustained beneficial effect of troglitazone on P-cell function in women with previous gestational diabetes in addition to the insulin-sensitising properties point to an important role of this class of drugs in the prevention of Type 2 diabetes. Original safety concerns based on animal and in vitro studies (e.g., fatty bone marrow transformation, colonic cancer, adipogenic transdifferentiation of blood cells) remain theoretical issues but become less pressing practically with prolonged uneventful clinical use. Hepatotoxicity for troglitazone and fluid retention, which can aggravate pre-existing heart failure, are the most important side effects. In summary; with the thiazolidinediones, a novel concept for the treatment of insulin resistance and possibly preservation of P-cell function is available that could become effective in the prevention of Type 2 diabetes. Moreover, their anti-inflammatory properties also make them interesting in the prevention and treatment of atherosclerosis and possibly other inflammatory conditions (e.g., inflammatory bowel disease). Long-term data will be necessary for a final risk-benefit assessment of these substances.
Effects of late gestational high-fat diet on body weight, metabolic regulation and adipokine expression in offspring$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Gestational exposures such as dietary changes can alter offspring phenotype through epigenetic modifications and promote increased risk for specific diseases, such as metabolic syndrome. We hypothesized that high-fat diet (HFD) during late gestation would lead increased risk for insulin resistance and hyperlipidemia via associated epigenetic alterations in tissue adipocytokine genes. METHODS: Offspring mice of mothers fed a HFD during late gestation (HFDO) were weighed and their food intake measured weekly till age 20 weeks at which time glucose and insulin tolerance tests, plasma lipid and adipocytokine levels were assessed, as well as mRNA expression in visceral fat. Adipocytokine gene methylation levels in visceral fat, liver and muscle were also assayed. RESULTS: HFDO mice had increased weight accrual and food intake, and exhibited insulin resistance, hyperlipidemia and hyperleptinemia, as well as hypoadiponectinemia. Furthermore, increased methylation of adiponectin and leptin receptor, and decreased methylation of leptin genes with unchanged glucagon-like peptide-1 methylation patterns emerged in HFDO mice. CONCLUSIONS: Taken together, late gestational HFD induces increased risk of metabolic syndrome in the progeny, which is coupled with hypoadiponectinemia as well as with leptin resistance, and concomitant presence of selective tissue-based epigenetic changes among adipocytokine genes.
Non-communicable Diseases in Pregnant and Postpartum Women Living with HIV: Implications for Health Throughout the Life Course$$$ Purpose of Review The development of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) in pregnant women living with HIV can be a harbinger of future NCD-related morbidity and mortality. This review focuses on the NCDs that complicate pregnancy and the postpartum period, including hypertensive complications, hyperglycemic disorders, excessive gestational weight gain, and bone mineral density losses. For each disease process, we explore the role of HIV as a possible driver of excess risk, the immediate consequences of these complications on pregnancy outcomes and maternal and infant health, and possible implications for long-term women's health. Recent Findings Countries with the highest burden of HIV also shoulder a high burden of NCDs that complicate pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders, hyperglycemic disorders, weight gain, and osteopenia. This double burden of disease is a significant public health threat for reproductive-age women, with the potential for serious short- and long-term consequences for both women and their infants. Additionally, as the global first-line antiretroviral therapy regimens increasingly include integrase inhibitors, unhealthy weight gain associated with this drug class poses additional risk for NCD-related pregnancy complications and their persistence postpartum. Further research is needed to better define prevalence of NCD complications in pregnancy, elucidate HIV-specific and traditional factors associated with poor outcomes, and to develop interventions to reduce risk and avoid downstream complications in those at highest risk.
Prenatal Choline Supplementation during High-Fat Feeding Improves Long-Term Blood Glucose Control in Male Mouse Offspring$$$ Maternal obesity increases the risk of metabolic dysregulation in rodent offspring, especially when offspring are exposed to a high-fat (HF), obesogenic diet later in life. We previously demonstrated that maternal choline supplementation (MCS) in HF-fed mouse dams during gestation prevents fetal overgrowth and excess adiposity. In this study, we examined the long-term metabolic influence of MCS. C57BL/6J mice were fed a HF diet with or without choline supplementation prior to and during gestation. After weaning, their pups were exposed to either a HF or control diet for 6 weeks before measurements. Prenatal and post-weaning dietary treatments led to sexually dimorphic responses. In male offspring, while post-weaning HF led to impaired fasting glucose and worse glucose tolerance (p < 0.05), MCS in HF dams (HFCS) attenuated these changes. HFCS (versus maternal normal fat control) appeared to improve metabolic functioning of visceral adipose tissue during post-weaning HF feeding, preventing the elevation in leptin and increasing (p < 0.05) mRNA expression of insulin receptor substrate 1 (Irs1) that promotes peripheral insulin signaling in male offspring. In contrast, MCS had minimal effects on metabolic outcomes of female offspring. In conclusion, MCS during HF feeding in mice improves long-term blood glucose homeostasis in male offspring when they are faced with a postnatal obesogenic environment.
Effect of maternal chronic intermittent hypoxia during gestation on offspring growth in the rat$$$ OBJECTIVE: Obstructive sleep apnea, a breathing disorder caused by the repetitive collapse of the upper airway during sleep, results in a state of chronic intermittent hypoxia (CIH). Although the etiology and consequences of CIH are extensively investigated in the adult, the developmental ramifications of this disease process are unknown. DESIGN: This study was done to investigate the effect of CIH during gestation on offspring development. Pregnant female Spraque-Dawley rats were exposed to daily CIH throughout the gestational period. RESULTS: Postnatal day-1 offspring from CIH mothers were asymmetrically growth restricted, with decreased body weights and elevated brain-weight: liver-weight ratios. Furthermore, CIH newborns had elevated heart-and brain-weight: body weight ratios, and decreased liver-weight: body weight ratios. By adulthood, body weights of growth restricted offspring were significantly greater, as were the liver-weight: body weight ratios. CIH offspring also had greater body fat deposition, were hyperglycemic and had elevated plasma levels of insulin during development into adults. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that alteration of the maternal intrauterine environment by gestational CIH effects the long-term development of the offspring and increases the risk of the offspring to metabolic diseases in adulthood.
High vitamin intake by Wistar rats during pregnancy alters tissue fatty acid concentration in the offspring fed an obesogenic diet$$$ Diet during pregnancy affects the long-term health of the offspring. Vitamins are known to modulate lipid metabolism, which may be reflected in tissue fatty acid (FA) concentrations. The objective of this Study was to investigate the effect of high vitamin intake during pregnancy on tissue FA concentration of the offspring. Wistar rats were fed an AIN-93G diet with either the recommended vitamin or 10-fold higher amounts (HV) during pregnancy. Afterward, offspring were weaned onto an obesogenic diet. Liver, quadriceps. adipose, and brain were collected over 48 weeks. Fatty acid concentration Of tissue total lipids was analyzed by gas chromatography. At birth, the liver from HV offspring was higher in monounsaturated, stearic, and arachidonic acids. At weaning, the liver from HV offspring was higher in stearic and oleic acids and in adipose tissue, n-6 and n-3 FAs were lower only in the male HV offspring (P <.05). At 12 weeks, HV offspring had higher concentrations of total fat, saturates, monounsaturates, and n-6 FA in muscle (P <.05), but not in other tissues. At 48 weeks, gestational diet did not affect tissue total lipid FA concentrations; but differences remained in specific tissue phospholipids species. Liver phospholipids from HV offspring were lower in monounsaturates and n-6 FA. Brain phosphatidylethanolamine was higher in oleic, n-6 FA, and docosahexaenoic acid in the HV offspring. Phosphatidylinositol was lower in Saturates, monounsaturates, arachidonic, and docosahexaenoic acids only in HV female offspring. These observations demonstrate that high vitamin intake during pregnancy has short- and long-term effects on tissue FA concentration in the offspring. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
High oleic/stearic fatty-acid desaturation index in cord plasma from infants of mothers with gestational diabetes$$$ OBJECTIVE: Enhanced fatty-acid desaturation by stearoyl-CoA desaturase enzyme-1 (SCD1) is associated with obesity. This study determined desaturation in the cord plasma of newborns of mothers with and without gestational diabetes (GDM). STUDY DESIGN: Newborns of mothers with GDM (n = 21) and without (control, n = 22) were recruited. Cord plasma fatty-acid desaturation indices (palmitoleic/palmitic, oleic/stearic ratios) were compared, and correlated with anthropometrics and biochemical measures. A subset of very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) desaturation indices were determined to approximate the liver SCD1 activity. RESULT: The total oleic/stearic index was higher in GDM, despite adjustment for cord glucose concentrations. Among GDM and controls, the oleic/stearic index correlated with cord glucose concentrations (r(s)=0.36, P=0.02). Both palmitoleic/palmitic and oleic/stearic indices correlated with waist circumference (r=0.47, P=0.001; r =0.37, P=0.01). The VLDL oleic/stearic index was higher in GDM. CONCLUSION: The elevated total oleic/stearic index suggests increased lipogenesis in GDM newborns. Factors in addition to glucose supply may influence fetal SCD1 activity.
Selective regulation of hepatic lipid metabolism by the AMP-activated protein kinase pathway in late-pregnant rats$$$ The liver plays an essential role in maternal metabolic adaptation during late pregnancy. With regard to lipid metabolism, increased secretion of very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) is characteristic of late pregnancy. Despite this well-described metabolic plasticity, the molecular changes underlying the hepatic adaptation to pregnancy remain unclear. As AMPK is a key intracellular energy sensor, we investigated whether this protein assumes a causal role in the hepatic adaptation to pregnancy. Pregnant Wistar rats were treated with vehicle or AICAR (5-aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide ribonucleotide) for 5 days starting at gestational day 14. At the end of treatment, the rats were subjected to an intraperitoneal pyruvate tolerance test and in situ liver perfusion with pyruvate. The livers were processed for Western blot analysis, quantitative PCR, thin-layer chromatography, enzymatic activity, and glycogen content measurements. Blood biochemical profiles were also assessed. We found that AMPK and ACC phosphorylation were reduced in the livers of pregnant rats in parallel with a reduced level of hepatic gluconeogenesis of pyruvate. This effect was accompanied by both a reduction in the levels of hepatic triglycerides (TG) and an increase in circulating levels of TG. Treatment with AICAR restored hepatic levels of TG to those observed in nonpregnant rats. Additionally, AMPK activation reduced the upregulation of genes related to VLDL synthesis and secretion observed in the livers of pregnant rats. We conclude that the increased secretion of hepatic TG in late pregnancy is concurrent with a transcriptional profile that favors VLDL production. This transcriptional profile results from the reduction in hepatic AMPK activity.
Traditional and novel aspects of the metabolic actions of growth hormone$$$ Growth hormone has been known to be diabetogenic for almost a century and it's diabetogenic properties fostered consideration of excessive and abnormal GH secretion as a cause of diabetes, as well as a role in the microvascular complications, especially retinopathy. However, besides inducing insulin resistance, GH also is lipolytic and a major anabolic hormone for nitrogen retention and protein synthesis. These actions are best illustrated at the extremes of GH secretion: Gigantism/acromegaly is characterized by excessive growth, CHO intolerance, hyperplasia of bone, little body fat and prominent muscle development, whereas total deficiency of GH secretion or action is associated with adiposity, poor growth, and poor muscle development. These actions also become apparent during puberty and pregnancy, times when GH secretion is increased and account for the characteristic changes in body composition and tendency to diabetes. More recently, tissue specific deletions of the GH receptor (GHR), have uncovered newer metabolic effects including it's essential role in triglyceride export from the liver when GHR is deleted in the liver, leading to hepatic steatosis and ultimately to hepatic adenoma formation, effects which may explain these findings in obesity, a state of diminished GH secretion and action. In addition deletion of GH action in muscle and fat is associated with specific patterns of disturbed phenotype and metabolic effects in CHO, fat, and protein metabolism affecting the specific tissue and whole body function. This chapter provides an overview of these classic and newer metabolic functions of GH, placing this hormone and its actions in a central role of body fuel economy in health and disease. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Autism Spectrum Disorders in Offspring Exposed to Maternal Gestational Diabetes: a Meta-Analysis and Systematic Review$$$ The association between maternal diabetes and risk of autism spectrum disorder in offspring was not completely consistent. We performed an updated and systematic review and meta-analysis with relevant studies published until 6 August 2020. We included 17 publications, describing 15 studies, including 1,751,537 participants. Exposure to maternal diabetes in utero was correlated to an increased risk of ASD (effect estimate 1.30 [95% CI: 1.16-1.46]). Offspring exposure to maternal diabetes with antidiabetic medication has a heightened risk of ASD by 48% than offspring with a non-diabetic mother, and 42% than offspring with diabetic mother not receiving medical treatment. Exposure to maternal diabetes in utero increases the risk of ASD in offspring, especially exposure to maternal diabetes with antidiabetic medication.
Intrauterine hyperglycemia induces liver inflammation in mouse male offspring$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy characterized by intrauterine hyperglycemia, which is often associated with a high risk of obesity and diabetes in the offspring. In this study, we established a GDM mouse model by intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin to investigate the immunoinflammatory responses in the liver of adult offspring. Glucose tolerance test (GTT) and insulin tolerance test (ITT) were employed to evaluate the glucose tolerance status. Hematoxylin-eosin staining was used to examine the histological changes in the liver. Quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) was applied to examine the mRNA expression of immune factors. Western blot and immunofluorescence analyses were used to examine the expression of target protein. Additionally, cell experiments were performed to validate the in vivo results. Compared to the control group, the area of fat vacuoles and the number of lymphocyte cells were significantly higher in the 20 weeks-old offspring of GDM mice. The elevated mRNA level of the pro-inflammatory cytokines IL-1 beta, IL-6, IL-33 and immune receptors CD3 and CD36 were found in the liver of F1-GDM. The protein level of IL-6r and the phosphorylation of JAK2 and STAT3 were significantly up-regulated. Moreover, the mRNA level of IL-6, IL-1 beta and IL-33 and the phosphorylation of JAK2 and STAT3 were also up-regulated in the hepatocyte treated with high concentration of glucose. Our results suggest that intrauterine hyperglycemia is associated with increased inflammation in the liver of adult male offspring.
Grandmaternal exercise improves metabolic health of second-generation offspring$$$ Objective: A major factor in the growing world-wide epidemic of obesity and type 2 diabetes is the increased risk of transmission of metabolic disease from obese mothers to both first (F1) and second (F2) generation offspring. Fortunately, recent pre-clinical studies demonstrate that exercise before and during pregnancy improves F1 metabolic health, providing a potential means to disrupt this cycle of disease. Whether the beneficial effects of maternal exercise can also be transmitted to the F2 generation has not been investigated. Methods: C57BL/6 female mice were fed a chow or high-fat diet (HFD) and housed in individual cages with or without running wheels for 2 wks before breeding and during gestation. Male F1 offspring were sedentary and chow-fed, and at 8-weeks of age were bred with age-matched females from untreated parents. This resulted in 4 F2 groups based on grandmaternal treatment: chow sedentary; chow trained; HFD sedentary; HFD trained. F2 were sedentary and chow-fed and studied up to 52-weeks of age. Results: We find that grandmaternal exercise improves glucose tolerance and decreases fat mass in adult F2 males and females, in the absence of any treatment intervention of the F1 after birth. Grandmaternal exercise also improves F2 liver metabolic function, including favorable effects on gene and miRNA expression, triglyceride concentrations and hepatocyte glucose production. Conclusion: Grandmaternal exercise has beneficial effects on the metabolic health of grandoffspring, demonstrating an important means by which exercise during pregnancy could help reduce the worldwide incidence of obesity and type 2 diabetes. (c) 2022 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier GmbH.
Differences in preterm and term milk fatty acid compositions may be caused by the different hormonal milieu of early parturition$$$ Introduction: The hormonal milieus of pregnancy and lactation are driving forces of nutrient fluxes supporting infant growth and development. The decrease of insulin sensitivity with compensatory hyperinsulinemia with advancing gestation, causes adipose tissue lipolysis and hepatic de novo lipogenesis (DNL). Subjects and methods: We compared fatty acid (FA) contents and FA-indices for enzyme activities between preterm (28-36 weeks) and term (37-42) milks, and between colostrum (2-5 days), transitional (6-15) and mature (16-56) milks. We interpreted FA differences between preterm and term milks, and their changes with lactation, in terms of the well known decrease of insulin sensitivity during gestation and its subsequent postpartum restoration, respectively. Results: Compared with term colostrum, preterm colostrum contained higher indices of DNL in the breast (DNL-breast) and medium chain saturated-FA (MCSAFA), and lower DNL-liver and monounsaturated-FA (MUFA). Preterm milk also had higher docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in colostrum and transitional milk and higher arachidonic acid (AA) in mature milk. Most preterm-term differences vanished with advancing lactation. In both preterm and term milks, DNL-breast and MCSAFA increased with advancing lactation, while DNL-liver, MUFA, long chain SAFA and AA decreased. DHA decreased in term milk. MUFA was inversely related to MCSAFA in all samples, correlated inversely with PUFA in colostrum and transitional milks, but positively in mature milk. MCSAFA correlated inversely with PUFA in mature milk. Conclusion: Higher maternal insulin sensitivity at preterm birth may be the cause of lower MUFA (a proxy for DNL-liver) and higher MCSAFA (a proxy for DNL-breast) in preterm colostrum, compared with term colostrum. Restoring insulin sensitivity after delivery may be an important driving force for milk FA-changes in early lactation. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) administration to early-lactating dairy cows. I. Effects on signaling and indices of insulin action$$$ Modern dairy cows rely on hormonally driven mechanisms to coordinate the metabolic adaptations needed to meet the energy and nutrient deficits of early lactation. In the case of glucose, dairy cows cope with its scarcity during early lactation via reduced plasma concentrations of insulin and the insulin sensitizing hormone adiponectin and increased insulin resistance. Reduced insulin action promotes diversion of available glucose to the mammary gland but increases susceptibility to diseases if excessive. In earlier work, we reported that the insulin sensitizing hormone fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) is increased in periparturient dairy cows and identified liver and adipose tissue as possible targets. These observations raised the possibility that FGF21 acts directly on these tissues to limit the insulin resistance of early lactation. To test this hypothesis, dairy cows were randomly assigned on d 12.6 +/- 2.2 (+/- standard error) of lactation to receive either excipient (n = 6) or recombinant human FGF21 (n = 7), first as an FGF21 bolus of 3 mg/kg of body weight, followed 2 d later by a constant i.v. infusion of FGF21 at the rate of 6.3 mg/kg of metabolic body weight for 9 consecutive days. Biopsies of liver and adipose tissue were collected during the bolus phase of the experiment and used to analyze FGF21 signaling by Western blotting and expression of its receptor components by quantitative PCR. Bolus FGF21 administration caused a 4-fold increase in p44/42 MAPK (ERK1/2) activation in adipose tissue but had no effect on AKT and signal transducer and activator of transcription-3 (STAT3) signaling. The liver expressed negligible levels of the preferred FGF21 receptor FGFR1c and failed to mount any FGF21 signaling response. The FGF21 administered as a bolus had no effect on plasma glucose or insulin and did not stimulate an acute release of adiponectin from adipose tissue. Similarly, FGF21 infusion had no effect on plasma levels of glucose or insulin measured over the 9-d infusion or on glucose disposal during an i.v. glucose tolerance test performed on d 8 of infusion. Finally, the chronic FGF21 infusion had no effect on indices of adiponectin production, including plasma adiponectin arid adipose tissue mRNA abundance of adiponectin and the endoplasmic reticulum chaperones ERO1A and DSBA-L involved in the assembly of adiponectin into multimeric complexes. These data show that human FGF21 does riot act as an insulin sensitizer during the energy and glucose deficit of early lactation but do not rule out such a role in other physiological states.
Impact of Maternal Obesity on the Metabolism and Bioavailability of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids during Pregnancy and Breastfeeding$$$ Prenatal and postnatal development are closely related to healthy maternal conditions that allow for the provision of all nutritional requirements to the offspring. In this regard, an appropriate supply of fatty acids (FA), mainly n-3 and n-6 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA), is crucial to ensure a normal development, because they are an integral part of cell membranes and participate in the synthesis of bioactive molecules that regulate multiple signaling pathways. On the other hand, maternal obesity and excessive gestational weight gain affect FA supply to the fetus and neonate, altering placental nutrient transfer, as well as the production and composition of breast milk during lactation. In this regard, maternal obesity modifies FA profile, resulting in low n-3 and elevated n-6 PUFA levels in maternal and fetal circulation during pregnancy, as well as in breast milk during lactation. These modifications are associated with a pro-inflammatory state and oxidative stress with short and long-term consequences in different organs of the fetus and neonate, including in the liver, brain, skeletal muscle, and adipose tissue. Altogether, these changes confer to the offspring a higher risk of developing obesity and its complications, as well as neuropsychiatric disorders, asthma, and cancer. Considering the consequences of an abnormal FA supply to offspring induced by maternal obesity, we aimed to review the effects of obesity on the metabolism and bioavailability of FA during pregnancy and breastfeeding, with an emphasis on LCPUFA homeostasis.
Lipid overload during gestation and lactation can independently alter lipid homeostasis in offspring and promote metabolic impairment after new challenge to high-fat diet$$$ Background: Nutritional status in early life is critically involved in the metabolic phenotype of offspring. However the changes triggered by maternal consumption of high-fat diet (HFD) in pre- or postnatal period should be better understood. Here we evaluated whether maternal HFD consumption during gestation and lactation could differently affect liver miR-122 and miR-370 expression leading to metabolic damages observed in offspring. Moreover, we investigate whether early overnutrition program offspring to more harmful response to HFD in later life. Methods: Female mice were fed either a standard chow (SC) diet or a HFD three weeks before and during mating, gestation and/or lactation. Offspring were evaluated on the delivery day (d0), in a cross-fostering model at day 28 (d28) and in adult life, after a re-challenge with a HFD (d82). Results: In vitro analysis using liver cell line showed that palmitate could induced decrease in miR-122 and increase in miR-370 expression. Newborn pups (d0) from obese dams showed a decrease in lipid oxidation markers (Cpt1a and Acadvl), an increase in triacylglycerol synthesis markers (Agpat and Gpam), as well as lower miR-122 and higher miR-370 hepatic content that was inversely correlated to maternal serum NEFA and TAG. Pups fostered to SC dams presented an increase in body weight and Agpat/Gpam expression at d28 compared to pups fostered to HFD dams and an inverse correlation was observed between miR-122 hepatic expression and offspring serum TAG. In adult life (d82), the reintroduction of HFD resulted in higher body weight gain and hepatic lipid content. These effects were accompanied by impairment in lipid and glucose metabolism, demonstrated by reduced Cpt1a/Acadvl and increased Agpat/Gpam expression, lower glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity. Conclusion: Our data suggest that both gestational and lactation overnutrition results in metabolic changes that can permanently alter lipid homeostasis in offspring. The presence of fatty acids in maternal blood and milk seem to be responsible for modulating the expression of miR-122 and miR-370, which are involved in liver metabolism. These alterations significantly increase susceptibility to obesity and ectopic lipid accumulation and lead to a more harmful response to HFD in offspring.
Use of dietary supplements in pregnant women in relation to sociodemographic factors - a report from The Environmental Determinants of Diabetes in the Young (TEDDY) study$$$ Objectives The aim of the present study was to examine the prevalence and associated factors of dietary supplement use, particularly supplements containing vitamin D and fatty acids, in pregnant women enrolled in a multi-national study. Design The Environmental Determinants of Diabetes in the Young (TEDDY) study is a prospective longitudinal cohort study. Maternal dietary supplement use was self-reported through questionnaires at month 3 to 4 postpartum. Setting Six clinical research centres; three in the USA (Colorado, Georgia/Florida and Washington) and three in Europe (Sweden, Finland and Germany). Subjects Mothers (n 7326) to infants screened for high-risk HLA-DQ genotypes of type 1 diabetes. Results Ninety-two per cent of the 7326 women used one or more types of supplement during pregnancy. Vitamin D supplements were taken by 65 % of the women, with the highest proportion of users in the USA (80 center dot 5 %). Overall, 16 % of the women reported taking fatty acid supplements and a growing trend was seen in all countries between 2004 and 2010 (P < 0 center dot 0001). The use was more common in Germany (32 %) and the USA (24 %) compared with Finland (8 center dot 5 %) and Sweden (7 center dot 0 %). Being pregnant with the first child was a strong predictor for any supplement use in all countries. Low maternal age (<25 years), higher education, BMI >= 25 center dot 0 kg/m(2) and smoking during pregnancy were factors associated with supplement use in some but not all countries. Conclusions The majority of the women used dietary supplements during pregnancy. The use was associated with sociodemographic and behavioural factors, such as parity, maternal age, education, BMI and maternal smoking.
Effects of a maternal diet supplemented with chocolate and fructose beverage during gestation and lactation on rat dams and their offspring$$$ 1. Consumption of a high-fat and high-energy diet during pregnancy leads to a risk of long-term consequences on fetal development, as well as on the postnatal health of offspring. To investigate the effects of such a diet on fetal programming, we established a high-energy intake pregnant rat model using chocolate and fructose beverage as supplements to a normal chow diet. 2. Pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were assigned to either chow (control) or a diet supplemented with chocolate and fructose beverage throughout gestation and lactation. The male F(1) pups received normal chow diet after weaning. Physiological or pathological changes in dams and pups (e. g. glucose and lipid metabolism) were evaluated. 3. The results showed that dams offered the high-fat (mainly from chocolate) and high-calorie diet during gestation consumed more energy and gained more weight than chow-fed dams. Over-consumption of chocolate reduced chow intake in dams, leading to low maternal protein supply. As a result, pups from these dams exhibited reduced birth weight that lasted until adulthood. The high-energy diet during lactation led to increased total body fat, as well as impaired liver function, in offspring; thus, the lactational diet is suggested to be a stronger determinant of offspring fat metabolism than gestational diet. 4. The results of the study suggest that over-supply of carbohydrates, such as chocolate and fructose, either during gestation or lactation has a negative impact on the well-being of offspring.
A maternal diet of fatty fish reduces body fat of offspring compared with a maternal diet of beef and a post-weaning diet of fish improves insulin sensitivity and lipid profile in adult C57BL/6 male mice$$$ AimThe maternal diet during pregnancy and lactation may affect the long-term health of the offspring. Our aim was to study how a fish or meat diet perinatal and after weaning affects body composition, insulin sensitivity and the profile of n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in breast milk, fat depots, skeletal muscle and liver in male adult mice offspring. MethodsDuring gestation and lactation, C57BL/6 dams were fed a herring- or beef-based diet. Half of the pups in each group changed diets after weaning. In offspring, body composition measured by DEXA, plasma lipid profile and insulin sensitivity measured by euglycemic clamp or QUICKI were monitored to adulthood. Analysis of total FAs by GC-MS were performed in the diet, breast milk and in different tissues. ResultsAt 9week of age, offspring of herring-fed dams had less body fat than offspring of beef-fed dams. Mice fed herring after weaning had increased insulin sensitivity at 15week of age, reduced total plasma cholesterol and triglyceride levels, and compared with beef-fed mice, larger interscapular brown adipose tissue depots. The FA composition of the maternal diet was mirrored in breast milk, and the herring diet significantly affected the FA profile of different tissues, leading to an increased content of n-3 PUFAs. ConclusionA herring-based maternal diet reduces body fat in the offspring, but the insulin sensitivity, plasma lipids and amount of brown adipose tissue are affected by the offspring's own diet; the herring diet is more beneficial than the beef diet.
PLACENTAL GLYCOGEN-METABOLISM IN DIABETIC PREGNANCY$$$ Glycogen content in the normal placenta decreases gradually towards term. However, in human diabetes and in rat streptozotocin diabetes two- to tenfold increases in placental glycogen level were found during the pregnancy. This elevation was evident in rats per tissue weight, protein or DNA content and was also seen in insulin-treated and gestational diabetics. Electron microscopic investigation of diabetic rat placenta revealed glycogen deposition in the typical glycogen cells, also in junctional zone cells and in all cells of the placental labyrinth. Placental glycogen accumulation in diabetes occurs in marked contrast to other tissues, such as maternal liver, from which glycogen disappears. Liver and muscle glycogenesis and glycogenolysis are under insulin control, by regulation of the activities of glycogen synthase and phosphorylase. However, in the placenta these enzymes are not meaningfully influenced by insulin in in vivo and in vitro studies. In our and other laboratories the activities of both enzymes somewhat increased or decreased, showing no trend conducive to glycogen accumulation. Placenta is glucose dependent, but the role of insulin its carbohydrate metabolism is doubtful. Despite the high placental concentration of insulin receptors no metabolic outcome has yet been pointed out. Glycogen accumulation in the placenta of diabetic rats was found to be related to the extent of maternal hyperglycemia. The resultant markedly increased intracellular level of glucose-6-phosphate accelerates glycogen synthesis b. Glucose itself activates glycogen synthase and deactivates glycogen phosphorylase. Continuous glucose infusion to nondiabetic pregnant rats on gestation days 18-21 likewise also caused an increase in placental glycogen in correlation with hyperglycemia. The possibility that placental glycogen is under the control of fetal rather than maternal insulin was explored by producing insulin deficiency through intrafetal streptozotocin injection. There was no effect of fetal "diabetes" on placental glycogen synthesis or on the distribution of placental glycogen between the maternal and fetal segments of the placenta, while it caused a marked decrease in the fetal liver glycogen content and fetal body weight. To assess the availability of placental glycogen as an energy source the placental glycogenolysis was investigated after hormonal stimulation. Catecholamines were effective in inducing lactate formation both in vivo and in vitro in nondiabetic and diabetic rats. Protracted activation of the adenylate cyclase system by cholera toxin administration pronouncedly reduced placental glycogen in vivo.
Circulating exosomes decrease in size and increase in number between birth and age 7: relations to fetal growth and liver fat$$$ Purpose: Exosomes play a key role in cell-to-cell communication by transferring their cargo to target tissues. Little is known on the course of exosome size and number in infants and children.Methods: Longitudinally, we assessed the size and number of circulating exosomes at birth and at ages 2 and 7 yr in 75 infants/children born appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA; n=40) or small-for-gestational-age (SGA; n=35 with spontaneous catch-up), and related those results to concomitantly assessed measures of endocrine-metabolic health (HOMA-IR; IGF-1), body composition (by DXA at ages 0 and 2) and abdominal fat partitioning (subcutaneous, visceral and hepatic fat by MRI at age 7).Results: Circulating exosomes of AGAs decreased in size (on average by 4.2%) and increased in number (on average by 77%) between birth and age 7. Circulating exosomes of SGAs (as compared to those of AGAs) had a larger size at birth [146.8 vs 137.8 nm, respectively; p=0.02], and were in lower number at ages 2 [4.3x10(11) vs 5.6x10(11 )particles/mL, respectively; p=0.01] and 7 [6.3x10(11) vs 6.8x10(11) particles/mL, respectively; p=0.006]. Longitudinal changes were thus more pronounced in SGAs for exosome size, and in AGAs for exosome number. At age 7, exosome size associated (P<0.0001) to liver fat in the whole study population.Conclusion: Early-life changes in circulating exosomes include a minor decrease in size and a major increase in number, and these changes may be influenced by fetal growth. Exosome size may become one of the first circulating markers of liver fat in childhood.
Use of dietary supplements in pregnant women in relation to sociodemographic factors - a report from The Environmental Determinants of Diabetes in the Young (TEDDY) study$$$ Objectives: The aim of the present study was to examine the prevalence and associated factors of dietary supplement use, particularly supplements containing vitamin D and fatty acids, in pregnant women enrolled in a multi-national study. Design: The Environmental Determinants of Diabetes in the Young (TEDDY) study is a prospective longitudinal cohort study. Maternal dietary supplement use was self-reported through questionnaires at month 3 to 4 postpartum. Setting: Six clinical research centres; three in the USA (Colorado, Georgia/Florida and Washington) and three in Europe (Sweden, Finland and Germany). Subjects: Mothers (n 7326) to infants screened for high-risk HLA-DQ genotypes of type 1 diabetes. Results: Ninety-two per cent of the 7326 women used one or more types of supplement during pregnancy. Vitamin D supplements were taken by 65% of the women, with the highest proportion of users in the USA (80.5 %). Overall, 16% of the women reported taking fatty acid supplements and a growing trend was seen in all countries between 2004 and 2010 (P < 0.0001). The use was more common in Germany (32 %) and the USA (24 %) compared with Finland (8.5%) and Sweden (7.0 %). Being pregnant with the first child was a strong predictor for any supplement use in all countries. Low maternal age (<25 years), higher education, BMI >= 25.0 kg/m(2) and smoking during pregnancy were factors associated with supplement use in some but not all countries. Conclusions: The majority of the women used dietary supplements during pregnancy. The use was associated with sociodemographic and behavioural factors, such as parity, maternal age, education, BMI and maternal smoking.
Maternal First-Trimester Cow-Milk Intake Is Positively Associated with Childhood General and Abdominal Visceral Fat Mass and Lean Mass but Not with Other Cardiometabolic Risk Factors at the Age of 10 Years$$$ Background: Higher maternal cow-milk intake during pregnancy is associated with higher fetal growth measures and higher birth weight. Objective: The aim of this study was to assess the associations of maternal milk intake during pregnancy with body fat measures and cardiometabolic risk factors at the age of 10 y. Methods: In a population-based cohort of Dutch mothers and their children (n = 2466) followed from early pregnancy onwards, we assessed maternal first-trimester milk intake (milk and milk drinks) by food-frequency questionnaire. Maternal milk intake was categorized into 0-0.9, 1-1.9, 2-2.9, 3-3.9, 4-4.9, and >= 5 glasses/d, with 1 glass equivalent to 150 mL milk. For children at the age of 10 y, we calculated BMI and obtained detailed measures of body and organ fat by DM and MRI. We also measured blood pressure and lipid, insulin, and glucose concentrations. Data were analyzed using linear and logistic regression models. Results: Compared with children whose mothers consumed 0-0.9 glass of milk/d during their pregnancy, those whose mothers consumed >= 5 glasses of milk/d had a 0.29 SD (95% CI: 0.10, 0.48) higher BMI, 0.27 SD (95% CI: 0.08, 0.47) higher fat mass, 0.26 SD (95% CI: 0.07, 0.46) higher lean mass, 0.30 SD (95% CI: 0.09, 0.50) higher android-to-gynoid fat mass ratio and 0.38 SD (95% CI: 0.09, 0.67) higher abdominal visceral fat mass. After correction for multiple comparisons, groups of maternal milk intake were not associated with pericardial fat mass index, liver fat fraction, blood pressure, or lipid, insulin, or glucose concentrations (P values >0.0125). Conclusions: Our results suggest that maternal first-trimester milk intake is positively associated with childhood general and abdominal visceral fat mass and lean mass, but not with other cardiometabolic risk factors.
Placental transfer of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFA)$$$ Considerable evidence exists for marked beneficial effects of omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFA) during pregnancy. The omega-3 LCPUFA docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is incorporated in large amounts in fetal brain and other tissues during the second half of pregnancy, and several studies have provided evidence for a link between early DHA status of the mother and visual and cognitive development of her child after birth. Moreover, the supplementation of omega-3 LC-PUFA during pregnancy increases slightly infant size at birth, and significantly reduces early preterm birth before 34 weeks of gestation by 31%. In our studies using stable isotope methodology in vivo, we demonstrated active and preferential materno-fetal transfer of DHA across the human placenta and found the expression of human placental fatty acid binding and transport proteins. From the correlation of DHA values with placental fatty acid transport protein 4 (FATP 4), we conclude that this protein is of key importance in mediating DHA transport across the human placenta. Given the great importance of placental DHA transport for infant outcome, further studies are needed to fully appreciate the effects and optimal strategies of omega-3 fatty acid interventions in pregnancy, dose response relationships, and the potential differences between subgroups of subjects such as women with gestational diabetes or other gestational pathology. Such studies should contribute to optimize substrate intake during pregnancy and lactation that may improve pregnancy outcome as well as fetal growth and development.
Maternal body mass index, gestational weight gain, and childhood abdominal, pericardial, and liver fat assessed by magnetic resonance imaging$$$ Background/Objectives Maternal obesity and excessive gestational weight gain are associated with an increased risk of obesity in offspring. It remains unclear whether maternal adiposity also affects organ fat, which has important adverse cardiometabolic health consequences and whether the associations reflect intrauterine causal mechanisms. We examined the associations of parental pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and gestational weight gain with general, abdominal, pericardial, and liver fat in 10-year-old children. Subjects/Methods In a population-based prospective cohort study among 2354 parents and their children, we obtained prepregnancy maternal and paternal BMI and gestational weight gain and offspring BMI, fat mass index (total fat/height(4)) by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, and subcutaneous fat index (subcutaneous fat/height(4)), visceral fat index (visceral fat/height(3)), pericardial fat index (pericardial fat/height(3)), and liver fat fraction by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) at 10 years. Results A 1-standard deviation score (SDS) higher maternal pre-pregnancy BMI was associated with higher childhood BMI (difference 0.32 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.28, 0.36) SDS), fat mass index (difference 0.28 (95% CI 0.24, 0.31) SDS), subcutaneous fat index (difference 0.26 (95% CI 0.22, 0.30) SDS), visceral fat index (difference 0.24 (95% CI 0.20, 0.28) SDS), pericardial fat index (difference 0.12 (95% CI 0.08, 0.16) SDS), and liver fat fraction (difference 0.15 (95% CI 0.11, 0.19) SDS). After conditioning each MRI adiposity measure on BMI at 10 years, higher maternal pre-pregnancy BMI remained associated with higher childhood subcutaneous and visceral fat indices. Smaller but not statistically different effect estimates were observed for paternal BMI. Gestational weight gain was not consistently associated with organ fat. Conclusions Higher maternal pre-pregnancy BMI, but not gestational weight gain, was associated with higher general and organ fat. Similar associations of pre-pregnancy maternal and paternal BMI with offspring adiposity suggest a role of family shared lifestyle factors and genetics.
Maternal low-protein diet alters hepatic lipid accumulation and gene expression related to glucose metabolism in young adult mouse offspring fed a postweaning high-fat diet$$$ Maternal consumption of low-protein (LP) diet during pregnancy has been demonstrated to increase the chances of adult offspring developing metabolic syndrome, and this risk can be exacerbated when the postnatal diets do not align with the prenatal conditions. However, in our previous study, focusing on serum parameters and gene expression patterns within adipose tissue, we discovered the presence of "healthy obesity" in young adult offspring from dams that were fed an LP, as a response to a postweaning high-fat (HF) diet. Here, we subse-quently investigated the role played by the liver and skeletal muscle in alleviation of insulin resistance in male offspring that were fed either control (C/C group) or HF diet (C/HF and LP/HF groups) for 22 weeks. While a postweaning HF diet increased liver weight and hepatic triglyceride (TG) and cholesterol levels in offspring of control dams, these levels were lower in the LP/HF group compared to the C/HF group. Analysis of the liver transcriptome identified 430 differentially expressed genes (DEGs) in the LP/HF and C/HF comparison. Espe-cially, downregulated DEGs were enriched in carbohydrate metabolism and the levels of DEGs were significantly correlated with the levels of markers for serum glucose homeostasis and hepatic lipid accumulation. In the LP/HF group compared to the C/HF group, there was a decrease in the gastrocnemius muscle weight, while no dif-ferences were observed in gene expression levels associated with muscle fiber phenotype, mitochondrial func-tion, and inflammation. In conclusion, maternal LP diet induced changes in lipid and glucose metabolism within the liver, similar to what was observed in adipose tissue, while there were no alterations in metabolic functions in the skeletal muscle in young offspring mice fed an HF diet. Further research that investigating the enduring impact of nutritional transition on offspring is essential to gain a comprehensive grasp of developmental pro-gramming throughout their entire lifespan.
PATHOPHYSIOLOGY OF TRANSIENT CRANIAL DIABETES-INSIPIDUS DURING PREGNANCY$$$ OBJECTIVE We investigated the possible mechanisms underlying transient cranial diabetes insipidus during pregnancy. DESIGN AND PATIENTS A woman who developed clinical diabetes insipidus during the third trimester of pregnancy was studied through a total of three pregnancies and postpartum. MEASUREMENTS Plasma AVP, urine and plasma osmolality, urine volume and specific gravity were measured during water deprivation tests and hypertonic saline infusion. Plasma and urine osmolality were measured after subcutaneous injection of AVP. The water deprivation and AVP test were repeated after proven inhibition of urinary PGE2 with aspirin. Serum vasopressinase activity was measured during one of the pregnancies affected with diabetes insipidus and compared with that obtained between 26 and 38 weeks from 13 normal pregnancies. RESULTS The patient was found to have cranial diabetes insipidus which responded to low dose intranasal 1-desamino-8-D-arginine vasopressin. Inhibition of PGE2 with aspirin did not enhance urine concentrating ability or the response to a test dose of subcutaneous AVP. Plasma levels of vasopressinase remained within the physiological range for normal pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS These studies indicate that subclinical cranial diabetes insipidus may be unmasked in late pregnancy. This effect is not related to AVP resistance resulting from PGE2 production or excessive vasopressinase activity, but may be due to a combination of physiological vasopressinase secretion with reduced AVP secretory capacity and reduction in the thirst threshold that accompanies normal pregnancy. We relate these findings to a previously described group of women with transient diabetes insipidus during pregnancy who had impaired liver function.
THE MOLECULAR-BASIS OF PEDIATRIC LONG-CHAIN 3-HYDROXYACYL-COA DEHYDROGENASE-DEFICIENCY ASSOCIATED WITH MATERNAL ACUTE FATTY LIVER OF PREGNANCY$$$ Mitochondrial long chain fatty acid beta-oxidation provides the major source of energy in the heart. Deficiencies of human beta-oxidation enzymes produce sudden, unexplained death in childhood, acute hepatic encephalopathy, skeletal myopathy, or cardiomyopathy. Long chain 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase [LCHAD; long-chain-(S)-3-hydroxyacyl-CoA:NAD(+) oxidoreductase, EC 1.1.1.211] catalyzes the third step in beta-oxidation, and this activity is present on the C-terminal portion of the alpha subunit of mitochondrial trifunctional protein. We used single-stranded conformation variance analysis of the exons of the human LCHAD (alpha subunit) gene to determine the molecular basis of LCHAD deficiency in three families with children presenting with sudden unexplained death or hypoglycemia and abnormal liver enzymes (Reye-like syndrome). In all families, the mothers had acute fatty liver and associated severe complications during pregnancies with the affected infants. The analysis in two affected children revealed a G to C mutation at position 1528 (G1528C) of the alpha subunit of the trifunctional protein on both alleles. This is in the LCHAD domain and substitutes glutamine for glutamic acid at position 474 of mature alpha subunit. The third child had this G1528C mutation an one allele and a different mutation (C1132T) creating a premature termination codon (residue 342) on the second allele. Our results demonstrate that mutations in the LCHAD domain of the trifunctional protein alpha subunit in affected offspring are associated with maternal acute fatty liver of pregnancy. This is the initial delineation of the molecular basis of isolated LCHAD deficiency.
Protein Malnutrition during Pregnancy in C57BL/6J Mice Results in Offspring with Altered Circadian Physiology before Obesity$$$ The mechanisms linking intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) with adulthood obesity and diabetes are unclear. These studies investigated energy homeostasis in 8- and 20-wk-old male and female mice subjected to protein deficiency in utero. Pregnant C57BL/6J female mice were fed a protein-deficient diet (6% protein). Undernourished offspring (UO) and controls (CO) were cross-fostered to lactating dams fed a 20% control diet. The 24-h profiles of energy expenditure, feeding behavior, physical activity, and whole-body substrate preference was assessed using 8-wk UO and CO weaned onto control diet. Blood chemistries, glucose tolerance, and expression of genes involved in hepatic lipid and glucose metabolism were analyzed in 8- and 20-wk-old CO and UO fed control or a high-fat diet. UO exhibited IUGR with catch-up growth at 8 wk of age and increased severity of diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance by 20 wk of age. Therefore, fetal malnutrition in the C57BL/6J mouse increases sensitivity to diet-induced obesity. Abnormal daily rhythms in food intake and metabolism, increased lipogenesis, and inflammation preceded obesity in the UO group. Arrhythmic expression of circadian oscillator genes was evident in brain, liver, and muscle of UO at 8 and 20 wk of age. Expression of the clock-associated nuclear receptor and transcription repressor Rev-erb alpha was reduced in liver and muscle of UO. Altered circadian physiology may be symptomatic of the metabolic dysregulation associated with IUGR, and altered feeding behavior and substrate metabolism may contribute to the obese phenotype. (Endocrinology 151: 1570-1580, 2010)
Effect of the Japanese diet during pregnancy and lactation or post-weaning on the risk of metabolic syndrome in offspring$$$ We examined the effects on offspring of ingestion of the 1975 Japanese diet during pregnancy and lactation and after weaning in mice. Pregnant dams were divided into groups that were fed the Japanese diet or a control diet and raised until offspring were weaned. The offspring after weaning were further divided into groups that were raised on the Japanese diet or the control diet. Ingestion of the Japanese diet after weaning suppressed accumulation of visceral fat in offspring, and reduced the amount of lipids in serum and liver. This effect was weakened if the Japanese diet was only ingested during pregnancy and lactation. Therefore, it was suggested that ingestion of the Japanese diet of mothers during pregnancy and lactation weakens the lipid accumulation inhibitory effect of the Japanese diet in children.
Associations of maternal early-pregnancy dietary glycemic index with childhood general, abdominal and ectopic fat accumulation$$$ Background & aims: Maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy is an important risk factor for childhood adiposity. Maternal dietary glycemic index during pregnancy directly influences maternal and fetal glucose concentrations. We examined the associations of maternal early-pregnancy dietary glycemic index with offspring general, abdominal and ectopic fat accumulation among normal weight and over-weight or obese pregnant women and their offspring. Methods: In a population-based cohort study among 2488 Dutch pregnant women and their children, we assessed maternal dietary glycemic index by food frequency questionnaire at median 13.4 (95% range 10.7; 21.1) weeks gestation. Dietary glycemic index was used continuously and categorized into low (<55), normal (56-69) and high (>70) glycemic index diet. We measured offspring BMI, total fat mass and android/gynoid fat mass ratio by DXA, and visceral fat mass and liver fat fraction by MRI at 10 years. Results: No associations of maternal early-pregnancy dietary glycemic index with offspring adiposity were present among normal weight women and their children. Among overweight and obese women and their children, 1-Standard Deviation Score (SDS) increase in maternal early-pregnancy dietary gly-cemic index was associated with higher childhood BMI (0.10 SDS, 95% Confidence Interval (CI) 0.01; 0.19), total fat mass index (0.13 SDS, 95% CI 0.05; 0.22), visceral fat mass index (0.19 SDS, 95% CI 0.07; 0.32) and tended to be associated with a higher android/gynoid fat mass ratio (0.09 SDS, 95% CI-0.01; 0.19) and higher risk of childhood overweight (Odds Ratio (OR) 1.20, 95% CI 0.97; 1.48). Overweight and obese women consuming an early-pregnancy low-glycemic index diet, as compared to an early-pregnancy normal-glycemic index diet, had children with lower BMI, total fat mass index, visceral fat mass index and android/gynoid fat mass ratio at 10 years (p-values<0.05). No women consumed a high-glycemic index diet. No associations were explained by maternal socio-economic, lifestyle and dietary charac-teristics, birth or childhood characteristics. No associations with liver fat fraction were present. Conclusions: In overweight or obese women and their children, a higher maternal early-pregnancy di-etary glycemic index is associated with childhood general, abdominal and visceral fat accumulation, but not with liver fat. Intervention studies among overweight and obese pregnant women may need to target the dietary glycemic index to prevent childhood adiposity. (c) 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Influence of High Energy Diet and Polygenic Predisposition for Obesity on Postpartum Health in Rat Dams$$$ It is estimated that 30% of pregnant women worldwide are overweight or obese, leading to adverse health effects for both mother and child. Women with obesity during pregnancy are at higher risk for developing both metabolic and mental disorders, such as diabetes and depression. Numerous studies have used rodent models of maternal obesity to understand its consequences on the offspring, yet characterization of changes in the dams is rare, and most rodent models rely solely on a high fat diet to induce maternal obesity, without regarding genetic propensity for obesity. Here we present the influence of both peripartum high energy diet (HE) and obesity-proneness on maternal health using selectively bred diet-resistant (DR) and diet-induced obese (DIO) rat dams. Outbred Sprague-Dawley rats were challenged with HE diet prior to mating and bred according to their propensity to gain weight. The original outbred breeding dams (F0) were maintained on low-fat chow during pregnancy and lactation. By comparison, the F1 dams consuming HE diet during pregnancy and lactation displayed higher gestational body weight gain (P < 0.01), and HE diet caused increased meal size and reduced meal frequency (P < 0.001). Sensitivity to the hormone amylin was preserved during pregnancy, regardless of diet. After several rounds of selective breeding, DIO and DR dams from generation F3 were provided chow or HE during pregnancy and lactation and assessed for their postpartum physiology and behaviors. We observed strong diet and phenotype effects on gestational weight gain, with DIO-HE dams gaining 119% more weight than DR-chow (P < 0.001). A high-resolution analysis of maternal behaviors did not detect main effects of diet or phenotype, but a subset of DIO dams showed delayed nursing behavior (P < 0.05). In generation F6/F7 dams, effects on gestational weight gain persisted (P < 0.01), and we observed a main effect of phenotype during a sucrose preference test (P < 0.05), with DIO-chow dams showing lower sucrose preference than DR controls (P < 0.05). Both DIO and DR dams consuming HE diet had hepatic steatosis (P < 0.001) and exhibited reduced leptin sensitivity in the arcuate nucleus (P < 0.001). These data demonstrate that both diet and genetic obesity-proneness have consequences on maternal health.
Fetal and neonatal exposure to nicotine leads to augmented hepatic and circulating triglycerides in adult male offspring due to increased expression of fatty acid synthase$$$ While nicotine replacement therapy is assumed to be a safer alternative to smoking during pregnancy, the long-term consequences for the offspring remain elusive. Animal studies now suggest that maternal nicotine exposure during perinatal life leads to a wide range of adverse outcomes for the offspring including increased adiposity. The focus of this study was to investigate if nicotine exposure during pregnancy and lactation leads to alterations in hepatic triglyceride synthesis. Female Wistar rats were randomly assigned to receive daily subcutaneous injections of saline (vehicle) or nicotine bitartrate (1 mg/kg/day) for two weeks prior to mating until weaning. At postnatal day 180 (PND 180), nicotine exposed offspring exhibited significantly elevated levels of circulating and hepatic triglycerides in the male offspring. This was concomitant with increased expression of fatty acid synthase (FAS), the critical hepatic enzyme in de novo triglyceride synthesis. Given that FAS is regulated by the nuclear receptor Liver X receptor (LXR alpha), we measured LXR alpha expression in both control and nicotine-exposed offspring. Nicotine exposure during pregnancy and lactation led to an increase in hepatic LXR alpha protein expression and enriched binding to the putative LXRE element on the FAS promoter in PND 180 male offspring. This was also associated with significantly enhanced acetylation of histone H3 [K9,14] surrounding the FAS promoter, a hallmark of chromatin activation. Collectively, these findings suggest that nicotine exposure during pregnancy and lactation leads to an increase in circulating and hepatic triglycerides long-term via changes in the transcriptional and epigenetic regulation of the hepatic lipogenic pathway. (c) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Does fish oil supplementation in pregnancy reduce the risk of allergic disease in infants?$$$ Purpose of review Parallel increases in many inflammatory diseases over the last 40 years suggest that common environmental changes are promoting inflammatory immune responses and/or inhibiting the processes that normally keep these in check. One key change during this period has been declining intakes of anti-inflammatory dietary factors, including omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA). As allergic diseases often first manifest in early infancy, prevention strategies need to be targeted early, even in utero. This review will examine recent evidence for the use of fish oil during this early period as a primary prevention strategy for allergic disease. Recent findings N-3 PUFA have well documented anti-inflammatory effects in vitro and have also been demonstrated to have health benefits in a range of chronic inflammatory diseases, including cardiovascular disease, rheumatoid arthritis and diabetes, supporting their role in modulating inflammation in vivo. Although the effects of fish oil supplementation in established allergic disease are less convincing, there is, accumulating evidence that dietary n-3 PUFA may have greater effects before allergic responses are established. Summary Supplementation of the maternal diet in pregnancy with n-3 PUFA may provide a non-invasive intervention with significant potential to prevent the development of allergic and possibly other immune-mediated diseases.
Epigenetics of Insulin Resistance: An Emerging Field in Translational Medicine$$$ In this article, we review the current knowledge of and recent insights into the role of epigenetic factors in the development of insulin resistance (IR), with emphasis on peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator 1 alpha (PPARGC1A or PGC1 alpha) methylation on fetal programming and liver modulation of glucose-related phenotypes. We discuss the pathogenesis of IR beyond the integrity of beta-cell function and illustrate the novel concept of mitochondrial epigenetics to explain the pathobiology of metabolic-syndrome-related phenotypes. Moreover, we discuss whether epigenetic marks in genes of the circadian rhythm system are able to modulate insulin/glucose-related metabolic functions and place hypoxia inducible factor 1 alpha (HIF1 alpha) as a part of the master CLOCK gene/protein interaction network that might modulate IR. Finally, we highlight relevant information about epigenetic marks and IR so that clinicians practicing in the community may envision future areas of medical intervention and predict putative biomarkers for early disease detection.
Fructose only in pregnancy provokes hyperinsulinemia, hypoadiponectinemia, and impaired insulin signaling in adult male, but not female, progeny$$$ Fructose intake from added sugars correlates with the epidemic rise in metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases. However, consumption of beverages containing fructose is allowed during gestation. Recently, we found that an intake of fructose (10 % wt/vol) throughout gestation produces impaired fetal leptin signaling and hepatic steatosis. Therefore, we have investigated whether fructose intake during pregnancy produces subsequent changes in the progeny, when adult. Fed 261-day-old male and female descendants from fructose-fed, control or glucose-fed mothers were used. Plasma was used to analyze glucose, insulin, leptin, and adiponectin. Hepatic expression of proteins related to insulin signaling was determined. Fructose intake throughout pregnancy did not produce alterations in the body weight of the progeny. Adult male progeny of fructose-fed mothers had elevated levels of insulin without a parallel increase in phosphorylation of protein kinase B. However, they displayed an augmented serine phosphorylation of insulin receptor substrate-2, indicating reduced insulin signal transduction. In agreement, adiponectin levels, which have been positively related to insulin sensitivity, were lower in male descendants from fructose-fed mothers than in the other two groups. Furthermore, mRNA levels for insulin-responsive genes were not affected (phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase, glucose-6-phosphatase) or they were decreased (sterol response element-binding protein-1c) in the livers of male progeny from fructose-supplemented rats. On the contrary, adult female rats from fructose-fed mothers did not exhibit any of these disturbances. Maternal fructose, but not glucose, intake confined to the prenatal stage provokes impaired insulin signal transduction, hyperinsulinemia, and hypoadiponectinemia in adult male, but not female, progeny.
Effects of post-suckling n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: prevention of dyslipidemia and liver steatosis induced in rats by a sucrose-rich diet during pre-and post-natal life$$$ The interaction between fetal programming and the post-natal environment suggests that the post-natal diet could amplify or attenuate programmed outcomes. We investigated whether dietary n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) at weaning resulted in an amelioration of dyslipidemia, adiposity and liver steatosis that was induced by a sucrose-rich diet (SRD; where the fat source is corn oil) from the onset of pregnancy up to adulthood. During pregnancy and lactation, dams were fed an SRD or the standard powdered rodent commercial diet (RD). At weaning and until 150 days of life, male offspring from SRD-dams were divided into two groups and fed an SRD or SRD-with-fish oil [where 6% of the corn oil was partially replaced by fish oil (FO) 5% and corn oil (CO) 1%], forming SRD-SRD or SRD-FO groups. Male offspring from RD-dams continued with RD up to the end of the experimental period, forming an RD-RD group. The presence of FO in the weaning diet showed the following: prevention of hypertriglyceridemia and liver steatosis, together with increased lipogenic enzyme activity caused by a maternal SRD; the complete normalization of CPT I activity and PPARa protein mass levels; a slight but not statistically significant accretion of visceral adiposity; and limited body fat content and reduced plasma free fatty acid levels. All of these results were observed even in the presence of a high-sucrose diet challenge after weaning. SRD-dams' breast milk showed a more saturated fatty acid composition. These results suggest the capacity of n-3 PUFAs to overcome some adverse outcomes induced by a maternal and post-weaning sucrose-rich diet.
Association between exposure to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and blood glucose in pregnant women$$$ Increasing evidence shows that exposure to per-and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs), common and persistent anthropogenic pollutants, may affect glucose homeostasis. However, data is limited for pregnant women, and it is less clear how novel fluorinated pollutants affect glucose homeostasis during pregnancy. Our goal was to investigate the relationships of exposure to 13 PFASs including some novel fluorinated pollutants with blood glucose in 874 Chinese pregnant women from the general population. We measured blood glucose following an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in the second trimester and quantified PFAS concentrations in umbilical cord blood. The associations of PFAS exposure with fasting, 1-h OGTT and 2-h OGTT glucose were examined using the general linear regression model. For every doubling of perfluorobutane sulfonate (PFBS), a short-chain PFAS, the 1-h and 2-h OGTT blood glucose increased 0.09 mmol/L (beta = 0.09, 95%CI: 0.02, 0.17) and 0.07 mmol/L (beta = 0.07, 95%CI: 0.01, 0.13), respectively. In addition, perfluoroheptanoate (PFHpA), an alternative of per-fluorooctanoate (PFOA), was positively associated with fasting glucose (beta = 0.07, 95%CI: 0.02, 0.13; high vs low). Higher levels of PFAS exposure were related to increased blood glucose in pregnant women, indicating PFAS exposure may impair glucose homeostasis during pregnancy.
Diet Modification before or during Pregnancy on Maternal and Foetal Outcomes in Rodent Models of Maternal Obesity$$$ The obesity epidemic has serious implications for women of reproductive age; its rising incidence is associated not just with health implications for the mother but also has transgenerational ramifications for the offspring. Increased incidence of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, obesity, and kidney disease are seen in both the mothers and the offspring. Animal models, such as rodent studies, are fundamental to studying maternal obesity and its impact on maternal and offspring health, as human studies lack rigorous controlled experimental design. Furthermore, the short and prolific reproductive potential of rodents enables examination across multiple generations and facilitates the exploration of interventional strategies to mitigate the impact of maternal obesity, both before and during pregnancy. Given that obesity is a major public health concern, it is important to obtain a greater understanding of its pathophysiology and interaction with reproductive health, placental physiology, and foetal development. This narrative review focuses on the known effects of maternal obesity on the mother and the offspring, and the benefits of interventional strategies, including dietary intervention, before or during pregnancy on maternal and foetal outcomes. It further examines the contribution of rodent models of maternal obesity to elucidating pathophysiological pathways of disease development, as well as methods to reduce the impact of obesity on the mothers and the developing foetus. The translation of these findings into the human experience will also be discussed.
Obesogenic Diet in Mice Leads to Inflammation and Oxidative Stress in the Mother in Association with Sex-Specific Changes in Fetal Development, Inflammatory Markers and Placental Transcriptome$$$ Background: Obesity during pregnancy is related to adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Factors involved in these outcomes may include increased maternal insulin resistance, inflammation, oxidative stress, and nutrient mishandling. The placenta is the primary determinant of fetal outcomes, and its function can be impacted by maternal obesity. The aim of this study on mice was to determine the effect of obesity on maternal lipid handling, inflammatory and redox state, and placental oxidative stress, inflammatory signaling, and gene expression relative to female and male fetal growth. Methods: Female mice were fed control or obesogenic high-fat/high-sugar diet (HFHS) from 9 weeks prior to, and during, pregnancy. On day 18.5 of pregnancy, maternal plasma, and liver, placenta, and fetal serum were collected to examine the immune and redox states. The placental labyrinth zone (Lz) was dissected for RNA-sequencing analysis of gene expression changes. Results: the HFHS diet induced, in the dams, hepatic steatosis, oxidative stress (reduced catalase, elevated protein oxidation) and the activation of pro-inflammatory pathways (p38-MAPK), along with imbalanced circulating cytokine concentrations (increased IL-6 and decreased IL-5 and IL-17A). HFHS fetuses were asymmetrically growth-restricted, showing sex-specific changes in circulating cytokines (GM-CSF, TNF-alpha, IL-6 and IFN-gamma). The morphology of the placenta Lz was modified by an HFHS diet, in association with sex-specific alterations in the expression of genes and proteins implicated in oxidative stress, inflammation, and stress signaling. Placental gene expression changes were comparable to that seen in models of intrauterine inflammation and were related to a transcriptional network involving transcription factors, LYL1 and PLAG1. Conclusion: This study shows that fetal growth restriction with maternal obesity is related to elevated oxidative stress, inflammatory pathways, and sex-specific placental changes. Our data are important, given the marked consequences and the rising rates of obesity worldwide.
Attenuated Effects of Bile Acids on Glucose Metabolism and Insulin Sensitivity in a Male Mouse Model of Prenatal Undernutrition$$$ Prenatal undernutrition and low birth weight are associated with risk of type 2 diabetes and obesity. Prenatal caloric restriction results in low birth weight, glucose intolerance, obesity, and reduced plasma bile acids (BAs) in offspring mice. Because BAs can regulate systemic metabolism and glucose homeostasis, we hypothesized that BA supplementation could prevent diet-induced obesity and glucose intolerance in this model of developmental programming. Pregnant dams were food restricted by 50% from gestational days 12.5 to 18.5. Offspring of both undernourished (UN) and control (C) dams given unrestricted diets were weaned to high-fat diets with or without supplementation with 0.25% w/w ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA), yielding four experimental groups: C, UN, C + UDCA, and UN + UDCA. Glucose homeostasis, BA composition, liver and intestinal gene expression, and microbiota composition were analyzed in the four groups. Although UDCA supplementation ameliorated diet-induced obesity in C mice, there was no effect in UN mice. UDCA similarly lowered fasting insulin, and improved glucose tolerance, pyruvate tolerance, and liver steatosis in C, but not UN, animals. BA composition differed significantly, and liver and ileal expression of genes involved in BA metabolism (Cyp7b1, Shp) were differentially induced by UDCA in C vs UN animals. Bacterial taxa in fecal microbiota correlated with treatment groups and metabolic parameters. In conclusion, prenatal undernutrition alters responsiveness to the metabolic benefits of BA supplementation, with resistance to the weight-lowering and insulin-sensitizing effects of UDCA supplementation. Our findings suggest that BA metabolism may be a previously unrecognized contributor to developmentally programmed diabetes risk.
Chemerin concentrations in maternal and fetal compartments: implications for metabolic adaptations to normal human pregnancy$$$ Objectives: Chemerin, a novel adipocytokine, has been implicated in major metabolic and inflammatory processes. Study aims were to determine whether circulating maternal chemerin concentration (1) differs between pregnant and non-pregnant women, (2) changes as a function of gestational age, and (3) correlates with maternal insulin resistance. In addition, we investigated which compartment, maternal, fetal or placental, is the source of chemerin in maternal circulation. Methods: The study included three groups: Non-pregnant (n=18), pregnant women in the first trimester (n=19) and pregnant women in the third trimester (n=33). Chemerin was measured in cord blood and in maternal serum samples taken before and after delivery. Chemerin mRNA expression was evaluated in fetal and human adult tissues. Results: Chemerin serum concentration was significantly higher in pregnant women in the third trimester than in non-pregnant and pregnant women in the first trimester. Chemerin concentration positively correlated with body mass index (BMI) and insulin resistance. Antenatal chemerin concentration was significantly lower than that during the postpartum period. Neonatal chemerin did not correlate with maternal one. Chemerin mRNA expression was abundant in fetal and adult liver and omental fat, but relatively low in placenta. Conclusions: Chemerin is increased during normal gestation and is associated with maternal BMI and insulin resistance. Maternal tissues, possibly liver and adipose tissue, contribute to the increased maternal chemerin concentration.
Perinatal exposure to chlorpyrifos and/or a high-fat diet is associated with liver damage in male rat offspring$$$ Metabolic impairments in childhood are known to promote the development of type 2 diabetes and/or obesity in adulthood. These impairments may result from perinatal exposure to harmful environmental factors, such as pesticide residues or the consumption of a "western" diet. In the present study, we sought to determine whether an obesogenic profile, metabolic disorders and liver damage in offspring (observed during young adulthood) were related to maternal exposure to the pesticide chlorpyrifos (CPF) and/or a high-fat diet (HFD) starting 4 months before conception and ending at weaning. After the end of exposure, 51 male rat pups were left to develop under normal conditions and were studied in young adulthood. Despite the absence of direct exposure to harmful factors (other than through the dam's milk), maternal exposure to CPF or an HFD was associated with changes in the offspring's metabolic activity in the liver in the offspring. This indirect exposure to CPF was associated with a relative reduction in the expression of genes coding for enzymes involved in lipid or glucose metabolism but did induce histopathological changes in the offspring at adulthood. Maternal exposure to an HFD alone or to CPF alone gave similar results in offspring, changes in the same direction. Exposure of the mother to HFD did not exacerbate CPF effects. Co-exposure to both CPF and HFD did not increase the observed effects compared to each factor taken separately.
Maternal High Fat Diet Is Associated with Decreased Plasma n-3 Fatty Acids and Fetal Hepatic Apoptosis in Nonhuman Primates$$$ To begin to understand the contributions of maternal obesity and over-nutrition to human development and the early origins of obesity, we utilized a non-human primate model to investigate the effects of maternal high-fat feeding and obesity on breast milk, maternal and fetal plasma fatty acid composition and fetal hepatic development. While the high-fat diet (HFD) contained equivalent levels of n-3 fatty acids (FA's) and higher levels of n-6 FA's than the control diet (CTR), we found significant decreases in docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and total n-3 FA's in HFD maternal and fetal plasma. Furthermore, the HFD fetal plasma n-6: n-3 ratio was elevated and was significantly correlated to the maternal plasma n-6: n-3 ratio and maternal hyperinsulinemia. Hepatic apoptosis was also increased in the HFD fetal liver. Switching HFD females to a CTR diet during a subsequent pregnancy normalized fetal DHA, n-3 FA's and fetal hepatic apoptosis to CTR levels. Breast milk from HFD dams contained lower levels of eicosopentanoic acid (EPA) and DHA and lower levels of total protein than CTR breast milk. This study links chronic maternal consumption of a HFD with fetal hepatic apoptosis and suggests that a potentially pathological maternal fatty acid milieu is replicated in the developing fetal circulation in the nonhuman primate.
Maternal high-fructose corn syrup consumption causes insulin resistance and hyperlipidemia in offspring via DNA methylation of the <i>Pparα</i><SUP> </SUP>promoter region$$$ There are concerns about the negative effects of fructose intake during pregnancy on the next generation. We have previously reported that offspring from dams fed with fructose during gestation and lactation demonstrate abnormal lipid metabolism in the liver. In this study, we aimed to elucidate the molecular mechanism of the effects of maternal high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS) consumption on offspring. Pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were fed with 20% HFCS water solution during gestation and lactation. Offspring were put on a normal diet after weaning, and the serum parameters and gene expression patterns were studied at predetermined intervals. Offsprings from pregnant rats fed with 20% HFCS (HFCS group) developed insulin resistance and hyperlipidemia at 60 d of age. RNA-seq analysis demonstrated that peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPAR alpha) expression is downregulated by maternal HFCS intake. Hepatic Ppar alpha expression in the HFCS group appeared to be suppressed by the enhanced DNA methylation of its promoter region. It is suggested that the development of insulin resistance and hyperlipidemia in the HFCS group may be attributable to aberrant Ppar alpha methylation in the offspring liver. Ppar alpha hypermethylation may be one of molecular mechanism underlying the toxicity of maternal fructose intake. (C) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Initiation of metformin in early pregnancy results in fetal bioaccumulation, growth restriction, and renal dysmorphology in a primate model$$$ BACKGROUND: In recent years, pragmatic metformin use in pregnancy has stretched to include prediabetes mellitus, type 2 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus, and (most recently) preeclampsia. However, with its expanded use, concerns of unintended harm have been raised. OBJECTIVE: This study developed an experimental primate model and applied ultrahigh performance liquid chromatography coupled to triple- quadrupole mass spectrometry for direct quantitation of maternal and fetal tissue metformin levels with detailed fetal biometry and histopathology. STUDY DESIGN: Within 30 days of confirmed conception (defined as early pregnancy), 13 time-bred (timed-mated breeding) Rhesus dams with pregnancies designated for fetal necropsy were initiated on twice-daily human dose-equivalent 10 mg/kg metformin or vehicle control. Pregnant dams were maintained as pairs and fed either a control chow or 36% fat Western-style diet. Metformin or placebo vehicle control was delivered in various treats while the animals were separated via a slide. A cesarean delivery was performed at gestational day 145, and amniotic fluid and blood were collected, and the fetus and placenta were delivered. The fetus was immediately necropsied by trained primate center personnel. All fetal organs were dissected, measured, sectioned, and processed per clinical standards. Fluid and tissue metformin levels were assayed using validated ultrahigh performance liquid chromatography coupled to triple-quadrupole mass spectrometry in selected reaction monitoring against standard curves. RESULTS: Among 13 pregnancies at gestational day 145 with fetal necropsy, 1 dam and its fetal tissues had detectable metformin levels despite being allocated to the vehicle control group (>1 mu mol metformin/ kg maternal weight or fetal or placental tissue), whereas a second fetus allocated to the vehicle control group had severe fetal growth restriction (birthweight of 248.32 g [<1%]) and was suspected of having a fetal congenital condition. After excluding these 2 fetal pregnancies from further analyses, 11 fetuses from dams initiated on either vehicle control (n=4: 3 female and 1 male fetuses) or 10 mg/kg metformin (n=7: 5 female and 2 male fetuses) were available for analyses. Among dams initiated on metformin at gestational day 30 (regardless of maternal diet), significant bioaccumulation within the fetal kidney (0.78-6.06 <mu> mol/kg; mean of 2.48 mu mol/kg), liver (0.16-0.73 mu mol/kg; mean of 0.38 mu mol/ kg), fetal gut (0.28-1.22 mu mol/kg; mean of 0.70 mu mol/kg), amniotic fluid (0.43-3.33 mu mol/L; mean of 1.88 mu mol/L), placenta (0.16-1.00 mu mol/ kg; mean of 0.50 mu mol/kg), fetal serum (0.00-0.66 mu mol/L; mean of 0.23 mu mol/L), and fetal urine (4.10-174.10 mu mol/L; mean of 38.5 mu mol/ L) was observed, with fetal levels near biomolar equivalent to maternal levels (maternal serum: 0.18-0.86 mu mol/L [mean of 0.46 mu mol/L]; maternal urine: 42.60-254.00 mu mol/L [mean of 149.30 mu mol/L]). Western-style diet feeding neither accelerated nor reduced metformin bioaccumulations in maternal or fetal serum, urine, amniotic fluid, placenta, or fetal tissues. In these 11 animals, fetal bioaccumulation of metformin was associated with less fetal skeletal muscle (57% lower cross-sectional area of gastrocnemius) and decreased liver, heart, and retroperitoneal fat masses (P<.05), collectively driving lower delivery weight (P<.0001) without changing the crown-rump length. Sagittal sections of fetal kidneys demonstrated delayed maturation, with disorganized glomerular generations and increased cortical thickness. This renal dysmorphology was not accompanied by structural or functional changes indicative of renal insufficiency. CONCLUSION: Our study demonstrates fetal bioaccumulation of metformin with associated fetal growth restriction and renal dysmorphology after maternal initiation of the drug within 30 days of conception in primates. Given these results and the prevalence of metformin use during pregnancy, additional investigation of any potential immediate and enduring effects of prenatal metformin use is warranted.
Effect of maternal dietary starch-to-fat ratio and daily energy intake during late pregnancy on the performance and lipid metabolism of primiparous sows and newborn piglets$$$ The present study evaluated the effects of maternal dietary energy intake and starch-to-fat ratio during late gestation on the performance and lipid metabolism of sows and their offspring. On day 84 of gestation, 80 Landrace x Yorkshire primiparous sows were assigned to 2 x 2 factorial arrangements according to body weight following a randomized complete block design. The factors were daily energy intake (8,375 kcal ME/d [CE] vs. 9,600 kcal ME/d [HE]) and dietary starch-to-fat ratio (10:1 [CR] vs. 15:1 [HR]). All sows were fed one of four diets from day 85 of gestation until farrowing. Data were analyzed using the GLM procedure in SPSS. High energy intake increased the body weight of sows on day 110 of gestation (P = 0.031) as well as the weight of piglets at birth (P = 0.018). Increased energy intake elevated the plasma triglyceride concentrations in sows (P = 0.027) and piglets (P = 0.044). Maternal high energy intake altered the liver metabolome of newborn piglets in terms of metabolites related to carbohydrate and linoleic acid metabolism. Moreover, maternal high energy intake increased hepatic total cholesterol (P= 0.023) and triglyceride (P = 0.026) concentration in newborn piglets. Furthermore, maternal high energy intake significantly increased the transcript abundance of fatty acid synthase (FAS; P= 0.001) and protein abundance of phosphorylated protein kinase B (P =0.001) in the liver of newborn piglets. A high starch-to-fat ratio reduced low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentration in the plasma of sows (P= 0.044) and newborn piglets (P= 0.048) as well as in the liver of newborn piglets IP = 0.015). Furthermore, maternal high starch-to-fat ratio increased the transcript abundances of FAS (P = 0.004) in newborn piglets. In conclusion, high daily energy intake of sows increased the birth weight of newborn piglets. Moreover, maternal high daily energy intake and high dietary starch-to-fat ratio improved the lipid metabolism of newborn piglets. Lay Summary Given the growing concern regarding nutrition during gestation, the present study was designed to investigate the effects of energy on the reproductive performance and lipid metabolism of primiparous sows. Fat and starch are common dietary energy sources. Late gestation is a critical period for both sows and piglets. During late gestation, primiparous sows were administered one of the four dietary treatments (two daily energy intakes x two dietary starch-to-fat ratios). High energy intake increased the body weight of saws and birth weight of piglets. Additionally, increased energy intake elevated the plasma triglyceride concentration of sows and piglets. Moreover, maternal nutrition affected the hepatic lipid metabolism of newborn piglets. Therefore, offspring metabolism can be regulated through maternal diet. In conclusion, high daily energy intake of sows increased the birth weight of newborn piglets. Moreover, maternal high daily energy intake and high dietary starch-to-fat ratio improved the lipid metabolism of newborn piglets.
Pr-AKI: Acute kidney Injury in Pregnancy - Etiology, Diagnostic Workup, Management$$$ Despite significant improvements in inpatient and outpatient management, pregnancy-related acute kidney injury (Pr-AKI) remains an important risk factor for early and late maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. There is a discrepancy between the incidence of Pr-AKI in developing and in developed countries, with the former experiencing a decrease and the latter an increase in Pr-AKI in recent decades. Whereas septic and hemorrhagic complications predominated in the past, nowadays hypertensive disorders and thrombotic microangiopathy are the leading causes of Pr-AKI. Modern lifestyles and the availability and widespread use of in-vitro fertilization techniques in industrialized countries have allowed more women of advanced age to become pregnant. This has led to a rise in the percentage of high-risk pregnancies due to the disorders and comorbidities inherent to or accompanying aging, such as diabetes, arterial hypertension and preexisting chronic kidney disease. Last but not least, the heterogeneity of symptoms, the often overlapping clinical and laboratory characteristics and the pathophysiological changes related to pregnancy make the diagnosis and management of Pr-AKI a difficult and challenging task for the treating physician. In addition to general supportive management strategies such as volume substitution, blood pressure control, prevention of seizures or immediate delivery, each disease entity requires a specific therapy to reduce maternal and fetal complications. In this review, we used the current literature to provide a summary of the physiologic and pathophysiologic changes in renal physiology which occur during pregnancy. In the second part, we present common and rare disorders which lead to Pr-AKI and provide an overview of the available treatment options.
Prolonged fasting elicits increased hepatic triglyceride accumulation in rats born to dexamethasone-treated mothers$$$ We investigated the effect of dexamethasone during the last week of pregnancy on glucose and lipid metabolism in male offspring. Twelve-week old offspring were evaluated after fasting for 12-hours (physiological) and 60-hours (prolonged). Physiological fasting resulted in glucose intolerance, decreased glucose clearance after pyruvate load and increased PEPCK expression in rats born to dexamethasone-treated mothers (DEX). Prolonged fasting resulted in increased glucose tolerance and increased glucose clearance after pyruvate load in DEX. These modulations were accompanied by accumulation of hepatic triglycerides (TG). Sixty-hour fasted DEX also showed increased citrate synthase (CS) activity, ATP citrate lyase (ACLY) content, and pyruvate kinase 2 (pkm2), glucose transporter 1 (slc2a1) and lactate dehydrogenase-a (ldha) expressions. Hepatic AKT2 was increased in 60-hour fasted DEX, in parallel with reduced miRNAs targeting the AKT2 gene. Altogether, we show that metabolic programming by prenatal dexamethasone is characterized by an unexpected hepatic TG accumulation during prolonged fasting. The underlying mechanism may depend on increased hepatic glycolytic flux due to increased pkm2 expression and consequent conversion of pyruvate to non-esterified fatty acid synthesis due to increased CS activity and ACLY levels. Upregulation of AKT2 due to reduced miRNAs may serve as a permanent mechanism leading to increased pkm2 expression.
Tissue-specific changes in pregnancy associated plasma protein-A expression with age in mice$$$ Pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) is a novel zinc metalloproteinase that functions in many systems outside of pregnancy. Data in both humans and mice suggest a role for PAPP-A in aging and age-related diseases. However, our knowledge of tissue-specific PAPP-A expression and possible changes in this expression with age is limited. Thus, the aim of this study was to determine PAPP-A mRNA expression in multiple tissues with age in both male and female mice using real-time PCR. These included the heart, liver, kidney, bone, fat, skeletal muscle, gonads, brain, thymus and spleen. In young mice, PAPP-A mRNA was expressed at relatively high levels in all tissues examined except for liver. The only difference in expression between males and females was seen in the kidney, subcutaneous fat and gonads. The highest PAPP-A mRNA expression levels were found in visceral fat and these were 10-fold higher than in subcutaneous fat. PAPP-A expression significantly increased with age in kidney, brain and gonads. PAPP-A expression significantly deceased with age in bone and skeletal muscle. In the thymus, PAPP-A mRNA showed a biphasic response with age. There were no age-related changes in PAPP-A expression seen in any of the other tissues examined. Expression of IGFBP-5 mRNA, a marker of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) bioactivity known to be regulated by PAPP-A, paralleled the changes in PAPP-A expression with age in kidney, bone, skeletal muscle and thymus. Thus, tissue-specific PAPP-A expression in mice is differentially affected during aging, and may regulate local IGF-I bioactivity in certain tissues. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Lack of Exercise Is a Major Cause of Chronic Diseases$$$ Chronic diseases are major killers in the modern era. Physical inactivity is a primary cause of most chronic diseases. The initial third of the article considers: activity and prevention definitions; historical evidence showing physical inactivity is detrimental to health and normal organ functional capacities; cause versus treatment; physical activity and inactivity mechanisms differ; gene-environment interaction (including aerobic training adaptations, personalized medicine, and co-twin physical activity); and specificity of adaptations to type of training. Next, physical activity/exercise is examined as primary prevention against 35 chronic conditions [accelerated biological aging/premature death, low cardiorespiratory fitness (VO(2)max), sarcopenia, metabolic syndrome, obesity, insulin resistance, prediabetes, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, coronary heart disease, peripheral artery disease, hypertension, stroke, congestive heart failure, endothelial dysfunction, arterial dyslipidemia, hemostasis, deep vein thrombosis, cognitive dysfunction, depression and anxiety, osteoporosis, osteoarthritis, balance, bone fracture/falls, rheumatoid arthritis, colon cancer, breast cancer, endometrial cancer, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, polycystic ovary syndrome, erectile dysfunction, pain, diverticulitis, constipation, and gallbladder diseases]. The article ends with consideration of deterioration of risk factors in longer-term sedentary groups; clinical consequences of inactive childhood/adolescence; and public policy. In summary, the body rapidly maladapts to insufficient physical activity, and if continued, results in substantial decreases in both total and quality years of life. Taken together, conclusive evidence exists that physical inactivity is one important cause of most chronic diseases. In addition, physical activity primarily prevents, or delays, chronic diseases, implying that chronic disease need not be an inevitable outcome during life. (C) 2012 American Physiological Society. Compr Physiol 2:1143-1211, 2012.
Cord blood fatty acid binding protein 4 and lipids in infants born small- or large-for-gestational-age$$$ AimAdverse (poor or excessive) fetal growth "programs" an elevated risk of type 2 diabetes. Fatty acid binding protein 4 (FABP4) has been implicated in regulating insulin sensitivity and lipid metabolism relevant to fetal growth. We sought to determine whether FABP4 is associated with poor or excessive fetal growth and fetal lipids.MethodsIn a nested case-control study in the Shanghai Birth Cohort including 60 trios of small-for-gestational-age (SGA, an indicator of poor fetal growth), large-for-gestational-age (LGA, an indicator of excessive fetal growth) and optimal-for-gestational-age (OGA, control) infants, we measured cord blood concentrations of FABP4 and lipids [high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterols, triglycerides (TG)].ResultsAdjusting for maternal and neonatal characteristics, higher cord blood FABP4 concentrations were associated with a lower odds of SGA [OR = 0.29 (0.11-0.77) per log unit increment in FABP4, P = 0.01], but were not associated with LGA (P = 0.46). Cord blood FABP4 was positively correlated with both LDL (r = 0.29, P = 0.025) and HDL (r = 0.33, P = 0.01) in LGA infants only.ConclusionFABP4 was inversely associated with the risk of SGA. The study is the first to demonstrate LGA-specific positive correlations of cord blood FABP4 with HDL and LDL cholesterols, suggesting a role of FABP4 in fetal lipid metabolism in subjects with excessive fetal growth.
New concepts in extracellular signaling for insulin action: The single gateway hypothesis$$$ Insulin resistance is a precursor to and primary cause of Type 2 diabetes mellitus. In addition, insulin resistance is associated with other chronic diseases, including gestational diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. Resistance to insulin's effects on carbohydrate metabolism include diminished actions of insulin to enhance glucose uptake and suppress endogenous glucose production. This chapter introduces new concepts related to the mechanism by which insulin stimulates glucose utilization in vivo and demonstrates that these processes are mechanistically linked to glucose production. Insulin acts rapidly in vitro to stimulate glucose uptake; in contrast, its effects in vivo are relatively slow in the conscious animal or human subject. The explanation for this difference between in vitro and in vivo dynamics is the delay associated with insulin transport across capillary endothelium of insulin-sensitive tissues (primarily muscle). Also, interstitial insulin is attenuated in concentration compared to plasma insulin at basal as well as under hyperinsulinemic conditions (plasma:interstitial ratio, 3:2). The sluggishness of insulin action and the attenuation in insulin concentration can be explained by a model in which transendothelial insulin transport is restricted and interstitial insulin binds to insulin-sensitive cells, where the hormone is internalized and degraded. Whether insulin transport occurs by a hormone-specific mechanism (i.e., via receptors on endothelial cells) was tested by comparing transport at physiological with pharmacological insulin concentrations-evidence supports a nonspecific mechanism of transport across endothelium (i.e., diffusion or transcytosis). Transendothelial transport alters the in vivo patterns of insulin signaling-biphasic plasma insulin after glucose injection is reflected in a simple, rapid increase in interstitial insulin to an elevated concentration. The time course of insulin's effect to suppress endogenous glucose output is a mirror image of its effect to enhance glucose uptake; however, there is no transendothelial barrier to insulin action at the liver. The similarity in action dynamics at periphery and liver was explained by a mechanism in which insulin crosses into peripheral tissue and alters a "second (blood-borne) signal" that, in turn, suppresses liver glucose production. Of various possible alternative candidates for the second signal, declining plasma free fatty acids appear to signal suppression of glucose production. We have proposed the "single gateway hypothesis" to explain insulin's action on carbohydrate metabolism in vivo: insulin crosses the endothelial boundary in skeletal muscle (to stimulate glucose disposal) and traverses the endothelial barrier in adipose tissue to suppress lipolysis. The declining free fatty acids are proposed to be a major factor in the insulin-mediated decline in glucose output. This mechanism can be contrasted with the classical concept that portal insulin controls the liver directly. Recent evidence supports the concept that, under normal levels of glucagonemia, less than 25% of the suppression of hepatic glucose output by insulin is due to a direct effect of insulin via the portal vein and that most of the effect (similar to 75%) is explained by the indirect single gateway mechanism. These results raise the question of whether hepatic insulin resistance in Type 2 diabetes can be explained by insulin resistance at the adipocyte, which causes a failure of reduction of FFA by insulin, leading to overproduction of glucose by the liver. The possible role of the single gateway mechanism in diabetes is under investigation.
Sucrose consumption alters steroid and dopamine signalling in the female rat brain$$$ Sucrose consumption is associated with type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cognitive deficits. Sucrose intake during pregnancy might have particularly prominent effects on metabolic, endocrine, and neural physiology. It remains unclear how consumption of sucrose affects parous females, especially in brain circuits that mediate food consumption and reward processing. Here, we examine whether a human-relevant level of sucrose before, during, and after pregnancy (17-18 weeks total) influences metabolic and neuroendocrine physiology in female rats. Females were fed either a control diet or a macronutrient-matched, isocaloric sucrose diet (25% of kcal from sucrose). Metabolically, sucrose impairs glucose tolerance, increases liver lipids, and increases a marker of adipose inflammation, but has no effect on body weight or overall visceral adiposity. Sucrose also decreases corticosterone levels in serum but not in the brain. Sucrose increases progesterone levels in serum and in the brain and increases the brain:serum ratio of progesterone in the mesocorticolimbic system and hypothalamus. These data suggest a dysregulation of systemic and local steroid signalling. Moreover, sucrose decreases tyrosine hydroxylase (TH), a catecholamine-synthetic enzyme, in the medial prefrontal cortex. Finally, sucrose consumption alters the expression pattern of FOSB, a marker of phasic dopamine signalling, in the nucleus accumbens. Overall, chronic consumption of sucrose at a human-relevant level alters metabolism, steroid levels, and brain dopamine signalling in a female rat model.
Sulforaphane induced NRF2 activation in obese pregnancy attenuates developmental redox imbalance and improves early-life cardiovascular function in offspring$$$ In adverse pregnancy a perturbed redox environment is associated with abnormal early-life cardiovascular development and function. Previous studies have noted alterations in the expression and/or activity of Nuclear Factor E2 Related Factor 2 (NRF2) and its antioxidant targets during human gestational diabetic (GDM) pregnancy, however to our knowledge the functional role of NRF2 in fetal 'priming' of cardiovascular dysfunction in obese and GDM pregnancy has not been investigated. Using a murine model of obesity-induced glucose dysregulated pregnancy, we demonstrate that NRF2 activation by maternal sulforaphane (SFN) supplementation normalizes NRF2-linked NQO1, GCL and CuZnSOD expression in maternal and fetal liver placental and fetal heart tissue by gestational day 17.5. Activation of NRF2 in utero in wild type but not NRF2 deficient mice improved markers of placental efficiency and partially restored fetal growth. SFN supplementation was associated with reduced markers of fetal cardiac oxidative stress, including Nox2 and 3-nitrotyrosine, as well as attenuation of cardiac mass and cardiomyocyte area in male offspring by postnatal day 52 and improved vascular function in male and female offspring by postnatal day 98. Our findings are the first to highlight the functional consequences of NRF2 modulation in utero on early-life cardiovascular function in offspring, demonstrating that activation of NRF2 affords cardiovascular protection in offspring of pregnancies affected by redox dysregulation.
Prenatal Nicotine Exposure Induces Low Birthweight and Hyperinsulinemia in Male Rats$$$ Smoking during pregnancy is one of the causes of low birthweight. Ingestion of nicotine during pregnancy has various metabolic impacts on the fetus and offspring. According to the developmental origins of health and disease theory, low birthweight is a risk factor for developing various non-communicable diseases, including diabetes. We hypothesized that when nicotine-induced low-birthweight rats, when exposed to a high-fat diet (HFD) after growth, are predisposed to glucose intolerance as a result of a mismatch between the eutrophic environment and small body size. Therefore, we investigated whether hyperinsulinemia was caused by exposure of nicotine-induced low-birthweight rats to HFD, including whether this phenomenon exhibited possible sex differences. The average birthweight and body weight at weaning day of offspring from nicotine-administered dams was lower than those of controls. The offspring from nicotine-administered dams did not show rapid fat accumulation after exposure to HFD, and weight and body fat ratio of these animals did not differ from those of the controls. Blood glucose levels did not differ between the groups, but insulin levels increased only in male HFD-exposed offspring from nicotine-administered dams. Similarly, only in HFD-exposed male from nicotine-administered dams showed decreases in the insulin receptor expression in the liver. We conclude that male rats subjected to prenatal nicotine exposure develop hyperinsulinemia when exposed to HFD after growth. Our results suggest that decreased expression of insulin receptors in the liver may be involved in the mechanism underlying hyperinsulinemia in low-birthweight offspring, a phenomenon that appeared to exhibit a sex-specific bias.
An Evolutionary Model for the Ancient Origins of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome$$$ Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrinopathy of reproductive-aged women, characterized by hyperandrogenism, oligo-anovulation and insulin resistance and closely linked with preferential abdominal fat accumulation. As an ancestral primate trait, PCOS was likely further selected in humans when scarcity of food in hunter-gatherers of the late Pleistocene additionally programmed for enhanced fat storage to meet the metabolic demands of reproduction in later life. As an evolutionary model for PCOS, healthy normal-weight women with hyperandrogenic PCOS have subcutaneous (SC) abdominal adipose stem cells that favor fat storage through exaggerated lipid accumulation during development to adipocytes in vitro. In turn, fat storage is counterbalanced by reduced insulin sensitivity and preferential accumulation of highly lipolytic intra-abdominal fat in vivo. This metabolic adaptation in PCOS balances energy storage with glucose availability and fatty acid oxidation for optimal energy use during reproduction; its accompanying oligo-anovulation allowed PCOS women from antiquity sufficient time and strength for childrearing of fewer offspring with a greater likelihood of childhood survival. Heritable PCOS characteristics are affected by today's contemporary environment through epigenetic events that predispose women to lipotoxicity, with excess weight gain and pregnancy complications, calling for an emphasis on preventive healthcare to optimize the long-term, endocrine-metabolic health of PCOS women in today's obesogenic environment.
Perinatal nutrient restriction induces long-lasting alterations in the circadian expression pattern of genes regulating food intake and energy metabolism$$$ Objective: Several lines of evidence indicate that nutrient restriction during perinatal development sensitizes the offspring to the development of obesity, insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease in adulthood via the programming of hyperphagia and reduced energy expenditure. Given the link between the circadian clock and energy metabolism, and the resetting action of food on the circadian clock, in this study, we have investigated whether perinatal undernutrition affects the circadian expression rhythms of genes regulating food intake in the hypothalamus and energy metabolism in the liver. Design: Pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were fed ad libitum either a control (20% protein) or a low-protein (8% protein) diet throughout pregnancy and lactation. At weaning, pups received a standard diet and at 17 and 35 days of age, their daily patterns of gene expression were analyzed by real-time quantitative PCR experiments. Results: 17-day-old pups exposed to perinatal undernutrition exhibited significant alterations in the circadian expression profile of the transcripts encoding diverse genes regulating food intake, the metabolic enzymes fatty acid synthase and glucokinase as well as the clock genes BMAL1 and Period1. These effects persisted after weaning, were associated with hyperphagia and mirrored the results of the behavioral analysis of feeding. Thus, perinatally undernourished rats exhibited an increased hypothalamic expression of the orexigenic peptides agouti-related protein and neuropeptide Y. Conversely, the mRNA levels of the anorexigenic peptides pro-opiomelanocortin and cocaine and amphetamine-related transcripts were decreased. Conclusion: These observations indicate that the circadian clock undergoes nutritional programming. The programming of the circadian clock may contribute to the alterations in feeding and energy metabolism associated with malnutrition in early life, which might promote the development of metabolic disorders in adulthood. International Journal of Obesity (2011) 35, 990-1000; doi: 10.1038/ijo.2010.223; published online 9 November 2010
Maternal sucrose-rich diet and fetal programming: changes in hepatic lipogenic and oxidative enzymes and glucose homeostasis in adult offspring$$$ Nutritional insults during pregnancy and lactation (P + L) are often associated with offspring health risks. We investigated the effect of maternal exposure to a sucrose-rich diet (SRD) during P + L on glucose and lipid metabolism of adult offspring regardless of post-weaning diet. Dams were fed an SRD or a control diet (CD) during P + L. After weaning, male offspring from SRD and CD dams were divided into two groups and fed a CD or SRD until 150 days old forming CD-CD, CD-SRD, SRD-SRD and SRD-CD groups. Offspring where SRD was fed at any period of life showed: (1) increased adipose tissue weight without changes in the final body weight; (2) dyslipidemia as a result of increased very low density lipoprotein triglyceride secretion rate and decreased triglyceride clearance; (3) hepatic steatosis associated with increased activity of key enzymes involved in liver de novo lipogenesis and significant decrease of the activity of mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation enzyme. These results were more pronounced in CD-SRD and SRD-SRD groups. (4) Hyperglycemia without changes in insulin levels, plus a deterioration of intravenous glucose tolerance and intraperitoneal insulin tolerance test. We hypothesized that SRD during P + L could be associated with a programming effect on glucose homeostasis and hepatic lipid metabolism that predispose offspring to develop later-life insulin resistance and metabolic disorders, regardless of post-natal diet.
Follow-up of GK rats during prediabetes highlights increased insulin action and fat deposition despite low insulin secretion$$$ The adult Goto-Kakizaki (GK) rat is characterized by impaired glucose-induced insulin secretion in vivo and in vitro, decreased beta-cell mass, decreased insulin sensitivity in the liver, and moderate insulin resistance in muscles and adipose tissue. GK rats do not exhibit basal hyperglycemia during the first 3 wk after birth and therefore could be considered prediabetic during this period. Our aim was to identify the initial pathophysiological changes occurring during the prediabetes period in this model of type 2 diabetes (T2DM). To address this, we investigated beta-cell function, insulin sensitivity, and body composition in normoglycemic prediabetic GK rats. Our results revealed that the in vivo secretory response of GK beta-cells to glucose is markedly reduced and the whole body insulin sensitivity is increased in the prediabetic GK rats in vivo. Moreover, the body composition of suckling GK rats is altered compared with age-matched Wistar rats, with an increase of the number of adipocytes before weaning despite a decreased body weight and lean mass in the GK rats. None of these changes appeared to be due to the postnatal nutritional environment of GK pups as demonstrated by cross-fostering GK pups with nondiabetic Wistar dams. In conclusion, in the GK model of T2DM, beta-cell dysfunction associated with increased insulin sensitivity and the alteration of body composition are proximal events that might contribute to the establishment of overt diabetes in adult GK rats.
Effects on metabolic parameters in young rats born with low birth weight after exposure to a mixture of pesticides$$$ Pesticide exposure during fetal life can lead to low birth weight and is commonly observed in reproductive toxicology studies. Associations have also been found in low birth weight babies born from pesticide-exposed gardeners. Since low birth weight is also linked to metabolic disorders, it can be speculated that early life exposure to pesticides could increase the risk of becoming obese or developing diabetes later in life. We have analyzed potential long-term effects of gestational and lactational exposure to a low dose mixture of six pesticides that individually can cause low birth weight: Cyromazine, MCPB, Pirimicarb, Quinoclamine, Thiram, and Ziram. Exposed male offspring, who were smaller than controls, displayed some degree of catch-up growth. Insulin and glucagon regulation was not significantly affected, and analyses of liver and pancreas did not reveal obvious histopathological effects. Efforts towards identifying potential biomarkers of metabolic disease-risk did not result in any strong candidates, albeit leptin levels were altered in exposed animals. In fat tissues, the key genes Lep, Nmb and Nmbr were altered in high dosed offspring, and were differentially expressed between sexes. Our results suggest that early-life exposure to pesticides may contribute to the development of metabolic disorders later in life.
Prenatal exposure to a low-protein diet programs disordered regulation of lipid metabolism in the aging rat$$$ The nutritional environment encountered during fetal life is strongly implicated as a determinant of lifelong metabolic capacity and risk of disease. Pregnant rats were fed a control or low- protein ( LP) diet, targeted to early ( LPE), mid-( LPM), or late ( LPL) pregnancy, or throughout gestation ( LPA). The offspring were studied at 1, 9, and 18 mo of age. All LP- exposed groups had similar plasma triglyceride, cholesterol, glucose, and insulin concentrations to those of controls at 1 and 9 mo of age, but by 18 mo there was evidence of LP- programmed hypertri-glyceridemia and insulin resistance. All LP- exposed groups exhibited histological evidence of hepatic steatosis and were found to have two-to threefold more hepatic triglyceride than control animals. These phenotypic changes were accompanied by age- related changes in mRNA and protein expression of the transcription factors SREBP-1c, ChREBP, PPAR gamma, and PPAR alpha and their respective downstream target genes ACC1, FAS, L- PK, and MCAD. At 9 mo of age, the LP groups exhibited suppression of the SREBP-1c-related lipogenic pathway but between 9 and 18 mo underwent a switch to increased lipogenic capacity with a lower expression of PPAR gamma and MCAD, consistent with reduced lipid oxidation. The findings indicate that prenatal protein restriction programs development of a metabolic syndrome- like phenotype that develops only with senescence. The data implicate altered expression of SREBP- 1c and ChREBP as key mediators of the programmed phenotype, but the basis of the switch in metabolic status that occurred between 9 and 18 mo of age is, as yet, unidentified.
Liver volume and hepatic adiposity in childhood: relations to body growth and visceral fat$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The sequence of prenatal growth restraint and postnatal catch-up growth may lead to hepatovisceral adiposity, insulin resistance and low-grade inflammation before the onset of puberty. In prepubertal children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA) or small for gestational age (SGA), we assessed potential relationships between the aforementioned sequence and liver volume. SUBJECTS/METHODS: The study population consisted of 86 children (41 AGA and 45 SGA with catch-up growth; age (mean +/- s.e.m.), 8.5 +/- 0.1 years), recruited into two prospective longitudinal studies. Anthropometry, endocrine-metabolic variables and inflammatory and hepatic markers were assessed, along with liver volume, hepatic adiposity and abdominal fat partitioning (by magnetic resonance imaging). RESULTS: AGA and SGA children differed in hepato-visceral adiposity, but had similar liver volumes. Boys had larger livers than girls, and higher sex hormone binding globulin and inflammation markers. Liver volume correlated with height Z-score, body mass index Z-score, HOMA-IR (homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance) and with subcutaneous and visceral fat, but not with birth weight Z-score or with hepatic adiposity. Height, visceral fat, gender and HOMA-IR were major determinants of liver volume, together explaining 61% of its variance. CONCLUSIONS: The trajectory from prenatal restraint, via postnatal catch-up, to hepato-visceral adiposity and insulin resistance does not appear to be detectably influenced by prepubertal alterations of liver volume. Further follow-up will disclose the potential role of liver volume in the pubertal segment of this trajectory, and whether the augmented fat content and visceral adiposity in SGA subjects is followed by the development of metabolic syndrome and hepatic dysfunction in adulthood.
Suppression of uric acid and lactate production by sodium acetate ameliorates hepatic triglyceride accumulation in fructose-insulin resistant pregnant rats$$$ High fructose intake has been associated with perturbed lipid, uric acid and lactate homeostasis. However, consumption of fructose-sweetened beverages is not usually regulated during pregnancy. The effect of short-chain fatty acid (acetate) on the metabolic effects of high fructose intake during pregnancy is not known. We hypothesized that acetate prevents gestational fructose-induced hepatic triglyceride (TG) accumulation by suppressing uric acid and lactate production. Pregnant Wistar rats were randomly separated into three groups (n = 6/group) receiving drinking water (CON), 10 % (w/v) fructose drink (FRU) and 10 % (w/v) fructose with 200 mg/kg (w/w; p.o.) sodium acetate (FRU + ACE) daily for nineteen days. Fructose intake resulted in increased body weight gain, liver weight, fluid intake, visceral fat, insulin resistance, fasting blood glucose, insulin, plasma and hepatic TG, total cholesterol, free fatty acid, lipid peroxidation, adenosine deaminase, xanthine oxidase, uric acid, lactate, lactate dehydrogenase, and liver injury marker enzymes. However, gestational high fructose intake led to depressed plasma and hepatic glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD)-dependent antioxidant barrier, adenosine and food intake. All these effects except water intake and food intake were abated by sodium acetate. These results demonstrate that maternal fructose-enriched drink would cause hepatic TG accumulation that is associated with perturbed glucose, uric acid, lactate homeostasis, and G6PD-dependent antioxidant barrier. These results also demonstrate that acetate protects the liver against gestational fructose-induced TG accumulation by inhibiting uric acid and lactate production. Thus, acetate may be useful in the treatment of hyperuricemia- and hyperlactatemia-related disorders.
A Very-Low Calorie Diet Can Cause Remission of Diabetes Mellitus and Hypertriglyceridemia in Familial Partial Lipodystrophy$$$ There is no strong evidence that any specific diet is the preferred treatment for lipodystrophy syndromes. Here we remark on the benefits of a very-low calorie diet (VLCD) in a patient with familial partial lipodystrophy type 2 (FPLD2). A 38-year-old female diagnosed with FPLD2, with a history of multiple comorbidities, underwent 16 weeks of VLCD with a short-term goal of improving her metabolic state rapidly to achieve pregnancy by in-vitro fertilization (IVF). We observed a reduction of 12.3kg in body weight and 1.4% in HbA1c. The decrease in the area under the curves of insulin (-33.2%), triglycerides (-40.7%), and free fatty acids (-34%) were very remarkable. Total body fat was reduced by 16%, and liver fat by 80%. Her egg retrieval rate and quality during IVF were far superior to past hyperstimulation. Our data encourage the use of this medical approach for other patients with similar metabolic and reproductive abnormalities due to adipose tissue insufficiency.
A maternal low protein diet has pronounced effects on mitochondrial gene expression in offspring liver and skeletal muscle$$$ protective effect of taurine; Background: Low birth weight is associated with an increased risk of developing impaired glucose tolerance, and eventually type 2 diabetes in adult life. Gestational protein restriction in rodents gives rise to a low birth weight phenotype in the offspring. Results: We examined gene expression changes in liver and skeletal muscle of mice subjected to gestational protein restriction (LP) or not (NP), with or without taurine supplementation in the drinking water. LP offspring had a 40% lower birth weight than NP offspring, with taurine preventing half the decrease. Microarray gene expression analysis of newborn mice revealed significant changes in 2012 genes in liver and 967 genes in skeletal muscle of LP offspring. Taurine prevented 30% and 46% of these expression changes, respectively. Mitochondrial genes, especially those involved with oxidative phosphorylation, were more abundantly changed than other genes. The mitochondrial genes were mainly upregulated in liver, but downregulated in skeletal muscle, despite no change in citrate synthase activity in either tissue. Taurine preferentially rescued genes concerned with fatty acid metabolism in liver and with oxidative phosphorylation and TCA cycle in skeletal muscle. A mitochondrial signature was seen in the liver of NP offspring with taurine supplementation, as gene sets for mitochondrial ribosome as well as lipid metabolism were over represented in 4-week-old offspring subjected to gestational taurine supplementation. Likewise, 11 mitochondrial genes were significantly upregulated by gestational taurine supplementation in 4-week-old NP offspring. Conclusions: Gestational protein restriction resulted in lower birth weight associated with significant gene expression changes, which was different in liver and muscle of offspring. However, a major part of the birth weight decrease and the expression changes were prevented by maternal taurine supplementation, implying taurine is a key factor in determining expression patterns during development and in that respect also an important component in metabolic fetal programming.
Maternal exercise during pregnancy modulates genotoxicity caused by high fructose consumption in mice offspring$$$ Pregnancy is a period that is characterized by several metabolic and physiological changes and requires special attention, especially with regard to the relationship between feeding and foetal development. Therefore, the objective of this study was to evaluate whether the practice of voluntary physical exercise (VPE) in combination with chronic consumption of fructose (FRU) from the beginning of life and/or until the gestational period causes genotoxic changes in pregnant females and in their offspring. Seventy Swiss female mice received FRU in the hydration bottle and/or practiced VPE for 8 weeks (prepregnancy/pregnancy). After the lactation period, the offspring groups were separated by sex. It was observed that the consumption of FRU affected the food consumption, serum concentration of FRU, and glycemic profile in the mothers and that the VPE decreases these parameters. In addition, FRU was genotoxic in the mothers' peripheral tissues and VPE had a preventive effect on these parameters. The offspring showed changes in food consumption, serum FRU concentration, and body weight, in addition to an increase in the adiposity index in male offspring in the FRU (FRU) group and a decrease in the FRU + VPE group. FRU leads to hepatic steatosis in the offspring and VPE was able to decrease the area of steatosis. In addition, FRU led to genotoxicity in the offspring and VPE was able to modulate this effect, reducing damages. In conclusion, we observed that all interventions with VPE had nutritional, genetic, and biochemical benefits of the mother and her offspring.
Palmitic acid feeding increases ceramide supply in association with increased milk yield, circulating nonesterified fatty acids, and adipose tissue responsiveness to a glucose challenge$$$ Reduced insulin action is a key adaptation that facilitates glucose partitioning to the mammary gland for milk synthesis and enhances adipose tissue lipolysis during early lactation. The progressive recovery of insulin sensitivity as cows advance toward late lactation is accompanied by reductions in circulating nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) and milk yield. Because palmitic acid can promote insulin resistance in monogastrics through sphingolipid ceramide-dependent mechanisms, palmitic acid (C16:0) feeding may enhance milk production by restoring homeorhetic responses. We hypothesized that feeding C16:0 to mid-lactation cows would enhance ceramide supply and ceramide would be positively associated with milk yield. Twenty multiparous mid-lactation Holstein cows were enrolled in a study consisting of a 5-d covariate, 49-d treatment, and 14-d posttreatment period. All cows were randomly assigned to a sorghum silage-based diet containing no supplemental fat (control; n = 10; 138 +/- 45 d in milk) or C16:0 at 4% of ration dry matter (PALM; 98% C16:0; n = 10; 136 +/- 44 d in milk). Blood and milk were collected at routine intervals. Liver and skeletal muscle tissue were biopsied at d 47 of treatment. Intravenous glucose tolerance tests (300 mg/kg of body weight) were performed at d(-1), 24, and 49 relative to start of treatment. The plasma and tissue concentrations of ceramide and glycosylated ceramide were determined using liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry. Data were analyzed as repeated measures using a mixed model with fixed effects of treatment and time, and milk yield served as a covariate. The PALM treatment increased milk yield, energy-corrected milk, and milk fat yield. The most abundant plasma and tissue sphingolipids detected were C24:0-ceramide, C24:0-monohexosylceramide (GlcCer), and C16:0-lactosylceramide. Plasma concentrations of total ceramide and GlcCer decreased as lactation advanced, and ceramide and GlcCer were elevated in cows fed PALM. Palmitic acid feeding increased hepatic ceramide levels, a response not observed in skeletal muscle tissue. Plasma ceramides (e.g., C24:0-ceramide) were positively correlated with plasma NEFA and milk yield, and positively correlated with NEFA levels following a glucose challenge. Our data demonstrate a remodeled plasma and hepatic sphingo-lipidome in mid-lactation dairy cows fed PALM. The potential involvement in ceramide in homeorhetic nutrient partitioning to support lactation requires further consideration.
Hepatic and Whole-Body Insulin Metabolism during Proestrus and Estrus in Mongrel Dogs$$$ Insulin resistance occurs during various stages of the estrus cycle in dogs. To quantify the effects of proestrus-estrus (PE) and determine whether PE affects liver insulin sensitivity, 11 female mongrel dogs were implanted with sampling and intraportal infusion catheters. Five of the dogs (PE group) entered proestrus after surgery; those remaining in anestrus were controls. The dogs were fasted overnight, [3-H-3]glucose and somatostatin were infused through peripheral veins, and glucagon was infused intraportally. Insulin was infused intraportally, with the rate adjusted to maintain arterial plasma glucose at basal levels (PE, 294 +/- 25 mu U/kg/min; control, 223 +/- 21 mu U/kg/min). Subsequently the insulin infusion rate was increased by 0.2 mU/kg/min for 120 min (P1) and then to 1.5 mU/kg/min for the last 120 min (P2); glucose was infused peripherally as needed to maintain euglycemia. Insulin concentrations did not differ between groups at any time; they increased 3 mu U/mL over baseline during P1 and to 3 times baseline during P2. The glucose infusion rate in PE dogs during P2 was 63% of that in control dogs. Net hepatic glucose output and the endogenous glucose production rate declined 40% to 50% from baseline in both groups during P1; during P2, both groups exhibited a low rate of net hepatic glucose uptake with full suppression of endogenous glucose production. The glucose disappearance rate during P1 and P2 was 35% greater in control than PE dogs. Therefore, PE in canines is associated with loss of nonhepatic (primarily muscle) but not hepatic insulin sensitivity.
Obesity alters the mouse endometrial transcriptome in a cell context-dependent manner$$$ Obesity impacts fertility and is positively correlated with endometrial hyperplasia and endometrial cancer occurrence. Endometrial epithelia often harbor disease driver-mutations, while endometrial stroma are highly regulative of neighboring epithelia. Here, we sought to determine distinct transcriptome changes occurring in individual cell types in the obese mouse uterus. Outbred CD-1 mice were fed high-fat or control diets for 18 weeks, estrous cycle staged, and endometrial epithelia, macrophages, and stroma isolated for transcriptomic analysis. High-fat diet mice displayed increased body mass and developed glucose intolerance, hyperinsulinemia, and fatty liver. Obese mouse epithelia displayed differential gene expression for genes related to innate immunity and leukocyte chemotaxis. The obese mouse stroma differentially expressed factors related to circadian rhythm, and expression of these genes correlated with glucose tolerance or body mass. We observed correlations between F4/80 + macrophage numbers, Cleaved Caspase 3 (CC3) apoptosis marker staining and glucose intolerance among obese mice, including a subgroup of obese mice with high CC3 + luminal epithelia. This subgroup displayed differential gene expression among all cell types, with pathways related to immune escape in epithelia and macrophages, while the stroma dysregulated pathways related to regulation of epithelia. These results suggest an important role for differential response of both the epithelia and stroma in their response to obesity, while macrophages are dysregulated in the context of apoptotic epithelia. The obesity-related gene expression programs in cells within the uterine microenvironment may influence the ability of the endometrium to function during pregnancy and influence disease pathogenesis.
Programming of maternal and offspring disease: impact of growth restriction, fetal sex and transmission across generations$$$ Babies born small are at an increased risk of developing myriad adult diseases. While growth restriction increases disease risk in all individuals, often a second hit is required to unmask 'programmed' impairments in physiology. Programmed disease outcomes are demonstrated more commonly in male offspring compared with females, with these sex-specific outcomes partly attributed to different placenta-regulated growth strategies of the male and female fetus. Pregnancy is known to be a major risk factor for unmasking a number of conditions and can be considered a 'second hit' for women who were born small. As such, female offspring often develop impairments of physiology for the first time during pregnancy that present as pregnancy complications. Numerous maternal stressors can further increase the risk of developing a maternal complication during pregnancy. Importantly, these maternal complications can have long-term consequences for both the mother after pregnancy and the developing fetus. Conditions such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and hypertension as well as thyroid, liver and kidney diseases are all conditions that can complicate pregnancy and have long-term consequences for maternal and offspring health. Babies born to mothers who develop these conditions are often at a greater risk of developing disease in adulthood. This has implications as a mechanism for transmission of disease across generations. In this review, we discuss the evidence surrounding long-term intergenerational implications of being born small and/or experiencing stress during pregnancy on programming outcomes.
Dexamethasone programs lower fatty acid absorption and reduced PPAR-γ and fat/CD36 expression in the jejunum of the adult rat offspring$$$ The progeny of rats born and breastfed by mothers receiving dexamethasone (DEX) during pregnancy exhibits permanent reduction in body weight and adiposity but the precise mechanisms related to this programming are not fully understood. In order to clarify this issue, the present study investigated key aspects of lipoprotein production and lipid metabolism by the liver and the intestine that would explain the reduced adiposity seen in the adult offspring exposed to DEX in utero. Female Wistar rats were treated with DEX (0.1 mg/kg/day) between the 15th and the 21st days of pregnancy, while control mothers were treated with vehicle. Male offspring born to control mothers were nursed by either adoptive control mothers (CTL/CTL) or DEX-treated mothers (CTL/DEX). Male offspring born to DEX-treated mothers were nursed by either control mothers (DEX/CTL) or adoptive DEX-treated mothers (DEX/DEX). We found that only the male DEX/DEX offspring had reduced adiposity. Additionally, male DEX/DEX progeny had lower circulating triacylglycerol (TAG) levels only in fed-state. The four groups of offspring presented similar energy expenditure, respiratory quotient and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) production. On the other hand, DEX/DEX rats displayed reduced TAG levels after gavage with olive oil and reduced expression of fatty acid translocase Cd36 (Fat/Cd36) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (Pparg) in the jejunum. Altogether, our study supports the notion that reduced fat absorption by the jejunum may contribute to the lower adiposity of the adult offspring born and breastfed by mothers treated with DEX during pregnancy.
Fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) administration to early-lactating dairy cows. II. Pharmacokinetics, whole-animal performance, and lipid metabolism$$$ Dairy cows cope with severe energy insufficiency in early lactation by engaging in intense and sustained mobilization of fatty acids from adipose tissue. An unwanted side effect of this adaptation is excessive lipid accumulation in the liver, which in turn impairs hepatic functions. Mice experiencing increased hepatic fatty acid flux are protected from this condition through coordinated actions of the newly described hormone fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) on liver and adipose tissue. The possibility of an analogous role for FGF21. in dairy cows is suggested by its rapid increase in plasma levels around parturition followed by chronically elevated levels in the first few weeks of lactation. To test this hypothesis, dairy cows were randomly assigned on d 12.6 +/- 2.2 (+/- standard error) of lactation to receive either an excipient (control; n = 6) or recombinant human FGF21 (n = 7), first as an FGF21 bolus of 3 mg/kg of body weight (BW) followed 2 d later by a constant i.v. infusion of FGF21, at a rate of 6.3 mg/kg of metabolic BW for 9 consecutive days. After bolus administration, human FGF21 circulated with a half-life of 194 min, and its constant infusion increased total plasma concentration 117-fold over levels in excipient-infused cows. The FGF21 treatment had no effect on voluntary feed intake, milk yield, milk energy output, or net energy balance measured over the 9-d infusion or on final BW. Plasma fatty acids circulated at lower concentrations in the FGF21 group than in the control group for the 8-h period following bolus administration, but this reduction was not significant during the period of constant i.v. infusion. Treatment with FGF21 caused a 50% reduction in triglyceride content in liver biopsies taken at the end of the constant i.v. infusion without altering the mRNA abundance of key genes involved in the transport, acyl coenzyme A activation, or oxidation of fatty acids. In contrast, FGF21 treatment ablated the recovery of plasma insulin-like growth factor-1 seen in control cows during the 9-d i.v. infusion period despite a tendency for higher plasma growth hormone. This effect was associated with increased hepatic mRNA abundance of the intracellular inhibitor of growth hormone receptor trafficking, LEPROT. Overall, these data confirm the ability of FGF21 to reduce lipid accumulation in bovine liver and suggest the possibility that FGF21, does so by attenuating the hepatic influx of adipose tissue-derived fatty acids.
Impact of perinatal exposure to sucrose or high fructose corn syrup (HFCS-55) on adiposity and hepatic lipid composition in rat offspring$$$ Perinatal exposure to excess maternal intake of added sugars, including fructose and sucrose, is associated with an increased risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes in adult life. However, it is unknown to what extent the type of sugar and the timing of exposure affect these outcomes. The aim of this study was to determine the impact of exposure to maternal consumption of a 10% (w/v) beverage containing sucrose or high fructose corn syrup-55 (HFCS-55) during the prenatal and/or suckling periods on offspring at 3 and 12weeks, utilising a cross-fostering approach in a rodent model. Perinatal sucrose exposure decreased plasma glucose concentrations in offspring at 3weeks, but did not alter glucose tolerance. Increased adiposity was observed in 3-week-old offspring exposed to sucrose or HFCS-55 during suckling, with increased hepatic fat content in HFCS-55-exposed offspring. In terms of specific fatty acids, hepatic monounsaturated (omega-7 and -9) fatty acid content was elevated at weaning, and was most pronounced in sucrose offspring exposed during both the prenatal and suckling periods, and HFCS-55 offspring exposed during suckling only. By 12weeks, the effects on adiposity and hepatic lipid composition were largely normalised. However, exposure to either sucrose or HFCS-55 during the prenatal period only was associated with elevated plasma free fatty acids at weaning, and this effect persisted until 12weeks. This study suggests that the type of sugar and the timing of exposure (prenatal or suckling periods) are both important for determining the impact on metabolic health outcomes in the offspring.
Maternal high-fat diet associated with altered gene expression, DNA methylation, and obesity risk in mouse offspring$$$ We investigated maternal obesity in inbred SM/J mice by assigning females to a high-fat diet or a low-fat diet at weaning, mating them to low-fat-fed males, cross-fostering the offspring to low-fat-fed SM/J nurses at birth, and weaning the offspring onto a high-fat or low-fat diet. A maternal high-fat diet exacerbated obesity in the high-fat-fed daughters, causing them to weigh more, have more fat, and have higher serum levels of leptin as adults, accompanied by dozens of gene expression changes and thousands of DNA methylation changes in their livers and hearts. Maternal diet particularly affected genes involved in RNA processing, immune response, and mitochondria. Between one-quarter and one-third of differentially expressed genes contained a differentially methylated region associated with maternal diet. An offspring high-fat diet reduced overall variation in DNA methylation, increased body weight and organ weights, increased long bone lengths and weights, decreased insulin sensitivity, and changed the expression of 3,908 genes in the liver. Although the offspring were more affected by their own diet, their maternal diet had epigenetic effects lasting through adulthood, and in the daughters these effects were accompanied by phenotypic changes relevant to obesity and diabetes.
Fructose might be a clue to the origin of preeclampsia <i>insights from nature and evolution</i>$$$ Preeclampsia is a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy and is due to abnormal placentation. The pathogenesis remains unclear. Fructose is biologically distinct from glucose and has a critical role in fetal growth in early pregnancy. Many species, including humans, produce fructose in their placenta during the first trimester to assist fetal growth and survival during a time when hypoxia is significant. Fructose is preferred over glucose in hypoxic tissues, and in the developing fetus, fructose has a critical role in stimulating the production of nucleic acids, lipids and glycosaminoglycans. Fructose production normally decreases significantly following the establishment of maternal-fetal circulation following placentation. However, if there is impaired placentation, local hypoxia will continue to drive fructose production. Excessive fructose metabolism drives endothelial dysfunction, oxidative stress, elevated blood pressure, insulin resistance, fatty liver, and a rise in uric acid and vasopressin levels, all of which are features of the preeclamptic state. In addition to fructose production, dietary fructose, for example, from soft drinks, would be additive and has been reported to be a strong independent risk factor for preeclampsia. Uric acid-associated endothelial dysfunction disturbs the invasion of the spiral artery, leading to placental ischemia and further placental hypoxia. Here, we summarize the previous literature regarding the physiological and pathological roles of fructose in pregnancy and propose studies to further investigate the pathogenesis of preeclampsia.
Maternal high fructose and low protein consumption during pregnancy and lactation share some but not all effects on early-life growth and metabolic programming of rat offspring$$$ Maternal nutritional stress during pregnancy acts to program offspring metabolism. We hypothesized that the nutritional stress caused by maternal fructose or low protein intake during pregnancy would program the offspring to develop metabolic aberrations that would be exacerbated by a diet rich in fructose or fat during adult life. The objective of this study was to characterize and compare the fetal programming effects of maternal fructose with the established programming model of a low-protein diet on offspring. Male offspring from Sprague-Dawley dams fed a 60% starch control diet, a 60% fructose diet, or a low-protein diet throughout pregnancy and lactation were weaned onto either a 60% starch control diet, 60% fructose diet, or a 30% fat diet for 15 weeks. Offspring from low-protein and fructose-fed dam showed retarded growth (P < .05) at weaning (50.3, 29.6 vs 59.1 +/- 0.8 g) and at 18 weeks of age (420, 369 vs 464 +/- 10.9 g). At 18 weeks of age, offspring from fructose dams expressed greater quantities (P < .05) of intestinal Pgc1a messenger RNA compared with offspring from control or low-protein dams (1.31 vs 0.89, 0.85; confidence interval, 0.78-1.04). Similarly, maternal fructose (P = .09) and low-protein (P < .05) consumption increased expression of Pgc1a in offspring liver (7.24, 2.22 vs 1.22; confidence interval, 2.11-3.45). These data indicate that maternal fructose feeding is a programming model that shares some features of maternal protein restriction such as retarded growth, but is unique in programming of selected hepatic and intestinal transcripts. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Molecular Insight into the Interaction between Epigenetics and Leptin in Metabolic Disorders$$$ Nowadays, it is well-known that the deregulation of epigenetic machinery is a common biological event leading to the development and progression of metabolic disorders. Moreover, the expression level and actions of leptin, a vast adipocytokine regulating energy metabolism, appear to be strongly associated with epigenetics. Therefore, the aim of this review was to summarize the current knowledge of the epigenetic regulation of leptin as well as the leptin-induced epigenetic modifications in metabolic disorders and associated phenomena. The collected data indicated that the deregulation of leptin expression and secretion that occurs during the course of metabolic diseases is underlain by a variation in the level of promoter methylation, the occurrence of histone modifications, along with miRNA interference. Furthermore, leptin was proven to epigenetically regulate several miRNAs and affect the activity of the histone deacetylases. These epigenetic modifications were observed in obesity, gestational diabetes, metabolic syndrome and concerned various molecular processes like glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity, liver fibrosis, obesity-related carcinogenesis, adipogenesis or fetal/early postnatal programming. Moreover, the circulating miRNA profiles were associated with the plasma leptin level in metabolic syndrome, and miRNAs were found to be involved in hypothalamic leptin sensitivity. In summary, the evidence suggests that leptin is both a target and a mediator of epigenetic changes that develop in numerous tissues during metabolic disorders.
Metabolic and molecular effects of dietary extra virgin olive oil in blood and placenta of women with GDM$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risks of maternal, placental, and neonatal complications. Previously, we found that a diet enriched in extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) prevents increased maternal triglyceridemia and placental proinflammatory markers in a cohort of GDM patients. The aim of this work was to evaluate maternal circulating markers of insulin resistance, placental collagen, glycogen and lipid levels, and placental levels of proteins, mRNAs, and a microRNA involved in the endocytic pathway in the same cohort of control women and women with GDM who received or did not receive a diet enriched in EVOO (36 g/day) from weeks 24 to 28 of pregnancy until term.Results: At term, the TG/HDL cholesterol ratio, fatty acid binding protein 4 circulating levels, and maternal BMI were increased in the GDM patients, alterations prevented by the maternal diet enriched in EVOO. Although there were no changes in placental lipid levels and lipid profile, GDM placentas were thicker than controls and showed increased glycogen and collagen content, alterations prevented by the EVOO enriched diet. GDM placentas showed increases in megalin levels, in the expression of several genes involved in the endocytic pathway, and in miR-199, which targets these genes, alterations prevented by the maternal diet enriched in EVOO.Conclusions: We identified novel beneficial effects of an EVOO-enriched diet in GDM women, a diet capable of regulating maternal insulin resistance, the structure and metabolism of the placenta, and the placental endocytic pathway, suggesting effects that may be beneficial for fetal development.
Insulin resistance of gluconeogenic pathways in neonatal rats after prenatal ethanol exposure$$$ Alcohol exposure during pregnancy is associated with fetal growth restriction and programs the offspring to insulin resistance later in life. The underlying mechanisms are still uncertain, but a dysregulation of gluconeogenesis and adipose hormones may be contributory. Newborn rats from dams that had been given ethanol (EtOH) or water (controls) during pregnancy were studied. Adiponectin mRNA was determined in subcutaneous fat by RT-PCR, and serum adiponectin was measured by RIA. Subsets of rats were killed before and after intraperitoneal administration of insulin, to determine, by RT-PCR, the hepatic expression of gluconeogenic enzymes and that of the transcription factor peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-coactivator (PGC)-1, which promotes gluconeogenesis. EtOH offspring had delayed hypoglycemic response to insulin but normal adiponectin mRNA and serum levels compared with controls. The inhibitory response of the gluconeogenic enzyme phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK) and PGC-1 mRNAs to insulin was blunted in EtOH offspring compared with controls. The data suggest that intrauterine EtOH exposure causes insulin resistance of genes for PGC-1 and PEPCK early in life.
Neonatal nicotine exposure causes insulin and leptin resistance and inhibits hypothalamic leptin signaling in adult rat offspring$$$ Maternal nicotine (NIC) exposure during lactation leads to overweight, hyperleptinemia, and hypothyroidism in adult rat offspring. In this model, we analyzed adipocyte morphology, glucose homeostasis (serum insulin and adiponectin; liver and muscle glycogen), serum lipid, and the leptin signaling pathway. After birth, osmotic minipumps were implanted in lactating rats, which were divided into the groups NIC (6 mg/kg per day s.c. for 14 days) and control (C, saline). NIC and C offspring were killed at the age of 180 days. Adult NIC rats showed higher total body fat (+10%, P<0.05), visceral fat mass (+12%, P<0.05), and cross-sectional area of adipocytes (epididymal: +12% and inguinal: +43%, P<0.05). Serum lipid profile showed no alteration except for apolipoprotein AI, which was lower. We detected a lower adiponectin: fat mass ratio (-24%, P<0.05) and higher insulinemia (+56%, P<0.05), insulin resistance index (+43%, P<0.05), leptinemia (+113%, P<0.05), and leptin: adiponectin ratio (+98%, P<0.05) in the adult NIC group. These rats presented lower hypothalamic contents of the proteins of the leptin signaling pathway (leptin receptor (OB-R): -61%, janus tyrosine kinase 2: -41%, and p-signal transducer and activator of transcription 3: -56%, P<0.05), but higher suppressor of cytokine signaling 3 (+81%, P<0.05). Therefore, NIC exposure only during lactation programs rats for adipocyte hypertrophy in adult life, as well as for leptin and insulin resistance. Through the effects of NIC, perinatal maternal cigarette smoking may be responsible for the future development of some components of the metabolic syndrome in the offspring. Journal of Endocrinology (2010) 206, 55-63
Treating HIV during pregnancy - An update on safety issues$$$ The expanded use of multiple antiretroviral drugs during pregnancy has led to a reduction in the occurrence of perinatal transmission of HIV to < 2%, but has led to concerns regarding both short-term toxicity and the long-term impact on the woman and her child. Enhanced toxicity of nevirapine has been noted among women with CD4+ lymphocyte counts > 250 cells/mu L at treatment initiation and among pregnant women on long-term didanosine and stavudine. These drugs should be avoided in such situations if alternatives are available. Efavirenz has been associated with birth defects in monkeys, and several cases of neural tube defects have been reported in humans after first trimester exposure, so treatment with this drug should be avoided during the first trimester. Protease inhibitors have been associated with an increased risk of maternal glucose intolerance, pre-eclampsia and preterm birth in some, but not all, studies. Pregnancies exposed to antiretroviral therapy should be registered with the Antiretroviral Pregnancy Registry as early in pregnancy as possible in order to provide data on the risk of birth defects after exposure. The pharmacokinetics of nucleoside and non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors are not significantly changed in pregnancy, so standard dosing may be used. However, concentrations of several protease inhibitors are lower in pregnancy, so ritonavir-boosting or increased doses are required. Of great theoretical concern is the impact of resistance mutations that develop following single-dose nevirapine therapy on the response to later therapy among women and their infected infants. The use of dual nucleoside therapy for 3-7 days after single-dose nevirapine in the mother reduces but does not eliminate the risk of nevirapine resistance; alternative regimens for prevention of resistance are under study, as are the subsequent responses of the mother and her infant to therapy. Short courses of prophylactic zidovudine and nevirapine have been well tolerated in neonates. Concern has been raised, however, that these exposures may lead to persistent mitochondrial dysfunction or later cancers, underscoring the need for long-term surveillance of antiretroviral-exposed, HIV-uninfected infants.
Effect of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid supplementation on C-peptide preservation in pregnant women with type-1 diabetes: randomized placebo controlled clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Type-1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) is caused by autoimmune insulitis. There are evidences that pregnancy and n-3 fatty acids exhibit suppressive effect on human inflammatory system. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Ninety pregnant women with T1DM were included in the prospective randomized placebo controlled clinical trial. Forty-seven of them were put on standard diabetic diet enriched with EPA and DHA twice a day (EPA 120 mg and DHA 616 mg; Study group) and 43 pregnant diabetic women were on standard diabetic diet with placebo (Control group). Duration of T1DM in all participants was between 5 to 30 years. Blood samples were analyzed from all pregnant women for fasting C-peptide (FC-peptide), fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and HbA1c in each trimester throughout pregnancy and after delivery. Umbilical vein blood was analyzed for fetal C-peptide level, glucose concentration and insulin resistance. RESULTS: In the Study group FC-peptide concentration raised from 59.6 +/- 103.9 pmol/l in first trimester, to 67.7 +/- 101.3 pmol/l in the second trimester and to 95.1 +/- 152.7 pmol/l in the third trimester. Comparing the FC-peptide values during first and third trimester a statistically significant increase in third trimester was found (P < 0.001). In the Control group FC-peptide concentration ranged from 41.7 +/- 91.6 pmol/l in the first trimester to 41.2 +/- 70.9 mmol/l in the second trimester while in the third trimester it reached 52.4 +/- 95.3 pmol/l. Comparing the FC-peptide values during first and third trimester the statistical difference was not significant. CONCLUSION: Combining of LC n-3 PUFAs and pregnancy yields immunological tolerance and stimulates the production of endogenous insulin in women with T1DM.
High-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation impairs the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway in the liver and white adipose tissue of mouse offspring$$$ Cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway (CAP) prevents inflammatory cytokines production. The main was to evaluate the effect of maternal obesity on cholinergic pathway in the offspring. Female mice were subjected to either standard chow (SC) or high-fat diet (HFD) during pregnancy and the lactation period. After weaning, only male offspring from HFD dams (HFD-O) and from SC dams (SC-O) were fed the SC diet. Key proteins of the CAP were downregulated and serum TNF-alpha was elevated in the HFD-O mice. STAT3 and NF-kappa B activation in HFD-O mice ICV injected with nicotine (agonist) were lower than SC-O mice. Basal cholinesterase activity was upregulated in HFD-O mice in both investigated tissues. Lipopolysaccharide increased TNF-alpha and IL-1 beta expression in the liver and WAT of SC-O mice, but this effect was greater in HFD-O mice. In conclusion these changes exacerbated cytokine production in response to LPS and contributed to the reduced sensitivity of the CAP. (C) 2015 Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Case Report:Pregnancy and birth in a mild phenotype of Alstrom syndrome$$$ Background: Alstrom syndrome (AS) is an ultrarare multisystemic progressive disease caused by autosomal recessive variations of the ALMS1 gene (2p13). AS is characterized by double sensory impairment, cardiomyopathy, childhood obesity, extreme insulin resistance, early nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, renal dysfunction, respiratory disease, endocrine and urologic disorders. In female AS patients, hyperandrogenism has been described but fertility issues and conception have not been investigated so far. Case: This case report describes the spontaneous conception, pregnancy, and birth in a 27-year-old woman with AS, characterized by a mild phenotype with late onset of visual impairment, residual perception of light, and hypertension. Before pregnancy, menses were regular with increased levels of dihydrotestosterone and androstanediol glucuronide in the follicular phase, and the ovaries and endometrium were normal during vaginal ultrasound. A thorough clinical follow-up of the maternal and fetal conditions was carried out. A weight gain of 10 kg during pregnancy was recorded, and serial blood and urine tests were all within the normal range, except for mild anemia. The course of pregnancy was uneventful up to 34 weeks of gestation when preeclampsia developed with an abnormally high level of blood pressure and edema in the lower limbs. At 35 weeks + 3 days of gestation, an urgent cesarean section was performed, and a healthy male weighing 1,950 g was born. Histological examination of the placenta showed partial signs of flow obstruction, limited abruption areas, congested fetal vessels and villi, and a small single infarcted area. Conclusion: The present case demonstrates for the first time that conceiving is possible for patients with ALMS. Particular attention should be given to the management of AS systemic comorbidities through the course of pregnancy.
Antioxidant Effects of N-Acetylcysteine Prevent Programmed Metabolic Disease in Mice$$$ An adverse maternal in utero and lactation environment can program offspring for increased risk for metabolic disease. The aim of this study was to determine whether N-acetylcysteine (NAC), an anti-inflammatory antioxidant, attenuates programmed susceptibility to obesity and insulin resistance in offspring of mothers on a high-fat diet (HFD) during pregnancy. CD1 female mice were acutely fed a standard breeding chow or HFD. NAC was added to the drinking water (1 g/kg) of the treatment cohorts from embryonic day 0.5 until the end of lactation. NAC treatment normalized HFD-induced maternal weight gain and oxidative stress, improved the maternal lipidome, and prevented maternal leptin resistance. These favorable changes in the in utero environment normalized postnatal growth, decreased white adipose tissue (WAT) and hepatic fat, improved glucose and insulin tolerance and antioxidant capacity, reduced leptin and insulin, and increased adiponectin in HFD offspring. The lifelong metabolic improvements in the offspring were accompanied by reductions in proinflammatory gene expression in liver and WAT and increased thermogenic gene expression in brown adipose tissue. These results, for the first time, provide a mechanistic rationale for how NAC can prevent the onset of metabolic disease in the offspring of mothers who consume a typical Western HFD.
Early exposure to distinct sources of lipids affects differently the development and hepatic inflammatory profiles of 21-day-old rat offspring$$$ Introduction: Maternal diet composition of fatty acids during pregnancy and lactation seems to modify the fetal programming, epigenetic pattern and offspring phenotype. Aim: Herein, we investigated the effects of maternal consumption of normal-fat diets with distinct lipid sources during pregnancy and lactation on the somatic development and proinflammatory status of 21-day-old rat offspring. Materials and Methods: On the first day of pregnancy, female Wistar rats were divided into four groups as follows: soybean oil (M-SO), lard (M-L), hydrogenated vegetable fat (M-HVF) and fish oil (M-FO). Diets were maintained during pregnancy and lactation. Male offspring constituted the SO, L, HVF and FO groups. Pups were weighed and measured weekly. Lipopolysaccharide serum concentration was determined. Tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin (IL)-6 and IL-10 in the liver were evaluated by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Liver gene expressions were determined by real-time polymerase chain reaction. Protein expressions in the liver were analyzed by Western blotting. Results: We observed an increase in body weight and adiposity in L and HVF groups. Moreover, HVF group showed an increase in the toll-like receptor 4 mRNA levels, IL10R alpha and phosphorylated form of I kappa B kinase (IKK; p-IKK alpha+beta) protein expression. The FO group presented a decrease in body weight, relative weight of retroperitoneal adipose tissue, ADIPOR2 gene expression, lipopolysaccharide and p-IKK alpha+beta and phosphorylated form of nuclear transcription factor kappa B (NF kappa B) p50 (p-NF kappa B p50) protein expression. Conclusion: Summarily, whereas maternal intake of normal-fat diets based on L and HVF appear to affect the somatic development negatively, only early exposure to HVF impairs the pups' proinflammatory status. In contrast, maternal diets based on FO during pregnancy and lactation have been more beneficial to the adiposity and toll-like receptor 4 signaling pathway of the 21-day-old rat offspring, particularly when compared to L or HVF diets.
Pathophysiological Effects of Contemporary Lifestyle on Evolutionary-Conserved Survival Mechanisms in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome$$$ Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is increasingly being characterized as an evolutionary mismatch disorder that presents with a complex mixture of metabolic and endocrine symptoms. The Evolutionary Model proposes that PCOS arises from a collection of inherited polymorphisms that have been consistently demonstrated in a variety of ethnic groups and races. In utero developmental programming of susceptible genomic variants are thought to predispose the offspring to develop PCOS. Postnatal exposure to lifestyle and environmental risk factors results in epigenetic activation of developmentally programmed genes and disturbance of the hallmarks of health. The resulting pathophysiological changes represent the consequences of poor-quality diet, sedentary behaviour, endocrine disrupting chemicals, stress, circadian disruption, and other lifestyle factors. Emerging evidence suggests that lifestyle-induced gastrointestinal dysbiosis plays a central role in the pathogenesis of PCOS. Lifestyle and environmental exposures initiate changes that result in disturbance of the gastrointestinal microbiome (dysbiosis), immune dysregulation (chronic inflammation), altered metabolism (insulin resistance), endocrine and reproductive imbalance (hyperandrogenism), and central nervous system dysfunction (neuroendocrine and autonomic nervous system). PCOS can be a progressive metabolic condition that leads to obesity, gestational diabetes, type two diabetes, metabolic-associated fatty liver disease, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. This review explores the mechanisms that underpin the evolutionary mismatch between ancient survival pathways and contemporary lifestyle factors involved in the pathogenesis and pathophysiology of PCOS.
Therapeutic advances in overcoming intrauterine growth restriction induced metabolic syndrome$$$ Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) remains a great public health challenge as it affects neonatal survival and influences their normal biological development and metabolism. Several clinical researches have revealed the occurrence of metabolic syndrome, such as insulin resistance, obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, oxidative stress, dyslipidemia, as direct results of IUGR. Therefore, it is essential to understand its underlying mechanism, impact and develop effective therapies. The purpose of this work is to review the current knowledge on IUGR induced metabolic syndrome and relevant therapies. Here in, we elaborate on the characteristics and causes of IUGR by pointing out recent research findings. Furthermore, we discuss the impact of IUGR on different organs of the body, followed by preclinical studies on IUGR using suitable animal models. Additionally, various metabolic disorders with their genetic implications, such as insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, obesity are detailed. Finally, the current therapeutic options used in the treatment of IUGR are summarized with some prospective therapies highlighted.
Lipotoxicity in obese pregnancy and its potential role in adverse pregnancy outcome and obesity in the offspring$$$ Increasing maternal obesity is a challenge that has an impact on all aspects of female reproduction. Lean and obese pregnant women gain similar fat mass, but lean women store fat in the lower-body compartment and obese women in central compartments. In the non-pregnant, central storage of fat is associated with adipocyte hypertrophy and represents a failure to adequately store excess fatty acids, resulting in metabolic dysregulation and ectopic fat accumulation (lipotoxicity). Obese pregnancy is associated with exaggerated metabolic adaptation, endothelial dysfunction and increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcome. We hypothesize that the preferential storage of fat in central rather than 'safer' lower-body depots in obese pregnancy leads to lipotoxicity. The combination of excess fatty acids and oxidative stress leads to the production of oxidized lipids, which can be cytotoxic and influence gene expression by acting as ligands for nuclear receptors. Lipid excess and oxidative stress provoke endothelial dysfunction. Oxidized lipids can inhibit trophoblast invasion and influence placental development, lipid metabolism and transport and can also affect fetal developmental pathways. As lipotoxicity has the capability of influencing both maternal endothelial function and placental function, it may link maternal obesity and placentally related adverse pregnancy outcomes such as miscarriage and pre-eclampsia. The combination of excess/altered lipid nutrient supply, suboptimal in utero metabolic environment and alterations in placental gene expression, inflammation and metabolism may also induce obesity in the offspring.
Placental growth factor (PlGF) is linked to inflammation and metabolic disorders in mice with diet-induced obesity$$$ Placental growth factor (PlGF), a member of the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) sub-family, plays a major role in angiogenesis and vasculogenesis. Previous study demonstrated that PlGF-overexpressing transgenic (Tg) mice had gestational loss. In addition, PlGF secretion was up-regulated in isolated T lymphocytes (T-cell) upon CD3/CD28 stimulation, suggesting that PlGF could be a regulator of T-cell differentiation and development. T-cells are well known to play a critical role in obesity-induced inflammation. Therefore, to verify the possible link of diet-induced obesity (DIO) with inflammation and related metabolic disorders, such as insulin resistance, we fed high-fat diet (HFD) to Tg mice for 16 weeks. Adiposity and glucose intolerance significantly increase in Tg mice fed a HFD (Tg HFD) compared to wild-type (WT) mice fed HFD (WT HFD). In addition, macrophage infiltrations were significantly higher in the epididymal white adipose tissue (EWAT), liver, and pancreatic islets of Tg HFD mice compared to WT HFD mice. In the in vitro study, we showed that isolated CD4(+) T-cells from Tg mice further differentiate into type 1 (Th1) and type 17 (Th17) helper T-cells via CD3/CD28 stimulation. Furthermore, we observed that the pro-inflammatory cytokines IL-6, IL-17, and TNF alpha, are remarkably increased in Tg mice compared to WT mice. These findings demonstrate that PlGF overexpression in T-cells might lead to inflammatory T-cell differentiation and accumulation in adipose tissue (AT) or metabolism-related tissues, contributing to the development of systemic metabolic disorders. Thus, PlGF may provide an effective therapeutic target in the management of obesity-induced inflammation and related metabolic disorders.
The effect of androgen excess on maternal metabolism, placental function and fetal growth in obese dams$$$ Pregnant women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are often overweight or obese. To study the effects of maternal androgen excess in obese dams on metabolism, placental function and fetal growth, female C57Bl6J mice were fed a control (CD) or a high fat/high sucrose (HF/HS) diet for 4-10 weeks, and then mated. On gestational day (GD) 15.5-17.5, dams were injected with dihydrotestosterone (CD-DHT, HF/HS-DHT) or a vehicle (CD-Veh, HF/HS-Veh). HF/HS dams had higher fat content, both before mating and on GD18.5, with no difference in glucose homeostasis, whereas the insulin sensitivity was higher in DHT-exposed dams. Compared to the CD groups, the livers from HF/HS dams weighed more on GD18.5, the triglyceride content was higher, and there was a dysregulation of liver enzymes related to lipogenesis and higher mRNA expression of Fitm1. Fetuses from HF/HS-Veh dams had lower liver triglyceride content and mRNA expression of Srebf1c. Maternal DHT exposure, regardless of diet, decreased fetal liver Pparg mRNA expression and increased placental androgen receptor protein expression. Maternal diet-induced obesity, together with androgen excess, affects maternal and fetal liver function as demonstrated by increased triglyceride content and dysfunctional expression of enzymes and transcription factors involved in de novo lipogenesis and fat storage.
Association Between Polycystic Ovary Syndrome and Metabolic Syndrome$$$ Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine and metabolic disorder affecting women in reproductive age. Although the etiology of PCOS remains unclear, it is believed to result from genetic, environmental and behavioral interactions. Women with PCOS have higher lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease (CVR) than healthy women at the same age and tend to display insulin resistance (IR). IR has traditionally been defined as a decreased ability of insulin to mediate the metabolic actions on glucose uptake, glucose production, and/or lipolysis. This results in a requirement for increased amounts of insulin to achieve a given metabolic action. Metabolic syndrome (MS) includes hyperinsulinemia, dyslipidemia, increased CVR and hyperleptinemia and metabolic disorders such as hypertension, IR, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes mellitus, systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. The prevalence of MS in women is around 50 %. In addition, it has been recently suggested that women with MS show increased circulating androgens. The present review discusses the main alterations and features of PCOS and MS and the most important treatments.
Key Relevance of Epigenetic Programming of Adiponectin Gene in Pathogenesis of Metabolic Disorders$$$ Background & Objective: Significant health and social burdens have been created by the growth of metabolic disorders like type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), atherosclerosis, and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, worldwide. The number of the affected population is as yet rising, and it is assessed that until 2030, 4-5 million individuals will acquire diabetes. A blend of environmental, genetic, epigenetic, and other factors, such as diet, are accountable for the initiation and progression of metabolic disorders. Several researches have shown strong relevance of adiponectin gene and metabolic disorders. In this review, the potential influence of epigenetic mechanisms of adiponectin gene "ADIPOQ" on increasing the risk of developing metabolic disorders and their potential in treating this major disorder are discussed. Results & Conclusion: Various studies have postulated that a series of factors such as maternal High fat diet (HFD), oxidative stress, pro-inflammatory mediators, sleep fragmentation throughout lifetime, from gestation to old age, could accumulate epigenetic marks, including histone remodeling, DNA methylation, and microRNAs (miRNAs) that, in turn, alter the expression of ADIPOQ gene and result in hypoadiponectinemia which precipitates insulin resistance (IR) that in turn might induce or accelerate the onset and development of metabolic disorder. A better understanding of global patterns of epigenetic modifications and further their alterations in metabolic disorders will bestow better treatment strategies design.
The effects of stillbirth and abortion on the next pregnancy: a longitudinal study$$$ Background Abortion and stillbirths are the common obstetrics condition in Ethiopia and their effect on the next pregnancy was not well identified in resource limited settings. The aim of the study was to assess the effect of stillbirth and abortion on the next pregnancy. Methods A prospective cohort study design was implemented. The study was conducted in Mecha demographic surveillance and field research center catchment areas. The data were collected from January 2015 to March 2019. Epi-info software was used to calculate the sample size. The systematic random sampling technique was used to select stillbirth and abortion women. Poison regression was used to identify the predictors of MCH service utilization; descriptive statistics were used to identify the prevalence of blood borne pathogens. The Kaplan Meier survival curve was used to estimate survival to pregnancy and pregnancy related medical disorders. Results 1091 stillbirth and 3,026 abortion women were followed. Hepatitis B was present in 6% of abortion and 3.2% of stillbirth women. Hepatitis C was diagnosed in 4.7% of abortion and 0.3% of stillbirth women. HIV was detected in 3% of abortion and 0.8% of stillbirth women. MCH service utilization was determined by knowledge of contraceptives [IRR 1.29, 95% CI 1.18-1.42], tertiary education [IRR 4.29, 95% CI 3.72-4.96], secondary education. [IRR 3.14, 95% CI 2.73-3.61], married women [IRR 2.08, 95% CI 1.84-2.34], family size [IRR 0.67, 95% CI 1.001-1.01], the median time of pregnancy after stillbirth and abortion were 12 months. Ante-partum hemorrhage was observed in 23.1% of pregnant mothers with a past history of abortion cases and post-partum hemorrhage was observed in 25.6% of pregnant mothers with a past history of abortion. PREGNANCY INDUCED DIABETES MELLITUS was observed 14.3% of pregnant mothers with a past history of stillbirth and pregnancy-induced hypertension were observed in 9.2% of mothers with a past history of stillbirth. Conclusion Obstetric hemorrhage was the common complications of abortion women while Pregnancy-induced diabetic Mellitus and pregnancy-induced hypertension were the most common complications of stillbirth for the next pregnancy.
Developmental origins of NAFLD: a womb with a clue$$$ Changes in the maternal environment leading to an altered intrauterine milieu can result in subtle insults to the fetus, promoting increased lifetime disease risk and/or disease acceleration in childhood and later in life. Particularly worrisome is that the prevalence of NAFLD is rapidly increasing among children and adults, and is being diagnosed at increasingly younger ages, pointing towards an early-life origin. A wealth of evidence, in humans and non-human primates, suggests that maternal nutrition affects the placenta and fetal tissues, leading to persistent changes in hepatic metabolism, mitochondrial function, the intestinal microbiota, liver macrophage activation and susceptibility to NASH postnatally. Deleterious exposures in utero include fetal hypoxia, increased nutrient supply, inflammation and altered gut microbiota that might produce metabolic clues, including fatty acids, metabolites, endotoxins, bile acids and cytokines, which prime the infant liver for NAFLD in a persistent manner and increase susceptibility to NASH. Mechanistic links to early disease pathways might involve shifts in lipid metabolism, mitochondrial dysfunction, pioneering gut microorganisms, macrophage programming and epigenetic changes that alter the liver microenvironment, favouring liver injury. In this Review, we discuss how maternal, fetal, neonatal and infant exposures provide developmental clues and mechanisms to help explain NAFLD acceleration and increased disease prevalence. Mechanisms identified in clinical and preclinical models suggest important opportunities for prevention and intervention that could slow down the growing epidemic of NAFLD in the next generation.
THE FETOPLACENTAL GLUCOSE STEAL PHENOMENON IS A MAJOR CAUSE OF MATERNAL METABOLIC ADAPTATION DURING LATE PREGNANCY IN THE RAT$$$ The aim of this study was to determine the extent to which a feto-placental glucose steal phenomenon contributes to the process of maternal metabolic adaptation to late pregnancy. Glucose metabolism was studied in virgin control, pregnant rats and virgin rats with a phlorizin-induced model of the fete-placental glucose steal phenomenon. Whole body glucose kinetics and glucose uptake into individual tissues were measured in anaesthetised rats basally and during hyperinsulinaemic euglycaemic clamps. The basal glucose metabolism of the pregnant rats was closely mimicked by the phlorizin-treated rats. Basal plasma glucose was 39% and 38% lower (p < 0.0001 for both); hepatic glucose production was 21% and 26% higher (p < 0.05 for both); and plasma glucose clearance was 109% and 104% higher (p < 0.0001 for both) in the pregnant and phlorizin-treated rats, respectively, compared to the control rats. Basal glucose uptake into peripheral tissues was lower in both the pregnant and phlorizin-treated compared to the control rats, being most evident in heart (p < 0.01 for both) and brown adipose tissue (p < 0.001 for both). In the clamp studies, impairment of glucose uptake into skeletal muscle was observed in both the pregnant and phlorizin-treated rats compared to the control rats. In conclusion, the fete-placental glucose steal phenomenon is a major contributing factor to postabsorptive glucose metabolism in late pregnancy. This phenomenon also contributes to the impairment of maternal insulin-stimulated peripheral glucose uptake.
Maternal iron status in early pregnancy and childhood body fat measures and cardiometabolic risk factors: A population-based prospective cohort$$$ Background: Whether maternal iron status during pregnancy is associated with cardiometabolic health in the offspring is poorly known. Objectives: We aimed to assess the associations of maternal iron status during early pregnancy with body fat measures and cardiometabolic risk factors in children aged 10 y. Methods: In a population-based cohort study among 3718 mother-child pairs, we measured ferritin, transferrin, and transferrin saturation during early pregnancy. We obtained child BMI, fat mass index, and android/gynoid fat mass ratio by DXA, subcutaneous fat index, visceral fat index, pericardial fat index, and liver fat fraction by magnetic resonance imaging and assessed systolic and diastolic blood pressure, serum lipids, glucose, insulin, and CRP at 10 y. Results: A one-standard deviation score (SDS) higher maternal ferritin was associated with lower fat mass index [difference -0.05 (95% CI: -0.08, -0.02) SDS] and subcutaneous fat index [difference -0.06 (95% CI: -0.10, -0.02) SDS] in children. One-SDS higher maternal transferrin was associated with higher fat mass index [difference 0.04 (95% CI: 0.01, 0.07) SDS], android/gynoid fat mass ratio [difference 0.05 (95% CI: 0.02, 0.08) SDS], and subcutaneous fat index [difference 0.06 (95% CI: 0.02, 0.10) SDS] in children. Iron status during pregnancy was not consistently associated with organ fat and cardiometabolic risk factors at 10 y. Conclusions: Maternal lower ferritin and higher transferrin in early pregnancy are associated with body fat accumulation and distribution but are not associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in childhood. Underlying mechanisms and long-term consequences warrant further study.
Obesity, Diabetes, and Gut Microbiota The hygiene hypothesis expanded?$$$ The connection between gut microbiota and energy homeostasis and inflammation and its role in the pathogenesis of obesity-related disorders are increasingly recognized. Animals models of obesity connect an altered microbiota composition to Me development of obesity, insulin resistance, and diabetes in Me host through several mechanisms: increased energy harvest from the diet, altered fatty acid metabolism and composition in adipose tissue and liver, modulation of gut peptide YY and glucagon-like peptide (GLP)-1 secretion, activation of the lipopolysaccharide toll-like receptor-4 axis, and modulation of intestinal barrier integrity by GLP-2. Instrumental for gut microbiota manipulation is the understanding of mechanisms regulating gut microbiota composition. Several factors shape the gut microflora during infancy: mode of delivery, type of infant feeding, hospitalization, and prematurity. Furthermore, the key importance of antibiotic use and dietary nutrient composition are increasingly recognized The role of the Western diet in promoting art obesogenic gut microbiota is being confirmation in subjects. Following encouraging results in animals, several short-term randomized controlled trials showed the benefit of prebiotics and probiotics on insulin sensitivity, inflammatory markers, postprandial incretins, and glucose tolerance. Future research is needed to unravel the hormonal, immunomodulatory, and metabolic mechanisms underlying microbe-microbe and microbiota-host interactions and the specific genes that determine the health benefit derived from probiotics. While awaiting further randomized trials assessing long-term safety and benefits on clinical end points, a healthy lifestyle-including breast lactation, appropriate antibiotic use, and the avoidance of excessive dietary fat intake-may ensure a friendly gut microbiota and positively affect prevention and treatment of metabolic disorders. Diabetes Care 33:2277-2284, 2010
Expert Exchange Workgroup on Children Aged 5 and Younger with Severe Obesity: A Narrative Review of Medical and Genetic Risk Factors$$$ Severe obesity defined as an age- and gender-specific body mass index >= 120% of the 95th percentile in children younger than 5 years is well recognized as a significant challenge for prevention and treatment. This article provides an overview of the prevalence, classification of obesity severity, patterns of weight gain trajectory, medical and genetic risk factors, and comorbid disorders among young children with an emphasis on severe obesity. Studies suggest rapid weight gain trajectory in infancy, maternal smoking, maternal gestational diabetes, and genetic conditions are associated with an increased risk for severe obesity in early childhood. Among populations of young children with severe obesity seeking care, co-morbid conditions such as dyslipidemia and fatty liver disease are present and families report behavioral concerns and developmental delays. Children with severe obesity by age 5 represent a vulnerable population of children at high medical risk and need to be identified early and appropriately managed.
Maternal brown rice diet alleviates adverse effects of maternal obesity on offspring metabolism via enhancing DNA demethylation of AdipoR2$$$ The prevalence of maternal obesity is increasing at an alarming rate, with maternal insufficient circulating adiponectin being identified as a crucial link to offspring metabolic disorders. Nutritional interventions during pregnancy have shown promise in mitigating the negative impacts of maternal obesity on offspring health. It is recommended that pregnant women with chronic metabolic diseases increase their consumption of whole grains such as brown rice. However, the specific mechanism through which brown rice consumption by obese pregnant women improves metabolic homeostasis in their offspring remains unclear. Here, we investigated the effects of a brown rice diet during pregnancy on the metabolic homeostasis of offspring exposed to maternal obesity. We found that the systemic energy metabolism homeostasis and the risk of obesity induced by high-fat diet (HFD) in the offspring of obese mothers were altered by the maternal brown rice diet during pregnancy, including reducing systemic and hepatic lipid levels, improving insulin resistance, and protecting hepatic steatosis. Mechanistically, the maternal brown rice diet induced DNA methylation reprogramming in the livers of offspring mice, resulting in enhanced demethylation of the adiponectin receptor AdipoR2 and increased transcription of AdipoR2 mRNA. Adiponectin binding to AdipoR2, regulated hepatic lipid metabolism through AMPK alpha and PPAR alpha-mediated pathways, effectively ameliorating metabolic disorders in offspring of obese mothers. Our study provides novel insights into combating obesity risk and lays the groundwork for further exploration of the physiological benefits of whole grain brown rice.
Placental DNA methylation changes associated with maternal prepregnancy BMI and gestational weight gain$$$ Background Maternal obesity prior to or during pregnancy influences fetal growth, predisposing the offspring to increased risk for obesity across the life course. Placental epigenetic mechanisms may underlie these associations. We conducted an epigenome-wide association study to identify placental DNA methylation changes associated with maternal prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) and rate of gestational weight gain at first (GWG1), second (GWG2), and third trimester (GWG3). Method Participants of the NICHD Fetal Growth Studies with genome-wide placental DNA methylation (n = 301) and gene expression (n = 75) data were included. Multivariable-adjusted regression models were used to test the associations of 1 kg/m(2) increase in prepregnancy BMI or 1 kg/week increase in GWG with DNA methylation levels. Genes harboring top differentially methylated CpGs (FDR P < 0.05) were evaluated for placental gene expression. We assessed whether DNA methylation sites known to be associated with BMI in child or adult tissues, were also associated with maternal prepregnancy BMI in placenta. Results Prepregnancy BMI was associated with DNA methylation at cg14568196[EGFL7], cg15339142[VETZ], and cg02301019[] (FDR P < 0.05, P ranging from 1.4 x 10(-10) to 1.7 x 10(-9)). GWG1 or GWG2 was associated with DNA methylation at cg17918270[MYT1L], cg20735365[DLX5], and cg17451688[SLC35F3] (FDR P < 0.05, P ranging from 6.4 x 10(-10) to 1.2 x 10(-8)). Both prepregnancy BMI and DNA methylation at cg1456819 [EGFL7] were negatively correlated with EGFL7 expression in placenta (P < 0.05). Several CpGs previously implicated in obesity traits in children and adults were associated with prepregnancy BMI in placenta. Functional annotations revealed that EGFL7 is highly expressed in placenta and the differentially methylated CpG sites near EGFL7 and VEZT were cis-meQTL targets in blood. Conclusions We identified placental DNA methylation changes at novel loci associated with prepregnancy BMI and GWG. The overlap between CpGs associated with obesity traits in placenta and other tissues in children and adults suggests that epigenetic mechanisms in placenta may give insights to early origins of obesity.
Maternal high-fat diet is associated with altered pancreatic remodelling in mice offspring$$$ To investigate whether a maternal high-fat diet (HF) during pregnancy and/or suckling periods predisposes adult C57BL/6 mice offspring to morphological pancreatic modifications. Male pups were divided into 5 groups: SC (standard chow)-from dams fed SC during gestation and lactation, maintaining an SC diet from postweaning to adulthood; G-from dams fed HF diets during gestation; L-from dams fed HF diets during lactation; GL-from dams fed HF diets during gestation and lactation; and GL/HF-from dams fed HF diets during gestation and lactation, maintaining an HF diet from postweaning to adulthood. We analysed body mass (BM), plasma insulin, pancreas and adipose tissue structures. During the entire experiment, the SC group had the lowest BM. However, GL/HF offspring were heavier than the other groups. This weight gain was also accompanied by adipocyte hypertrophy. At 3 months, G offspring showed an increased insulin levels and impairment in carbohydrates metabolism. Furthermore, pancreatic islets were hypertrophied in G, GL and GL/HF offspring in comparison with SC offspring. HF diet administration during the gestation period is more harmful than during the lactation period, exerting deleterious effects on pancreatic morphology in addition to larger fat deposits in adult mice offspring.
Saturated fat supplementation interacts with dietary forage neutral detergent fiber content during the immediate postpartum period in Holstein cows: Energy balance and metabolism$$$ Forty-eight multiparous cows were used in a randomized complete block design experiment with a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement of treatments to determine the interaction between a highly saturated free FA supplement (SFFA) and dietary forage NDF (fNDF) content on energy balance and metabolic responses in postpartum cows. Treatment diets were offered from 1 to 29 d postpartum and contained 20 or 26% fNDF and 0 or 2% SFFA (Energy Booster 100; 96.1% FA: 46.2% C18:0, and 37.0% C16:0). Overall, low fNDF versus high fNDF and 2% SFFA versus 0% SFFA increased digestible energy intake (DEI; 67.5 vs. 62.2 Mcal/d and 68.1 vs. 61.6 Mcal/d, respectively). The low fNDF diet with SFFA increased energy balance compared with the other treatments early during the treatment period, but treatment differences diminished over time. Overall, low fNDF versus high fNDF diets and 2% SFFA versus 0% SFFA improved energy balance ( 13.0 vs. 16.3 Mcal/d and 12.0 vs. -17.3, respectively) decreasing efficiency of utilization of DEI for milk (milk NEL/DEI; 0.575 vs. 0.634 and 0.565 vs. 0.643). Low fNDF diets increased plasma insulin (308 vs. 137 mu g/mL) and glucose concentrations (50.5 vs. 45.7 mg/dL) and decreased plasma nonesterified FA (606 vs. 917 mu Eq/L) and beta-hydroxybutyrate (9.29 vs. 16.5 mg/dL) concentrations and liver triglyceride content. Compared with 0% SFFA, 2% SFFA decreased plasma nonesterified FA concentration during the first week postpartum (706 vs. 943 mu Eq/L) and tended to decrease plasma nonesterified FA overall throughout the treatment period, but did not affect liver triglyceride content. During a glucose tolerance test, 2% SFFA increased plasma insulin concentration more in the low fNDF diet (84.5 vs. 44.6 mu IU/mL) than in the high fNDF diet (40.4 vs. 38.0 mu IU/mL). After glucose infusion, 2% SFFA increased insulin area under the curve by 64% when included in the low fNDF diet, but only by 5.2% when included in the high fNDF diet. Even though 2% SFFA did not affect weekly plasma insulin concentration, it increased plasma insulin baseline concentration before the tolerance tests. Supplementation of 2% SFFA and low fNDF diets increased DEI and improved energy balance, but decreased apparent efficiency of utilization of DEI for milk production. Fat supplementation affected energy partitioning, increasing energy balance and decreasing body condition score loss, especially in the lower fNDF diet. The decrease in body condition score loss observed was likely related to an increase in plasma insulin concentration. Feeding SFFA in a low fNDF diet during the first 29 d postpartum might have primed the cows to limit fat mobilization at the expense of milk.
Englitazone administration to late pregnant rats produces delayed body growth and insulin resistance in their fetuses and neonates$$$ The level of maternal circulating triacylglycerols during late pregnancy has been correlated with the mass of newborns. PPAR gamma (peroxisome-proliferator-activated receptor gamma) ligands, such as TZDs (thiazolidinediones), have been shown to reduce triacyl-glycerolaemia and have also been implicated in the inhibition of tissue growth and the promotion of cell differentiation. Therefore TZDs might control cell proliferation during late fetal development and, by extension, body mass of pups. To investigate the response to EZ (englitazone), a TZD, on perinatal development, 0 or 50 mg of englitazone/kg of body mass was given as an oral dose to pregnant rats daily from day 16 of gestation until either day 20 for the study of their fetuses, or until day 21 of gestation for the study of neonates. EZ decreased maternal triacylglycerol levels at day 20 of gestation and neonatal mass, but not fetal mass. Fetuses and neonates from EZ-treated mothers exhibited high levels of insulin and were found to be hyperglycaemic. The apparent insulin-resistant state in neonates from EZ-treated pregnant rats was corroborated, since they showed higher plasma NEFA [non-esterified ('free') fatty acid] levels, ketonaemia and liver LPL (lipoprotein lipase) activity and lower plasma IGF-I (type I insulin-like growth factor) levels, in comparison with those from control mothers. Moreover, at the molecular level, an increase in Akt phosphorylation was found in the liver of neonates from EZ-treated mothers, which confirms that the insulin pathway was negatively affected. Thus the response of fetuses and neonates to maternal antidiabetic drug treatment is the opposite of what would be expected, and can be justified by the scarce amount of adipose tissue impeding a normal response to PPAR gamma ligands and by hyperinsulinaemia as being responsible for a major insulin-resistant condition.
The high-fructose intake of dams during pregnancy and lactation exerts sex-specific effects on adult rat offspring metabolism$$$ Experimental studies have demonstrated the effects of maternal fructose consumption during pregnancy and lactation on metabolic alterations in their offspring, especially male offspring. However, few studies have focused on female offspring after providing fructose in food to dam rats. Here, we studied whether offspring of both sexes were differentially affected by a maternal high-fructose diet (HFD). For this purpose, Sprague-Dawley rats were fed during pregnancy and lactation with a standard diet (SD) or a HFD (50% w/w). After weaning, offspring were fed an SD; 3 days later, dams were sacrificed, and their offspring were sacrificed on postnatal day 90. Body weight (BW), food and water intake (only for dams), and various biomarkers of metabolic syndrome were measured. When compared to the SD-fed dams, HFD-fed dams had a reduction in BW and food and water intake. Conversely, adiposity, liver weight, liver lipids, and plasma levels of glucose, insulin, cholesterol, triglycerides, and uric acid were increased in HFD-fed dams. Moreover, the BW, food consumption, weight of retroperitoneal fat pads, and liver lipids increased in female and male offspring of HFD-fed dams. Interestingly, the pups of HFD-fed mothers showed increased levels of leptin and insulin resistance and decreased levels of adiponectin which were more pronounced in male offspring than in female offspring. In contrast, a higher increase in BW was shown earlier in female offspring. Thus, high-fructose consumption by dams during pregnancy and lactation led to sex-specific developmental programming of the metabolic syndrome phenotype in adult offspring.
Gut microbiota mediates the alleviative effect of polar lipids-enriched milk fat globule membrane on obesity-induced glucose metabolism disorders in peripheral tissues in rat dams$$$ Background Obesity during pregnancy and lactation not only increases the incidence of metabolic disorders and gestational diabetes in mothers, but also programs adiposity and related metabolic diseases in offspring. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of milk polar lipids on gut microbiota and glucose metabolism in high-fat diet (HFD)-fed rat dams. Methods Sprague Dawley (SD) female rats were fed a HFD for 8 weeks to induce obesity, followed by HFD with or without oral administration of polar lipids-enriched milk fat globule membrane (MFGM-PL) at 400 mg/kg BW during pregnancy and lactation. At the end of lactation, fresh fecal samples of dams were collected, the gut microbiota was assessed, and the insulin-signaling protein expression in peripheral tissues (adipose tissue, liver and skeletal muscle) were measured. Results MFGM-PL supplementation attenuated body weight gain, ameliorated serum lipid profiles and improved insulin sensitivity in obese dams at the end of lactation. 16 S rDNA sequencing revealed that MFGM-PL increased the community richness and diversity of gut microbiota. The composition of gut microbiota was also changed after MFGM-PL supplementation as shown by an increase in the ratio of Bacteroidetes/Firmicutes and the relative abundance of Akkermansia, as well as a decrease in the relative abundance of Ruminococcaceae. The functional prediction of microbial communities by PICRUSt analysis showed that there were 7 KEGG pathways related to carbohydrate metabolism changed after MFGM-PL supplementation to HFD dams, including glycolysis/gluconeogenesis and insulin signaling pathway. Furthermore, MFGM-PL improved insulin signaling in the peripheral tissues including liver, adipose tissue and skeletal muscle. Conclusions MFGM-PL supplementation during pregnancy and lactation improves the glucose metabolism disorders in HFD-induced obese dams, which may be linked to the regulation of gut microbiota induced by MFGM-PL.
Effects of recombinant bovine interleukin-8 (rblL-8) treatment on health, metabolism, and lactation performance in Holstein cattle IV: Insulin resistance, dry matter intake, and blood parameters$$$ We have shown in 2 independent studies that cows who received recombinant bovine interleukin-8 (rbIL-8) administered intrauterinely shortly after parturition have a significant and long-lasting increase in milk yield. In the present study, we hypothesized that the increased milk production associated with rbIL-8 treatment is a consequence of increased postpartum dry matter intake (DMI) and orchestrated homeorhetic changes that prioritize milk production. Cows were enrolled into 1 of 3 treatment groups: those assigned to the control group (CTR; n = 70) received an intrauterine (IU) administration of 500 mL of Dulbecco's phosphate-buffered saline (DPBS) solution and 1 mL of DPBS solution intravenously (IV; jugular vein), those assigned to the rbIL-8 IV group (rbIL8-IV, n = 70) received an IV injection of 167 mu g of rbIL-8 and 500 mL of DPBS solution IU, and cows assigned to the rbIL-8 IU group (rbIL8-IU, n = 70) received an IU administration with 1,195 mu g of rbIL-8 diluted in 499.5 mL of DPBS solution and 1 mL of DPBS solution IV. Animals were housed in a tiestall from calving to 30 d in milk (DIM) to measure DMI. Blood samples were collected daily from calving to 7 DIM and weekly until 28 DIM. Insulin resistance was evaluated using an intravenous glucose tolerance test and intravenous insulin challenge test (IVICT) in a subgroup of cows (n = 20/treatment) at 10 and 11 DIM, respectively. Additionally, liver biopsy samples were taken at 14 DIM from the same subgroup of cows to measure triglyceride levels and cell proliferation and apoptosis. Cows treated with tit rbIL8-IU produced more milk (CTR = 36.9 +/- 1 .5): rbIL8-IU = 38.5 +/- 1.5; rbIL-8 IV = 36.6 +/- 1.5 kg/d), energy-corrected milk (CTR = 42.9 +/- 0.9; rbIL8-IU = 46.1 +/- 0.8; rbIL8-IV = 43.7 +/- 0.9 kg/d), and fat-corrected milk (CTR = 44.3 +/- 0.9; rbIL8-IU = 47.8 +/- 0.9; rbIL8-IV = 45.2 +/- 0.9 kg/d) yields when compared with CTR cows, and no differences were observed between rbIL8-IV and CTR cows. The administration of rbIL8-IU significantly increased DMI compared with CTR (CTR = 18.8 +/- 0.3; rbIL8-IU = 19.9 +/- 0.3; rbIL8-IV = 19.3 +/- 0.3 kg/d). Recombinant bIL-8 treatment did not affect glucose, insulin, or fatty acids (i.e., IVICT only) concentrations or their area under the curve in response to an intravenous glucose tolerance test and IVICT when compared with CTR. Moreover, rbIL-8 treatment administered IU or IV increased liver triglyceride levels. Additionally, cows treated with rbIL8-IU tended to have lower odds of developing hyperketonemia (odds ratio = 0.46, 95% confidence interval: 0.19 to 1.10), lower odds of clinical ketosis and displaced abomasum combined (odds ratio = 0.17, 95% confidence interval: 0.03 to 0.89), and lower odds of diseases combined (odds ratio = 0.43, 95% confidence interval: 0.21 to 0.86) when compared with CTR. We conclude that the administration of rbIL8-IU increases DMI, milk production, fat-corrected milk, and energy-corrected milk while improving overall health during the postpartum period. This study supports the use of rbIL-8 administered IU shortly after calving to improve health and production responses in lactating cows.
Increased hepatic gluconeogenesis and decreased glucose uptake, and increased hepatic <i>de novo</i> lipogenesis in rat model of maternal diabetes$$$ In pregnancies complicated by diabetes, hyperglycemia and lipid metabolism alterations are associated with both maternal and fetal complications. However the mechanism of metabolic alterations in mothers that contribute to hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia is not fully understood. In the present study we investigated the mechanisms underlying hyperglycemia and hypertriglyceridemia in gestational diabetes using a rat model. Diabetes was induced in virgin rats by the administration of 50 mg Streptozotocin (STZ) i.p. After the STZ injection, the animals were mated. On the 19th day of pregnancy all the rats were laparotomised after withdrawal of blood by cardiac puncture. Blood was used for the determination of insulin, glucose, cholesterol. Liver and pancreas were removed and used for biochemical assays and light microscopy. Plasma glucose, cholesterol and insulin were significantly higher in the diabetic rats as compared with control. The mRNA expressions of the rate limiting gluconeogenic enzymes PEPCK and Glucose 6 phosphatase and de novo lipogenic enzymes acetyl CoA carboxylase and fatty acid synthase were higher in the livers of diabetic rats. The protein level and activity of GK was decreased in the livers of diabetic rats. The results of the present study suggest that hyperglycemia observed in diabetic pregnant rats may be due to increased gluconeogenesis, increased glucose output and decreased glucose uptake by the liver. Hyperlipidemia may be due to increased de novo lipid synthesis in the liver.
Plant Sterols and Stanols for Pediatric Patients with Increased Cardiovascular Risk$$$ The atherosclerotic process begins in childhood and progresses throughout adult age. Hypercholesterolemia, especially familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) and metabolic dysfunctions linked to weight excess and obesity, are the main atherosclerosis risk factors in pediatric patients and can be detected and treated starting from childhood. Nutritional intervention and a healthy-heart lifestyle are cornerstones and first-line treatments, with which, if necessary, drug therapy should be associated. For several years, functional foods enriched with plant sterols and stanols have been studied in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia, mainly as nutritional complements that can reduce LDL cholesterol; however, there is a lack of randomized controlled trials defining their long-term efficacy and safety, especially in pediatric age. This review aims to evaluate what the main published studies on sterols and stanols in pediatric subjects with dyslipidemia have taught us, providing an updated picture of the possible use of these dietary supplements in children and adolescents with dyslipidemia and increased cardiovascular risk. Nowadays, we can state that plant sterols and stanols should be considered as a valuable therapy in pediatric patients with hypercholesterolemia, bearing in mind that nutritional and lifestyle counseling and, when necessary, pharmacologic therapy, are the cornerstones of the treatment in developmental age.
The effect of maternal dietary fat content and <i>n</i>-6:<i>n</i>-3 ratio on offspring growth and hepatic gene expression in the rat$$$ n-6 Fatty acids have been shown to exert pro-adipogenic effects, whereas n-3 fatty acids work in opposition. Increasing intakes of linoleic acid (LA; n-6) v. alpha-linolenic acid (ALA; n-3) in Western diets has led to the hypothesis that consumption of this diet during pregnancy may be contributing to adverse offspring health. This study investigated the effects of feeding a maternal dietary LA:ALA ratio similar to that of the Western diet (9:1) compared with a proposed 'ideal' ratio (about 1:1 center dot 5), at two total fat levels (18 v. 36 % fat, w/w), on growth and lipogenic gene expression in the offspring. Female Wistar rats were assigned to one of the four experimental groups throughout gestation and lactation. Offspring were culled at 1 and 2 weeks of age for sample collection. Offspring of dams consuming a 36 % fat diet were approximately 20 % lighter than those exposed to an 18 % fat diet (P < 0 center dot 001). Male, but not female, liver weight at 1 week was approximately 13 % heavier and had increased glycogen (P < 0 center dot 05), in offspring exposed to high LA (P < 0 center dot 01). Hepatic expression of lipogenic genes suggested an increase in lipogenesis in male offspring exposed to a 36 % fat maternal diet and in female offspring exposed to a low-LA diet, via increases in the expression of fatty acid synthase and sterol regulatory element-binding protein. Sexually dimorphic responses to altered maternal diet appeared to persist until 2 weeks of age. In conclusion, whilst maternal total fat content predominantly affected offspring growth, fatty acid ratio and total fat content had sexually dimorphic effects on offspring liver weight and composition.
Intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure results in intergenerational inheritance via DNA methylation reprogramming on F1 PGCs$$$ Background: The existing reports about intergenerational or transgenerational effects of intrauterine hyperglycemia have included both intrauterine and postnatal metabolic exposure factors, while the impact of intrauterine hyperglycemia per se has not been assessed alone. A number of studies suggest DNA methylation reprogramming of gametes plays a crucial role in the metabolic inheritance, but it is unclear when and how DNA methylation patterns are altered when exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia. In this study, we selected nondiabetic F1-and F2-gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) male mice as founders to examine metabolic changes in the next generation and performed methylome sequencing of day 13.5 primordial germ cells (PGCs) from F1-GDM to explore the underlying epigenetic mechanism. Results: We found that intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure resulted in obesity, insulin resistance, and/or glucose intolerance in F2 male mice, but no metabolic changes in F3 male mice at 8 weeks. Using reduced representation bisulfite sequencing, we found DNA methylome of day 13.5 PGCs from F1-GDM fetuses revealed differently methylated genes enriched in obesity and diabetes. Methylation validation of the insulin resistance and fat accumulation gene Fyn showed a consistent hypomethylation status in F1 PGCs, F1 fetal testes, sperm from F1/C-GDM mice, and somatic cells from F2-GDM male mice. In contrast, no methylation alteration was observed in F2-GDM male germ cells and F3-GDM somatic cells. Conclusion: We provide evidence that intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure per se contributes to intergenerational metabolic changes in the F2 but not F3 generation. And the aberrant DNA methylation reprogramming occurs as early as day 13.5 in PGCs of the F1 generation. Our findings suggest that intrauterine exposure alone is sufficient to cause the epigenetic inheritance in F2 offspring, and the epigenetic memory carried by DNA methylation pattern could be erased by the second wave of methylation reprogramming in F2 PGCs during fetal development.
Impact of High-Fat Diet and Obesity on Energy Balance and Fuel Utilization During the Metabolic Challenge of Lactation$$$ The effects of obesity and a high-fat (HF) diet on whole body and tissue-specific metabolism of lactating dams and their offspring were examined in C57/B6 mice. Female mice were fed low-fat (LF) or HF diets before and throughout pregnancy and lactation. HF-fed mice were segregated into lean (HF-Ln) and obese (HF-Ob) groups before pregnancy by their weight gain response. Compared to LF-Ln dams, HF-Ln, and HF-Ob dams exhibited a greater positive energy balance (EB) and increased dietary fat retention in peripheral tissues (P < 0.05). HF-Ob dams had greater dietary fat retention in liver and adipose compared to HF-Ln dams (P < 0.05). De novo synthesized fat was decreased in tissues and milk from HF-fed dams compared to LF-Ln dams (P < 0.05). However, less dietary and de novo synthesized fat was found in the HF-Ob mammary glands compared to HF-Ln (P < 0.05). Obesity was associated with reduced milk triglycerides relative to lean controls (P < 0.05). Compared to HF diet alone obesity has additional adverse affects, impairing both lipid metabolism as well as milk fat production. Growth rates of LF-Ln litters were lower than HF-Ln and HF-Ob litters (P < 0.05). Total energy expenditure (TEE) of HF-Ob litters was reduced relative to HF-Ln litters, whereas their respiratory exchange ratios (RERs) were increased (P < 0.05). Collectively these data show that consumption of a HF diet significantly affects maternal and neonatal metabolism and that maternal obesity can independently alter these responses.
Long-term effects of gestational diabetes on offspring health are more pronounced in skeletal growth than body composition and glucose tolerance$$$ Infants of diabetic mothers may have low arachidonic acid (AA) and develop obesity and insulin resistance in adulthood. The present study tested the effect of maternal diabetes and AA supplementation on offspring body composition, bone mass and glucose tolerance from 4 to 12 weeks. Rat dams were randomised into six groups using a 3 x 2 design. The rat dams were treated using the following treatments: saline-placebo, streptozotocin-induced diabetes (STZ) with glucose controlled at <13 mmol/l (STZ/GC) or poorly controlled at 13-20 mmol/l (STZ/PC) using insulin, and fed either a control or an AA (0.5% of fat) diet throughout reproduction. Weaned offspring were fed regular chow. Measurements included offspring body composition, bone and oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT) plus liver fatty acids of dam and offspring. Comparable to saline-placebo offspring, the STZ/GC offspring had greater (P<0.03) whole body and regional bone area than STZ/PC offspring. Maternal glucose negatively correlated (P<0.05) with offspring whole body bone area and mineral content at 4 weeks in all offspring, and with tibia area in males at 12 weeks. Maternal liver DHA negatively (P<0.03) correlated with femur and tibia mineral content and tibia mineral density of female offspring at 12 weeks. Offspring from AA-supplemented dams had higher (P=0.004) liver AA at 4 weeks. Liver AA at 4 weeks positively (P=0.05) correlated with lumbar spine mineral density in males. OGTT was not affected by maternal treatment or diet. These results suggest that maternal glucose control has long-term consequences to bone health of adult offspring. Skeletal growth appears more sensitive to maternal hyperglycaemia than glucose tolerance.
Maternal dietary ratio of linoleic acid to alpha-linolenic acid during pregnancy has sex-specific effects on placental and fetal weights in the rat$$$ BackgroundIncreased consumption of linoleic acid (LA, omega-6) in Western diets coupled with the pro-inflammatory and adipogenic properties of its derivatives has led to suggestions that fetal exposure to this dietary pattern could be contributing to the intergenerational cycle of obesity.MethodThis study aimed to evaluate the effects of maternal consumption of a LA to alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) ratio similar to modern Western diets (9:1) compared to a lower ratio (1:1.5) on placental and fetal growth, and to determine any cumulative effects by feeding both diets at two total fat levels (18% vs 36% fat w/w). Female Wistar rats (n=5-7/group) were assigned to one of the four experimental diets prior to mating until 20d of gestation.ResultsFatty acid profiles of maternal and fetal blood and placental tissue at 20d gestation were different between dietary groups, and largely reflected dietary fatty acid composition. Female fetuses were heavier (2.980.06g vs 3.36 +/- 0.07g, P<0.01) and male placental weight was increased (0.51 +/- 0.02g vs 0.58 +/- 0.02g, P<0.05) in the low LA:ALA groups. Female fetuses of dams exposed to a 36% fat diet had a reduced relative liver weight irrespective of LA:ALA ratio (7.61 +/- 0.22% vs 6.93 +/- 0.19%, P<0.05). These effects occurred in the absence of any effect of the dietary treatments on maternal bodyweight, fat deposition or expression of key lipogenic genes in maternal and fetal liver or maternal adipose tissue.Conclusion These findings suggest that both the total fat content as well as the LA:ALA ratio of the maternal diet have sex-specific implications for the growth of the developing fetus.
A long-term maternal diet transition from high-fat diet to normal fat diet during pre-pregnancy avoids adipose tissue inflammation in next generation$$$ Recent studies have suggested that maternal high-fat (HF) diet caused inflammation changes in adipose tissue; however, it remains unclear if maternal diet intervention before pregnancy rescues such effects in offspring. To address this question, female mice were continued on a normal-fat (NF group), or a HF diet (HF group) or transitioned from a HF diet to a NF diet at 1 (H1N group), 5 (H5N group) or 9 weeks (H9N group) prior to pregnancy. Among the three intervention groups, the H9N offspring displayed less and steady body weight gain, and maintained glucose tolerance, whereas the H1N and H5N offspring showed exacerbate these phenotypes. The H1N and H5N, but not the H9N offspring, displayed adipocyte hypertrophy associated with increased expression of genes involved in fat deposition. The H1N and H5N, but not the H9N adipose tissue, displayed increased macrophage infiltration with enhanced expression of inflammatory cytokine genes. In addition, overactivation of the NF-kappa B and the JNK signaling were observed in the H1N adipose tissue. Overall, our study showed that a long-term but not a short- or medium-term diet intervention before pregnancy released offspring adipose tissue inflammation induced by maternal HF diet, which adds details in our understanding how the maternal environment either promotes or discourages onset of disease in offspring. Clinically, this study is of great value for providing evidence in the design of clinical trials to evaluate the urgently required intervention strategies to minimize the intergenerational cycle of obesity.
Cellular and molecular mechanisms of metformin: an overview$$$ Considerable efforts have been made since the 1950s to better understand the cellular and molecular mechanisms of action of metformin, a potent antihyperglycaemic agent now recommended as the first-line oral therapy for T2D (Type 2 diabetes). The main effect of this drug from the biguanide family is to acutely decrease hepatic glucose production, mostly through a mild and transient inhibition of the mitochondrial respiratory chain complex I. In addition, the resulting decrease in hepatic energy status activates AMPK (AMP-activated protein kinase), a cellular metabolic sensor, providing a generally accepted mechanism for the action of metformin on hepatic gluconeogenesis. The demonstration that respiratory chain complex!, but not AMPK, is the primary target of metformin was recently strengthened by showing that the metabolic effect of the drug is preserved in liver-specific AMPK-deficient mice. Beyond its effect on glucose metabolism, metformin has been reported to restore ovarian function in PCOS (polycystic ovary syndrome), reduce fatty liver, and to lower microvascular and macrovascular complications associated with T2D. Its use has also recently been suggested as an adjuvant treatment for cancer or gestational diabetes and for the prevention in pre-diabetic populations. These emerging new therapeutic areas for metformin will be reviewed together with recent findings from pharmacogenetic studies linking genetic variations to drug response, a promising new step towards personalized medicine in the treatment of T2D.
Macrophage migration inhibitory factor deficiency leads to age-dependent impairment of glucose homeostasis in mice$$$ Macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) is a proinflammatory cytokine produced by many cells and tissues including pancreatic beta-cells, liver, skeletal muscle, and adipocytes. This study investigates the potential role of MIF in carbohydrate homeostasis in a physiological setting outside of severe inflammation, utilizing Mifknockout (MIF-/-) mice. Compared with wild-type (WT) mice, MIF-/- mice had a lower body weight, from birth until 4 months of age, but subsequently gained weight faster, resulting in a higher body weight at 12 months of age. The lower weight in young mice was related to a higher energy expenditure, and the higher weight in older mice was related to an increased food intake and a higher fat mass. Fasting blood insulin level was higher in MIF-/- mice compared with WT mice at any age. After i.p. glucose injection, the elevation of blood insulin level was higher in MIF-/- mice compared with WT mice, at 2 months of age, but was lower in 12-month-old MIF-/- mice. As a result, the glucose clearance during intraperitoneal glucose tolerance tests was higher in MIF-/- mice compared with WT mice until 4 months of age, and was lower in 12-month-old MIF-/- mice. Insulin resistance was estimated (euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp tests), and the phosphorylation activity of AKT was similar in MIF-/- mice and WT mice. In conclusion, this mouse model provides evidence for the role of MIF in the control of glucose homeostasis. Journal of Endocrinology (2010) 206, 297-306
Effects of genetics and <i>in utero</i> diet on murine pancreatic development$$$ Intrauterine (IU) malnutrition could alter pancreatic development. In this study, we describe the effects of high-fat diet (HFD) during pregnancy on fetal growth and pancreatic morphology in an 'at risk' animal model of metabolic disease, the glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) heterozygous mouse (G4+/-). WT female mice mated with G4+/- males were fed HFD or control diet (CD) for 2 weeks before mating and throughout pregnancy. At embryonic day 18.5, fetuses were killed and pancreata isolated for analysis of morphology and expression of genes involved in insulin (INS) cell development, proliferation, apoptosis, glucose transport and function. Compared with WT CD, WT HFD fetal pancreata had a 2.4-fold increase in the number of glucagon (GLU) cells (P = 0.023). HFD also increased GLU cell size by 18% in WT pancreata compared with WT CD. Compared with WT CD, G4+/- CD had an increased number of INS cells and decreased INS and GLU cell size. Compared with G4+/- CD, G4+/- HFD fetuses had increased pancreatic gene expression of Igf2, a mitogen and inhibitor of apoptosis. The expression of genes involved in proliferation, apoptosis, glucose transport, and INS secretion was not altered in WT HFD compared with G4+/- HFD pancreata. In contrast to WT HFD pancreata, HFD exposure did not alter pancreatic islet morphology in fetuses with GLUT4 haploinsufficiency; this may be mediated in part by increased Igf2 expression. Thus, interactions between IU diet and fetal genetics may play a critical role in the developmental origins of health and disease.
Transient diabetes insipidus with severe maternal and fetal hypernatremia$$$ Diabetes insipidus is a condition characterised by polyuria and polydipsia with excretion of diluted urine. Transient diabetes insipidus has been reported in pregnancy and is often associated with acute fatty liver of pregnancy, pre-eclampsia, HELLP syndrome and multiple pregnancy. Presenting symptoms can be vague. In our case, a primigravida with spontaneous monochorionic diamniotic twin pregnancy presented at 36+3 weeks in early labour. Severe hypernatremia was found in the patient and in both twins after a caesarean section was performed. Transient diabetes insipidus was diagnosed based on paired serum and urine osmolality. The hypernatremia was corrected gradually and 1-deamino-8D-arginine vasopressin was given. A high index of suspicion and early involvement of physicians and paediatricians are needed to avoid catastrophic consequences.
Maternal Magnesium Deficiency in Mice Leads to Maternal Metabolic Dysfunction and Altered Lipid Metabolism with Fetal Growth Restriction$$$ Inadequate magnesium (Mg) intake is a widespread problem, with over 50% of women of reproductive age consuming less than the Recommended Dietary Allowance (RDA). Because pregnancy increases the requirement for Mg and the beneficial effects of magnesium sulfate for preeclampsia/eclampsia and fetal neuroprotection are well described, we examined the outcomes of Mg deficiency during pregnancy. Briefly, pregnant Swiss Webster mice were fed either control or Mg-deficient diets starting on gestational day (GD) 6 through euthanasia on GD17. Mg-deficient dams had significantly reduced weight gain and higher plasma adipokines, in the absence of inflammation. Livers of Mg-deficient dams had significantly higher saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) and lower polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), including docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (P < 0.0001) and arachidonic acid (AA) (P < 0.0001). Mechanistically, Mg deficiency was accompanied by enhanced desaturase and elongase mRNA expression in maternal livers along with higher circulating insulin and glucose concentrations (P < 0.05) and increased mRNA expression of Srebf1 and Chrebp, regulators of fatty acid synthesis (P < 0.05). Fetal pups exposed to Mg deficiency were growth-restricted and exhibited reduced survival. Mg-deficient fetal livers showed lower MUFAs and higher PUFAs, with lower desaturase and elongase mRNA expression than controls. In addition, DHA concentrations were lower in Mg-deficient fetal brains (P < 0.05). These results indicate that Mg deficiency during pregnancy influences both maternal and fetal fatty acid metabolism, fetal growth and fetal survival, and support better understanding maternal Mg status before and during pregnancy.
Oral leptin supplementation throughout lactation in rats prevents later metabolic alterations caused by gestational calorie restriction$$$ OBJECTIVES: Calorie-restriction during gestation in rats has been seen to produce lasting detrimental effects in the offspring, affecting energy balance control and other related metabolic functions. Our aim was to assess whether leptin supplementation throughout lactation may prevent the dysmetabolic phenotype in adulthood associated with gestational calorie restriction. METHODS: Three groups of male Wistar rats were followed: the offspring of ad libitum fed dams (controls); the offspring of 20% calorie-restricted dams during gestation (CR); and CR rats supplemented with physiological doses of leptin throughout lactation (CR-Leptin). Pups were weaned with a standard diet (SD) until 4 months of age, and then half of the animals of each group were moved to a Western diet (WD) until 6 months of age. Body weight and food intake were recorded. Energy expenditure, locomotive activity, blood parameters, liver triglycerides (TG), and gene expression and specific proteins in liver and white adipose tissue (WAT) were measured in adulthood. RESULTS: Adult CR rats, but not CR-Leptin rats, displayed greater adiposity index and feed efficiency (both under SD) than controls, along with lower locomotive activity and energy expenditure, higher HOMA-IR index and greater circulating TG and leptin levels. CR animals also exhibited increased values of the respiratory exchange ratio and more severe signs of hepatic steatosis under WD than CR-Leptin animals. Gene expression analysis revealed that CR, but not CR-Leptin, animals displayed indicators of lower capacity for WAT expansion, along with decreased lipogenesis and lipolytic capacity under SD, and impaired lipogenic response of the liver to WD feeding, in accordance with diminished insulin sensitivity and WAT leptin signaling. CONCLUSIONS: Oral leptin supplementation in physiological doses throughout lactation in rats prevents most of the detrimental effects on energy homeostasis and metabolic alterations in adulthood caused by inadequate fetal nutrition.
Dietary Alleviation of Maternal Obesity and Diabetes: Increased Resistance to Diet-Induced Obesity Transcriptional and Epigenetic Signatures$$$ According to the developmental origins of health and diseases (DOHaD), and in line with the findings of many studies, obesity during pregnancy is clearly a threat to the health and well-being of the offspring, later in adulthood. We previously showed that 20% of male and female inbred mice can cope with the obesogenic effects of a high-fat diet (HFD) for 20 weeks after weaning, remaining lean. However the feeding of a control diet (CD) to DIO mice during the periconceptional/gestation/lactation period led to a pronounced sex-specific shift (17% to 43%) from susceptibility to resistance to HFD, in the female offspring only. Our aim in this study was to determine how, in the context of maternal obesity and T2D, a CD could increase resistance on female fetuses. Transcriptional analyses were carried out with a custom-built mouse liver microarray and by quantitative RT-PCR for muscle and adipose tissue. Both global DNA methylation and levels of pertinent histone marks were assessed by LUMA and western blotting, and the expression of 15 relevant genes encoding chromatin-modifying enzymes was analyzed in tissues presenting global epigenetic changes. Resistance was associated with an enhancement of hepatic pathways protecting against steatosis, the unexpected upregulation of neurotransmission-related genes and the modulation of a vast imprinted gene network. Adipose tissue displayed a pronounced dysregulation of gene expression, with an upregulation of genes involved in lipid storage and adipocyte hypertrophy or hyperplasia in obese mice born to lean and obese mothers, respectively. Global DNA methylation, several histone marks and key epigenetic regulators were also altered. Whether they were themselves lean (resistant) or obese (sensitive), the offspring of lean and obese mice clearly differed in terms of several metabolic features and epigenetic marks suggesting that the effects of a HFD depend on the leanness or obesity of the mother.
Prenatal ozone exposure programs a sexually dimorphic susceptibility to high-fat diet in adolescent Long Evans rats$$$ Altered fetal growth, which can occur due to environmental stressors during pregnancy, may program a susceptibility to metabolic disease. Gestational exposure to the air pollutant ozone is associated with fetal growth restriction in humans and rodents. However, the impact of this early life ozone exposure on offspring metabolic risk has not yet been investigated. In this study, fetal growth restriction was induced by maternal inhalation of 0.8 ppm ozone on gestation days 5 and 6 (4 hr/day) in Long Evans rats. To uncover any metabolic inflexibility, or an impaired ability to respond to a high-fat diet (HFD), a subset of peri-adolescent male and female offspring from filtered air or ozone exposed dams were fed HFD (45% kcal from fat) for 3 days. By 6 weeks of age, male and female offspring from ozone-exposed dams were heavier than offspring from air controls. Furthermore, offspring from ozone-exposed dams had greater daily caloric consumption and reduced metabolic rate when fed HFD. In addition to energy imbalance, HFD-fed male offspring from ozone-exposed dams had dyslipidemia and increased adiposity, which was not evident in females. HFD consumption in males resulted in the activation of the protective 5'AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK alpha) and sirtuin 1 (SIRT1) pathways in the liver, regardless of maternal exposure. Unlike males, ozone-exposed female offspring failed to activate these pathways, retaining hepatic triglycerides following HFD consumption that resulted in increased inflammatory gene expression and reduced insulin signaling genes. Taken together, maternal ozone exposure in early pregnancy programs impaired metabolic flexibility in offspring, which may increase susceptibility to obesity in males and hepatic dysfunction in females.
Hepatalin: the missing link in prediabetes, obesity, and type 2 diabetes$$$ Hepatalin is a hormone secreted by the liver in response to pulses of insulin after a mixed nutrient meal, but only if the liver receives two permissive synergistic feeding signals from the stomach. Hepatalin stimulates glucose uptake and storage as glycogen in skeletal muscle, heart, and kidney but not liver, intestines, or adipocytes. Insulin acts primarily on liver and fat. Reduced hepatalin action results in postprandial hyperglycemia, compensatory elevation of insulin secretion, and a re-sultant shift in partitioning of nutrient energy storage from glycogen in muscle, to fat. Chronic hepatalin suppression leads to a predictable chronology of dysfunctions, first diagnosable as Absence of Meal-induced Insulin Sensitization (AMIS) which progresses to prediabetes, adiposity, and type 2 diabetes. The focus on nutrient partitioning and the role of hepatalin allows AMIS to be diagnosed, prevented, and treated, including through the use of lifestyle interventions.
Dietary carbohydrates: Pathogenesis and potential therapeutic targets to obesity-associated metabolic syndrome$$$ Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a common feature in obesity, comprising a cluster of abnormalities including abdominal fat accumulation, hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, dyslipidemia, and hypertension, leading to diabetes and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Intake of carbohydrates (CHO), particularly a sugary diet that rapidly increases blood glucose, triglycerides, and blood pressure levels is the predominant determining factor of MetS. Complex CHO, on the other hand, are a stable source of energy taking a longer time to digest. In particular, resistant starch (RS) or soluble fiber is an excellent source of prebiotics, which alter the gut microbial composition, which in turn improves metabolic control. Altering maternal CHO intake during pregnancy may result in the child developing MetS. Furthermore, lifestyle factors such as physical inactivity in combination with dietary habits may synergistically influence gene expression by modulating genetic and epigenetic regulators transforming childhood obesity into adolescent metabolic disorders. This review summarizes the common pathophysiology of MetS in connection with the nature of CHO, intrauterine nutrition, genetic predisposition, lifestyle factors, and advanced treatment approaches; it also emphasizes how dietary CHO may act as a key element in the pathogenesis and future therapeutic targets of obesity and MetS.
IGF-1 receptor haploinsufficiency leads to age-dependent development of metabolic syndrome$$$ Individuals born small for gestational age (SGA) are at a higher risk of developing the metabolic syndrome later in life. IGF-1 resistance has been reported in placentae from SGA births and mutations in the Igf1 receptor gene have been reported in several cohorts of SGA subjects. We have used the Igf1r heterozygous (Igf1r(+/-)) male mouse as a model to investigate the mechanisms by which Igf1r hap-Ioinsufficiency leads to insulin resistance. Despite exhibiting IGF-1 resistance, insulin signaling is enhanced in young Igf1r(+/-) mice but is attenuated in the muscle of old Igf1r(+/-) mice. Although smaller than WT (wild type) mice, old-aged Igf1r(+/-) had increased adiposity and exhibit increased lipogenesis. We hypothesize that IGF-1 resistance initially causes a transient increase in insulin signaling thereby promoting a lipogenic phenotype, which subsequently leads to insulin resistance. (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Perinatal, metabolic, and reproductive features in <i>PPARG</i>-related lipodystrophy$$$ Objective: The adipogenic PPARG-encoded PPAR gamma nuclear receptor also displays essential placental functions. We evaluated the metabolic, reproductive, and perinatal features of patients with PPARG-related lipodystrophy. Methods: Current and retrospective data were collected in patients referred to a National Rare Diseases Reference Centre. Results: 26 patients from 15 unrelated families were studied (18 women, median age 43 years). They carried monoallelic PPARG variants except a homozygous patient with congenital generalized lipodystrophy. Among heterozygous patients aged 16 or more (n = 24), 92% had diabetes, 96% partial lipodystrophy (median age at diagnosis 24 and 37 years), 78% hypertriglyceridaemia, 71% liver steatosis, and 58% hypertension. The mean BMI was 26 +/- 5.0 kg/m(2). Women (n = 16) were frequently affected by acute pancreatitis (n = 6) and/or polycystic ovary syndrome (n = 12). Eleven women obtained one or several pregnancies, all complicated by diabetes (n = 8), hypertension (n = 4), and/or hypertriglyceridaemia (n = 10). We analysed perinatal data of patients according to the presence (n = 8) or absence (n = 9) of a maternal dysmetabolic environment. The median gestational age at birth was low in both groups (37 and 36 weeks of amenorrhea, respectively). As expected, the birth weight was higher in patients exposed to a foetal dysmetabolic environment of maternal origin. In contrast, 85.7% of non-exposed patients, in whom the variant is, or is very likely to be, paternally-inherited, were small for gestational age. Conclusions: Lipodystrophy-related PPARG variants induce early metabolic complications. Our results suggest that placental expression of PPARG pathogenic variants carried by affected foetuses could impair prenatal growth and parturition. This justifies careful pregnancy monitoring in affected families.
Maternal obesity induced by a 'cafeteria' diet in the rat does not increase inflammation in maternal, placental or fetal tissues in late gestation$$$ Introduction: Obesity during pregnancy can cause serious complications for maternal and infant health. While this has often been attributed to increased inflammation during obese pregnancy, human and animal studies exhibit variable results with respect to the inflammatory status of the mother, placenta and fetus. Cafeteria (CAF) feeding induces more inflammation than standard high -fat feeding in nonpregnant animal models. This study investigated whether maternal obesity induced by a CAF diet increases maternal, fetal or placental inflammation. Methods: Maternal obesity was established in rats by 8 weeks of pre -pregnancy CAF feeding. Maternal plasma inflammatory markers (IL -1 beta, IL -6, IL -10, IL -12p40, MCP1, GRO/KC, MIP-2 and TNF alpha) and expression of inflammatory genes (Tnf alpha, 11-6, 11-1 beta, Tlr2, TIr4, Cox2 and Emr1) in maternal, placental and fetal tissues were measured at day 21 of gestation. Results: Despite CAF animals having 63% more central body fat than controls at day 21 of gestation, plasma inflammatory markers were not increased; indeed, levels of IL-6, IL -12p40 and MIP2 were reduced slightly. Similarly, inflammatory gene expression remained largely unaffected by CAF feeding, except for slight reductions to Tlr4 and Emr1 expression in CAF maternal adipose tissue, and reduced Tlr4 expression in male labyrinth zone (LZ). The junctional zone UZ) displayed increased Il-6 expression in CAF animals when fetal sexes were combined, but no inflammatory genes were affected by the CAF diet in fetal liver. Conclusions: Maternal obesity induced by a CAF diet before and during pregnancy does not increase the inflammatory status of the mother, placenta or fetus in late gestation. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The effect of preterm birth on adiposity and metabolic pathways and the implications for later life$$$ The last few years have seen an increasing number of extremely preterm babies surviving to adulthood. The relationship between low birth weight, insulin resistance and Type 2 diabetes in adulthood is well established, but less is known regarding the effects of preterm birth on body composition and metabolic pathways. In this review, we consider the literature regarding the effects of prematurity on body composition in the neonatal period, infancy, childhood and adulthood. We also discuss prematurity and metabolic related changes including blood pressure and insulin resistance in later life. Although several studies suggest that 'catch-up' growth is the main factor influencing the risk of an adverse body composition and metabolic profile, there is growing evidence to indicate an independent effect of gestational age on liver fat content and blood pressure in adulthood. However, more research is needed regarding specific metabolic changes in adults born preterm.
Evaluating variations in metabolic profiles during the dry period related to the time of hyperketonemia onset in dairy cows$$$ Hyperketonemia (HYK) in early lactation can have a different impact on health and productivity depending on the timing of HYK onset. While specific metabolites measured during the dry period may serve as biomarkers of HYK, the correlations between metabolites represent a challenge for the use of metabolic profiles dataset, and little has been explored on HYK. This exploratory cohort study aimed a) to characterize the correlations among metabolites measured during the late dry period in dairy cows, and b) to identify biomarkers in the late dry period associated with the onset of HYK at the first (wk1) and second (wk2) week of lactation. Individual blood samples from 440 Holstein dairy cows were collected at 21 & PLUSMN; 3 days before expected parturition. From each sample, 36 different metabolites were measured in serum and plasma. Hyperketonemia was diagnosed in wk1 and wk2 of lactation based on the blood concentration of beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB > 1.2 mmol/L). Principal component analysis (PCA) was performed to reduce metabolites to a smaller number of uncorrelated components. Multivariable logistic regression models were applied to assess the associations between principal components (PC) and HYK at wk1 only (HYK+ wk1), wk2 only (HYK+ wk2), or both weeks (HYK+ wk1-2). The incidence of HYK was 16.2% in the first week, 13.0% in the second week, and 21.2% within the first two weeks of lactation. The results of PCA highlighted 10 PCs from which two were associated with HYK+ wk1 as compared with cows without HYK during the first two weeks of lactation (non-HYK); the PC a2 led by bilirubin and non-esterified fatty acids (OR = 1.29; 95%CI: 1.02-1.68), and the PC a5 led by alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT) (OR = 2.77; 95%CI: 1.61-4.97). There was no evidence of an association between any PC and HYK+ wk2 (vs. non-HYK cows). Cows with elevated PC a5 (led by ALP and GGT) in the dry period were 3.18 times more likely to be HYK+ wk1 than HYK+ wk2 (OR: 3.18, 95%CI: 1.34-8.73; P = 0.013). Overall, the main hypothesis generated by our exploratory study suggests that cows with biomarkers of liver dysfunction (ALP, GGT, bilirubin) assessed by PCA at 3 weeks before calving are more likely to develop HYK during the first week of lactation compared to the second week. In addition, results suggest that cows with HYK in both of the first two weeks of lactation had an overall metabolic disbalance during the onset of the late dry period, which based on PCs, encompass biomarkers related to glucogenic and ketogenic metabolic pathways as well as liver dysfunction and fatty liver. Further research is needed to determine the underlying mechanisms associated with the different adaptations between cows that develop HYK during the first and second week of lactation.
A comparative study of the metabolic profile, insulin sensitivity and inflammatory response between organically and conventionally managed dairy cattle during the periparturient period$$$ The number of organically managed cattle (OMC) within the European Union has increased tremendously in the last decade. However, there are still some concerns about animals under this farming system meeting their dietary requirements for milk production. The aim of this study was to compare the metabolic adaptations to the onset of lactation in three different herds, one conventional and two organic ones. Twenty-two conventionally managed cattle (CMC) and 20 from each organic farm were sampled throughout the periparturient period. These samplings were grouped into four different stages: (i) far-off dry, (ii) close-up dry, (iii) fresh and (iv) peak of lactation and compared among them. In addition, the results of periparturient animals were also compared within each management type with a control group (animals between the 4th and 5th months of pregnancy). Metabolic profiles were used to assess the health status of the herds, along with the quantification of the acute phase proteins haptoglobin and serum amyloid A, insulin and the calculation of different surrogate indices of insulin sensitivity. Generalised linear mixed models with repeated measurements were used to study the effect of the stage, management type or their interaction on the serum variables studied. The prevalence of subclinical ketosis was higher in OMC, although they showed better insulin sensitivity, a lower degree of inflammation and less liver injury, without a higher risk of macromineral deficiencies. Therefore, attention should be paid on organic farms to the nutritional management of cows around the time of calving in order to prevent the harmful consequences of excessive negative energy balance. Moreover, it must be taken into account that most of the common practices used to treat this condition in CMC are not allowed on a systematic basis in OMC.
Exerkine apelin reverses obesity-associated placental dysfunction by accelerating mitochondrial biogenesis in mice$$$ Maternal exercise (ME) protects against adverse effects of maternal obesity (MO) on fetal development. As a cytokine stimulated by exercise, apelin (APN) is elevated due to ME, but its roles in mediating the effects of ME on placental development remain to be defined. Two studies were conducted. In the first study, 18 female mice were assigned to control (CON), obesogenic diet (OB), or OB with exercise (OB/Ex) groups (n = 6); in the second study, the same number of female mice were assigned to three groups; CON with PBS injection (CD/PBS), OB/PBS, or OB with apelin injection (OB/APN). In the exercise study, daily treadmill exercise during pregnancy significantly elevated the expression of PR domain 16 (PRDM16; P < 0.001), which correlated with enhanced oxidative metabolism and mitochondrial biogenesis in the placenta (P < 0.05). More importantly, these changes were partially mirrored in the apelin study. Apelin administration upregulated PRDM16 protein level (P < 0.001), mitochondrial biogenesis (P < 0.05), placental nutrient transporter expression (P < 0.001), and placental vascularization (P < 0.01), which were impaired due to MO (P < 0.05). In summary, MO impairs oxidative phosphorylation in the placenta, which is improved by ME; apelin administration partially mimics the beneficial effects of exercise on improving placental function, which prevents placental dysfunction due to MO. NEW & NOTEWORTHY Maternal exercise prevents metabolic disorders of mothers and offspring induced by high-fat diet. Exercise intervention enhances PRDM16 activation, oxidative metabolism, and vascularization of placenta, which are inhibited due to maternal obesity. Similar to maternal exercise, apelin administration improves placental function of obese dams.
Programming of childhood overweight due to perinatal overnutrition$$$ Childhood overweight and obesity are urgent health problems with far-reaching consequences up into adulthood. Based on still poorly defined mechanisms, referred to as fetal programming, the risks of later life health problems are already determined during the earliest prenatal stages of life and appear to aggravate the overweight situation. Periconceptional maternal obesity and additional perinatal risk factors including a disproportionately high gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes and postnatal rapid weight gain in the first 2 years of life, promote the risk of developing overweight and associated metabolic disorders in childhood. Animal experimental studies provide the advantage of studying the consequences of maternal overnutrition for the offspring in a controlled setting. Adverse nutritional exposure, such as a high intake of saturated fatty acids or an additional increase of free sugar in the maternal diet exerts effects on weight status and body fat in the offspring and may result in dysfunction of metabolically active organs including adipose tissue, brain, liver and muscle. Potential underlying mechanisms may involve proinflammatory and epigenetic processes. Whether prenatal prevention concepts may have a beneficial long-term impact on later offspring health is currently unclear. Promotion of breastfeeding and avoidance of rapid postnatal weight gain in the first 2 years of life are essential components of the practicing pediatrician's efforts for overweight prevention.
Gender-divergent expression of lipid and bile acid metabolism-related genes in adult mice offspring of dams fed a high-fat diet$$$ Maternal high-fat diet (HFD) consumption during pregnancy and lactation affects metabolic outcomes and lipid metabolism of offspring in later life in a gender-specific manner. However, it is not known whether maternal HFD alters bile acid metabolism in adult mice offspring. The purpose of this study was to elucidate the relationship between maternal HFD-induced metabolic diseases and bile acid metabolism in male and female adult mice offspring. Female mice were fed either standard chow (C) or HFD (H) for 10 weeks pre-pregnancy until lactation. After weaning, offspring were fed a chow diet until 11 weeks of age, then challenged with either C or H diet for 4 weeks, and divided into eight groups in accordance with mother's and offspring's diets: male(M) CC, MHC, MCH, MHH, female(F) CC, FHC, FCH, and FHH. MHH showed greater weight gain compared to FHH. Liver weight was higher in MHH than in FHH. Serum total cholesterol levels were higher in MHH than in MHC, and tended to be higher in MHH than in FHH. Serum glucose levels were higher in MHH than in MHC. Hepatic triglyceride levels were higher in MHH than in MHC. Hepatic mRNA expression of bile acid uptake transporters Oatp1a1 and Oatp1b2 was increased in MHH, compared to MCH. Hepatic mRNA expression of HMGCoAR, Cyp7a1, Sult2a1, and Oatp1a4 was increased in FHH, compared to FCH. In conclusion, maternal HFD consumption may promote bile acid synthesis, sulfation and excretion in female offspring fed a HFD, which may confer resistance to HFD-induced metabolic phenotypes.
Different levels of overnutrition and weight gain during pregnancy have differential effects on fetal growth and organ development$$$ Background: Nearly 50% of U. S. women of child-bearing age are overweight or obese, conditions linked to offspring obesity and diabetes. Methods: Utilizing the sheep, females were fed a highly palatable diet at two levels of overfeeding designed to induce different levels of maternal body weight increase and adiposity at conception, and from conception to midgestation. Fetal growth and organ development were then evaluated at midgestation in response to these two different levels of overfeeding. Ewes were fed to achieve: 1) normal weight gain (control, C), 2) overweight (125% of National Research Council [NRC] recommendations, OW125) or 3) obesity (150% of NRC recommendations, OB150) beginning 10 wks prior to breeding and through midgestation. Body fat % and insulin sensitivity were assessed at three points during the study: 1) diet initiation, 2) conception and 3) mid-gestation. Ewes were necropsied and fetuses recovered at midgestation (day 78). Results: OB150 ewes had a higher % body fat than OW125 ewes prior to breeding (P = 0.03), but not at mid-gestation (P = 0.37). Insulin sensitivity decreased from diet initiation to mid-gestation (P = 0.04), and acute insulin response to glucose tended to be greater in OB150 ewes than C ewes (P = 0.09) and was greater than in OW125 ewes (P = 0.02). Fetal crown-rump length, thoracic and abdominal girths, and fetal perirenal fat were increased in the OW125 and OB150 versus C ewes at mid-gestation. However, only fetal heart, pancreas, and liver weights, as well as lipid content of fetal liver, were increased (P < 0.05) in OB150 ewes versus both C and OW125 ewes at midgestation. Conclusions: These data demonstrate that different levels of overfeeding, resulting in differing levels of maternal weight gain and adiposity prior to and during pregnancy, lead to differential effects on fetal overgrowth and organ development.
Novel implication of the prolactin (PRL) gene in the comorbidity of type 2 diabetes and depression$$$ - OBJECTIVE: The prolactin (PRL) system plays important behavioral, social, and metabolic roles, such as mediating social bond-ing and insulin secretion. Inherited dysfunction of the PRL pathway-related genes is associated with psychopathology and insulin resistance. We have previously suggested that the PRL sys-tem might be implicated in the comorbidity of psychiatric (depression) and type 2 diabetes (T2D) owing to the pleiotropy of PRL pathway -re-lated genes. To our knowledge, no PRL variants have so far been reported in patients with either major depressive disorder (MDD) and/or T2D. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In this study, we analyzed 6 variants within the PRL gene and tested them for the presence of parametric link-age and/or linkage disequilibrium (LD, i.e., link-age and association) with familial MDD, T2D, and their comorbidity. RESULTS: We found, for the first time, that the PRL gene and its novel risk variants are linked to and in LD (i.e., linkage and association) with fa-milial MDD, T2D, and MDD-T2D comorbidity. CONCLUSIONS: PRL might play a key role in mental-metabolic comorbidity and can be con-sidered a novel gene in MDD and T2D.
Maternal nutritional history modulates the hepatic IGF-IGFBP axis in adult male rat offspring$$$ Alterations in early life nutrition lead to an increased risk of obesity and metabolic syndrome in offspring. We have shown that both relative maternal undernutrition (UN) and maternal obesity result in metabolic derangements in offspring, independent of the postnatal dietary environment. Since insulin-like growth factor binding protein 2 (IGFBP2) has been shown to be independently associated with obesity and diabetes risk, we examined the IGF-IGFBP axis in male rat offspring following either maternal UN or maternal obesity to explain possible common pathways in the development of metabolic disorders. Wistar rats were time-mated and fed either a control diet (CONT), 50 % of CONT (UN) or a high-fat (HF) diet throughout pregnancy. Male offspring were weaned onto a standard chow diet and blood and tissues were collected at postnatal day 160. Plasma and hepatic tissue samples were analysed for key players in the IGF-IGFBP system. Both maternal UN and HF resulted in increased fat mass, hyperinsulinemia, hyperleptinemia and altered blood lipid profiles in offspring compared to CONT. Circulating IGF-1 and IGFBP3 levels and hepatic mRNA expression of IGFBP1 and IGFBP2 were significantly decreased in UN and HF offspring compared to CONT. DNA methylation of the IGFBP2 promotor region was similar between maternal dietary groups. Although chaperone gene heat-shock protein 90 and hepatic IGFBP1 were significantly correlated in CONT offspring this effect was absent in both UN and HF offspring. In conclusion, this study is one of the first to directly compare two experimental models of developmental programming representing both ends of the maternal dietary spectrum. Our data suggest that two disparate nutritional models that elicit similar adverse metabolic phenotypes in offspring are characterised by common alterations in the IGF-IGFBP pathway.
Sodium acetate and androgen receptor blockade improve gestational androgen excess-induced deteriorated glucose homeostasis and antioxidant defenses in rats: roles of adenosine deaminase and xanthine oxidase activities$$$ Nutritional challenges and androgen excess have been implicated in the development of gestational diabetes and poor fetal outcome, but the mechanisms are not well delineated. The effects of short chain fatty acid (SCFA) on glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome induced by gestational androgen excess is also not known. We tested the hypothesis that blockade of androgen receptor (AR) and suppression of late gestational androgen excess prevents glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome through suppression of adenosine deaminase (ADA)/xanthine oxidase (XO) pathway. Twenty-four pregnant Wistar rats were treated (sc) with olive oil, testosterone propionate (0.5 mg/kg) singly or in combination with SCFA (sodium acetate; 200 mg/kg; p.o.) or AR blocker (flutamide; 7.5 mg/kg; p.o.) between gestational days 14 and 19. The results showed that late gestational androgen excess led to glucose deregulation, poor fetal outcome, increased plasma and hepatic free fatty acid and lactate dehydrogenase, liver function marker enzymes, malondialdehyde, uric acid, ADA and X0 activities. Conversely, gestational androgen excess resulted in reduced body weight gain, visceral adiposity, plasma and hepatic anti-oxidant defenses (glutathione peroxidase, reduced glutathione/glutathione disulphide ratio, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, adenosine and nitric oxide). However, all these effects were ameliorated by either sodium acetate or flutamide treatment. The study demonstrates that suppression of testosterone by SCFA or AR blockade protects against glucose deregulation and poor fetal outcome by improvement of anti-oxidant defenses and replenishment of hepatic oxidative capacity through suppression of ADA/XO pathway. Hence, utility of SCFA should be encouraged for prevention of glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
DNA methylation, insulin resistance, and blood pressure in offspring determined by maternal periconceptional B vitamin and methionine status$$$ A complex combination of adult health-related disorders can originate from developmental events that occur in utero. The periconceptional period may also be programmable. We report on the effects of restricting the supply of specific B vitamins (i.e., B-12 and folate) and methionine, within normal physiological ranges, from the periconceptional diet of mature female sheep. We hypothesized this would lead to epigenetic modifications to DNA methylation in the preovulatory oocyte and/or preimplantation embryo, with long-term health implications for offspring. DNA methylation is a key epigenetic contributor to maintenance of gene silencing that relies on a dietary supply of methyl groups. We observed no effects on pregnancy establishment or birth weight, but this modest early dietary intervention led to adult offspring that were both heavier and fatter, elicited altered immune responses to antigenic challenge, were insulin-resistant, and had elevated blood pressure-effects that were most obvious in males. The altered methylation status of 4% of 1,400 CpG islands examined by restriction landmark genome scanning in the fetal liver revealed compelling evidence of a widespread epigenetic mechanism associated with this nutritionally programmed effect. Intriguingly, more than half of the affected loci were specific to males. The data provide the first evidence that clinically relevant reductions in specific dietary inputs to the methionine/folate cycles during the periconceptional period can lead to widespread epigenetic alterations to DNA methylation in offspring, and modify adult health-related phenotypes.
Parental diet, pregnancy outcomes and offspring health: metabolic determinants in developing oocytes and embryos$$$ The periconceptional period, embracing the terminal stages of oocyte growth and post-fertilisation development up to implantation, is sensitive to parental nutrition. Deficiencies or excesses in a range of macro-and micronutrients during this period can lead to impairments in fertility, fetal development and long-term offspring health. Obesity and genotype-related differences in regional adiposity are associated with impaired liver function and insulin resistance, and contribute to fatty acid-mediated impairments in sperm viability and oocyte and embryo quality, all of which are associated with endoplasmic reticulum stress and compromised fertility. Disturbances to maternal protein metabolism can elevate ammonium concentrations in reproductive tissues and disturb embryo and fetal development. Associated with this are disturbances to one-carbon metabolism, which can lead to epigenetic modifications to DNA and associated proteins in offspring that are both insulin resistant and hypertensive. Many enzymes involved in epigenetic gene regulation use metabolic cosubstrates (e. g. acetyl CoA and S-adenosyl methionine) to modify DNA and associated proteins, and so act as 'metabolic sensors' providing a link between parental nutritional status and gene regulation. Separate to their genomic contribution, spermatozoa can also influence embryo development via direct interactions with the egg and by seminal plasma components that act on oviductal and uterine tissues.
Beneficial effects of maternal swimming during pregnancy on offspring metabolism when the father is obese$$$ We aimed to evaluate the impact of maternal exercise training on the offspring metabolism and body size caused by father obesity. C57BL/6 male 4-week-old mice were fed a high-fat diet (HF father) or control diet (C father), while equal age female mice were fed only a C diet and were separated into two groups: trained (T mother) and non-trained (NT mother), and at 12 weeks of age mice were mated. A continuous swimming protocol was applied for 10 weeks (before and during gestation), and offspring were followed since weaning until sacrifice (at 12 weeks of age). HF father, compared to C father, showed obesity, elevated total cholesterol (TC) and triglycerides (TG), and glucose intolerance. Both sexes HF/NT offspring showed hyperglycemia, glucose intolerance and high levels of TC and TG, without obesity. However, HF/T offspring showed data close to C/NT, demonstrating the beneficial effect of maternal exercise in the offspring of obese fathers.
The peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors under epigenetic control in placental metabolism and fetal development$$$ The placental metabolism can adapt to the environment throughout pregnancy to both the demands of the fetus and the signals from the mother. Such adaption processes include epigenetic mechanisms, which alter gene expression and may influence the offspring's health. These mechanisms are linked to the diversity of prenatal environmental exposures, including maternal under-or overnutrition or gestational diabetes. The peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) are nuclear receptors that contribute to the developmental plasticity of the placenta by regulating lipid and glucose metabolism pathways, including lipogenesis, steroidogenesis, glucose transporters, and placental signaling pathways, thus representing a link between energy metabolism and reproduction. Among the PPAR isoforms, PPAR gamma appears to be the main modulator of mammalian placentation. Certain fatty acids and lipid-derived moieties are the natural activating PPAR ligands. By controlling the amounts of maternal nutrients that go across to the fetus, the PPARs play an important regulatory role in placenta metabolism, thereby adapting to the maternal nutritional status. As demonstrated in animal studies, maternal nutrition during gestation can exert long-term influences on the PPAR methylation pattern in offspring organs. This review underlines the current state of knowledge on the relationship between environmental factors and the epigenetic regulation of the PPARs in placenta metabolism and offspring development.
Gestational low dietary protein induces intrauterine inflammation and alters the programming of adiposity and insulin sensitivity in the adult offspring$$$ Malnutrition associated with low dietary protein can induce gestational inflammation and sets a long-lasting metabolic impact on the offspring even after replenishment. The work investigated whether a low-protein diet (LPD) during pregnancy and lactation induces intrauterine inflammation and pre-disposes offspring to adiposity and insulin resistance in their adult life. Female Golden Syrian hamsters were fed LPD (10.0% energy from protein) or a control diet (CD, 20.0 % energy from protein) from preconception until lactation. All pups were switched to CD after lactation and continued until the end. Maternal LPD increased intrauterine inflammation by enhancing neutrophil infiltration, amniotic hsCRP, oxidative stress, and mRNA expression of NF kappa beta, IL8, COX2, and TGF beta in the chorioamniotic membrane ( P < .05). The prepregnancy body weight, placental, and fetal weights, serum AST and ALT were decreased, while blood platelets, lymphocytes, insulin, and HDL were significantly increased in LPD-fed dams ( P < .05). A postnatal switch to an adequate protein could not prevent hyperlipidemia in the 6-months LPD/CD offspring. The lipid profile and liver functions were restored over 10 months of protein feeding but failed to normalize fasting glucose and body fat accumulation compared to CD/CD. LPD/CD showed elevated GLUT4 expression & activated pIRS1 in the skeletal muscle and increased expression of IL6, IL1 beta, and p65-NF kappa B proteins in the liver ( P < .05). In conclusion, present data suggest that maternal protein restriction may induce intrauterine inflammation and affect liver inflammation in the adult offspring by an influx of fats from adipose that may alter lipid metabolism and reduce insulin sensitivity in skeletal muscle. (c) 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Autophagy proteins are modulated in the liver and hypothalamus of the offspring of mice with diet-induced obesity$$$ Nutritional excess during pregnancy and lactation has a negative impact on offspring phenotype. In adulthood, obesity and lipid overload represent factors that compromise autophagy, a process of lysosomal degradation. Despite knowledge of the impact of obesity on autophagy, changes in offspring of obese dams have yet to be investigated. In this study, we tested the hypothesis that maternal obesity induced by a high fat diet (HFD) modulates autophagy proteins in the hypothalamus and liver of the offspring of mice. At birth (d0), offspring of obese dams (HFD-O) showed an increase in p62 protein and a decrease in LC3-II, but only in the liver. After weaning (d18), the offspring of HFD-O animals showed impairment of autophagy markers in both tissues compared to control offspring (SC-O). Between day 18 and day 42, both groups received a control diet and we observed that the protein content of p62 remained increased in the livers of the HFD-O offspring. However, after 82 days, we did not find any modulation in offspring autophagy proteins. On the other hand, when the offspring of obese dams that received an HFD from day 42 until day 82 (OH-H) were compared with the offspring from the controls that only received an HFD in adulthood (OC-H), we saw impairment in autophagy proteins in both tissues. In conclusion, this study describes that HFD-O offspring showed early impairment of autophagy proteins. Although the molecular mechanisms have not been explored, it is possible that changes in autophagy markers could be associated with metabolic disturbances of offspring. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Long-term changes in the diurnal temporal regulation and set points of metabolic parameters associated with chronic maternal overnutrition in rabbits$$$ Metabolic syndrome (MS) and obesity have become a worldwide epidemic with an alarming prevalence in women of reproductive age. Maternal metabolic condition is considered a risk factor for adverse birth outcomes and long-term MS. In this study, we developed a rabbit model of maternal overnutrition via the chronic intake of a high-fat and carbohydrate diet (HFCD), and we determined the effects of this diet on maternal metabolism and offspring metabolic set points and temporal metabolic regulation in adult life. Before and during pregnancy, the female rabbits that consumed the HFCD exhibited significant changes in body weight, serum levels of analytes associated with carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, levels of liver and kidney damage markers, and liver histology. Our data suggest that rabbits are a valuable model for studying the development of MS associated with the chronic intake of unbalanced diets and fetal metabolic programming. Furthermore, the offspring of overnourished dams exhibited considerable changes in 24-h serum metabolite profiles in adulthood, with notable sexual dimorphism. These data suggest that maternal nutritional conditions due to the chronic intake of an HFCD adversely impact key elements related to the development of circadian rhythmicity in offspring.
Chyluria presenting as milky urine and nephrotic-range proteinuria$$$ A 41-year-old woman was admitted to Harlem Hospital Center for the evaluation of nephrotic-range proteinuria, microhematuria, hypoalbuminemia, and edema. The patient was born in the Dominican Republic and came to the United States 10 years ago. She gave a history of episodic cloudy urine for the past 28 years. Five years before admission during her last pregnancy, she was noted to have proteinuria (2g/24h). Two years before admission, she was treated for filariasis at another hospital, and after 1 year, she was admitted to the same hospital for edema and was found to have chronic active hepatitis C infection with incipient cirrhosis by liver biopsy. For the past 3 months, the patient noted progressive swelling of both lower extremities associated with episodic passage of cloudy urine and flank pain. There was no history of diabetes mellitus, hypertension, renal stones, or gross hematuria. She was on no medications and denied alcohol, illicit drug, and tobacco use. Physical examination revealed a thin and malnourished woman weighing 55.5 kg with a temperature of 37 degrees C, pulse 92/min, and blood pressure 104/60 mmHg. There was no skin rash. The heart and lung examinations were normal. The abdomen was soft with the liver palpable 3 cm below the right costal margin. The spleen was not palpable and there was no shifting dullness. There was 3+ pitting bilateral pedal edema. Laboratory data on the current admission included hematocrit 46% (reference interval, 42-52%), white blood count 6.6 x 10(9)/l (reference interval, 4.0-10.5 x 10(9)/l) with normal differential, platelet count 381 x 10(9)/l (reference interval, 150-500 x 10(9)/l), blood urea nitrogen 7mg/dl (2.5 mmol/l) (reference interval, 7-18mg/dl, 2.5-6.4 mmol/l), serum creatinine 0.7 mg/dl (63 mu mol/l), total protein 4.1 g/ dl (41 g/l) (reference interval 6.0-7.8 g/dl, 60-78 g/l), albumin 1.9 g/dl (19 g/l) (reference interval 3.5-5.0 g/ dl, 35-50 g/l), bilirubin 0.5mg/dl (8.6 mu mol/l) (reference interval 0.2-1.0mg/dl, 3.4-17.1 mu mol/l), aspartate aminotransferase 100 U/l (reference interval 10-40 U/l), ala nine aminotransferase 38 U/l (reference interval, 10-35U/l), alkaline phosphatase 408U/l (reference interval, 20-80U/l), serum cholesterol 208mg/dl (5.38mmol/l) ( recommended < 200mg/dl, < 5.18mmol/l), and triglyceride 108mg/dl (1.22mmol/l) (recommended 35-135mg/dl, 0.40-1.52mmol/l). Serologic work-up showed positive hepatitis C antibody and positive hepatitis B core antibody. Serologic tests for hepatitis B surface antigen, hepatitis B surface antibody, syphilis, human immunodeficiency virus, antinuclear antibody, and cryoglobulin were negative. The serum complement levels including C3, C4, and CH50 were within the normal ranges. Five days before admission, a routine urinalysis was reported as showing clear yellow urine with 2+ protein, 4+ blood, and negative leukocyte esterase. A follow-up urinalysis on the day of admission, however, showed milky urine with clots, 4+ protein, and 3+ blood. Microscopic examination of the urine sediment showed many red blood cells and a few epithelial cells per high-power field. There were no oval fat bodies, fatty casts, cellular casts, or crystals. Examination of stained urine sediment by modified Wright stain (Hansel's stain) revealed many isomorphic red blood cells and lymphocytes (Figure 1). Addition of Sudan III to an aliquot of this milky urine, followed by mixing and shaking with an equal volume of chloroform and centrifugation, produced clearing of the cloudy urine with the appearance of stained fatty globules in the organic layer (Figure 2). A 24-h urine collection yielded 6.5g of protein and a creatinine clearance of 91ml/min. A urine protein electrophoresis showed non-selective proteinuria. A chest X-ray and an electrocardiogram were normal. An abdominal ultrasound showed a 14 cm liver with increased echo-texture; the kidneys were normal in size and echotexture. Differential diagnosis of the renal abnormalities included nephrotic syndrome owing to hepatitis C-associated membranous or membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis, minimal change disease, and chyluria. A renal biopsy was performed.
The dynamic changes in the pattern of liver function tests in pregnant obese women$$$ Obesity is an important problem in healthcare regarding gestating women. The objective of the present study was to highlight the impact that obesity has on the hepatic function in pregnant women by comparing the functional tests used in current practice. In addition, the aim was to identify possible predictors of liver damage by analyzing specific anthropometric data. The present study was descriptive, observational, retrospective, and based on the observation sheets found in the database of the Institute for the Health of the Mother and Child, the Obstetrics Gynecology Department of Polizu Hospital. Patients who presented for consultation in each trimester of pregnancy were included in the study. Demographic data taken into account included age, body mass index (BMI), provenance environment, anthropometric data: Abdominal circumference and the complete set of paraclinical data from which we extracted these specific liver tests: Aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine transferase (ALT), direct bilirubin (BD), serum albumin and gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT). The present study included 157 patients divided into two groups, distributed as follows: Group A: 66 obese pregnant women (BMI >25 kg/m(2)) and group B: 91 patients with normal weight (BMI <25 kg/m(2)). Measurement of serum ALT and AST were the most useful tests for routine diagnosis of liver disease. The effects of pregnancy on serum levels of ALT and AST are controversial. In some studies, there was a slight increase in ALT and AST during the second and third trimesters, a fact confirmed by our study, albeit the result was not statistically significant Most published studies claim that serum ALT and AST levels do not change during pregnancy. In conclusion, obesity during pregnancy does not drastically influence liver function. However, patients with greater abdominal circumference are prone to developing minor hepatic cytolysis syndrome during the gestation period. The liver functional tests described in the aforementioned groups agree with the results provided by the specialized studies.
ESTIMATION OF GESTATIONAL AGE FROM STUDY OF AMNIOTIC-FLUID AND CLINICAL-ASSESSMENT$$$ Study of 108 samples of amniotic fluid obtained between 28-42 wk gestation from 101 patients revealed that in normal pregnancies the creatinine concentration, lecithin/sphingomyelin (L/S) ratio and percentage of fat cells correlated better with the gestational age of the newborn, assessed by clinical criteria, than did the bilirubin and Na concentrations. A creatinine concentration of 1.75 mg/dl or more, an L/S ratio of 4 or more and a fat cell percentage of 10 or more correlated significantly with a gestational age of 37 wk or more. In abnormal pregnancies (those with obstetric or medical complications or both) the mean creatinine concentration in the amniotic fluid was significantly less than expected for gestational age in fetal dysmaturity and greater than expected when the mother had diabetes. The mean L/S ratio in the amniotic fluid was elevated when the mother had hypertension or smoked and in cases of fetal dysmaturity or long interval between rupture of the membranes and delivery; it was significantly lower than normal when the mother had diabetes. The mean bilirubin concentration in the amniotic fluid was significantly lower than normal when the mother had hypertension. When the mother had diabetes, maturity of the fetal lung, liver, skin and brain appeared to be delayed, according to the values for the amniotic fluid constituents.
Impact of the factors shaping gut microbiota on obesity$$$ Obesity is considered as a risk factor for chronic health diseases such as heart diseases, cancer and diabetes 2. Reduced physical activities, lifestyle, poor nutritional diet and genetics are among the risk factors associated with the development of obesity. In recent years, several studies have explored the link between the gut microbiome and the progression of diseases including obesity, with the shift in microbiome abundance and composition being the main focus. The alteration of gut microbiome composition affects both nutrients metabolism and specific gene expressions, thereby disturbing body physiology. Specifically, the abundance of fibre-metabolizing microbes is associated with weight loss and that of protein and fat-metabolizing bacteria with weight gain. Various internal and external factors such as genetics, maternal obesity, mode of delivery, breastfeeding, nutrition, antibiotic use and the chemical compounds present in the environment are known to interfere with the richness of the gut microbiota (GM), thus influencing weight gain/loss and ultimately the development of obesity. However, the effectiveness of each factor in potentiating the shift in microbes' abundance to result in significant changes that can lead to obesity is not yet clear. In this review, we will highlight the factors involved in shaping GM, their influence on obesity and possible interventions. Understanding the influence of these factors on the diversity of the GM and how to improve their effectiveness on disease conditions could be keys in the treatment of metabolic diseases.
Influencing factors, underlying mechanism and interactions affecting hypercholesterolemia in adult offspring with caffeine exposure during pregnancy$$$ Epidemiological surveys suggest that adult hypercholesterolemia has an intrauterine origin and exhibits gender differences. Our previous study demonstrated that adult rats with intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) offspring rats induced by prenatal caffeine exposure (PCE) had a higher serum total cholesterol (TCH) level. In this study, we aimed to analyze the influencing factors, underlying mechanism and interactions affecting hypercholesterolemia in adult offspring with caffeine exposure during pregnancy. Pregnant rats were administered caffeine (120 mg/kg d) from gestational day 11 until delivery. Offspring rats fed a normal diet or a high-fat diet (HFD) were euthanized at postnatal week 24, and blood and liver samples were collected. The results showed that PCE could increase the serum levels of TCH and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), and the hepatic expression of HMG CoA reductase (HMGCR) and apolipoprotein B (ApoB), but decreased the high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) level and the hepatic expression of scavenger receptor B1 (SR-B1) and LDL receptor (LDLR). Furthermore, PCE, HFD and gender interact with each other to influence the serum cholesterol phenotype and expression of hepatic cholesterol metabolic genes. These results suggest that the hypercholesterolemia in adult offspring rats induced by PCE mainly resulted from enhanced synthesis and the weakened reverse transport of cholesterol in the liver, furthermore HFD could aggravate this effect, which is caused by hepatic cholesterol metabolic disorders. Moreover, cholesterol metabolism in female rats was more sensitive to neuroendocrine changes and HFD than that in males. This study confirmed the influencing factors (such as a HFD and female gender) of hypercholesterolemia in IUGR offspring providing theoretical and experimental bases for the effective prevention of fetal-originated hypercholesterolemia.
Sex-specific effects of maternal dietary carbohydrate quality on fetal development and offspring metabolic phenotype in mice$$$ ObjectivesIn utero glycemia is an important determinant of fetal growth. Women with gestational diabetes are more likely to deliver large-for-gestational age babies that are at increased risk for obesity. The maternal nutritional state modulates the development of offspring biological systems during the critical periods of gestation and lactation. Carbohydrate typically contributes most of the dietary energy, however, there are very few mechanistic studies investigating the effects of maternal dietary carbohydrate quality on fetal and offspring outcomes. Therefore, we sought to investigate the direct effects of maternal carbohydrate quality on sex-specific offspring metabolic programming. MethodsFemale C57BL/6 mice were fed one of five isocaloric diets: four high-sugar diets based on glucose, sucrose, isomaltulose or fructose (all containing 60% energy as carbohydrate), or a standard, minimally processed, chow diet, and were mated with chow-fed males. Half of the dams were sacrificed for fetus dissection and placental collection, with the remaining giving live birth. All dams were metabolically profiled before and during pregnancy, and pups were similarly profiled at 12 weeks of age. ResultsOverall, glucose-fed dams were heavier and fatter than chow or isomaltulose-fed dams. Female fetuses from glucose and isomaltulose-fed mothers weighed less and had smaller livers, than those from chow-fed mothers, with isomaltulose-fed female fetuses also having decreased placental mass. In contrast, male fetuses responded differently to the maternal diets, with heart mass being significantly increased when their mothers were fed fructose-containing diets, that is, sucrose, isomaltulose and fructose. High-sugar fed female offspring weighed the same, but were significantly fatter, than chow-fed offspring at 12 weeks of age, while glucose and isomaltulose-fed male pups displayed a similar phenotype to their mothers'. ConclusionWhile both glucose and isomaltulose diets constrained fetal growth in females, only placentas from isomaltulose-fed dams were significantly smaller than those from chow-fed mothers, suggesting the mechanisms through which fetal growth is reduced may be different. Female fetuses of isomaltulose-fed mothers were also lighter than sucrose-fed fetuses suggesting the glycemic index, or rate of glucose digestion and absorption, may be an important factor in determining nutrient availability to the growing fetus.
Differential effects of prenatal stress and glucocorticoid administration on postnatal growth and glucose metabolism in rats$$$ Glucocorticoid administration during pregnancy programmes cardiovascular and metabolic functions in the adult offspring. Often, the control procedures are stressful per se and raise maternal glucocorticoid concentrations. This study compared the effects of maternal injection with dexamethasone (dex, 200 mu g/kg) or saline with no treatment from 15 to 20 days of rat pregnancy on offspring growth and glucose metabolism. Near term, maternal corticosterone concentrations were higher in the saline-treated dams and lower in the dex-treated dams relative to untreated animals. In both male and female offspring, growth rate was measured for 14 weeks, and glucose tolerance was assessed between 12 and 13 weeks together with body fat content and plasma concentrations of insulin, leptin, and corticosterone between 14 and 15 weeks. Offspring liver was collected at different ages and was analyzed for glycogen content and gluconeogenic enzyme activity. Compared with untreated animals, both dex and saline treatments altered postnatal growth although adult body weight was unaffected. The two treatments had different effects on adult insulin concentrations and on hepatic glycogen content and gluconeogenic enzyme activities both pre- and postnatally. Relative to untreated animals, adult glucose tolerance was improved by maternal saline injection in males but not in females, while it was impaired in female offspring but not in male offspring of the dex-treated dams. Adult glucose tolerance was related to male body fat content but not to female body fat content. Dex and saline treatments of pregnant rats have differential sex-linked effects on the growth and glucose metabolism of their offspring, which indicates that the programming actions of natural and synthetic glucocorticoids may differ. Journal of Endocrinology (2010) 204, 319-329
High-fat diet effects on amniotic fluid volume and amnion aquaporin expression in non-human primates$$$ Western style, high-fat diet (HFD) and associated high lipid levels have deleterious effects on fetal and placental development independent of maternal obesity and/or diabetes. Our objectives were to determine whether HFD without development of obesity would alter amniotic fluid volume (AFV) and amnion aquaporin (AQP) expression in a non-human primate model. Japanese macaques were fed either a control diet or HFD before and during pregnancy. The four quadrant amniotic fluid index (AFI) was used as an ultrasonic estimate of AFV at 120days gestation. Amnion samples were collected at 130days gestation by cesarean section and AQP mRNA levels were determined by quantitative RT-PCR. Similar to that in human, AQP1, AQP3, AQP8, AQP9, and AQP11 were expressed in the macaque amnion with significant differences in levels among AQPs. In macaque, neither individual AQPs nor expression profiles of the five AQPs differed between control and non-obese HFD animals. There were regional differences in AQP expression in that, AQP1 mRNA levels were highest and AQP8 lowest in reflected amnion while AQP3, AQP9, and AQP11 were not different among amnion regions. When subdivided into control and HFD groups, AQP1 mRNA levels remain highest in the reflected amnion of both groups. The HFD did not significantly affect the AFI, but AFI was positively correlated with AQP11 mRNA levels independent of diet. Collectively, these data suggest that HFD in pregnant non-obese individuals may have at most modest effects on AFV as the AFI and amnion AQP expression are not substantially altered.
Direct and maternal n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation improved triglyceridemia and glycemia through the regulation of hepatic and muscle sphingolipid synthesis in offspring hamsters fed a high-fat diet$$$ We recently reported that direct and maternal supplementation with n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LC-PUFA) alleviates the metabolic disturbances in adult hamster pups fed with a high-fat diet (HFD). In this study, we hypothesized that these results involved a perinatal modulating effect of sphingolipids by n-3 LC-PUFA. We studied the effect of direct and maternal n-3 LC-PUFA supplementation on sphingolipid contents in liver and muscle, hepatic triglycerides (TG) secretion and glucose tolerance. Offspring male hamsters born from supplemented (C omega) or unsupplemented (C) mothers were subjected after weaning to a HFD during 16 weeks, without (C omega-HF or C-HF) or with direct supplementation with n-3 LC-PUFA (C-HF omega). Direct supplementation decreased sphingosine, sphinganine and ceramides in liver and decreased sphingosine, sphinganine, sphingosine-1-phosphate (S1P) and ceramides in muscle in C-HF omega compared to C-HF (p < 0.05). Maternal supplementation decreased C20 ceramide and lactosylceramide in liver and sphinganine, S1P and lactosylceramide in muscle (p < 0.05). This supplementation tended to decrease glucosylceramide in liver (p < 0.06) and muscle (p < 0.07) in C omega-HF compared to C-HF. Direct supplementation increased glucose tolerance and decreased hepatic TG secretion and hepatic gene expression levels of diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase 2 (DGAT2), sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c (SREBP-1c), fatty acid synthase, stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 (SCD1) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha). Maternal supplementation decreased basal glycemia and hepatic TG secretion. We observed a positive correlation between hepatic TG secretion and hepatic ceramide (p = 0.0059), and between basal glycemia and hepatic ceramide (p = 0.04) or muscle lactosylceramide contents (p = 0.001). We observed an improvement of lipids and glucose metabolism in hamster with n-3 LC-PUFA direct supplementation and a decrease in glycemia and hepatic TG secretion with maternal supplementation. These results are probably related to a decrease in both lipogenesis and sphingolipid contents in liver and muscle.
METABOLIC STUDIES IN GESTATIONAL DIABETIC WOMEN DURING CONTRACEPTIVE TREATMENT - EFFECTS ON GLUCOSE-TOLERANCE AND FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION OF SERUM-LIPIDS$$$ Glucose tolerance test (i.v.) (IVGTT) with simultaneous assessment of plasma insulin and analyses of the fatty acid composition of serum lecithin and cholesterol esters were performed in 11 women with previous gestational diabetes before and repeatedly during 6 mo. administration of a low-dose progestogen (lynestrenol = LYN). Eight of these women were also followed in an identical manner during 6 mo. of nonhormonal contraception (intrauterine device = IUD), and 6 of these women were followed also during the use of a combined oral contraceptive (OC) (ethynyl estradiol + lynestrenol = EE + LYN). LYN did not alter the IVGTT or plasma insulin but decreased the proportion of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in serum lecithin (P < 0.01) and cholesterol esters (P < 0.01) where oleic acid was reciprocally increased (P < 0.05). After 6 mo. use of IUD, the k value of IVGTT increased by 45% (P < 0.01) without significant changes in plasma insulin. In both lecithin and cholesterol ester PUFA increased (P < 0.05) and cholesterol ester oleate decreased (P < 0.01); i.e., virtually the reversal of the changes seen during LYN administration. The combined OC, EE + LYN, caused a decrease of the k value by 27% (P < 0.05) which was apparent even when compared to the effects of LYN alone. EE + LYN also increased (P < 0.05) lecithin palmitate and decreased stearate (P < 0.05) and had a concomitant tendency to lower PUFA and increase oleic acid in both lecithin and cholesterol esters. LYN has little influence on the glucose tolerance in women predisposed to diabetes but may provide poorer conditions for dietary treatment of subclinical diabetes than do nonhormonal IUD. The combined OC, EE + LYN, promptly diminishes glucose tolerance and may have an unfavorable influence on liver metabolism.
Maternal Exercise-Induced SOD3 Reverses the Deleterious Effects of Maternal High-Fat Diet on Offspring Metabolism Through Stabilization of H3K4me3 and Protection Against WDR82 Carbonylation$$$ Preclinical studies reveal maternal exercise as a promising intervention to reduce the transmission of multigenerational metabolic dysfunction caused by maternal obesity. The benefits of maternal exercise on offspring health may arise from multiple factors and have recently been shown to involve DNA demethylation of critical hepatic genes leading to enhanced glucose metabolism in offspring. Histone modification is another epigenetic regulator, yet the effects of maternal obesity and exercise on histone methylation in offspring are not known. Here, we find that maternal high-fat diet (HFD; 60% kcal from fat) induced dysregulation of offspring liver glucose metabolism in C57BL/6 mice through a mechanism involving increased reactive oxygen species, WD repeat-containing 82 (WDR82) carbonylation, and inactivation of histone H3 lysine 4 (H3K4) methyltransferase leading to decreased H3K4me3 at the promoters of glucose metabolic genes. Remarkably, the entire signal was restored if the HFD-fed dams had exercised during pregnancy. WDR82 overexpression in hepatoblasts mimicked the effects of maternal exercise on H3K4me3 levels. Placental superoxide dismutase 3 (SOD3), but not antioxidant treatment with N-acetylcysteine was necessary for the regulation of H3K4me3, gene expression, and glucose metabolism. Maternal exercise regulates a multicomponent epigenetic system in the fetal liver resulting in the transmission of the benefits of exercise to offspring.
Clinical practice guidelines of the Team of Experts of the Polish Gynecological Society: management of the intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy$$$ Intrahepatic Cholestasis of Pregnancy (ICP) constitutes the most common, reversible liver disease closely connected with pregnancy and spontaneously resolving in puerperium. ICE usually reoccurs in consecutive pregnancies (45-90%), often in a more intensified form. Many compounds (hormones, cytokines, medicines, endotoxins) can impair transport in the hepatocyte, disturb the intracellular transport and increase the permeability of the intercellular connections. As a result, the elements of bile may appear in the peripheral blood. Gestational cholestasis constitutes a classic example of intrahepatic cholestasis. The etiology of ICE is multifactorial with hormonal, genetic and environmental factors participating in the process. The diagnosis is based on the presence of pruritus, elevated values of bile acids in the blood serum and of aminotransferases (aspartic, aminopropionic and gamma-glutamylotranspeptydase (AspAt, AlAt, GGTP)), as well as spontaneous remission in the second or third week after childbirth, of lack of other illnesses causing pruritus and icterus. Clinical and biochemical symptoms of ICE include: pruritus without skin rash (usually after 30 weeks of gestation), mild icterus, steatorrhea etc. Abnormalities in the laboratory tests of the LET (liver function tests) encompass: an increase in the serum concentration of fatty acids (BA) which can be the first and only laboratory abnormality Concentrations surpassing 10 mu mol/l are considered to be abnormal. Concentration of BA higher than 40 mu mol/l allows to recognize a case of severe ICP, connected with the risk of premature delivery presence of the meconium liquor, surgical means of delivery and low APGAR score of the newborn (<7 pt). In about 80% of pregnant women with ICP, the BA concentration ranges between 10-40 mu mol/l, but perinatal results are comparable with uncomplicated pregnancies. Some authors are of the opinion that abnormal AlAt value is the most sensitive test, other authors consider the abnormal values of alkaline phosphatase and bilirubin to be the most pathognomonic factors. Other abnormal tests include: higher activity of alpha-hydroxybutyric dehydrogenase correlated with an increase of the alkaline phosphatase and bilirubin; mild metabolic acidosis; dyslipidemia with elevated concentrations of the total lipids, total cholesterol and free LDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein; abnormal glucose tolerance test. ICP constitutes a medical problem that carries a considerable risk for the fetus, resulting from an increased flow of bile acids to the fetal blood circulation (elevated level in the amniotic fluid, in the umbilical blood serum and meconium). The risk of adverse effects for the fetus correlates with the rise of BA concentration in maternal blood serum. Cholestasis increases the risk of premature labor, presence of meconium in the amniotic fluid, fetal bradycardia, intrauterine asphyxia and stillbirth, particularly when the concentration of serum bile acids on an empty stomach is above 40 mu mol/l. However, maternal clinical signs and symptoms do not correlate with the fetal outcome. Aspiration of bile acids or their accumulation in the fetal blood circulation are responsible for the increased frequency of RDS appearing in ICP. The aim of the obstetric management of ICP is to reduce maternal symptoms and biochemical disorders and to minimize the risk of premature delivery fetal distress and sudden death. ICP management should include: bed regime, light, low-fat diet, no stress, upper abdomen ultrasound examination, LET tests and thrombotic tests once a week, monitoring of the fetal well-being with the available biophysical methods, pharmacotherapy and therapeutic termination of pregnancy in case of serious illness and/or the fetal distress. Ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) is the basis of the pharmacological treatment of pregnant women and currently constitutes the most promising treatment option of ICP UDCA is administered orally in the dosage of 10-16 mg/kg/24, what in practice means 250-300 mg/2-3 times a day.
Lactation Versus Formula Feeding: Insulin, Glucose, and Fatty Acid Metabolism During the Postpartum Period$$$ Milk production may involve a transient development of insulin resistance in nonmammary tissues to support redistribution of maternal macronutrients to match the requirements of the lactating mammary gland. In the current study, adipose and liver metabolic responses were measured in the fasting state and during a two-step (10 and 20 mU/m(2)/min) hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp with stable isotopes, in 6-week postpartum women who were lactating (n= 12) or formula-feeding (n= 6) their infants and who were closely matched for baseline characteristics (e.g., parity, body composition, and intrahepatic lipid). When controlling for the low insulin concentrations of both groups, the lactating women exhibited a fasting rate of endogenous glucose production (EGP) that was 2.6-fold greater and a lipolysis rate that was 2.3-fold greater than the formula-feeding group. During the clamp, the groups exhibited similar suppression rates of EGP and lipolysis. In the lactating women only, higher prolactin concentrations were associated with greater suppression rates of lipolysis and lower intrahepatic lipid and plasma triacylglycerol concentrations. These data suggest that whole-body alterations in glucose transport may be organ specific and facilitate nutrient partitioning during lactation. Recapitulating a shift toward noninsulin-mediated glucose uptake could be an early postpartum strategy to enhance lactation success in women at risk for delayed onset of milk production.
Insulin sensitivity linked skeletal muscle Nr4a1 DNA methylation is programmed by the maternal diet and modulated by voluntary exercise in mice$$$ Perinatal maternal high-fat consumption is known to increase the obesity and type 2 diabetes susceptibility and to impair exercise performance in the offspring. We hypothesize that epigenetic modifications in the skeletal muscle are partly responsible for this phenotype. To detect skeletal muscle genes affected by maternal nutrition, male offspring of low-fat (LF) and high-fat (HF) diet fed dams (BL6 mice) received LF diet upon weaning and were sacrificed at 6 or 25 weeks of age. Gene expression of Musculus quadriceps was investigated by microarray analysis revealing an up-regulation of the nuclear receptor Nr4a1 by maternal HF feeding. This was accompanied by promoter hypomethylation of CpG(-1408) which correlated with increased Nr4a1 gene expression at both ages. Offspring voluntary exercise training (by supplying running wheels from 7 to 25 weeks of age) normalized Nr4a1 methylation and gene expression respectively, and ameliorated the negative effects of maternal HF feeding on insulin sensitivity. Overall, Nr4a1 gene expression in skeletal muscle correlated with higher insulin levels during an oral glucose tolerance test and could, therefore, be involved in programming type 2 diabetes susceptibility in offspring exposed to perinatal high fat diet. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
BHBA regulates the expressions of lipid synthesis and oxidation genes in sheep hepatocytes through the AMPK pathway$$$ Pregnancy toxemia (PT) is the most frequent metabolic disease of sheep during late pregnancy, which can lead to enormous economic losses in sheep farm industry. However, the underlying mechanism of PT in sheep has not been fully elucidated. High levels of beta-hydroxy butyric acid (BHBA) exist in PT sheep. The AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) pathway plays a major role in regulating liver function. The aim of this study was to explore the effects of gradient concentrations of BHBA on lipid metabolism of sheep hepatocytes and the underlying molecular mechanism in vitro. The results showed that 0.6, 1.2 mmol/L BHBA could activate AMPK alpha, promoted the expressions of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPAR alpha) and its target genes, and inhibited the expressions of sterol regulatory element binding protein-1c (SREBP-1c) as well as its downstream genes. When the concentration of BHBA was beyond 1.2 mmol/L, the expressions of the above-mentioned proteins and genes were just the opposite. However, the expressions of adipose triglyceride lipase (ATGL) and hormone-sensitive lipase (HSL) did not change significantly. The levels of very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), triglyceride (TG) and cholesterol (T-CHOL) showed a gradually increasing trend with the increase of BHBA concentration. According to the results above, it demonstrates that high levels of BHBA can inhibit the expression of the AMPK pathway and cause lipid metabolism disorders in sheep hepatocytes, which may lead to the occurrence of PT.
Maternal consumption of high-prebiotic fibre or -protein diets during pregnancy and lactation differentially influences satiety hormones and expression of genes involved in glucose and lipid metabolism in offspring in rats$$$ Risk of developing the metabolic syndrome may be influenced by nutritional environment early in life. We examined the effects of high-fibre (HF) and high-protein (HP) diets consumed during pregnancy and lactation on satiety hormones and expression of genes involved in glucose and lipid metabolism in offspring. Wistar dams were fed a control (C), HF or HP diets during pregnancy and lactation. At parturition, litters were culled to ten pups. At 21 d, all pups were weaned onto C diet. At 7, 14, 21, 28 and 35 d after birth, blood was analysed for satiety hormones and tissues for mRNA expression in offspring. No differences were observed in litter size or birth weight. At 21 d, offspring of HF dams had greater adjusted intestinal mass and lower liver weight than those of C but not of HP dams. Plasma glucose at 28 d and amylin at 7, 14 and 28 d were lower in HF v. C and HP offspring. Glucagon-like peptide-1 was higher in HP offspring than in HF offspring at 7 d but was higher in HF v. C offspring at 21 d. Offspring of HF dams had higher glucose transporter (GLUT2 and Na+-dependent glucose/galactose transporter) mRNA expression at 21 d v. C and HP offspring. In brown adipose tissue, HF and HP up-regulated uncoupling protein-1 and PPAR-g coactivator. HP was associated with increased resistin and IL-6 mRNA expression. The present study demonstrates that maternal diet composition differentially regulates circulating satiety hormones and genes involved in glucose transport and energy metabolism in offspring. These early changes could have long-term consequences for obesity risk.
Inositol's and other nutraceuticals' synergistic actions counteract insulin resistance in polycystic ovarian syndrome and metabolic syndrome: state-of-the-art and future perspectives$$$ The incidence of metabolic syndrome (MetS), type II diabetes (T2D) and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) has been progressively increasing. Insulin resistance (InsR) seems to play a key role in a majority of phenotypes of these conditions, altering metabolic homeostasis, within muscle, liver, adipose and other tissues. Hyperinsulinemia is often associated with InsR and causes hormonal imbalances especially within ovaries and adrenals. Inositol is a polyalcohol, naturally occurring as nine stereoisomers, including D-chiro-inositol (DCI) and myo-inositol (MI), which have prominent roles in the metabolism of glucose and free fatty acids. MI and DCI have been classified as insulin-sensitizers and seem to adequately counteract several InsR-related metabolic alterations with a safe nutraceutical profile. Based on our analysis of selected studies that investigated MI and/or DCI, we conclude that supplementation with MI and/or DCI complement each other in their metabolic actions and act in synergy with other insulin sensitizing drugs and/or nutraceuticals. Nevertheless, considering the possible severe bias due to different methodologies across published studies, we conclude that there is a need for further studies on larger cohorts and with greater statistical power. These should further clarify outcomes and suitable therapeutic dosages of MI and DCI, possibly based on each patient's clinical status.
Maternal acute fatty liver of pregnancy associated with fetal trifunctional protein deficiency: Molecular characterization of a novel maternal mutant allele$$$ Acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP) is a devastating late gestational complication with many similarities to the inherited disorders of mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation. We report the molecular defects in a woman with AFLP and her infant who subsequently was diagnosed with trifunctional protein (TFP) deficiency. We used single-stranded conformation variance and DNA sequence analyses of the human TFP alpha-subunit gene, which encodes the long chain 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase (LCHAD) activity, to demonstrate a C to T mutation (C1678T) in exon 16 present on one allele in the mother and the affected infant, This creates a premature termination codon (R524Stop) in the LCHAD domain. Using reverse transcriptase-PCR amplification of the alpha-subunit mRNA from cultured fibroblasts, we demonstrated that transcripts containing this R524Stop mutation are present at very low levels, presumably because of rapid mRNA degradation. The affected infant also had the common E474Q mutation (nucleotide G1528C) on the second allele. Thus, he is a compound heterozygote. The father and two normal siblings are heterozygous for this E474Q mutation. This initial delineation of the R524Stop mutation provides evidence of the heterogeneity of genetic defects responsible for TFP deficiency and AFLP.
Insulin dysregulation$$$ Abnormalities of insulin metabolism include hyperinsulinaemia and insulin resistance, and these problems are collectively referred to as insulin dysregulation in this review. Insulin dysregulation is a key component of equine metabolic syndrome: a collection of endocrine and metabolic abnormalities associated with the development of laminitis in horses, ponies and donkeys. Insulin dysregulation can also accompany prematurity and systemic illness in foals. Causes of insulin resistance are discussed, including pathological conditions of obesity, systemic inflammation and pituitary pars intermedia dysfunction, as well as the physiological responses to stress and pregnancy. Most of the discussion of insulin dysregulation to date has focused on insulin resistance, but there is increasing interest in hyperinsulinaemia itself and insulin responses to feeding. An oral sugar test or in-feed oral glucose tolerance test can be performed to assess insulin responses to dietary carbohydrates, and these tests are now recommended for use in clinical practice. Incretin hormones are likely to play an important role in postprandial hyperinsulinaemia and are the subject of current research. Insulin resistance exacerbates hyperinsulinaemia, and insulin sensitivity can be measured by performing a combined glucose-insulin test or i.v. insulin tolerance test. In both of these tests, exogenous insulin is administered and the rate of glucose uptake into tissues measured. Diagnosis and management of hyperinsulinaemia is recommended to reduce the risk of laminitis. The term insulin dysregulation is introduced here to refer collectively to excessive insulin responses to sugars, fasting hyperinsulinaemia and insulin resistance, which are all components of equine metabolic syndrome.
Adiponectin Deficiency Alters Placenta Function but Does Not Affect Fetal Growth in Mice$$$ Adiponectin administration to pregnant mice decreases nutrient transport and fetal growth. An adiponectin deficiency, on the other hand, as seen in obese women during pregnancy, alters fetal growth; however, the mechanism is unclear. To determine the role of adiponectin on placenta function and fetal growth, we used adiponectin knockout, adiponectin heterozygote that displays reduced adiponectin levels, and wild-type mice on a control diet or high fat/high sucrose (HF/HS) diet. Triglycerides (TGs) in the serum, liver, and placenta were measured using colorimetric assays. Gene expression was measured using quantitative RT-PCR. Adiponectin levels did not affect fetal weight, but it reduced adiponectin levels, increased fetal serum and placenta TG content. Wildtype dams on a HF/HS diet protected the fetuses from fatty acid overload as judged by increased liver TGs in dams and normal serum and liver TG levels in fetuses, while low adiponectin was associated with increased fetal liver TGs. Low maternal adiponectin increased the expression of genes involved in fatty acid transport; Lpl and Cd36 in the placenta. Adiponectin deficiency does not affect fetal growth but induces placental dysfunction and increases fetal TG load, which is enhanced with obesity. This could lead to imprinting effects on the fetus and the development of metabolic dysfunction in the offspring.
Brown adipose tissue in prepubertal children: associations with sex, birthweight, and metabolic profile$$$ Background/Objectives Individuals born small-for-gestational age (SGA), especially those who experience postnatal catch-up growth, are at increased risk for developing endocrine-metabolic abnormalities before puberty. In adults, brown adipose tissue (BAT) has been associated with protection against metabolic disorders, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, and dyslipidaemia. Here, we assessed for the first time whether BAT activation differs between prepubertal children born SGA or appropriate-for-gestational age (AGA). Subjects/methods The study population consisted of 86 prepubertal children [41 AGA and 45 SGA; age (mean +/- SEM), 8.5 +/- 0.1 years], recruited into two prospective longitudinal studies assessing endocrine-metabolic status and body composition in infancy and childhood. The temperature at the supraclavicular region (SCR) before and after a cold stimulus was measured by infrared thermal imaging, and the area of thermally active SCR (increase after cold challenge, Delta Area(SCR)) was calculated as a surrogate index of BAT activation. The results were correlated with clinical, endocrine-metabolic, and inflammation variables, and with visceral and hepatic adiposity (assessed by Magnetic Resonance Imaging). Results No differences in BAT activation index, as judged by Delta Area(SCR), were found between AGA and SGA children. However, girls showed higher baseline and post-cold induction Area(SCR) than boys (both p <= 0.01). An interaction between gender and birth weight subgroup was observed for BAT activation; AGA girls increased significantly the Delta Area(SCR) as compared to AGA boys; this increase did not occur in SGA girls vs SGA boys. Cold-induced Delta Area(SCR) negatively correlated with HOMA-IR, us-CRP, liver volume, and liver fat. Conclusions Prepubertal AGA girls had significantly greater BAT activation index as compared to AGA boys; this difference was not observed in SGA subjects. Higher BAT activation associated with a lower amount of visceral fat and with a favorable metabolic profile. Long-term follow-up is needed to determine whether those differences relate to pubertal timing, and to the development of obesity and metabolic disorders.
Strategies for Feeding the Preterm Infant$$$ According to many experts in neonatal nutrition, the goal for nutrition of the preterm infant should be to achieve a postnatal growth rate approximating that of the normal fetus of the same gestational age. Unfortunately, most preterm infants, especially those born very preterm with extremely low birth weight, are not fed sufficient amounts of nutrients to produce normal fetal rates of growth and, as a result, end up growth-restricted during their hospital period after birth. Growth restriction is a significant problem, as numerous studies have shown definitively that undernutrition, especially of protein, at critical stages of development produces long-term short stature, organ growth failure, and both neuronal deficits of number and dendritic connections as well as later behavioral and cognitive outcomes. Furthermore, clinical follow-up studies have shown that among infants fed formulas, the nutrient content of the formula is directly and positively related to mental and motor outcomes later in life. Nutritional requirements do not stop at birth. Thus, delaying nutrition after birth 'until the infant is stable' ignores the fundamental point that without nutrition starting immediately after birth, the infant enters a catabolic condition, and catabolism does not contribute to normal development and growth. Oxygen is necessary for all metabolic processes. Recent trends to limit oxygen supply to prevent oxygen toxicity have the potential, particularly when the blood hemoglobin concentration falls to less than 8 g/dl, to develop growth failure. Glucose should be provided at 6-8 mg/min/kg as soon after birth as possible and adjusted according to frequent measurements of plasma glucose to achieve and maintain concentrations >45 mg/dl but <120 mg/dl to avoid the frequent problems of hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia. Similarly , lipid is required to provide at least 0.5 g/kg/day to prevent essential fatty acid deficiency. However, the high rate of carbohydrate and lipid supply that preterm infants often get, based on the incomplete assumption that this is necessary to promote protein growth, tends to produce increased fat in organs like the liver and heart as well as adipose tissue. More and better essential fatty acid nutrition is valuable, but more organ and adipose fat has no known benefit and many problems. Amino acids and protein are essential not only for body growth but for metabolic signaling, protein synthesis, and protein accretion. 3.5-4.0 g/kg/day are necessary to produce normal protein balance and growth in very preterm infants. Attempts to promote protein growth with insulin has many problems - it is ineffective while contributing to even further organ and adipose tissue fat deposition. Enteral feeding always is indicated and to date nearly all studies have shown that minimal enteral feeding approaches (e. g., 'trophic feeds') promote the capacity to feed enterally. Milk has distinct advantages over formulas in avoiding necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC), and while feeding is associated with NEC, minimal enteral feeding regimens produce less NEC than those geared towards more aggressive introduction of enteral feeding. Finally, overfeeding has the definite potential to produce adipose tissue, or obesity, which then leads to insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, and diabetes. This scenario occurs more commonly as infants are fed more and gain weight more rapidly after birth, regardless of their birth weight. Infants with IUGR and postnatal growth failure may be uniquely 'set up' for this outcome, while infants with in utero obesit, such as infants of diabetic mothers, already are well along this adverse outcome pathway. Copyright (C) 2008 S. Karger AG, Basel
Prenatal EGCG consumption causes obesity and perturbs glucose homeostasis in adult mice$$$ Epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG) has a wide consumption for its health advantages. The current study investigates the effects of prenatal EGCG administration on glucose metabolism and obesity in adulthood. Pregnant C57BL/6J mice were supplemented with EGCG in drinking water (3 itg/mL) for 16 d. Abdominal obesity was observed in both male and female adult mice, which was associated with the upregulation of adipose-specific genes, including Ciebpot and Srebfl (Srebfl only in males), and the downregulation of genes related to lipolysis, such as Acoxi, Atgl and Pdk4 (only in males) in visceral adipose tissue. Elevated fasting glucose levels and hyperinsulinemia were observed in adult males, while females exhibit lower glucose level in glucose tolerance test, which might be due to reduced glucagon levels. Though hepatic expression of the insulin receptor signaling pathway was upregulated in males and was not altered in females, prenatal treatment with EGCG downregulated the expression of this signaling pathway in the skeletal muscle of adult mice, which was further demonstrated in primary human skeletal muscle cells treated with EGCG. The methylation levels in promotor of genes related to the insulin receptor signaling were matched with their transcription in mice, while the expression of acetylated histones was downregulated in human skeletal muscle cells. These results suggest that EGCG consumption during pregnancy should be a risk factor for the disruption of glucose homeostasis in adulthood. (C) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Folic Acid and Protein Content in Maternal Diet and Postnatal High-Fat Feeding Affect the Tissue Levels of Iron, Zinc, and Copper in the Rat$$$ Although maternal, fetal, and placental mechanisms compensate for disturbances in the fetal environment, any nutritional inadequacies present during pregnancy may affect fetal metabolism, and their consequences may appear in later life. The aim of the present study is to investigate the influence of maternal diet during gestation on Fe, Zn, and Cu levels in the livers and kidneys of adult rats. The study was carried out on the offspring (n = 48) of mothers fed either a protein-balanced or a protein-restricted diet (18% vs. 9% casein) during pregnancy, with or without folic acid supplementation (0.005- vs. 0.002-g folic acid/kg diet). At 10 weeks of age, the offspring of each maternal group were randomly assigned to groups fed either the AIN-93G diet or a high-fat diet for 6 weeks, until the end of the experiment. The levels of Fe, Zn, and Cu in the livers and kidneys were determined by the F-AAS method. It was found that postnatal exposure to the high-fat diet was associated with increased hepatic Fe levels (p < 0.001), and with decreased liver Zn and Cu contents (p < 0.01 and p < 0.05, respectively), as well as with decreased renal Cu contents (p < 0.001). Moreover, the offspring's tissue mineral levels were also affected by protein and folic acid content in the maternal diet. Both prenatal protein restriction and folic acid supplementation increased the liver Zn content (p < 0.05) and the kidney Zn content (p < 0.001; p < 0.05, respectively), while folic acid supplementation resulted in a reduction in renal Cu level (p < 0.05). Summarizing, the results of this study show that maternal dietary folic acid and protein intake during pregnancy, as well as the type of postweaning diet, affect Fe, Zn, and Cu levels in the offspring of the rat. However, the mechanisms responsible for this phenomenon are unclear, and warrant further investigation.
Is programming of glucocorticoid receptor expression by prenatal dexamethasone in the rat secondary to metabolic derangement in adulthood?$$$ Objective: Glucocorticoids may contribute to the association between retarded growth in utero and insulin resistance in adulthood. Administration of dexamethasone (dex) to pregnant rats results in low birth weight offspring, which develop glucose intolerance, hyperinsulinaemia and hypercorticosteronaemia. This may be explained by tissue-specific differences in expression of glucocorticoid receptors (GR) in adult offspring: GR is increased in visceral fat and liver, and decreased in hippocampus and soleus muscle. However, cause and effect between altered GR expression, hypercorticosteronaemia, and hyperinsulinaemia remains to be established. Design and methods: Rats were treated with dex (100 mug/kg per day) or saline during the third week of pregnancy. In 5-8-month-old male offspring, GR expression in insulin target tissues was quantified by RNase protection assay in rats that were adrenalectomised (ADX group), sham operated (SHAM group), or adrenalectomised with supra-physiological corticosterone replacement (CORT group) (n = 7-8 per group), and in rats treated orally with vehicle, metformin (43 mg/kg per day) or rosiglitazone (1 mg/kg per day), after 3 weeks. Results: Manipulation of corticosterone concentration did not affect GR mRNA in skeletal muscle or adipose. In liver, sham-operated animals showed lower GR mRNA, but there was no difference between adrenalectomised and hypercorticosteronaemic animals (SHAM 0.11+/-0.01 ratio to beta-actin, vs ADX 0.22+/-0.02, CORT 0.23+/-0.02, (values expressed as means+/-S.E.M.), P < 0.001). Rosiglitazone reduced GR mRNA by similar to 30% in liver of dex- and saline-treated offspring (P < 0.05), but had no effect on GR in adipose and skeletal muscle. Metformin abolished the 38% up-regulation of liver GR mRNA induced by antenatal dex and also reduced GR mRNA preferentially in muscle of dex-treated animals (0.14+/-0.01 vs 0.10+/-0.01; P = 0.03). Conclusions: We conclude that neither hypercorticosteronaemia nor hyperinsulinaemia are sufficient to cause the changes in GR expression in dex-programmed rats, implying that these changes may be primary in determining the programmed insulin resistant phenotype. Normalisation of GR expression by metformin may be important in the mode of action of this anti-diabetic agent and may be especially useful to reverse-programmed up-regulation of GR.
Cardiometabolic health in adults born with very low birth weight-a sibling study$$$ BACKGROUND: Preterm survivors have increased risk for impaired cardiometabolic health. We assessed glucose regulation and cardiometabolic biomarkers in adult very low birth weight (VLBW, <1500 g) survivors, using siblings as controls.METHODS: VLBW-participants were matched with term-born, same-sex siblings. At mean age 29.2 years (SD 3.9), 74 VLBW-adults and 70 siblings underwent a 2-h 75 g oral glucose tolerance test and blood tests for assessment of cardiometabolic biomarkers.RESULTS: Of participants, 23 (31%) VLBW and 11 (16%) sibling-controls met World Health Organization criteria for impaired glucose regulation (OR adjusted for age and sex 2.5, 95% CI: 1.1 to 5.8).Adjusting for age and sex, VLBW-participants showed 9.2% higher 2-h glucose (95% CI: 0.4% to 18.8%) than their siblings. Also, fasting (13.4%, -0.3% to 29.0%) and 2-h free fatty acids (15.6%, -2.4% to 36.9%) were higher in VLBW-participants. These differences were statistically significant only after further adjusting for confounders. No statistically significant differences were found regarding other measured biomarkers, including insulin resistance, atherogenic lipid profiles or liver tests.CONCLUSIONS: VLBW-adults showed more impaired fatty acid metabolism and glucose regulation. Differences in cardiometabolic biomarkers were smaller than in previous non-sibling studies. This may partly be explained by shared familial, genetic, or environmental factors.
Lower birth weight associated with current overweight status is related with the metabolic syndrome in obese Japanese children$$$ The purpose of this study was to clarify the relationship between lower birth weight and current overweight status and to examine the involvement of these factors in the development of the metabolic syndrome (MS) in obese Japanese children. We examined 97 obese boys (mean age 11.3 years; mean percentage overweight [POW] 52.4%) and 29 obese girls (mean age 11.1 years; mean POW 58.3%). The anthropometric measurements, blood pressure, fasting serum insulin and blood glucose, liver enzymes, lipids and lipoproteins were measured. Birth weight and gestational weeks were also recorded. The subjects were divided into either an MS group or a Non-MS group using criteria proposed for Japanese children. We compared the weight parameters (birth weight, current weight and current weight-to-birth weight ratio [WBWR]) between the two groups and analyzed the relationships between the weight parameters and metabolic derangements. There were no significant differences in age or anthropometric measurements between the two groups. However, birth weight in the MS group was lower than that in the Non-MS group, while WBWR of the MS group was higher than that in the Non-MS group. Blood pressure and serum insulin correlated positively with WBWR. These findings suggested that lower birth weight with current overweight status was associated with the MS in obese Japanese children. We were unable to clarify whether subjects with lower birth weight who achieved proper weight gains had the same risk as subjects with appropriate birth weight. However, they should be assisted to grow adequately to prevent future metabolic derangements.
Metabolic perturbations in pregnant rats exposed to low-dose perfluorooctanesulfonic acid: An integrated multi-omics analysis$$$ Emerging epidemiological evidence has linked per-and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) exposure could be linked to the disturbance of gestational glucolipid metabolism, but the toxicological mechanism is unclear, especially when the exposure is at a low level. This study examined the glucolipid metabolic changes in pregnant rats treated with relatively low dose perfluorooctanesulfonic acid (PFOS) through oral gavage during pregnancy [gestational day (GD): 1-18]. We explored the molecular mechanisms underlying the metabolic perturbation. Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and biochemical tests were performed to assess the glucose homeostasis and serum lipid profiles in pregnant Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats randomly assigned to starch, 0.03 and 0.3 mg/kg.bw.d groups. Transcriptome sequencing combined with non-targeted metabolomic assays were further performed to identify differentially altered genes an d metabolites in the liver of maternal rats, and to determine their corre-lation with the maternal metabolic phenotypes. Results of transcriptome showed that differentially expressed genes at 0.03 and 0.3 mg/kg.bw.d PFOS exposure were related to several metabolic pathways, such as peroxi-some proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) signaling, ovarian steroid synthesis, arachidonic acid metabolism, insulin resistance, cholesterol metabolism, unsaturated fatty acid synthesis, bile acid secretion. The untargeted metabolomics identified 164 and 158 differential metabolites in 0.03 and 0.3 mg/kg.bw.d exposure groups, respectively under negative ion mode of Electrospray Ionization (ESI-), which could be enriched in metabolic pathways such as alpha-linolenic acid metabolism, glycolysis/gluconeogenesis, glycerolipid metabolism, glucagon signaling pathway, glycine, serine and threonine metabolism. Co-enrichment analysis indicated that PFOS exposure may disturb the metabolism pathways of glycerolipid, glycolysis/gluconeogenesis, linoleic acid, steroid biosynthesis, glycine, serine and threonine. The key involved genes included down-regulated Ppp(1)r(3)c and Abcd(2), and up-regulated Ogdhland Ppp(1)r(3)g, and the key metabolites such as increased glycerol 3-phosphate and lac-tosylceramide were further identified. Both of them were significantly associated with maternal fasting blood glucose (FBG) level. Our findings may provide mechanistic clues for clarifying metabolic toxicity of PFOS in human, especially for susceptible population such as pregnant women.
Nutrigenetic and Epigenetic Mechanisms of Maternal Nutrition-Induced Glucolipid Metabolism Changes in the Offspring$$$ Maternal nutrition during pregnancy regulates the offspring's metabolic homeostasis, including insulin sensitivity and the metabolism of glucose and lipids. The fetus undergoes a crucial period of plasticity in the uterus; metabolic changes in the fetus during pregnancy caused by maternal nutrition not only influence fetal growth and development but also have a long-term or even life-long impact for the offspring. Epigenetic modifications, such as DNA methylation, histone modification, and non-coding RNAs, play important roles in intergenerational and transgenerational effects. In this context, this narrative review comprehensively summarizes and analyzes the molecular mechanisms underlying how maternal nutrition, including a high-fat diet, polyunsaturated fatty acid diet, methyl donor nutrient supplementation, feed restriction, and protein restriction during pregnancy, impacts the genes involved in glucolipid metabolism in the liver, adipose tissue, hypothalamus, muscle, and oocytes of the offspring in terms of the epigenetic modifications. This will provide a foundation for the further exploration of nutrigenetic and epigenetic mechanisms for integrative mother-child nutrition and promotion of the offspring's health through the regulation of maternal nutrition during pregnancy. Note: This paper is part of the Nutrition Reviews Special Collection on Precision Nutrition.
Abdominal adipose tissue and liver fat imaging in very low birth weight adults born preterm: birth cohort with sibling-controls$$$ Preterm birth at very low birth weight (VLBW, < 1500 g) is associated with an accumulation of cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors from childhood at least to middle age. Small-scale studies suggest that this could partly be explained by increased visceral or ectopic fat. We performed magnetic resonance imaging on 78 adults born preterm at VLBW in Finland between 1978 and 1990 and 72 term same-sex siblings as controls, with a mean age of 29 years. We collected T1-weighted images from the abdomen, and magnetic resonance spectra from the liver, subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue, and tibia. The adipose tissue volumes of VLBW adults did not differ from their term siblings when adjusting for age, sex, and maternal and perinatal factors. The mean differences were as follows: subcutaneous - 0.48% (95% CI - 14.8%, 16.3%), visceral 7.96% (95% CI - 10.4%, 30.1%), and total abdominal fat quantity 1.05% (95% CI - 13.7%, 18.4%). Hepatic triglyceride content was also similar. VLBW individuals displayed less unsaturation in subcutaneous adipose tissue (- 4.74%, 95% CI - 9.2%, - 0.1%) but not in tibial bone marrow (1.68%, 95% CI - 1.86%, 5.35%). VLBW adults displayed similar adipose tissue volumes and hepatic triglyceride content as their term siblings. Previously reported differences could thus partly be due to genetic or environmental characteristics shared between siblings. The VLBW group displayed less unsaturation in subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue, suggesting differences in its metabolic activity and energy storage.
Carnitine in pregnancy$$$ By the 12(th) week of gestation, mean whole blood and plasma carnitine levels are already significantly (p < 0.01) lower than those of controls, with a further significant (p < 0.01) decrease up to parturition. Diminished carnitine levels may cause a downregulation of carnitine palmitoyltransferase1 (CPTI), both the liver isoform (CPT1A) and muscle isoform (CPT1B), carnitine palmitoyltransferase2 (CPT2), and carnitine acetyltransferase (CRAT) in white blood cells of pregnant women, as determined by real time PCR using the LightCyclerSYBR Green technology. L-Carnitine-L-tartrate supplementation of 2 g/d resulted in an up to 10-fold increase of the relative mRNA abundances of CPT1B, CPT2, and OCTN2 and a 5-fold increase of CPT1A, and CRAT. There is a relationship between the relative mRNA levels of CPT1A and CPT1B and the FFA plasma levels. The substitution of 2 g L-carnitine-L-tartrate/d resulted in significant (p < 0.001) lower FFA levels compared to untreated controls and the groups substituted with 0.5 and 1 g L-carnitine/d although plasma carnitine levels were not significantly increased. The most substantial effect was the reduced portion of acylcarnitines on total carnitine in those women receiving 2 g L-carnitine-L-tartrate. Carnitine substitution resulted in an enhanced excretion of both, free carnitine and acylcarnitines, whereas acetylcarnitine accounts for 50-65% of total acylcarnitines. The results of the present study provide evidence that L-carnitine supplementation in pregnancy in sufficient doses avoids a striking increase of plasma FFAs, which are thought to be the main cause of insulin resistance and consequently gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).
Maternal high-calorie diet is associated with altered hepatic microRNA expression and impaired metabolic health in offspring at weaning age$$$ High-calorie diet (HCD) feeding in mice predisposes offspring for impaired glucose homeostasis and obesity. However, the mechanisms underlying these detrimental effects of maternal nutrition, especially during early life of offspring, are incompletely understood. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs that can regulate target gene expression. Here we hypothesized that impaired metabolic health in offspring from HCD-fed dams at weaning is associated with dysregulated expression of hepatic miRNAs. Dams were fed a chow diet (CD; 11.4 % kcal fat, 62.8 % from carbohydrate, 25.8 % from protein) or HCD (58 % kcal from fat; 25.6 % from carbohydrate, 16.4 % from protein) during gestation and lactation, and metabolic health was assessed in male offspring at weaning. Hepatic levels of miRNAs and target genes were investigated in offspring from CD- or HCD-fed dams using gene and protein expression. Maternal HCD feeding impaired metabolic health in offspring compared to offspring from CD-fed dams. Microarray analysis indicated that expressions of miR-615-5p, miR-3079-5p, miR-124*, and miR-101b* were downregulated, whereas miR-143* was upregulated, in livers from offspring from HCD-fed dams. Our functional enrichment analysis indicated that the target genes of these differentially expressed miRNAs, including tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and mitogen-activated protein kinase 1 (MAPK1), were mapped to inflammatory pathways. Finally, we verified that both mRNA and protein levels of the pro-inflammatory modulators TNF-alpha and MAPK1 were significantly increased in livers of offspring from HCD-fed dams at weaning. Maternal HCD feeding predisposes offspring to a higher body weight and impaired glucose metabolism at weaning. To the best of knowledge, our study is the first to show that maternal HCD consumption impairs metabolic health, modulates hepatic miRNA expression, and increases markers of hepatic inflammation in offspring as early as at weaning age.
A prospective case-control study on miRNA circulating levels in subjects born small for gestational age (SGA) evaluated from childhood into young adulthood$$$ Objective microRNAs (miRNAs) associated with metabolic risk have never been extensively investigated in SGA subjects. The aim of the current study was to evaluate miRNAs in SGA and AGA subjects and their relationships with the metabolic status and growth. Design and methods A prospective longitudinal case-control study was performed in 23 SGA with postnatal catch-up growth and 27 AGA subjects evaluated at the age of 9 and 21 years. Circulating levels of miR-122-5p, miR-16-5p, miR-126-3p, and miR-486-5p were assessed by qPCR. Results SGA subjects were shorter both at 9 and at 21 years. No significant differences in insulin like growth factors and metabolic profile were found with the exception of basal glycemia at 9 years. miRNA levels did not differ between SGA and AGA subjects, at 9 and 21 years. miR16-5p and miR-126-3p levels were higher at 9 than at 21 years. In SGA subjects, miR-122-5p at 9 years was inversely related to adiponectin levels at 21 years and miR-486-5p at 9 years was inversely related to whole-body insulin sensitivity at 9 years and directly related to Hb1Ac at 21 years. Regression analyses showed no predictive value of miRNAs for growth parameters in neither SGA nor AGA subjects. Conclusions SGA with postnatal catch-up growth did not show any difference in metabolic risk markers or miRNA circulating levels compared to AGA controls in childhood and young adulthood. miR-122-5p during childhood could identify SGA subjects at higher risk of developing insulin resistance and, eventually, type 2 diabetes in adulthood but further studies are needed to confirm it.
High Iron Exposure from the Fetal Stage to Adulthood in Mice Alters Lipid Metabolism$$$ Iron supplementation is recommended during pregnancy and fetal growth. However, excess iron exposure may increase the risk of abnormal fetal development. We investigated the potential side effects of high iron levels in fetuses and through their adult life. C57BL/6J pregnant mice from 2 weeks of gestation and their offspring until 30 weeks were fed a control (CTRL, FeSO4 0 g/1 kg) or high iron (HFe, FeSO4 9.9 g/1 kg) diets. HFe group showed higher iron accumulation in the liver with increased hepcidin, reduced TfR1/2 mRNAs, and lowered ferritin heavy chain (FTH) proteins in both liver and adipose tissues despite iron loading. HFe decreased body weight, fat weight, adipocyte size, and triglyceride levels in the blood and fat, along with downregulation of lipogenesis genes, including PPAR gamma, C/EBP alpha, SREBP1c, FASN, and SCD1, and fatty acid uptake and oxidation genes, such as CD36 and PPAR alpha. UCP2, adiponectin, and mRNA levels of antioxidant genes such as GPX4, HO-1, and NQO1 were increased in the HFe group, while total glutathione was reduced. We conclude that prolonged exposure to high iron from the fetal stage to adulthood may decrease fat accumulation by altering ferritin expression, adipocyte differentiation, and triglyceride metabolism, resulting in an alteration in normal growth.
Nutrition and reproduction in women$$$ Malnutrition is a major problem in developing countries, and obesity and eating disorders are increasingly common in developing as well as developed countries. The reproductive axis is closely linked to nutritional status, especially undernutrition in the female, and inhibitory pathways involving detectors in the hind brain suppress ovulation in subjects with weight loss. Recovery may occur after minimal reacquisition of weight because energy balance is more important than body fat mass. Anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa affect up to 5% of women of reproductive age causing amenorrhoea, infertility and, in those who do conceive, an increased likelihood of miscarriage. Obesity can affect reproduction through fat cell metabolism, steroids and secretion of proteins such as leptin and adiponectin and through changes induced at the level of important homeostatic factors such as pancreatic secretion of insulin, androgen synthesis by the ovary and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) production by the liver. WHO estimates that 9 to 25% of women in developed countries are severely obese, and obese mothers are much more likely to have obese children, especially if they have gestational diabetes. Obesity-associated anovulation may lead to infertility and to a higher risk of miscarriage. Management of anovulation with obesity involves diet and exercise as well as standard approaches to ovulation induction. Many obese women conceive without assistance, but pregnancies in obese women have increased rates of pregnancy-associated hypertension, gestational diabetes, large babies, Cesarean section and perinatal mortality and morbidity. Among contraceptors, the fear of weight gain affects uptake and continuation of hormonal contraceptives, although existing trials indicate that any such effects are small. For all methods of hormonal contraception, weight above 70 kg is associated with increased failure rates.
Circulating low-density lipoprotein ceramide concentrations increase in Holstein dairy cows transitioning from gestation to lactation$$$ Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) ceramide causes insulin resistance in obese diabetic nonruminants. Because previous work suggests that liver-derived ceramide may impair insulin action in postpartum cows, our objectives were to characterize peripartal changes in lipoprotein ceramides. We further studied the effects of prepartum adiposity on lipoprotein ceramide levels. Twenty-eight pregnant Holstein cows (parity = 3.65 +/- 1.62) with lean (body condition score, BCS = 2.97 +/- 0.16; body weight, BW = 630 +/- 55.2 kg; n = 15) or overweight (BCS = 3.93 +/- 0.27; BW - 766 +/- 46.1 kg; n = 13) body condition 28 d before expected parturition were evaluated. Sampling occurred on d -20.5 +/- 1.74, -13.8 +/- 1.71, -7.84 +/- 4.07, -6.71 +/- 1.00, - 3.92 +/- 0.64, and -1.28 +/- 0.61 (before parturition); daily until d 8 postpartum; and on d 10, 12, 14, 21, and 28. Adipose tissue and liver were biopsied on d - 7.84 +/- 4.07 and 10. Postpartum insulin sensitivity was assessed using the hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp. Lipoprotein fractions were isolated using liquid chromatography. Sphingolipids were quantified using mass spectrometry. Data were analyzed using a mixed model with repeated measures. Overweight cows had a higher BCS and BW at enrollment relative to lean cows, but BCS and BW were similar postpartum. Overweight cows lost more body condition (0.97 +/- 0.36 vs. 0.55 +/- 0.16 BCS units) and BW (291 +/- 67.3 vs. 202 +/- 54.5 kg) during transition relative to lean cows. Adipocyte volume and counts declined from prepartum to postpartum (50.4 and 13.7%, respectively), and adipocyte volume was greater (48.2%) in overweight cows prepartum relative to lean cows. Although DMI was comparable between BCS groups, milk yield tended to be greater in overweight cows. Plasma free fatty acid and 3-hydroxybutyrate and liver lipid levels were 40, 16, and 37% greater, respectively, in overweight cows compared with lean cows. Glucose infusion rate during the hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp tended to be lower in overweight cows. Ceramide levels within triacylglycerol-rich lipoprotein fractions declined postpartum, whereas LDL ceramide increased postpartum. Overweight cows had lower triacylglycerol-rich lipoprotein C16:0-ceramide levels relative to lean cows. Prepartum LDL C24:0-ceramide levels were greater in overweight cows relative to lean cows. Independent of prepartum adiposity, we concluded that serum LDL ceramide levels are elevated in early-lactation cows experiencing adipose tissue free fatty acid mobilization and hepatic steatosis.
Fetal growth restriction, catch-up growth and the early origins of insulin resistance and visceral obesity$$$ There is an association between growing slowly before birth, accelerated growth in early postnatal life and the emergence of insulin resistance, visceral obesity and glucose intolerance in adult life. In this review we consider the pathway through which intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) leads to the initial increase in insulin sensitivity and to catch-up growth. We also discuss the importance of the early insulin environment in determining later visceral adiposity and the intrahepatic mechanisms that may result in the emergence of glucose intolerance in a subset of IUGR infants. We present evidence that a key fetal adaptation to poor fetal nutrition is an upregulation of the abundance of the insulin receptor in the absence of an upregulation of insulin signalling in fetal skeletal muscle. After birth, however, there is an upregulation in the abundance of the insulin receptor and the insulin signalling pathway in the IUGR offspring. Thus, the origins of the accelerated postnatal growth rate experienced by IUGR infants lie in the fetal adaptations to a poor nutrient supply. We also discuss how the intracellular availability of free fatty acids and glucose within the visceral adipocyte and hepatocyte in fetal and neonatal life are critical in determining the subsequent metabolic phenotype of the IUGR offspring. It is clear that a better understanding of the relative contributions of the fetal and neonatal nutrient environment to the regulation of key insulin signalling pathways in muscle, visceral adipose tissue and the liver is required to support the development of evidence-based intervention strategies and better outcomes for the IUGR infant.
Intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids and risk of preclinical and clinical type 1 diabetes in children-a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background/objectives The association between the intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and the risk of preclinical and clinical type 1 diabetes (T1D) in children has generated conflicting results. Thus, we aimed to evaluate the definite effects of PUFAs on the risk of preclinical and clinical T1D. Subjects/methods Three databases were systematically searched up to July 18, 2017 to identify relevant observational studies, without language restriction. Any study included should report the risk of preclinical or clinical T1D in children with PUFAs supplementation compared with the controls, and report relative risks (RRs) or odds ratios (ORs) or provide data for estimation. Pooled RRs (or ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated using random-effects models irrespective of statistical heterogeneity assessed by I-2 statistic. Results We identified seven studies (three prospective cohort studies and four case-control studies) on PUFAs intake during pregnancy or during early life in children. The pooled RR between the risk of preclinical T1D and n-3 PUFAs supplementation against controls was 0.98 (95% CI, 0.85-1.13), with no heterogeneity. The results were similar after the intake during pregnancy, but not during early life in children (pooled RR, 0.45; 95% CI, 0.21-0.96; P = 0.039). N-3 PUFAs supplementation was not associated with a significant reduction in the risk of clinical T1D in children (pooled RR, 0.87; 95% CI, 0.71-1.08), with substantial heterogeneity(I-2 = 64.7%). No association was also found between n-6 PUFAs intake and the risk of preclinical (1.07; 0.97-1.017) or clinical T1D (1.05; 0.92-1.20) in children. Conclusions The result of the meta-analysis does not support that n-3 or n-6 PUFAs supplementation in children affects the overall risk of preclinical or clinical T1D. However, n-3 PUFAs intake in early life might reduce the risk of preclinical T1D. Therefore, this finding should be verified by more and well-designed prospective research in the future.
p38γ and p38δ regulate postnatal cardiac metabolism through glycogen synthase 1$$$ During the first weeks of postnatal heart development, cardiomyocytes undergo a major adaptive metabolic shift from glycolytic energy production to fatty acid oxidation. This metabolic change is contemporaneous to the up-regulation and activation of the p38 gamma and p38 delta stress-activated protein kinases in the heart. We demonstrate that p38 gamma/delta contribute to the early postnatal cardiac metabolic switch through inhibitory phosphorylation of glycogen synthase 1 (GYS1) and glycogen metabolism inactivation. Premature induction of p38 gamma/delta activation in cardiomyocytes of newborn mice results in an early GYS1 phosphorylation and inhibition of cardiac glycogen production, triggering an early metabolic shift that induces a deficit in cardiomyocyte fuel supply, leading to whole-body metabolic deregulation and maladaptive cardiac pathogenesis. Notably, the adverse effects of forced premature cardiac p38 gamma/delta activation in neonate mice are prevented by maternal diet supplementation of fatty acids during pregnancy and lactation. These results suggest that diet interventions have a potential for treating human cardiac genetic diseases that affect heart metabolism.
<i>In utero</i> and lactational exposure to 2,3,7, 8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin modulates dysregulation of the lipid metabolism in mouse offspring fed a high-calorie diet$$$ Exposure to environmental chemicals, including dioxins, is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus in humans. This study explored the hypothesis that in utero and lactational exposure to 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD), the most toxic congener among dioxins, aggravates this disease state later in adulthood. Pregnant C57Bl/6J mice were administered either a single oral dose of TCDD (3.0 mu gkg(-1) body weight) or corn oil on gestational day 12.5. The male pups born to these two groups of dams were given either a regular diet or a high-calorie diet, after postnatal day (PND) 28. The four groups of investigated offspring were thus termed T-R (TCDD regular diet), T-H (TCDD high-calorie diet), V-R (vehicle regular diet), and V-H (vehicle high-calorie diet). The mice were regularly monitored for body weight, blood pressure and glucose, until they reached 26weeks of age. Mice in the V-H group were significantly obese at weeks 15 and 26, but they exhibited no diabetes-associated signs of insulin resistance or hypertension. However, metabolic syndrome-related alterations with marginal signs of liver damage were found at week 26. Pronounced signs of dysregulated lipid metabolism with altered gene expression and liver inflammation were already present at week 15, whereas such alterations were suppressed in the T-H group. Although the mechanism is unclear, this study showed that in utero and lactational exposure to low-dose TCDD does not aggravate obesity-induced disease states, such as adult-onset diabetes, but instead attenuates the dysregulation of lipid metabolism brought on by a high-calorie diet. Copyright (c) 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Mid- to late-gestational maternal nutrient restriction followed by realimentation alters development and lipid composition of liver and skeletal muscles in ovine fetuses$$$ Maternal nutrient restriction during gestation adversely affects offspring growth and development of liver and skeletal muscle tissues. Realimentation following nutrient restriction may alleviate these negative impacts on development but may alter metabolism and tissue composition. Forty-eight ewes, pregnant with singletons, were fed to meet 100% National Research Council (NRC) recommendations starting at the beginning of gestation. On day 50 of gestation, seven ewes were euthanized (BASE), and fetal liver, skeletal muscles, and blood samples were collected. The remaining animals were fed either 100% of NRC recommendations (CON) or 60% NRC recommendations (RES), a subset were euthanized at day 90 of gestation (n = 7/treatment), and fetal samples were collected. Remaining ewes were maintained on the current diet (CON-CON, n = 6; RES-RES, n = 7) or switched to the alternate diet (CON-RES, RES-CON; n = 7/treatment). On day 130 of gestation, the remaining ewes were euthanized, and fetal samples were collected. At day 130 of gestation, maternal nutrient restriction during late-gestation (RES-RES and CON-RES) decreased fetal liver weight (P < 0.01) and cross-sectional area in triceps brachii (P = 0.01; TB), longissimus dorsi (P = 0.02; LM), and semitendinosus (P = 0.05; STN) muscles. Maternal nutrient restriction during mid-gestation increased hepatocyte vacuole size at day 130 of gestation. Late-gestational maternal nutrient restriction increased mRNA expression of insulin-like growth factor (IGF) binding protein-1 (P < 0.01), glycogen synthase 2 (P = 0.01; GYS2), and pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase 1 (P < 0.01; PDHK1) in the liver and IGF receptor 1 (P = 0.05) in the LM. Lipid concentration in the LM was decreased by late-gestational nutrient restriction (P = 0.01) and increased by mid-gestational nutrient restriction in STN (P = 0.03) and TB (P < 0.01). Principal component analysis of lipidomics data demonstrated clustering of principal components by day of gestation and elastic net regression identified 50, 44, and 29 lipids that classified the treatments in the fetal liver, LM, and blood, respectively. In conclusion, restricting maternal nutrition impacts fetal liver and muscle morphology, gene expression, and lipid metabolism, whereas realimentation attenuated some of these effects. Therefore, realimentation may be a viable strategy to reduce the impacts of nutrient restriction, but can lead to alterations in lipid metabolism in sheep.
Maternal high-fat diet induces obesity and adrenal and thyroid dysfunction in male rat offspring at weaning$$$ Maternal nutritional status affects the future development of offspring. Both undernutrition and overnutrition in critical periods of life (gestation or lactation) may cause several hormonal changes in the pups and programme obesity in the adult offspring. We have shown that hyperleptinaemia during lactation results in central leptin resistance, higher adrenal catecholamine secretion, hyperthyroidism, and higher blood pressure and heart rate in the adult rats. Here, we evaluated the effect of a maternal isocaloric high-fat diet on breast milk composition and its impact on leptinaemia, energy metabolism, and adrenal and thyroid function of the offspring at weaning. We hypothesised that the altered source of fat in the maternal diet even under normal calorie intake would disturb the metabolism of the offspring. Female Wistar rats were fed a normal (9% fat; C group) or high-fat diet (29% fat as lard; HF group) for 8 weeks before mating and during pregnancy and lactation. HF mothers presented increased total body fat content after 8 weeks (+27%, P < 0.05) and a similar fat content at the end of lactation. In consequence, the breast milk from the HF group had higher concentration of protein (+18%, P < 0.05), cholesterol (+52%, P < 0.05) and triglycerides (+86%, P < 0.05). At weaning, HF offspring had increased body weight (+53%, P < 0.05) and adiposity (2 fold, P < 0.05), which was associated with lower beta 3-adrenoreceptor content in adipose tissue (-40%, P < 0.05). The offspring also presented hyperglycaemia (+30%, P < 0.05) and hyperleptinaemia (+62%, P < 0.05). In the leptin signalling pathway in the hypothalamus, we found lower p-STAT3/STAT3 (-40%, P < 0.05) and SOCS3 (-55%, P < 0.05) content in the arcuate nucleus, suggesting leptin resistance. HF offspring also had higher adrenal catecholamine content (+17%, P < 0.05), liver glycogen content (+50%, P < 0.05) and hyperactivity of the thyroid axis at weaning. Our results suggest that a high fat diet increases maternal body fat and this additional energy is transferred to the offspring during lactation, since at weaning the dams had normal fat and the pups were obese. The higher fat and protein concentrations in the breast milk seemed to induce early overnutrition in the HF offspring. In addition to storing energy as fat, the HF offspring had a larger reserve of glycogen and hyperglycaemia that may have resulted from increased gluconeogenesis. Hyperleptinaemia may stimulate both adrenal medullary and thyroid function, which may contribute to the development of cardiovascular diseases. These early changes induced by the maternal high-fat diet may contribute to development of metabolic syndrome.
Maternal High-Fat Diet Programs for Metabolic Disturbances in Offspring despite Leptin Sensitivity$$$ A fatty diet during pregnancy in mouse dams causes metabolic abnormalities (similar to metabolic syndrome in humans) in the rodents' offspring. We tested the hypothesis that the offspring of dams fed a high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation develop metabolic abnormalities and leptin resistance. Pregnant C57BL/6 mice (n = 20) were fed either standard chow (SC; 19% fat) or a high-fat diet (HF; 49% fat). After weaning, male offspring were divided into four groups, according to the diet of dams and offspring: SC(dams)/SC(offspring), SC/HF, HF/SC and HF/HF (n = 30/group). For a metabolic analysis, we evaluated body mass, fat mass depots, blood plasma and adipocyte structure at 12 weeks of age. To analyse leptin sensitivity, each group was divided into two groups (vehicle or leptin) to identify the feeding response and pSTAT3 expression after acute intra-cerebroventricular (ICV) treatment. The offspring of mothers fed a high-fat diet presented increased body mass and visceral fat, adipocyte hypertrophy and insulin resistance. This phenotype was not associated with central leptin resistance. Thus, maternal programming by HF predisposes offspring to metabolic abnormalities despite leptin sensitivity. Copyright (C) 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel
Glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) drives postprandial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia in pregnant women with a history of Roux-en-Y gastric bypass operation$$$ Background: The influential role of incretin hormones on glucose metabolism in patients with a history of Rouxen-Y gastric bypass (RYGB) has been investigated thoroughly, but there has been little examination of the effect of incretins and ectopic lipids on altered glucose profiles, especially severe hypoglycemia in pregnant women with RYGB. Methods: In this prospective clinical study, an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), an intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT), and continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) were conducted in 25 women with RYGB during pregnancy, 19 of normal weight (NW) and 19 with obesity (OB) between the 24th and the 28th weeks of pregnancy, and 3 to 6 months post-partum. Post-partum, the ectopic lipid content in the liver, heart, and skeletal muscle was analyzed using H-1-magnetic resonance spectroscopy (H-1-MRS). Results: RYGB patients presented with major fluctuations in glucose profiles, including a high occurrence of postprandial hyperglycemic spikes and hypoglycemic events during the day, as well as a high risk of hypoglycemic periods during the night (2.9 +/- 1.1% vs. 0.1 +/- 02% in the OB and vs. 0.8 +/- 0.6% in the NW groups, p < 0.001). During the extended OGTT, RYGB patients presented with exaggerated expression of GLP-1, which was the main driver of the exaggerated risk of postprandial hypoglycemia in a time-lagged correlation analysis. Basal and dynamic GLP-1 levels were not related to insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, or beta cell function and did not differ between pregnant women with and without GDM. A lower amount of liver fat (2.34 +/- 5.22% vs.5.68 +/- 4.42%, p = 0.015), which was positively related to insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, HOMA-IR: rho = 0.61, p = 0.002) and beta-cell function (insulinogenic index: rho = 0.65, p = 0.001), was observed in the RYGB group after delivery in comparison to the OB group. Conclusion: GLP-1 is mainly involved in the regulation of postprandial glucose metabolism and therefore especially in the development of postprandial hypoglycemia in pregnant RYGB patients, who are characterized by major alterations in glucose profiles, and thus in long-term regulation, multiple organ-related mechanisms, such as the lipid content in the liver, must be involved. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A high multivitamin diet fed to Wistar rat dams during pregnancy increases maternal weight gain later in life and alters homeostatic, hedonic and peripheral regulatory systems of energy balance$$$ High multivitamin (10-fold, HV) and high folic acid (Fol) diets fed to pregnant Wistar rats increase body weight and characteristics of the metabolic syndrome in their offspring. Our objective was to determine the effects of a HV maternal diet on dams and whether methyl vitamins contribute to these effects. Pregnant Wistar rats were fed AIN-93G diets containing either (1) recommended multivitamins (RV, control), (2) HV, (3) HV with recommended Fol (HVRF; 1-fold Fol), or (4) RV with high methyl group vitamins (HMethyl; 10-fold Fol, vitamin B-12 and B-6). All groups were fed a RV diet during lactation until weaning and a RV high fat (HF; 60% fat) diet for 16 weeks post-weaning. The HV, HVRF and HMethyl diet fed dams gained 45% more weight from 2 to 15 weeks post-weaning and their weight gain (WG) was positively associated with cumulative post-weaning food intake (Fl). However, only HV dams had a reduced preference for a sucrose solution, lower mesolimbic dopamine (DA) turnover in the nucleus accumbens (NAc), and higher expression of several genes involved in Fl regulation in the arcuate nucleus of the hypothalamus (ARC). Energy conserving peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (Ppar)-gamma in adipose and -alpha in liver was also greater in these dams consistent with their WG. In conclusion, HV, HVRF and HMethyl maternal diets exacerbate maternal WG when dams are exposed to a HF diet post-weaning. However, the diets differed in their effects on central and peripheral regulatory systems of energy balance. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Impact of <i>Leuconostoc</i> SD23 intake in obese pregnant rats: benefits for maternal metabolism$$$ Maternal obesity (MO) during pregnancy and lactation leads to maternal and offspring metabolic dysfunction. Recent research has suggested that probiotics might be a novel approach to counteract these unwanted MO effects. The aim of this research was to analyze the impact ofLeuconostocSD23, a probiotic isolated from aguamiel (traditional Mexican drink), on MO metabolism in rats at the end of lactation (21 days). From weaning through lactation, control female Wistar rats (C) ate chow (5% fat) or high-energy obesogenic diet (MO; 25% fat). Half the C and MO mothers received a daily dose (1 x 10(10) CFU/ml) of probiotic orally, control with probiotic (CP) and MO with probiotic (MOP), 1 month before mating and through pregnancy and lactation. Histological analyses of the liver, white adipose tissue and small intestine, body composition, glucose, insulin, triglycerides, and leptin were determined in mothers at the end of lactation. Maternal weight during pregnancy was greater in MO than C mothers, but similar at the end of lactation. Probiotic intervention had no effect on maternal weight. However, at the end of lactation, percentage of body fat was higher in MO than C, CP, and MOP. Serum glucose, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, and triglycerides were higher in MO versus C, CP, and MOP. MO small intestine villus height was higher versus MOP, C, and CP.LeuconostocSD23 did not present adverse effects in C. Conclusions: maternal administration ofLeuconostocSD23 has beneficial effects on maternal metabolism, which holds possibilities for preventing adverse offspring metabolic programming.
Metabolic programming of adipose tissue structure and function in male rat offspring by prenatal undernutrition$$$ Background: A number of different pathways to obesity with different metabolic outcomes are recognised. Prenatal undernutrition in rats leads to increased fat deposition in adulthood. However, the form of obesity is metabolically distinct from obesity induced through other pathways (e.g. diet-induced obesity). Previous rat studies have shown that maternal undernutrition during pregnancy led to insulin hyper-secretion and obesity in offspring, but not to systemic insulin resistance. Increased muscle and liver glycogen stores indicated that glucose is taken up efficiently, reflecting an active physiological function of these energy storage tissues. It is increasingly recognised that adipose tissue plays a central role in the regulation of metabolism and pathophysiology of obesity development. The present study investigated the cell size and endocrine responsiveness of subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue from prenatally undernourished rats. We aimed to identify whether these adipose tissue depots contribute to the altered energy metabolism observed in these offspring. Methods: Adipocyte size was measured in both subcutaneous (ScAT) and retroperitoneal adipose tissue (RpAT) in male prenatally ad libitum fed (AD) or prenatally undernourished (UN) rat offspring. Metabolic responses were investigated in adipose tissue explants stimulated by insulin and beta(3) receptor agonists ex vivo. Expression of markers of insulin signalling was determined by Western blot analyses. Data were analysed by unpaired t-test or Two Way ANOVA followed by Fisher's PLSD post-hoc test, where appropriate. Results: Adipocytes in offspring of undernourished mothers were larger, even at a lower body weight, in both RpAT and ScAT. The insulin response of adipose tissue was reduced in ScAT, and statistically absent in RpAT of UN rats compared with control. This lack of RpAT insulin response was associated with reduced expression of insulin signalling pathway proteins. Adrenergic receptor-driven lipolysis was observed in both adipose depots; however insulin failed to express its anti-lipolytic effect in RpAT in both, AD and UN offspring. Conclusions: Metabolic dysregulation in offspring of undernourished mothers is mediated by increased adipocyte size and reduced insulin responsiveness in both ScAT and especially in RpAT. These functional and morphological changes in adipocytes were accompanied by impaired activity of the insulin signalling cascade highlighting the important role of different adipose tissue depots in the pathogenesis of metabolic disorders.
Maternal choline modifies fetal liver copper, gene expression, DNA methylation, and neonatal growth in the tx-j mouse model of Wilson disease$$$ Maternal diet can affect fetal gene expression through epigenetic mechanisms. Wilson disease (WD), which is caused by autosomal recessive mutations in ATP7B encoding a biliary copper transporter, is characterized by excessive hepatic copper accumulation, but variability in disease severity. We tested the hypothesis that gestational supply of dietary methyl groups modifies fetal DNA methylation and expression of genes involved in methionine and lipid metabolism that are impaired prior to hepatic steatosis in the toxic milk (tx-j) mouse model of WD. Female C3H control and tx-j mice were fed control (choline 8 mmol/Kg of diet) or choline-supplemented (choline 36 mmol/Kg of diet) diets for 2 weeks throughout mating and pregnancy to gestation day 17. A second group of C3H females, half of which were used to cross foster tx-j pups, received the same diet treatments that extended during lactation to 21 d postpartum. Compared with C3H, fetal tx-j livers had significantly lower copper concentrations and significantly lower transcript levels of Cyclin D1 and genes related to methionine and lipid metabolism. Maternal choline supplementation prevented the transcriptional deficits in fetal tx-j liver for multiple genes related to cell growth and metabolism. Global DNA methylation was increased by 17% in tx-j fetal livers after maternal choline treatment (P < 0.05). Maternal dietary choline rescued the lower body weight of 21 d tx-j mice. Our results suggest that WD pathogenesis is modified by maternal in utero factors, including dietary choline.
MEDICAL ASPECTS OF KETONE-BODY METABOLISM$$$ Ketone bodies are produced in the liver, mainly from the oxidation of fatty acids, and are exported to peripheral tissues for use as an energy source. They are particularly important for the brain, which has no other substantial non-glucose-derived energy source. The 2 main ketone bodies are 3-hydroxybutyrate (3HB) and acetoacetate (AcAc). Biochemically, abnormalities of ketone body metabolism can present in 3 fashions: ketosis, hypoketotic hypoglycemia, and abnormalities of the 3HB/AcAc ratio. Normally, the presence of ketosis implies 2 things: that lipid energy metabolism has been activated and that the entire pathway of lipid degradation is intact. In rare patients, ketosis reflects an inability to utilize ketone bodies. Ketosis is normal during fasting, after prolonged exercise, and when a high-fat diet is consumed. During the neonatal period, infancy and pregnancy, times at which Lipid energy metabolism is particularly active, ketosis develops readily. Pathologic causes of ketosis include diabetes, ketotic hypoglycemia of childhood, corticosteroid or growth hormone deficiency, intoxication with alcohol or salicylates, and several inborn errors of metabolism. The absence of ketosis in a patient with hypoglycemia is abnormal and suggests the diagnosis of either hyperinsulinism or an inborn error of fat energy metabolism. An abnormal elevation of the 3HB/AcAc ratio usually implies a non-oxidized state of the hepatocyte mitochondrial matrix resulting from hypoxia-ischemia or other causes. We summarize the differential diagnosis of abnormalities of ketone body metabolism, as well as pertinent recent advances in research.
Differential effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids on sterol synthesis rates in adult and fetal tissues of the hamster: consequence of altered sterol balance$$$ Cholesterol is necessary for the proper growth and development of the fetus. Consequently, disruptions in cholesterol biosynthesis lead to abnormal fetal development. It has been shown that in cells exposed to polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), the expressions of genes and activities of enzymes involved in cholesterol synthesis are reduced. Similarly, we found that adult male hamsters fed PUFA-enriched diets had an approximate to60% reduction in in vivo hepatic sterol synthesis rates. If fetal tissues respond to PUFA in the same manner as do adult livers, then maternal dietary PUFA could lead to a reduction in fetal sterol synthesis rates and possibly abnormal development. To investigate the impact of maternal dietary fatty acids on fetal sterol synthesis rates, female hamsters were fed diets enriched in various fatty acids before and throughout gestation. In vivo sterol synthesis rates were measured in fetuses at mid- and late gestation. At both gestational stages, dietary PUFA had no effect on fetal sterol synthesis rates. This lack of effect was not a consequence of a lack of PUFA enrichment in fetal fatty acids or the lack of PUFA receptor expression in the fetus. We hypothesize that the fetus may experience a dysregulation of sterol synthesis as the result of the fetus being in a negative sterol balance; the PUFA-induced suppression of sterol synthesis in the adult male hamster liver was ablated by creating a net negative sterol balance across the adult hepatocyte.
High-Esterified Pectin Reverses Metabolic Malprogramming, Improving Sensitivity to Adipostatic/Adipokine Hormones$$$ Detrimental metabolic programming has become a determinant factor in obesity propensity and the development of metabolic disorders; therefore, the search of nutritional strategies to reverse it is very relevant. Pectin is a prebiotic with health-promoting effects, such as control of glucose homeostasis and lipid metabolism, although other possible health effects and the prevention of obesity have been poorly studied. We studied the effects of chronic physiological supplementation with high-esterified pectin (HEP) in the reversion of metabolic nutrition-sensitive malprogramming associated with gestational undernutrition. As a model of nutrition-sensitive malprogramming, we used the progeny of rats with mild calorie restriction (CR) during pregnancy and analyzed their performance under metabolic stress (high-sucrose diet). We focused on the study of the sensitivity to the main adipostatic/adipokine hormones, i.e., leptin, insulin, and adiponectin, at both peripheral (liver and circulating parameters) and central (hypothalamus) levels. Our main findings suggest that chronic HEP supplementation is able to prevent weight/fat gain, to substantially reverse the detrimental malprogramming caused by the CR condition, to improve general health circulating markers, to modulate oxidative/lipogenic balance in the liver and energy metabolism regulators in the hypothalamus, and to restore/improve adipostatic/adipokine sensitivity affected by maternal calorie restriction, both peripherally and centrally. HEP stands out as a food component potentially useful against the development of metabolic disorders and obesity.
The association between perinatal factors and cardiometabolic risk factors in children and adolescents with overweight or obesity: A retrospective two-cohort study$$$ BackgroundChildren with obesity have an increased risk of cardiometabolic risk factors, but not all children carry a similar risk. Perinatal factors, i.e., gestational age (GA) and birth weight for GA, may affect the risk for metabolic complications. However, there are conflicting data whether the association between birth size and cardiometabolic risk factors is independent among children with obesity. Moreover, differential effects of GA and birth weight for GA on cardiometabolic risk factors in pediatric obesity are still unexplored. We aimed to investigate the association between birth weight for GA and cardiometabolic risk factors in children and adolescents with overweight or obesity and to assess whether the association is modified by prematurity. Methods and findingsWe conducted a retrospective study of 2 cohorts, using data from the world's 2 largest registers of pediatric obesity treatment-The Swedish childhood obesity treatment register (BORIS) and The Adiposity Patients Registry (APV) (1991 to 2020). Included were individuals with overweight or obesity between 2 to 18 years of age who had data of birth characteristics and cardiometabolic parameters. Birth data was collected as exposure variable and the first reported cardiometabolic parameters during pediatric obesity treatment as the main outcome. The median (Q1, Q3) age at the outcome measurement was 11.8 (9.4, 14.0) years. The main outcomes were hypertensive blood pressure (BP), impaired fasting glucose, elevated glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), elevated total cholesterol, elevated low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, elevated triglycerides, decreased high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and elevated transaminases. With logistic regression, we calculated the odds ratio (OR) and its 95% confidence interval (CI) for each cardiometabolic parameter. All the analyses were adjusted for sex, age, degree of obesity, migratory background, and register source.In total, 42,760 (51.9% females) individuals were included. Small for GA (SGA) was prevalent in 10.4%, appropriate for GA (AGA) in 72.4%, and large for GA (LGA) in 17.2%. Most individuals (92.5%) were born full-term, 7.5% were born preterm. Median (Q1, Q3) body mass index standard deviation score at follow-up was 2.74 (2.40, 3.11) units. Compared with AGA, children born SGA were more likely to have hypertensive BP (OR = 1.20 [95% CI 1.12 to 1.29], p < 0.001), elevated HbA1c (1.33 [1.06 to 1.66], p = 0.03), and elevated transaminases (1.21 [1.10 to 1.33], p < 0.001) as well as low HDL (1.19 [1.09 to 1.31], p < 0.001). On the contrary, individuals born LGA had lower odds for hypertensive BP (0.88 [0.83 to 0.94], p < 0.001), elevated HbA1c (0.81 [0.67 to 0.97], p < 0.001), and elevated transaminases (0.88 [0.81 to 0.94], p < 0.001). Preterm birth altered some of the associations between SGA and outcomes, e.g., by increasing the odds for hypertensive BP and by diminishing the odds for elevated transaminases. Potential selection bias due to occasionally missing data could not be excluded. ConclusionsAmong children and adolescents with overweight/obesity, individuals born SGA are more likely to possess cardiometabolic risk factors compared to their counterparts born AGA. Targeted screening and treatment of obesity-related comorbidities should therefore be considered in this high-risk group of individuals. Author summary Why was this study done? Pediatric obesity and born small for gestational age (SGA) are 2 risk factors for cardiometabolic disorders.There are conflicting data regarding whether the association between birth size and cardiometabolic risk factors in childhood is independent or mediated by adiposity.Differential effects of SGA and preterm birth on cardiometabolic risk factors in pediatric obesity are unknown. What did the researchers do and find? Using data from the world's 2 largest registers of pediatric obesity treatment, we investigated the association between SGA and cardiometabolic risk factors among children with overweight or obesity and explored whether the association between SGA and cardiometabolic risk factors was modified by preterm birth.Compared with appropriate for gestational age (GA), children with overweight/obesity born SGA were, independent of sex, age, and degree of obesity, more likely to have elevated blood pressure, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), and transaminases as well as low high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol.Preterm birth modified some of the associations between SGA and outcomes, e.g., by increasing the odds for elevated blood pressure and by diminishing the odds for elevated transaminases. What do these findings mean? In pediatric obesity treatment, early screening and treatment of obesity-related comorbidities should be considered in children who are born SGA.
Maternal Supplementation with a Cocoa Extract during Lactation Deeply Modulates Dams' Metabolism, Increases Adiponectin Circulating Levels and Improves the Inflammatory Profile in Obese Rat Offspring$$$ High-flavonoid cocoa consumption has been associated with beneficial properties. However, there are scarce data concerning the effects of maternal cocoa intake on dams and in their progeny. Here, we evaluated in rats whether maternal supplementation with a high-flavan-3-ol cocoa extract (CCX) during lactation (200 mg.kg(-1).day(-1)) produced beneficial effects on dams and in their normoweight (STD-CCX group) and cafeteria-fed obese (CAF-CCX group) adult male offspring. Maternal intake of CCX significantly increased the circulating levels of adiponectin and decreased the mammary gland lipid content of dams. These effects were accompanied by increased energy expenditure and circulating free fatty acids, as well as by a higher expression of lipogenic and adiponectin-related genes in their mammary glands, which could be related to a compensatory mechanism to ensure enough lipid supply to the pups. CCX consumption programmed both offspring groups towards increased plasma total adiponectin levels, and decreased liver weight and lean/fat ratio. Furthermore, CAF-CCX progeny showed an improvement of the inflammatory profile, evidenced by the significant decrease of the monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) circulating levels and the mRNA levels of the gene encoding the major histocompatibility complex, class II invariant chain (Cd74), a marker of M1 macrophage phenotype, in the epididymal white adipose tissue. Although further studies are needed, these findings can pave the way for using CCX as a nutraceutical supplement during lactation.
Antidiabetic Potential of Flavonoids from Traditional Chinese Medicine: A Review$$$ Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a group of metabolic disorders in which high blood sugar levels occur over a prolonged period. Approximately 4% of the global population is affected by DM. Western medical treatment methods for diabetes including injection or oral hypo-glycemic drugs have some toxic or side effects, economic pressures, and so on. Many researchers turn to discover new drugs from natural products or Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM). Flavonoids are widely distributed in plants, and many studies have shown that flavonoids possess antidiabetic properties, exhibiting not only well-recognized antidiabetic and hypoglycemic activities but also activity in the treatment of diabetic complications. In this review, we systematically summarized anti-diabetic flavonoid compounds based on structure classification by examining the PubMed, Springer Link, Web of Science, and CNKI databases. There are 13 flavonoid compounds listed which have been studied extensively and have antidiabetic features respectively. Apigenin, baicalein, and catechin mainly reduces blood glucose via anti-oxidation; hesperidin is good for diabetic neuropathy; glycyrrhiza flavonoids have a significant effect on gestational DM; quercetin takes advantage of crossing the blood-brain barrier and improving renal function. Some compounds have protective and preventive effects on diabetic complications, such as kaempferol and puerarin which are beneficial to cardiomyopathy; myricetin has therapeutic potential in the treatment of DN; dihydromyricetin might improve CI. It is a pity or might be a pointcut that most studies remain in the animal experimental stage, and further investigation should be carried out.
Temporal gene expression profiling of liver from periparturient dairy cows reveals complex adaptive mechanisms in hepatic function$$$ Long-term molecular adaptations in liver from high-producing dairy cows are virtually unknown. Liver from five Holstein cows was biopsied at -65, -30, -14, +1, +14, +28, and +49 days relative to parturition for transcript profiling using a microarray consisting of 7,872 annotated cattle cDNA inserts. More than 5,000 cDNA elements represented on the microarray were expressed in liver. From this set we identified 62 differentially expressed genes related to physiological state, with a false discovery rate threshold of P = 0.20. The dominant expression pattern consisted of upregulation from day -30 through day -1, followed by downregulation through day +28. There was a threefold decrease from day -65 through day +14 in expression of IGFBP3, GSTM5, and PDPK1. These genes mediate IGF-I transport, oxidative stress, and glucose homeostasis, respectively. IGFBP3, EIF4B, and GSTM5 mRNA levels were positively correlated with blood serum total protein. Correlation analysis showed positive associations between serum nonesterified fatty acids and mRNA expression for SAA1, CPT1A, ACADVL, and TFAP2A. Transcript levels of ACSL1, PPARA, and TFAP2A were positively correlated with serum beta-hydroxybutyrate. Expression patterns for certain genes (e.g., IGFBP3, HNF4A, GPAM) revealed adaptations commencing well ahead of parturition, suggesting they are regulated by factors other than peri-parturient hormonal environment. Results provide evidence that hepatic inflammatory responses occurring near parturition initiate or augment adipose catabolism. In this context, cytokines, acute-phase proteins, and serum nonesterified fatty acids are key players in periparturient cow metabolism. We propose a model for integrating gene expression, metabolite, and liver composition data to explain physiological events in placenta, adipose, and liver during the periparturient period.
Maternal folate deficiency and metabolic dysfunction in offspring$$$ The importance of folate during pregnancy was established more than 80 years ago by Lucy Wills' ground-breaking studies of tropical macrocytic anaemia. More recently, it has become apparent that the adverse consequences of inadequate nutrient supply during early developmental may be exacerbated by over-nutrition postnatally. The present paper aims to review recent evidence that maternal methyl donor (notably folate) supply peri-conceptually and during pregnancy has long-term effects on offspring (metabolic) health. In addition, we propose the hypothesis that epigenetic mechanisms, especially DNA methylation, may mediate the effects of these early life nutritional insults. We discuss evidence from a natural experiment in human subjects which provides proof of principle for the hypothesis. We describe an attempt to test this hypothesis using a mouse model in which female C57Bl/6 mice were randomised to low or normal folate diets prior to, and during, pregnancy and lactation. Low maternal folate supply resulted in offspring that were more susceptible to detrimental metabolic effects of a high-fat diet fed from weaning, manifested as increased circulating TAG concentration. Interestingly, this metabolic phenotype in adult offspring occurred without any detectable change in adiposity, suggesting a different aetiological origin from the more commonly reported observation that maternal undernutrition leads to increased offspring adiposity and to symptoms of the Metabolic Syndrome. The widespread prevalence of overweight and obesity and of folate deficiency among women of child-bearing age highlights the possibility that this double nutritional insult may exacerbate the risk of metabolic disease in their offspring.
INTERMEDIARY METABOLISM IN PREGNANCY - 1ST-THEME OF THE FREINKEL ERA$$$ During the first half of gestation in the rat, maternal net body weight increases rapidly, whereas in the second half of gestation, the mass of maternal structures declines, coincident with the rate of maternal fat accumulation. Enhanced maternal food intake, extrahepatic tissue lipoprotein lipase (LPL) activity, and adipose tissue lipogenesis are responsible for the progressive accumulation of maternal fat. However, during late gestation, decreased fat synthesis in maternal adipose tissue, enhanced lipolytic activity, and decreased LPL activity deplete maternal fat depots. These changes, plus enhanced endogenous production of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins, are also responsible for maternal hypertriglyceridemia. This condition benefits the offspring in two ways: 1) enhanced LPL activity in maternal liver when fasting increases triglyceride consumption for ketone body synthesis, giving the basis for accelerated starvation; and 2) induction of LPL activity in the mammary gland before parturition diverts maternal circulating triglycerides to milk synthesis in preparation for lactation. The magnitude of the maternal-fetal glucose transfer was higher than that of any of the other substrates studied, including alanine, and despite actions to spare glucose, this transfer causes maternal hypoglycemia, which is especially intense in the fasting condition. This increases sympathoadrenal activity in the mother, which may contribute to her active gluconeogenesis. Glycerol was a more efficient glucose precursor than alanine and pyruvate, and whereas glycerol placental transfer is very small, it is proposed that the fetus benefits from this product of adipose tissue lipolysis when it is previously converted into glucose. In thyroidectomized pregnant rats treated with thyroxine for different periods, restraining maternal accumulation of fat depots during the early part of gestation compromises the normal metabolic adaptations during late gestation, including the capacity for accelerated starvation, which negatively affects fetal development.
Altering the representation of hormones and adding consideration of gestational metabolism in a metabolic cow model reduced prediction errors$$$ The model of R. L. Baldwin predicts various aspects of digestion and metabolism in the cow including nutrient partitioning between milk and body stores. However, prediction bias has been observed for body weight (BW) and body condition score (BCS) when diets of differing energy density are simulated over long periods. Originally, the model overpredicted BW loss in early lactation and gain in late lactation. This bias was reversed and limited to early lactation when a better representation of milk synthesis capacity was introduced into the model. It was hypothesized that a better representation of the effects of energy status on anabolic and catabolic hormones and a more complete representation of metabolic demands and growth associated with pregnancy would help in improving predictions of body tissue mobilization in early lactation. Providing independent glucose reference points and independent sensitivity scalars for the 3 hormones driven by glucose concentrations improved overall model precision. These improvements were primarily realized through reductions in prediction errors for blood glucose concentrations and BCS. In both cases, slope bias associated with the predictions was reduced, indicating that the changes in representation were beneficial although BCS bias was not completely removed. Milk component yields were predicted with slightly greater mean and slope bias. The addition of enhanced pregnancy calculations did not provide apparent additional benefit relative to model prediction errors. However, the data used for the assessments did not include observations from the last 60 d of gestation, where BW gain and metabolic demand associated with pregnancy would be expected to be greater. Improvements in BCS were not observed when the revised model was tested using an independent data set. Predictions of blood fatty acids, the rate of BCS and BW loss, and milk fat yields in early lactation were still inappropriate and require further work. The results could be caused by inaccurate early lactation intakes, the aggregated representation of blood fatty acids, or an inadequate representation of peripheral insulin resistance during early lactation.
Hematological and biochemical findings in pregnant, postfoaling, and lactating jennies$$$ The aims of this study were to (1) verify if significant changes occur in hematological and biochemical parameters in jennies during the last 2 months of pregnancy and the first 2 months of lactation, and (2) determine any differences with mares. Hematological and biochemical parameters were evaluated in jennies every 15 days during late pregnancy, parturition, and early lactation. The Kolmogorov Smirnov test, analysis of variance for repeated measurements and Tukey's multiple comparison test as post hoc were applied. The significance level was set at P < 0.05. Statistical analysis showed differences related to time for Red Blood Cells (RBC) count and Hematocrit (HCT), White Blood Cells (WBC) count, platelet count (PLT), total proteins, blood urea, triglycerides and total cholesterol concentrations, aspartate aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyltransferase, creatine-phosphokinase activities, sodium (Na) and potassium (K). RBC and HCT were higher in late pregnancy than at foaling and during lactation. The relative anemia might be due to increased water ingestion because of fluid losses. The WBC count was higher at foaling than during late pregnancy and lactation. This could be related to the release of cortisol and catecholamine during delivery. The PLT trend showed lower values from delivery to the first 2 months of lactation compared to late gestation. Blood urea increased near parturition, and then remained constant during delivery and lactation, which might be due to the high energy demand at the beginning of lactation. Triglycerides and total cholesterol showed a decrease from delivery through the lactation period. Thus, jennies seem to have a similar metabolism of fats to ponies and draft horse mares, characterized by a greater fat content and mobilization than light breed horses. Aspartate aminotransferase activity decreased at parturition and early lactation, probably because of a predominance of anabolic over catabolic processes during pregnancy. Gamma-glutamyltransferase activity was lower at delivery and during lactation than at late gestation. This could be due to a physiological load on the liver in the perinatal period. Gamma-glutamyltransferase activity was always higher than in mares, but within the normal range for adult donkeys. Creatine-phosphokinase decreased near delivery, then was constant from parturition through the first 2 months of lactation. Na decreased during lactation, probably due to an increased renal retention mediated by aldosterone release during pregnancy. K showed the same trend as Na, and concentrations are in line with the species. The higher K during pregnancy may be due to reabsorption by the gut. Total proteins decreased more during the postpartum period and lactation than in the gestational period. In conclusion, our results showed significant changes in hematological and biochemical parameters in jennies during the last 2 months of pregnancy and the first 2 months of lactation and these changes are only partially comparable to mares. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Gestational Protein Restriction in Mice Has Pronounced Effects on Gene Expression in Newborn Offspring's Liver and Skeletal Muscle$$$ Protective Effect of Taurine; We examined gene expression changes in liver and skeletal muscle of newborn mice subjected to a maternal low protein (LP) or normal protein (NP) diet during pregnancy, with or without taurine supplementation in the drinking water. LP offspring had a 40% lower birthweight than NP offspring, whereas it was reduced by only 20% with taurine supplementation. Microarray gene expression analysis revealed si.anificant changes in 2012 genes in liver and 967 genes in skeletal muscle of LP offspring. By unknown mechanisms, taurine partially or fully prevented 30 and 46% of these expression changes, respectively. Mitochondrial genes, in particular genes associated with oxidative phosphorylation, were more abundantly changed in LP offspring, with primarily up-regulation in liver but down-regulation in skeletal muscle. In both tissues, citrate synthase activity remained unchanged. Taurine preferentially rescued chances in genes concerned with fatty acid metabolism in liver and with oxidative phoshorylation and tri carboxylic acid (TCA) cycle in skeletal muscle. Conclusion: Gestational protein restriction resulted in lower birthweight associated with significant gene expression changes, which was different in liver and muscle of offspring. However, a major part of the birthweight decrease and the expression changes were prevented by maternal taurine supplementation, implying taurine is a key component in metabolic fetal programming. (Pediatr Res 67: 47-53, 2010)
An observational cohort study to investigate the impact of dolutegravir in pregnancy and its obesogenic effects on the metabolic health of women living with HIV and their children: Study protocol$$$ Introduction Dolutegravir (DTG)-based antiretroviral therapy is the World Health Organization's preferred first-line regimen for all persons with HIV, including pregnant women. While DTG has been implicated as an obesogen associated with greater weight gain compared to other antiretrovirals, there is a paucity of data in pregnant women and their children. The Obesogenic oRigins of maternal and Child metabolic health Involving Dolutegravir (ORCHID) study is investigating associations between DTG, weight gain, and metabolic outcomes in the context of HIV.Materials & methods ORCHID is a prospective observational study taking place in Cape Town, South Africa (NCT 04991402). A total of 1920 pregnant women with and without HIV infection are being followed from <= 18 weeks gestational age to 24 months postpartum with their children. Participants attend eleven study visits: 3 antenatal, delivery, and 7 postnatal visits. Several embedded sub-studies address specific scientific aims. Primary outcome measurements in mothers include anthropometry, blood pressure, body composition, dysglycemia, insulin resistance (IR), and dyslipidemia. Other maternal measures include demographics, resting energy expenditure, viral load, physical activity, dietary intake, hepatic steatosis, and repository specimens. Sub-study measurements include markers of adipose inflammation, gut integrity, and satiety/hunger, subcutaneous adipose tissue morphology and mitochondrial function, and metabolomics. Primary outcome measurements in children include anthropometry, adipose tissue mass, dysglycemia, IR, and dyslipidemia. Other variables include fetal growth, birth outcomes, medical/breastfeeding history, caloric intake, neurodevelopment, and repository specimens. Sub-study measurements include metabolites/lipid subspecies in umbilical cord blood, as well as breast milk composition and DTG exposure.Discussion ORCHID will play a pivotal role in defining obesogenic mechanisms and clinical consequences of DTG use in pregnancy in women with HIV and their children. It will provide insights into metabolic disease risk reduction in the context of HIV/DTG, identify intervention targets, and inform public health approaches to diminish chronic metabolic co-morbidities for women and children.
Genome-wide placental DNA methylations in fetal overgrowth and associations with leptin, adiponectin and fetal growth factors$$$ Background: Fetal overgrowth "programs " an elevated risk of type 2 diabetes in adulthood. Epigenetic alterations may be a mechanism in programming the vulnerability. We sought to characterize genome-wide alterations in placental gene methylations in fetal overgrowth and the associations with metabolic health biomarkers including leptin, adiponectin and fetal growth factors. Results: Comparing genome-wide placental gene DNA methylations in large-for-gestational-age (LGA, an indicator of fetal overgrowth, n = 30) versus optimal-for-gestational-age (OGA, control, n = 30) infants using the Illumina Infinium Human Methylation-EPIC BeadChip, we identified 543 differential methylation positions (DMPs; 397 hypermethylated, 146 hypomethylated) at false discovery rate < 5% and absolute methylation difference > 0.05 after adjusting for placental cell-type heterogeneity, maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI and HbA1c levels during pregnancy. Twenty-five DMPs annotated to 20 genes (QSOX1, FCHSD2, LOC101928162, ADGRB3, GCNT1, TAP1, MYO16, NAV1, ATP8A2, LBXCOR1, EN2, INCA1, CAMTA2, SORCS2, SLC4A4, RPA3, UMAD1,USP53, OR2L13 and NR3C2) could explain 80% of the birth weight variations. Pathway analyses did not detect any statistically significant pathways after correcting for multiple tests. We validated a newly discovered differentially (hyper-)methylated gene-visual system homeobox 1 (VSX1) in an independent pyrosequencing study sample (LGA 47, OGA 47). Our data confirmed a hypermethylated gene-cadherin 13 (CDH13) reported in a previous epigenome-wide association study. Adiponectin in cord blood was correlated with its gene methylation in the placenta, while leptin and fetal growth factors (insulin, IGF-1, IGF-2) were not. Conclusions: Fetal overgrowth may be associated with a large number of altered placental gene methylations. Placental VSX1 and CDH13 genes are hypermethylated in fetal overgrowth. Placental ADIPOQ gene methylations and fetal circulating adiponectin levels were correlated, suggesting the contribution of placenta-originated adiponectin to cord blood adiponectin.
Maternal High-Fat Diet Effects on Third-Generation Female Body Size via the Paternal Lineage$$$ The health consequences of in utero exposure to maternal obesity on future generations are concerning because they contribute to increased rates of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and metabolic syndrome. We previously reported that maternal high-fat diet exposure in mice resulted in an increase in body size and reduced insulin sensitivity that persisted across two generations via both maternal and paternal lineages. However, because the first generation's primordial germ cells may be affected by gestational exposure, analysis of phenotype transmission into a third generation (F3) is necessary to determine whether stable epigenetic programming has occurred. Therefore, we have examined the body size and insulin sensitivity of male and female F3 offspring. We found that only females displayed the increased body size phenotype, and this effect was only passed on via the paternal lineage. The finding of a paternally transmitted phenotype to F3 female offspring supports a stable germline-based transgenerational mode of inheritance; thus we hypothesized that imprinted genes may be involved in this epigenetic programming. Using a quantitative TaqMan Array for imprinted genes to examine paternally or maternally expressed loci in F3 female livers, we detected a potential dynamic pattern of paternally expressed genes from the paternal lineage that was not noted in the maternal lineage. These findings suggest that the environmental influence on developmental regulation of growth and body size may be the result of broad programming events at imprinted loci, thereby providing sex specificity to both the transmission and inheritance of traits related to disease predisposition. (Endocrinology 152: 2228-2236, 2011)
Global DNA methylation was changed by a maternal high-lipid, high-energy diet during gestation and lactation in male adult mice liver$$$ An epigenetic mechanism has been suggested to explain the effects of the maternal diet on the development of disease in offspring. The present study aimed to observe the effects of a maternal high-lipid, high-energy (HLE) diet on the DNA methylation pattern of male offspring in mice. Female C57BL/6J mice were fed an HLE diet during gestation and lactation. The genomic DNA methylations at promoter sites of genes in the liver, mRNA and protein levels of selected genes related to lipid and glucose metabolism were measured by microarray, real-time PCR and Western blot. The results indicated that the percentage of methylated DNA in offspring from dams that were fed an HLE diet was significantly higher than that from dams that were fed a chow diet, and most of these genes were hypermethylated in promoter regions. The nuclear protein content and mRNA levels of hypermethylated genes, such as PPARg and liver X receptor a (LXRa), were decreased significantly in offspring in the HLE group. The results suggested that the DNA methylation profile in adult offspring livers was changed by the maternal HLE diet during gestation and lactation.
Influence of moderate maternal nutrition restriction on the fetal baboon metabolome at 0.5 and 0.9 gestation$$$ Background and aims: Moderately reduced maternal nutrient availability during pregnancy has adverse effects on the fetuses' growth and metabolism during and after pregnancy. The aim of this study was to explore effects of maternal nutrition restriction (MNR) on key metabolites of the fetal energy metabolism, particularly amino acids (AA), nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), acylcarnitines and phospholipids. These effects may reflect mechanisms relating MNR to later adverse outcomes. Methods and results: Plasma and liver samples of fetal baboons, whose mothers were fed ad libitum (CTR) or MNR (70% of CTR), were collected at 0.5 and 0.9 gestation (G - term 184 days). Metabolites were measured with liquid chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry. In both, CTR and MNR, fetal metabolic profiles changed markedly between 0.5G and 0.9G. Fetal liver glucose concentrations were strongly increased. Hepatic levels of NEFA, sphingomyelins, and alkyl-linked phospholipids increased while plasma NEFA and acyl-linked phospholipids levels decreased with progression of gestation. At 0.5G, MNR fetal plasma levels of short-and medium-chain acylcarnitines were elevated, but did no longer differ between groups at 0.9G. At 0.9G, plasma levels of methionine and threonine as well as hepatic threonine levels were lower in the MNR group. Conclusion: Small differences in the concentrations of plasma and liver metabolites between MNR and CTR fetuses reflect good adaptation to MNR. Fetal liver metabolic profiles changed markedly between the two gestation stages, reflecting enhanced liver glucose and lipid levels with advancing gestation. Decreased concentrations of AA suggest an up-regulation of gluconeogenesis in MNR. (C) 2016 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Impaired hepatic mitochondrial function during early lactation in dairy cows: Association with protein lysine acetylation$$$ Early lactation is an energy-deming period for dairy cows which may lead to negative energy balance, threatening animal health consequently productivity. Herein we studied hepatic mitochondrial function in Holstein-Friesian multiparous dairy cows during lactation, under two different feeding strategies. During the first 180 days postpartum the cows were fed a total mixed ration (70% forage: 30% concentrate) ad libitum (non-grazing group, G0) or grazed Festuca arundinacea or Mendicago sativa plus supplementation (grazing group, G1). From 180 to 250 days postpartum, all cows grazed Festuca arundinacea were supplemented with total mixed ration. Mitochondrial function was assessed measuring oxygen consumption rate in liver biopsies revealed that maximum respiratory rate decreased significantly in grazing cows during early lactation, yet was unchanged in non-grazing cows during the lactation curve. While no differences could be found in mitochondrial content or oxidative stress markers, a significant increase in protein lysine acetylation was found in grazing cows during early lactation but not in cows from the non-grazing group. Mitochondrial acetylation positively correlated with liver triglycerides beta-hydroxybutyrate plasma levels, well-known markers of negative energy balance, while a negative correlation was found with the maximum respiratory rate sirtuin 3 levels. To our knowledge this is the first report of mitochondrial function in liver biopsies of dairy cows during lactation. On the whole our results indicate that mitochondrial function is impaired during early lactation in grazing cows that acetylation may account for changes in mitochondrial function in this period. Additionally, our results suggest that feeding total mixed ration during early lactation may be an efficient protective strategy.
Insulin resistance syndrome in children$$$ The insulin resistance syndrome ( syndrome X, metabolic syndrome) has become the major health problem of our times. Associated obesity, dyslipidemia, atherosclerosis, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes conspire to shorten life spans, while hyperandrogenism with polycystic ovarian syndrome affect the quality of life and fertility of increasing numbers of women. Whereas a growing number of single genetic diseases affecting satiety or energy metabolism have been found to produce the clinical phenotype, strong familial occurrences, especially in racially prone groups such as those from the Indian subcontinent, or individuals of African, Hispanic, and American Indian descents, together with emerging genetic findings, are revealing the polygenetic nature of the syndrome. However, the strong lifestyle factors of excessive carbohydrate and fat consumption and lack of exercise are important keys to the phenotypic expression of the syndrome. The natural history includes small for gestational age birth weight, excessive weight gains during childhood, premature pubarche, an allergic diathesis, acanthosis nigricans, striae compounded by gynecomastia, hypertriglyceridemia, hepatic steatosis, premature atherosclerosis, hypertension, polycystic ovarian syndrome, and focal glomerulonephritis appearing increasingly through adolescence into adulthood. Type 2 diabetes, which develops because of an inherent and/or an acquired failure of an insulin compensatory response, is increasingly seen from early puberty onward, as is atheromatous disease leading to coronary heart disease and stroke. A predisposition to certain cancers and Alzheimer's disease is also now recognized. The looming tragedy from growing numbers of individuals affected by obesity/insulin resistance syndrome requires urgent public health approaches directed at their early identification and intervention during childhood. Such measures include educating the public on the topic, limiting the consumption of sucrose-containing drinks and foods with high carbohydrate and fat contents, and promoting exercise programs in our nation's homes and schools.
Fetal Organophosphate Pesticide Exposure and Child Adiposity Measures at 10 Years of Age in the General Dutch Population$$$ BACKGROUND: Fetal exposure to organophosphate (OP) pesticides might lead to fetal metabolic adaptations, predisposing individuals to adverse metabolic profiles in later life. OBJECTIVE: We examined the association of maternal urinary OP pesticide metabolite concentrations in pregnancy with offspring body mass index METHODS: Between 2002 and 2006, we included 642 mother-child pairs from the Generation R Study, a population-based prospective cohort study in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. We measured maternal urinary concentrations of OP pesticide metabolites, namely, dialkyl phosphates, including three dimethyl and three diethyl phosphates in early-, mid- and late-pregnancy. At 10 years of age, child total and regional body fat and lean mass were measured through dual energy X-ray absorptiometry, and abdominal and organ fat through magnetic resonance imaging. RESULTS: Higher maternal urinary pregnancy-average or trimester-specific dialkyl, dimethyl, or diethyl phosphate concentrations were not associated with childhood BMI and the risk of overweight. In addition, we did not observe any association of dialkyl, dimethyl, or diethyl phosphate concentrations with total and regional body fat, abdominal visceral fat, liver fat, or pericardial fat at child age of 10 y. CONCLUSION: We observed no associations of maternal urinary dialkyl concentrations during pregnancy with childhood adiposity measures at 10 years of age. Whether these associations develop at older ages should be further studied. https://doi.org/10.1289/EHP12267
Perturbations in polar lipids, starvation survival and reproduction following exposure to unsaturated fatty acids or environmental toxicants in <i>Daphnia magna</i>$$$ Acclimating to toxicant stress is energy expensive. In laboratory toxicology tests dietary conditions are ideal, but not in natural environments where nutrient resources vary in quality and quantity. We compared the effects of additional lipid resources, docosahexaenoic acid (n-3; DHA) or linoleic acid (n-6; LA), or the effects of the toxicants, atrazine or triclosan on post-treatment starvation survival, reproduction, and lipid profiles. Chemical exposure prior to starvation had chemical-specific effects as DHA showed moderately beneficial effects on starvation survival and all of the other chemicals showed adverse effects on either survival or reproduction. Surprisingly, pre-exposure to triclosan inhibits adult maturation and in turn completely blocks reproduction during the starvation phase. The two HR96 activators tested, atrazine and LA adversely reduce post-reproduction survival 70% during starvation and in turn show poor fecundity. DHA and LA show distinctly different lipid profiles as DHA primarily increases the percentage of large (>37 carbon) phosphatidylcholine (PC) species and LA primarily increases the percentage of smaller (<37 carbon) PC species. The toxicants atrazine and triclosan moderately perturb a large number of different phospholipids including several phosphatidylethanolamine species. Some of these polar lipid species may be biomarkers for diets rich in specific fatty acids or toxicant classes. Overall our data demonstrates that toxicants can perturb lipid utilization and storage in daphnids in a chemical specific manner, and different chemicals can produce distinct polar lipid profiles. In summary, biological effects caused by fatty acids and toxicants are associated with changes in the production and use of lipids. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Maternal obesity alters circRNA expression and the potential role of mmu_ circRNA_0000660 via sponging miR_693 in offspring liver at weaning age$$$ Background and Aims: Maternal obesity predispose offspring to metabolic disorders and obesity, but the mechanisms are not fully understood, especially during early life. Circular RNA (circRNA) can regulate the expression of target genes through the regulatory pathways of competing endogenous RNA (ceRNA). We hypothesized that the offspring of obese dams exhibit impaired metabolic health through the dysregulated expression of hepatic circRNA. Methods and Results: A high-fat diet (HFD) or standard chow diet (CD) were randomized to dams for 12 weeks before mating. Specific diets continued for each dam throughout pregnancy and lactation. Then, lipid metabolic parameters were assessed in dams and female offspring. We performed liver RNA sequencing (RNA-seq) for the offspring of HFD- and CD-dams to comprehensively identify differentially expressed (DE) circRNA and messenger RNA (mRNA). Further, ceRNA networks combining DE circRNA, mRNA, and microRNA were predicted based on MiRanda and TargetScan databases combined with the lipid metabolism-related pathway. As a result, the circRNA_0000660-miR_693-IgIbp1 regulatory pathway was selected from liver and AML12 cell line. Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction, dual luciferase reporter gene system, and Small interfering RNA for circRNA_0000660 transfection experiment were applied to validate. Conclusions: Our work investigated new mechanisms of the effect of maternal obesity on offspring's lipid metabolism. Several novel targets were uncovered to reverse the effect.
High-dose biotin, an inducer of glucokinase expression, may synergize with chromium picolinate to enable a definitive nutritional therapy for type II diabetes$$$ Glucokinase (GK), expressed in hepatocyte and pancreatic beta cells, has a central regulatory role in glucose metabolism. Efficient GK activity is required for normal glucose-stimulated insulin secretion, postprandial hepatic glucose uptake, and the appropriate suppression of hepatic glucose output and gluconeogenesis by elevated plasma glucose. Hepatic GK activity is subnormal in diabetes, and GK may also be decreased in the beta cells of type II diabetics. In supraphysiological concentrations, biotin promotes the transcription and translation of the GK gene in hepatocytes; this effect appears to be mediated by activation of soluble guanylate cyclase. More recent evidence indicates that biotin likewise increases GK activity in islet cells. Ore the other hand, high-dose biotin suppresses hepatocyte transcription of phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase, the rate-limiting enzyme for gluconeogenesis. Administration of high-dose biotin has improved glycemic control in several diabetic animals models, and a recent Japanese clinical study concludes that biotin (3 mg t.i.d. orally) can substantially lower fasting glucose in type II diabetics, without side-effects. The recently demonstrated utility of chromium picolinate in type II diabetes appears to reflect improved peripheral insulin sensitivity - a parameter which is unlikely to be directly influenced by biotin. Thus, the joint administration of supranutritional doses of biotin and chromium picolinate is likely to combat insulin resistance, improve beta-cell function, enhance postprandial glucose uptake by both liver and skeletal muscle, and inhibit excessive hepatic glucose production. Conceivably, this safe, convenient, nutritional regimen will constitute a definitive therapy for many type II diabetics, and may likewise be useful in the prevention and management of gestational diabetes. Biotin should also aid glycemic control in type I patients.
Esterase 1 is a Novel Transcriptional Repressor of Growth Hormone Receptor Gene Expression: A Unique Noncatalytic Role for a Carboxyesterase Protein$$$ The pleiotropic actions of GH result from its engagement with the GH receptor (GHR). GHR expression is regulated by free fatty acids (FFA). A cDNA phage expression library was screened to identify a phage clone expressing esterase 1 (ES1) binding to the FFA-response element (FARE), L2-D1, in the murine GHR promoter. Ectopically expressed ES1 inhibited GHR promoter activity via effects at two FARE, L2-D1 and L2-A2. Chromatin immunoprecipitation experiments demonstrated specific association of ES1 with the FARE. Catalytically inactive ES1 retained inhibitory activity on the GHR promoter and excluded the possibility that the effect on the GHR promoter was an indirect effect secondary to ES1's actions on the intracellular metabolism of FFA. Ectopically expressed ES1 inhibited the endogenous GHR mRNA and protein expression in 3T3-F442A preadipocytes. Subcellular fractionation and confocal microscopy established that ES1 localizes both to the cytoplasm and the nucleus. Experiments demonstrated chromosome region maintenance 1-dependent nuclear export and the presence of a functional nuclear export signal in ES1. The domain of ES1 responsible for the effect on the GHR promoter was localized to the C-terminal portion of the protein. The in vivo significance of ES1's effect on GHR expression was suggested by decreased liver GHR mRNA expression in mice on a high-fat diet correlating with increased steady-state abundance of liver ES1 mRNA. Our results identify and characterize ES1 as a novel transcriptional regulator of GHR gene expression, thereby establishing a unique nonenzymatic role for a carboxyesterase and expanding the potential biological roles of this protein superfamily. (Molecular Endocrinology 25: 1351-1363, 2011)
Differential effects of prenatal stress on metabolic programming in diet-induced obese and dietary-resistant rats$$$ Stress during pregnancy is a known contributing factor for the development of obesity in the offspring. Since maternal obesity is on the rise, we wanted to identify the effects of prenatal stress in the offspring of diet-induced obese (DIO) rats and compare them with the offspring of dietary-resistant (DR) rats. We hypothesized that prenatal stress would make both DIO and DR offspring susceptible to obesity, but the effect would be more pronounced in DIO rats. Pregnant DIO and DR rats were divided into two groups: nonstressed controls (control) and prenatal stress (subjected to restraint stress, three times/day from days 14 to 21 of gestation). After recording birth weight and weaning weight, male offspring were weaned onto a chow diet for 9 wk and shifted to a high-fat (HF) diet for 1 wk. At the end of the 10th wk the animals were euthanized, and visceral adipose mass, blood glucose, serum insulin, and C-peptide levels were measured. Prenatal stress resulted in hyperinsulinemia and higher C-peptide levels without altering caloric intake, body weight gain, or fat mass in the DIO offspring after 1 wk of HF intake, but not in DR offspring. To determine the mechanism underlying the hyperinsulinemia, we measured the levels of CEACAM1 that are responsible for insulin clearance. CEACAM1 levels in the liver were reduced in prenatally stressed DIO offspring after the HF challenge, suggesting that preexisting genetic predisposition in combination with prenatal stress increases the risk for obesity in adulthood, especially when offspring are fed a HF diet.
Developmental Programming: Prenatal Testosterone Excess on Liver and Muscle Coding and Noncoding RNA in Female Sheep$$$ Prenatal testosterone (T)-treated female sheep manifest peripheral insulin resistance, ectopic lipid accumulation, and insulin signaling disruption in liver and muscle. This study investigated transcriptional changes and transcriptome signature of prenatal T excess-induced hepatic and muscle-specific metabolic disruptions. Genome-wide coding and noncoding (nc) RNA expression in liver and muscle from 21-month-old prenatal T-treated (T propionate 100 mg intramuscular twice weekly from days 30-90 of gestation; term: 147 days) and control females were compared. Prenatal T (1) induced differential expression of messenger RNAs (mRNAs) in liver (15 down, 17 up) and muscle (66 down, 176 up) (false discovery rate < 0.05, absolute log2 fold change > 0.5); (2) downregulated mitochondrial pathway genes in liver and muscle; (3) downregulated hepatic lipid catabolism and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) signaling gene pathways; (4) modulated noncoding RNA (ncRNA) metabolic processes gene pathway in muscle; and (5) downregulated 5 uncharacterized long noncoding RNA (lncRNA) in the muscle but no ncRNA changes in the liver. Correlation analysis showed downregulation of lncRNAs LOC114112974 and LOC105607806 was associated with decreased TPK1, and LOC114113790 with increased ZNF470 expression. Orthogonal projections to latent structures discriminant analysis identified mRNAs HADHA and SLC25A45, and microRNAs MIR154A, MIR25, and MIR487B in the liver and ARIH1 and ITCH and miRNAs MIR369, MIR10A, and MIR10B in muscle as potential biomarkers of prenatal T excess. These findings suggest downregulation of mitochondria, lipid catabolism, and PPAR signaling genes in the liver and dysregulation of mitochondrial and ncRNA gene pathways in muscle are contributors of lipotoxic and insulin-resistant hepatic and muscle phenotype. Gestational T excess programming of metabolic dysfunctions involve tissue-specific ncRNA-modulated transcriptional changes.
Bioequivalence of dietary α-linolenic and docosahexaenoic acids as sources of docosahexaenoate accretion in brain and associated organs of neonatal baboons$$$ The dietary bioequivalence of alpha-linolenic (LNA) and docosahexaenoic acids (DHA) as substrates for brain and retinal n-3 fatty acid accretion during the brain growth spurt is reported for neonatal baboons who consumed a long-chain-polyunsaturate free commercial human infant formula with a n-6/n-3 ratio of IO:I. Neonates received oral doses of (13)C-labeled fatty acids (LNA*) or (DHA*) at 4 wk of age, and at 6 wk brain (occipital cortex), retina, retinal pigment epithelium, liver, erythrocytes, and plasma were analyzed. In the brain, 1.71% of the preformed DHA* dose was detected, whereas 0.23% of the LNA* dose was detected as DHA*, indicating that preformed DHA is 7-fold more effective than LNA-derived DHA as a source for DHA accretion. In LNA*-dosed animals, DHA* was greater than 60% of labeled fatty acids in all tissues except erythrocytes, where docosapentaenoic acid was 55%. Estimates using dietary LNA levels as tracees indicate that brain turnover of DHA is less than 5% per week between weeks 4 and 6 of life. For retina and retinal pigment epithelium, preformed DHA was at levels 12-fold and 15-fold greater than LNA-derived DHA. Liver, plasma, and erythrocytes ratios were 27, 29, and 51, respectively, showing that these pools do not parallel tissue metabolism of a single dose of omega-3 fatty acids. The distributions of labeled fatty acids for LNA*-dosed animals were similar, in the order DHA > DPA > EPA > LNA, except for erythrocytes where docosapentaenoic acid predominated. These are the first direct measurements of the bioequivalence of DHA and LNA in neonatal primate brain and associated tissues.
Acute pancreatitis associated with severe hypertriglyceridaemia$$$ A retrospective cohort study; Aim: Acute Pancreatitis (AP) secondary to hypertriglyceridaemia (HTG) is a rare association of which little is known in the literature. This study investigates patient characteristics and outcomes (reoccurrence and mortality) in those presenting with AP secondary to HTG in one of the largest reported British cohorts. Methods: A retrospective observational case note review of all patients treated at our institution between 2004 and 2012. Data are expressed as mean and standard deviation if parametric and as median and range if non-parametric. Full fasting lipid profiles and patient demographics were recorded to elucidate further the cause of the severe hypertriglyceridaemia (> 10 mmol/L fasting). Results: There were 784 patients admitted with AP admitted to our institution within the study period. APHTG was present in 18 patients (2.3%). Peak serum triglyceride concentration was 43.9 mmol/L, SD 18.9 mmol/L. Serum amylase activity was ` falsely' low (with raised urine amylase) in about 10% of the patients with acute pancreatitis and hypertriglyceridaemia. 67% of our patients had type 2 diabetes mellitus or impaired glucose tolerance, 28% had a fatty liver and 50% displayed alcohol excess all these conditions are known to be associated with HTG There was a 94.5% reduction in serum triglyceride between presentation and last follow-up visit. There were also no deaths or recurrent episodes of AP during the study period. Conclusions: APHTG was present in 2.3% of patients presenting with AP. The reoccurrence and mortality rates were zero in this cohort. This may in part be due to aggressive serum triglyceride lowering by a multi-disciplinary team. Early clinical recognition is vital to provide targeted treatment and to try and reduce further episodes of AP. (C) 2015 IJS Publishing Group Limited. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Changes in Metabolism, Mitochondrial Function, and Oxidative Stress Between Female Rats Under Nonreproductive and 3 Reproductive Conditions$$$ Women who do not lactate display increased incidence of obesity, type II diabetes, and cancer. Stuebe and Rich-Edwards proposed that these effects occur because physiological changes that ensue during pregnancy are not reversed without lactation. To empirically test this hypothesis, we compared markers of metabolism, mitochondrial function, and oxidative stress between 4 groups of Sprague-Dawley rats: (1) nonreproductive (NR) rats, (2) rats killed at day 20 of gestation, (3) rats that gave birth but were not allowed to suckle their pups (nonlactating), and (4) rats that suckled their young for 14 days. Nonlactating females displayed higher body fat compared to all other groups. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor delta (PPAR delta) in skeletal muscle and white adipose tissue of nonlactating rats was lower than the other groups. The PPAR delta is associated with lipid metabolism suggesting that the higher fat mass in nonlactating females was not associated with the retention of a physiological state that was set during pregnancy but instead an independent drop in PPAR delta. Relative mitochondrial respiratory function and complex activity in the liver and skeletal muscle of nonlactating mice were not predictive of higher body mass, and measures of oxidative stress displayed minimal variation between groups.
Elective and Emergency Caesarean Section: Analysis of Maternal Complications at Allama lqbal Memorial Teaching Hospital Sialkot$$$ Aim: To analyse the maternal morbidity amongst the patients undergoing caesarean sections and to compare it in elective and emergency settings. Study design: Prospective Study Place and time of study: Department of Gynaecology and obstetrics, Khawaja Muhammad Safdar Medical College, Sialkot. From May 2017 to June 2019. Methods: Between May 2019 and June 2019; A total of 16105 patients presented to obstetric department for either elective caesarean section or in labour room and thus landing in caesarean section. These patients were grouped in group 1 and II depending upon their indication of surgery was either elective or emergency. Patients were admitted and their postoperative course in special relation to early complications was monitored. Follow up visits were conducted and proformas were filled for late complications. Following data was recorded: Age, gestational duration, presentation at OPD or emergency, comorbid conditions, Investigations, Blood CE, Hepatitis serology, LFTs. Results.: Our study include 16105 no of patients who were managed in department of gynae and obs. Out of them 12056 fulfill inclusion criterion .1078 were diabetic ,3745 were hepatitis C +v6, 1598 were hypertensive ,2834 were primigravida and 9222 reported with multiparity. Women with age greater than 35 years have 36.53% of them underwent elective C-section where as 28.76% undergo emergency C section .Patients with history of pervious C section have 75.36% elective operation and in 54.91% emergency section was done. Women with pervious history of D&C 19.79% have elective c section whereas 23.24% women undergo emergency C-section. Patients who presented with malpresentation cephalic 4.01% have elective C section and 9.03% have emergency C section. Patients presented to us with fetal anomaly 9.98% patient undergo elective C-section whereas 38% of them undergo emergency C-section. Conclusion: Post-operative morbidity is much higher in emergency CS than elective CS. The most important reasons of morbidity are late reporting of the patients to the medical facility, un-booked patients, poor Dai handling, presence of unskillful staff at hospital, presence of any undiagnosed disease like hypertension, diabetes in patients, intraoperative complications like hemorrhage, poor handling, uterocervical lacerations and finally postoperatively PPH is the major risk factor leading to maternal morbidity. Surgical site infection, endometritis, UTI lasting long can ultimately lead to sepsis and bacteremia increasing risk of maternal morbidity.
High Dietary Selenium Intake Alters Lipid Metabolism and Protein Synthesis in Liver and Muscle of Pigs$$$ Background: Prolonged high intakes of dietary selenium have been shown to induce gestational diabetes in rats and hyperinsulinemia in pigs. Objective: Two experiments were conducted to explore metabolic and molecular mechanisms for the diabetogenic potential of high dietary selenium intakes in pigs. Methods: In Expt. 1, 16 Yorkshire-Landrace-Hampshire crossbred pigs (3 wk old, body weight = 7.5 +/- 0.81 kg, 50% males and 50% females) were fed a corn-soybean meal basal diet supplemented with 0.3 or 1.0 mg Se/kg (as selenium-enriched yeast for 6 wk). In Expt. 2, 12 pigs of the same crossbreed (6 wk old, body weight = 16.0 +/- 1.8 kg) were fed a similar basal diet supplemented with 0.3 or 3.0 mg Se/kg for 11 wk. Biochemical and gene and protein expression profiles of lipid and protein metabolism and selenoproteins in plasma, liver, muscle, and adipose tissues were analyzed. Results: In Expt. 1, the 1-mg-Se/kg diet did not affect body weight or plasma concentrations of glucose and nonesterified fatty acids. In Expt. 2, the 3-mg-Se/kg diet, compared with the 0.3-mg-Se/kg diet, increased (P < 0.05) concentrations of plasma insulin (0.2 compared with 0.4 ng/mL), liver and adipose lipids (41% to 2.4-fold), and liver and muscle protein (10-14%). In liver, the 3-mg-Se/kg diet upregulated (P < 0.05) the expression, activity, or both of key factors related to gluconeogenesis [phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK); 13%], lipogenesis [sterol regulatory element binding protein 1 (SREBPI), acetyl-coenzyme A carboxylase (ACC), and fatty acid synthase (FASN); 46-90%], protein synthesis [insulin receptor (INSR), P70 ribosomal protein S6 kinase (P70), and phosphorylated ribosomal protein S6 (P-S6); 88-105%], energy metabolism [AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK); up to 2.8-fold], and selenoprotein glutathione peroxidase 3 (GPX3; 1.4-fold) and suppressed (P < 0.05) mRNA levels of lipolysis gene cytochrome P450, family 7, subfamily A, polypeptide 1 (CYP7A1; 88%) and selenoprotein gene selenoprotein W1 (SEPW1; 46%). In muscle, the 3-mg-Se/kg diet exerted no effect on the lipid profiles but enhanced (P<0.05) expression of P-S6 and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR; 42-176%; protein synthesis); selenoprotein P (SELP; 40-fold); and tumor suppressor protein 53 (P53) and peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma (PPARG; 52-58%; lipogenesis) and suppressed (P < 0.05) expression of INSR (59%; insulin signaling); selenoprotein S (SELS); deiodinases, iodothyronine, type I (DIO1); and thioredoxin reductase 1 (TXNRD1; 50%; selenoproteins); and ACC1 and FASN (35-51%; lipogenesis). Conclusion: Our research showed novel roles, to our best knowledge, and mechanisms of high selenium intakes in regulating the metabolism of protein, along with that of lipid, in a tissue-specific fashion in pigs.
A Novel <i>ADIPOQ</i> Mutation (p.M40K) Impairs Assembly of High-Molecular-Weight Adiponectin and Is Associated With Early-Onset Obesity and Metabolic Syndrome$$$ Context: The phenotypic effects of ADIPOQ mutations early in life, prior to type 2 diabetes onset, have not been studied. Aim: The objective of the study was to characterize the impact of a novel ADIPOQ mutation in vitro and in vivo. Design: The design of the study was ADIPOQ screening, adiponectin oligomerization, and cardiometabolic phenotype assessment. Subjects: Fourteen hypoadiponectinemic (< 3 mu g/mL) and 686 normoadiponectinemic young adults (23-25 y) were prospectively followed up since birth. Main Outcome Measures: Human and recombinant murine mutant adiponectin oligomerization, the proband's ADIPOQ and ADIPOR1/R2 adipose tissue (AT) expression, and cardiometabolic profile were measured. Results: The heterozygous ADIPOQ p.M40K mutation was identified in one hypoadiponectinemic male (2.4 mu g/mL) and three other family members. Carriers presented a marked reduction of serum high-molecular weight to total adiponectin ratio when compared with controls (9.4% +/- 1% vs 56.6% +/- 13%; P < .05) and family noncarriers (9.4% +/- 1% vs 42% +/- 0.5%; P = .05). Both mRNA and protein levels of adiponectin were increased in the AT of the proband (2.3- and 1.6-fold, respectively). However, the high-molecular weight to total adiponectin ratio of adiponectin was decreased (3.3-fold). Moreover, the expressions of ADIPOR1 and ADIPOR2 were significantly down-regulated in the AT of the proband (6- and 1.2-fold, respectively). The results were confirmed by in vitro studies on the recombinant murine homologous mutation (p.M43K). The proband's cardiometabolic phenotype progression was further characterized: born small for gestational age and adolescence-onset obesity; insulin resistance (homeostasis assessment model of insulin resistance of 4.7), and dyslipidemia at 25 years; decreased high-molecular weight adiponectin (0.24 mu g/mL = 10%), hypertension (180/120 mm Hg), steatosis (fat liver = 40% +/- 6%), increased carotid intimamedia thickness at 31 years, and type 2 diabetes (glycosylated hemoglobin = 6.6%) at 34 years of age. Of note, all of the affected family members presented features of metabolic syndrome. Conclusion: The newly identified ADIPOQ p.M40K mutation associates with severe cardiometabolic dysfunction due to the impairment of high-molecular weight adiponectin complex formation.
Impact of placental mTOR deficiency on peripheral insulin signaling in adult mice offspring$$$ Suboptimal in utero environments such as poor maternal nutrition and gestational diabetes can impact fetal birth weight and the metabolic health trajectory of the adult offspring. Fetal growth is associated with alterations in placental mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR) signaling; it is reduced in fetal growth restriction and increased in fetal overgrowth. We previously reported that when metabolically challenged by a high-fat diet, placental mTORKO (mTORKO(pl)) adult female offspring develop obesity and insulin resistance, whereas placental TSC2KO (TSC2KO(pl)) female offspring are protected from diet-induced obesity and maintain proper glucose homeostasis. In the present study, we sought to investigate whether reducing or increasing placental mTOR signaling in utero alters the programming of adult offspring metabolic tissues preceding a metabolic challenge. Adult male and female mTORKO(pl), TSC2KO(pl), and respective controls on a normal chow diet were subjected to an acute intraperitoneal insulin injection. Upon insulin stimulation, insulin signaling via phosphorylation of Akt and nutrient sensing via phosphorylation of mTOR target ribosomal S6 were evaluated in the offspring liver, white adipose tissue, and skeletal muscle. Among tested tissues, we observed significant changes only in the liver signaling. In the male mTORKO(pl) adult offspring liver, insulin-stimulated phospho-Akt was enhanced compared to littermate controls. Basal phospho-S6 level was increased in the mTORKO(pl) female offspring liver compared to littermate controls and did not increase further in response to insulin. RNA sequencing of offspring liver identified placental mTORC1 programming-mediated differentially expressed genes. The expression of major urinary protein 1 (Mup1) was differentially altered in female mTORKO(pl) and TSC2KO(pl) offspring livers and we show that MUP1 level is dependent on overnutrition and fasting status. In summary, deletion of placental mTOR nutrient sensing in utero programs hepatic response to insulin action in a sexually dimorphic manner. Additionally, we highlight a possible role for hepatic and circulating MUP1 in glucose homeostasis that warrants further investigation.
Gestational dietary betaine supplementation suppresses hepatic expression of lipogenic genes in neonatal piglets through epigenetic and glucocorticoid receptor-dependent mechanisms$$$ Methyl donors play critical roles in nutritional programming through epigenetic regulation of gene expression. Here we fed gestational sows with control or betaine-supplemented diets (3 g/kg) throughout the pregnancy to explore the effects of maternal methyl-donor nutrient on neonatal expression of hepatic lipogenic genes. Betaine-exposed piglets demonstrated significantly lower liver triglyceride content associated with down-regulated hepatic expression of lipogenic genes acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC), fatty acid synthase (FAS), stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD) and sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c. Moreover, s-adenosyl methionine to s-adenosyl homocysteine ratio was elevated in the liver of betaine-exposed piglets, which was accompanied by DNA hypermethylation on FAS and SCD gene promoters and more enriched repression histone mark H31K27me3 on SCD gene promoter. Furthermore, glucocorticoid receptor (GR) binding to SCD gene promoter was diminished along with reduced serum cortisol and liver GR protein content in betaine-exposed piglets. GR-mediated SCD gene regulation was confirmed in HepG2 cells in vitro. Dexamethasone (Dex) drastically increased the luciferase activity of porcine SCD promoter, while the deletion of GR response element on SCD promoter significantly attenuated Dex-mediated SCD transactivation. In addition, miR-let-7e, miR-1285 and miR-124a, which respectively target porcine SCD, ACC and GR, were significantly up-regulated in the liver of betaine-exposed piglets, being in accordance with decreased protein content of these three genes. Taken together, our results suggest that maternal dietary betaine supplementation during gestation attenuates hepatic lipogenesis in neonatal piglets via epigenetic and GR-mediated mechanisms. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Cardiometabolic profiles in women with adenomyosis$$$ The aim of this study was to investigate the reproductive profiles, metabolic parameters and cardiometabolic risk assessed by surrogate indexes in women with adenomyosis. Ninety-six premenopausal women who were diagnosed with adenomyosis by transvaginal ultrasound and 97 age-body mass index (BMI) matched controls with normal ultrasound during routine examination were included. Women with adenomyosis were more likely to have higher gravidity and had more abortions than women without adenomyosis. Regarding the individual metabolic syndrome components, the adenomyosis group was more likely to have higher prevalence of hypertension, low HDL-C and central obesity. No significant difference was found between the groups in terms of visceral adiposity index, lipid accumulation product and fatty liver index. Only higher blood pressure (BP) remained statistically significant after adjustment for confounding factors in multivariate analysis. Women with adenomyosis had remarkably high risk of hypertension. It may be advisable to monitor their BP closely.Impact Statement What is already known on this subject? The only anthropometric characteristic assessed in women in relation to adenomyosis is body mass index (BMI). A case-control study showed that women who are obese are more likely to have adenomyosis. The gravidity, number of spontaneous abortions and previous uterine surgeries such as dilatation and curettage (D&C) and caesarean section were found significantly associated with adenomyosis. What do the results of this study add? A remarkable finding of our study was the increased incidence of higher systolic BP in women with adenomyosis. No difference was observed in adiposity indices between women with and without adenomyosis. Higher prevalence of central obesity and lower HDL-C levels were seen in women with adenomyosis. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? The study identifies that adenomyosis is associated with an increased risk of hypertension, and women with adenomyosis may be monitored closely for blood pressure changes. Our report also provides novel information about the metabolic risk profiles associated with adenomyosis.
Maternal high-calorie diet feeding programs hepatic cholesterol metabolism and<i> Abca1</i> promoter methylation in the early life of offspring$$$ Maternal high-calorie diet feeding can dramatically increase the susceptibility of metabolic diseases in offspring. Howe ver, whether maternal high -calorie diet feeding can program hepatic cholesterol metabolism in the early life of offspring is less understood, and the epigenetic mechanisms underlying this intergenerational effect, especially during the early life of offspring, are unknown. Female C57BL/6J mice were randomly assigned to a high-calorie diet or control diet before and during gestation, and lactation. Lipid metabolism was evaluated in male offspring at weaning. Gene expressions and quantitative methylation levels of key genes associated with hepatic cholesterol metabolism were further evaluated in offspring at weaning age. We found that ma-ternal high-calorie diet feeding resulted in higher body weight, hypercholesterolemia, elevated total cholesterol in liver homogenates, and fat deposits in the liver in offspring at weaning. For key genes that regulate cholesterol metabolism in liver, we showed lower Hmgcr and Ldlr, and higher Abca1 mRNA and protein expressions in offspring from dams fed with high-calorie diet at weaning age. We further found that maternal high-calorie diet feeding signif-icantly decreased Abca1 methylation level in offspring, with lower methylation levels of both CpG 11 and CpG 22 sites. Interestingly, we found that Abca1 methylation level was negatively associated with hepatic Abca1 mRNA expression in offspring from dams fed with high-calorie diet and controls. However, the expressions of key genes associated with hepatic cholesterol metabolism were not significant between fetuses of dams fed with high-calorie diet and control diet. In conclusion, our results indicate that maternal high-calorie diet feeding results in aberrant lipid metabolism, including hypercholesterolemia and fat deposits in the liver of offspring as early as weaning age. Furthermore, maternal high-calorie feeding can program hepatic cholesterol metabolism and Abca1 methylation in the early life of offspring.(c) 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/ )
Prepartal high-energy feeding with grass silage-based diets does not disturb the hepatic adaptation of dairy cows during the periparturient period$$$ The liver of dairy cow naturally undergoes metabolic adaptation during the periparturient period in response to the increasing demand for nutrients. The hepatic adaptation is affected by prepartal energy intake level and is potentially associated with inflammatory responses. lb study the changes in the liver function during the periparturient period, 16 cows (body condition score = 3.7 +/- 0.3, mean +/- standard deviation; parity = second through fourth) were allocated to a grass silage-based controlled-energy diet (104 MJ/d) or a high-energy diet (135 MJ/d) during the last 6 wk before the predicted parturition. Liver samples were collected by biopsy at 8 d before the predicted parturition (-8 d) and at 1 and 9 d after the actual parturition (1 and 9 d). The lipidomic profile of liver samples collected at -8 and 9 d was analyzed using ultra performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry-based lipidomics. Liver samples from all the time points were subjected to microarray analysis and the subsequent pathway analysis with Ingenuity Pathway Analysis software (Ingenuity Systems, Mountain View, CA). Prepartal energy intake level affected hepatic gene expression and lipidomic profiles prepartum, whereas little or no effect was observed postpartum. At. 8 d, hepatic lipogenesis was promoted by prepartal high-energy feeding through the activation of X receptor/retinoid X receptor pathway and through increased transcription of thyroid hormone-responsive (THRSP). Hepatic inflammatory and acute phase responses at -8 d were suppressed (z-score = -2.236) by prepartal high-energy feeding through the increase in the mRNA abundance of suppressor of cytokine signaling 3 (SOCS9) and the decrease in the mRNA abundance of interleukin 1 (IL1), nuclear factor kappa B 1 (NFKB1), apolipoprotein A1 (APOA1), serum amyloid A3 (SAA3), haptoglobin (HP), lipopolysaccharide-binding protein (LBP), and inter-alpha-trypsin inhibitor heavy chain 3 (ITIH3). Moreover, prepartal high-energy feeding elevated hepatic concentrations of C18- (7%), C20- (17%), C21(26%), C23-sphingomyelins (26%), and total saturated sphingomyelin (21%). In addition, cows in both groups displayed increased lipogenesis at the gene expression level after parturition and alterations in the concentration of various sphingolipids between the first and last samplings. In conclusion, prepartal high-energy feeding promoted lipogenesis and suppressed inflammatory and acute phase responses in the liver before parturition, whereas only minor effects were observed after parturition.
<i>In utero</i> exposure to bisphenol-A disrupts key elements of retinoid system in male mice offspring$$$ The retinoid system controls essential cellular processes including mitosis, differentiation and metabolism among others. Although the retinoid-signalling pathway is a potential target for the action of several endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs), the information about the developmental effects of bisphenol-A (BPA) on the hepatic retinoid system is scarce. Herein, male mice were in utero exposed to BPA following maternal subcutaneous doses of 0, 10 and 100 mu g/kg bw/day from gestational day 9-16 and they were sacrificed at post-natal day 30. Retinoid concentrations and gene expression of key elements involved in the retinoid system were determined in liver. BPA increased all-trans-retinoic acid concentration and expression of Adh1, Aox1 and Cyp1a2 (biosynthesis of retinoic acid), while reduced Mrp3 (efflux from hepatocyte to blood), increased Bcrp expression (biliary excretion) and changed the retinoid-dependent signalling system after reducing expression of Rxr beta and increasing that of Fgf21. Furthermore, we found bivariate associations of Rar gamma and Rxr gamma expressions with all-trans-retinoic acid concentrations and of Fgf21 expression with that of Rar gamma. Those findings occurred in animals which showed altered pancreatic function and impaired glucose metabolism during adulthood. The present information should be useful for enhancing testing methods for the identification of EDCs.
Raised Thyroid Stimulating Hormone in Girls with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Effects of Randomized Interventions$$$ IntroductionPolycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in women associates with raised levels of circulating thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) and with high rates of gestational complications. A low range of preconception TSH is followed by low rates of gestational complications. It is unknown whether TSH levels are elevated in adolescents with PCOS and, if so, whether traditional or exploratory treatments can lower them into safe preconception range. We investigated TSH in non-obese adolescents with PCOS, including the effects of randomized interventions.MethodsMorning TSH was a safety marker in randomized pilot studies comparing the effects of an oral contraceptive (OC) versus those of a low-dose combination of spironolactone-pioglitazone-metformin (SPIOMET) in non-obese adolescents with PCOS. A post-hoc analysis compared: TSH levels in PCOS (N= 62) vs controls; TSH changes on treatment (for 1 year); TSH levels post treatment (for 1 year).ResultsMean TSH levels were higher in PCOS patients than in control girls (P<0.01). On-treatment TSH levels diverged (P<0.001), remaining elevated on OC, and descending swiftly on SPIOMET, well into safe preconception range. Post-treatment TSH levels were stable in both subgroups. On-treatment changes of circulating TSH associated to those of liver fat (R= 0.307, P= 0.017).ConclusionThe endocrine signature of early PCOS is herewith extended to include modestly raised levels of circulating TSH; the normalizing effects of SPIOMET intervention in non-obese adolescents with PCOS are herewith extended to include on- and post-treatment TSH.
Maternal Diet Supplemented with Methyl-Donors Protects against Atherosclerosis in F1 ApoE<SUP>-/-</SUP> Mice$$$ Atherosclerosis is an inflammatory condition of the arterial wall mediated by cells of both innate and adaptive immunity. T lymphocytes play an important role in orchestrating the pathogenic immune response involved in the acceleration of atherosclerosis. Previously, we have shown that a prenatal methyl-donor supplementation diet (MS), when fed to dams during pregnancy and lactation, decreased the T cell-mediated pro-inflammatory cytokine and chemokine response in F1 mice. In the current study, we report feeding Apolipoprotein E (ApoE(-/-)) deficient dams with the MS diet during pregnancy reduces atherosclerotic plaques in F1 mice that were fed high fat diet (HFD) after weaning. F1 mice from dams on the MS diet exhibited increased global T cell DNA methylation. T-cell chemokines and their receptors (in particular CCR2, CCR5, and CXCR3) play important roles in the inflammatory cell recruitment to vascular lesions. MS diet significantly reduced Ccr2 mRNA and protein expression in CD3+ T cells but not in CD11b+ monocytes in MS F1 mice relative to controls. F1 litter size, HFD consumption, body weight, and body fat were similar between control and MS diet groups. Moreover, serum thiol metabolite levels were similar between the two groups. However, MS diet is associated with significantly higher serum HDL and lower LDL+VLDL levels in comparison to F1 mice from dams on the control diet. Inflammatory cytokines (IL-17, TNF-alpha, IL-6) were also lower in MS F1 mice serum and conditioned media from T-cell culture. Altogether, these data suggest that the MS diet ameliorates development of atherosclerosis by inhibiting the T-cell Ccr2 expression, reducing inflammatory cytokines production and increasing serum HDL:LDL ratio.
Metabolic control during exercise with and without medium-chain triglycerides (MCT) in children with long-chain 3-hydroxy acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (LCHAD) or trifunctional protein (TFP) deficiency$$$ Exercise induced rhabdomyolysis is a complication of long-chain 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase (LCHAD) and mitochondrial trifunctional protein (TFP) deficiency. that frequently leads to exercise avoidance. Dietary therapy for most subjects includes medium-chain triglyceride (MCT) supplementation but analysis of diet records indicates that the majority of patients consume oral MCT only with breakfast and at bedtime. We hypothesized that MCT immediately prior to exercise would provide an alternative fuel source during that bout of exercise and improve exercise tolerance in children with LCHAD deficiency. Nine subjects completed two 45 min moderate intensity (60-70% predicted maximum heart rate (HR)) treadmill exercise tests. Subjects were given 4 oz of orange juice alone or orange juice and 0.5 g MCT per kg lean body mass, 20 min prior to exercise in a randomized cross-over design. ECG and respiratory gas exchange including respiratory quotient (RQ) were monitored. Blood levels of acylcarnitines, creatine kinase, lactate, and beta-hydroxybutyrate were measured prior to and immediately after exercise, and again following 20 min rest. Creatine kinase and lactate levels did not change with exercise. There was no significant difference in RQ between the two exercise tests but there was a decrease in steady-state FIR following MCT supplementation. Cumulative long-chain 3-hydroxyacylcarnitines were 30% lower and beta-hydroxybutyrate was three-fold higher after the MCT-pretreated exercise test compared to the test with orange juice alone. Coordinating MCT supplementation with periods of increased activity may improve the metabolic control of children with LCHAD and TFP deficiency following exercise. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Perinatal exposure to high dietary advanced glycation end products affects the reproductive system in female offspring in mice$$$ Maternal nutrition and the intrauterine environment are important in determining susceptibility to reproductive and metabolic disturbances. Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are widely consumed in Western diet. The purpose of this study was to determine whether perinatal exposure to a high levels of dietary AGEs affect metabolic and reproductive parameters in female mice offspring. Female CD1 mice, 7 weeks old, were placed on either a diet low (L-AGE) or high (H-AGE) in AGEs before mating and then during pregnancy and lactation. All offspring were weaned onto the L-AGE diet and studied through to 16 weeks of age; they were counted and weighed at birth and then every week for a total of 11 weeks. Vaginal opening, litter size, growth curve, liver and abdominal fat weights, serum levels of anti-Mullerian hormone, leptin and adiponectin, as well as insulin and glucose tolerance tests were compared. Ovaries were harvested for follicular count and gene expression by real-time polymerase chain reaction. Compared to perinatal exposure to the LAGE diet, perinatal exposure to the H-AGE diet caused lower body weight at birth, and adult offspring exhibited delayed growth, lower serum leptin and adiponectin levels, delayed vaginal opening, irregular oestrous cyclicity, arrested follicular development and significant alterations in the expression of genes involved in folliculogenesis (Amh and Amhr2) and steroidogenesis (Cyp19a1). These results indicate that perinatal exposure to a diet elevated in AGEs causes deficits in perinatal growth, pubertal onset, and reproductive organ development in female mice. Whether these findings translate to humans remains to be determined in future studies.
Diagnosis, treatment and prevention of pediatric obesity: consensus position statement of the Italian Society for Pediatric Endocrinology and Diabetology and the Italian Society of Pediatrics$$$ The Italian Consensus Position Statement on Diagnosis, Treatment and Prevention of Obesity in Children and Adolescents integrates and updates the previous guidelines to deliver an evidence based approach to the disease. The following areas were reviewed: (1) obesity definition and causes of secondary obesity; (2) physical and psychosocial comorbidities; (3) treatment and care settings; (4) prevention. The main novelties deriving from the Italian experience lie in the definition, screening of the cardiometabolic and hepatic risk factors and the endorsement of a staged approach to treatment. The evidence based efficacy of behavioral intervention versus pharmacological or surgical treatments is reported. Lastly, the prevention by promoting healthful diet, physical activity, sleep pattern, and environment is strongly recommended since the intrauterine phase.
A Novel Mapping Strategy Utilizing Mouse Chromosome Substitution Strains Identifies Multiple Epistatic Interactions That Regulate Complex Traits$$$ The genetic contribution of additive vs. non-additive (epistatic) effects in the regulation of complex traits is unclear. While genome-wide association studies typically ignore gene-gene interactions, in part because of the lack of statistical power for detecting them, mouse chromosome substitution strains (CSSs) represent an alternate approach for detecting epistasis given their limited allelic variation. Therefore, we utilized CSSs to identify and map both additive and epistatic loci that regulate a range of hematologic- and metabolism-related traits, as well as hepatic gene expression. Quantitative trait loci (QTL) were identified using a CSS-based backcross strategy involving the segregation of variants on the A/J-derived substituted chromosomes 4 and 6 on an otherwise C57BL/6J genetic background. In the liver transcriptomes of offspring from this cross, we identified and mapped additive QTL regulating the hepatic expression of 768 genes, and epistatic QTL pairs for 519 genes. Similarly, we identified additive QTL for fat pad weight, platelets, and the percentage of granulocytes in blood, as well as epistatic QTL pairs controlling the percentage of lymphocytes in blood and red cell distribution width. The variance attributed to the epistatic QTL pairs was approximately equal to that of the additive QTL; however, the SNPs in the epistatic QTL pairs that accounted for the largest variances were undetected in our single locus association analyses. These findings highlight the need to account for epistasis in association studies, and more broadly demonstrate the importance of identifying genetic interactions to understand the complete genetic architecture of complex traits.
Oral health's inextricable connection to systemic health: Special populations bring to bear multimodal relationships and factors connecting periodontal disease to systemic diseases and conditions$$$ The landscape in dentistry is changing as emerging studies continue to reveal that periodontal health impacts systemic health, and vice versa. Population studies, clinical studies, and in vitro animal studies underscore the critical importance of oral health to systemic health. These inextricable relationships come to the forefront as oral diseases, such as periodontal disease, take root. Special populations bring to bear the multimodal relationships between oral and systemic health. Specifically, periodontal disease has been associated with diabetes, metabolic syndrome, obesity, eating disorders, liver disease, cardiovascular disease, Alzheimer disease, rheumatoid arthritis, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and cancer. Although bidirectional relationships are recognized, the potential for multiple comorbidities, relationships, and connections (multimodal relationships) also exists. Proposed mechanisms that mediate this connection between oral and systemic health include predisposing and precipitating factors, such as genetic factors (gene polymorphisms), environmental factors (stress, habits-such as smoking and high-fat diets/consumption of highly processed foods), medications, microbial dysbiosis and bacteremias/viremias/microbemias, and an altered host immune response. Thus, in a susceptible host, these predisposing and precipitating factors trigger the onset of periodontal disease and systemic disease/conditions. Further, high-throughput sequencing technologies are shedding light on the dark matter that comprises the oral microbiome. This has resulted in better characterization of the oral microbial dysbiosis, including putative bacterial periodontopathogens and shifts in oral virome composition during disease. Multiple laboratory and clinical studies have illustrated that both eukaryotic and prokaryotic viruses within subgingival plaque and periodontal tissues affect periodontal inflammation, putative periodontopathogens, and the host immune response. Although the association between herpesviruses and periodontitis and the degree to which these viruses directly aggravate periodontal tissue damage remain unclear, the benefits to periodontal health found from prolonged administration of antivirals in immunocompromised or immunodeficient individuals demonstrates that specific populations are possibly more susceptible to viral periodontopathogens. Thus, it may be important to further examine the implications of viral pathogen involvement in periodontitis and perhaps it is time to embrace the viral dark matter within the periodontal environment to fully comprehend the pathogenesis and systemic implications of periodontitis. Emerging data from the coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic further underscores the inextricable connection between oral and systemic health, with high levels of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 receptor noted on oral tissues (tongue) and an allostatic load or overload paradigm of chronic stress likely contributing to rapid breakdown of oral/dental, periodontal, and peri-implant tissues. These associations exist within a framework of viremias/bacteremias/microbemias, systemic inflammation, and/or disturbances of the immune system in a susceptible host. A thorough review of systemic and oral diseases and conditions and their mechanistic, predisposing, and precipitating factors are paramount to better addressing the oral and systemic health and needs of our patients.
Insulin Resistance in Children: Consensus, Perspective, and Future Directions$$$ Objective: Emerging data indicate that insulin resistance is common among children and adolescents and is related to cardiometabolic risk, therefore requiring consideration early in life. However, there is still confusion on how to define insulin resistance, how to measure it, what its risk factors are, and whether there are effective strategies to prevent and treat it. A consensus conference was organized in order to clarify these points. Participants: The consensus was internationally supported by all the major scientific societies in pediatric endocrinology and 37 participants. Evidence: An independent and systematic search of the literature was conducted to identify key articles relating to insulin resistance in children. Consensus Process: The conference was divided into five themes and working groups: background and definition; methods of measurement and screening; risk factors and consequences; prevention; and treatment. Each group selected key issues, searched the literature, and developed a draft document. During a 3-d meeting, these papers were debated and finalized by each group before presenting them to the full forum for further discussion and agreement. Conclusions: Given the current childhood obesity epidemic, insulin resistance in children is an important issue confronting health care professionals. There are no clear criteria to define insulin resistance in children, and surrogate markers such as fasting insulin are poor measures of insulin sensitivity. Based on current screening criteria and methodology, there is no justification for screening children for insulin resistance. Lifestyle interventions including diet and exercise can improve insulin sensitivity, whereas drugs should be implemented only in selected cases. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 95: 5189-5198, 2010)
