Current updates on newer forms of transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression.$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an FDA-approved technique for treating medication-resistant depression. Conventional rTMS includes high frequency (HF) to left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and low frequency to right DLPFC. However, not all depressed patients could benefit from standard rTMS protocols. Meta-analytical evidence indicated that there was an average response rate of 29.3% for patients receiving the most commonly adopted HF rTMS to the left DLPFC. Hence, newer forms of rTMS paradigms are warranted to improve antidepressant response and remission rate in patients with depression, especially those who are refractory to adequate antidepressant trials. In the current chapter, we review newer forms of rTMS paradigms and the content will cover standard theta burst stimulation (TBS), prolonged iTBS (piTBS), accelerated rTMS (aTMS), deep TMS (dTMS), priming TMS (pTMS), synchronized TMS (sTMS), and magnetic seizure therapy (MST). (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Brain stimulation treatment for bipolar disorder.$$$ Aims: Bipolar disorders are clinically complex, chronic and recurrent disorders. Few treatment options are effective across hypomanic, manic, depressive and mixed states and as continuation or maintenance treatment after initial symptom remission. The aim of this review was to provide an up-to- date overview of research on the efficacy, tolerability and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), magnetic seizure therapy (MST), deep brain stimulation (DBS) and vagus nerve stimulation (VNS). Methods: References included in this review were identified through multiple searches of the Embase, PubMed/MEDLINE and APA PsycINFO electronic databases for articles published from inception until February 2022. Published reviews, meta-analyses, randomised controlled trials and recent studies were prioritised to provide a comprehensive and up-to- date overview of research on brain stimulation in patients with bipolar disorders. Results: The evidence base for brain stimulation as an add-on or alternative to pharmacological and psychological treatments in patients with bipolar disorders is limited but rapidly expanding. Brain stimulation treatments represent an opportunity to treat all bipolar disorder states, including cognitive dysfunction during euthymic periods. Conclusion: Whilst findings to date have been encouraging, larger randomised controlled trials with long-term follow-up are needed to clarify important questions regarding treatment efficacy and tolerability, the frequency of treatment-emergent affective switches and effects on cognitive function. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Characterizing cortical oscillatory responses in major depressive disorder before and after convulsive therapy: A TMS-EEG study.$$$ Background: Combined transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroencephalography (TMS-EEG) is emerging as a powerful technique for interrogating neural circuit dysfunction in psychiatric disorders. Here, we utilized time-frequency analyses to characterize differences in neural oscillatory dynamics between subjects with major depressive disorder (MDD) and healthy controls (HC). We further examined changes in TMS-related oscillatory power following convulsive therapy. Methods: Oscillatory power was examined following TMS over the dorsolateral prefrontal and motor cortices (DLPFC and M1) in 38 MDD subjects, and 22 HCs. We further investigated how these responses changed in the MDD group following an acute course of convulsive therapy (either magnetic seizure therapy [MST, n = 24] or electroconvulsive therapy [ECT, n = 14]). Results: Prior to treatment, MDD subjects exhibited increased oscillatory power within delta, theta, and alpha frequency bands with TMS-EEG over the DLPFC, but showed no differences to HCs with stimulation over M1. Following MST, DLPFC stimulation revealed attenuated baseline-normalized power in the delta and theta bands, with reductions in the delta, theta, and alpha power following ECT. TMS over M1 revealed reduced delta and theta power following ECT, with no changes observed following MST. An association was also observed between the treatment- induced change in alpha power and depression severity score. Limitations: Limitations include the modest sample size, open-label MST and ECT treatment designs, and lack of a placebo condition. Conclusions: These results provide evidence of alterations in TMS-related oscillatory activity in MDD, and further suggest modulation of oscillatory power following ECT and MST. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
Efficacy and acceptability of non-invasive brain stimulation for the treatment of adult unipolar and bipolar depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised sham-controlled trials.$$$ We examined the efficacy and acceptability of non-invasive brain stimulation in adult unipolar and bipolar depression. Randomised sham-controlled trials of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and theta-burst stimulation (TBS), without co-initiation of another treatment, were included. We analysed effects on response, remission, all-cause discontinuation rates and continuous depression severity measures. Fifty-six studies met our criteria for inclusion (N = 3058, mean age = 44.96 years, 61.73% female). Response rates demonstrated efficacy of high-frequency rTMS over the left DLPFC (OR = 3.75, 95% CI [2.44; 5.75]), right-sided low-frequency rTMS (OR = 7.44, 95%CI [2.06; 26.83]) bilateral rTMS (OR = 3.68,95%CI [1.66; 8.13]), deep TMS (OR = 1.69, 95%CI [1.003; 2.85]), intermittent TBS (OR = 4.70, 95%CI [1.14; 19.38]) and tDCS (OR = 4.17, 95% CI [2.25; 7.74]); but not for continuous TBS, bilateral TBS or synchronised TMS. There were no differences in all-cause discontinuation rates. The strongest evidence was for high-frequency rTMS over the left DLPFC. Intermittent TBS provides an advance in terms of reduced treatment duration. tDCS is a potential treatment for non-treatment resistant depression. To date, there is not sufficient published data available to draw firm conclusions about the efficacy and acceptability of TBS and sTMS. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
Management of treatment-resistant depression: Somatic nonpharmacological therapies.$$$ As psychotropic medications and evidence-based psychotherapies emerged in the 1950s and 1960s, the use of somatic, nonpharmacological therapies diminished. However, over the past few decades, interest in these treatments has increased. This has been guided by a growing recognition of the limits of medications and psychotherapy for treating severe psychiatric illness, including treatment-resistant depression (TRD), as well as improved models of the neut al systems involved in regulating mood, thought, and behavior (spurred by a rapidly developing neuroimaging database). This chapter will first review the somatic, nonpharmacological therapies currently available for the treatment of depression and TRD, including electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), ablative neurosurgery, vagus nerve stimulation (VNS), and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). Subsequently, emerging therapies will be discussed, including transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), magnetic seizure therapy (MST), direct cortical stimulation (DCS), and deep brain stimulation (DBS). In a summary section, these various treatments will be assessed with regard to where each might fit into the broader TRD treatment repertoire. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved)
Transcranial and invasive brain stimulation for depression.$$$ Considering the substantial proportion of depressed patients which does not sufficiently benefit from antidepressant pharmacotherapy or psychotherapy, there is increasing interest in non-pharmacological antidepressant strategies. Thus, a whole array of stimulation approaches has been developed as potential new antidepressant interventions. These methods include transcranial convulsive and non-convulsive approaches, e.g. electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), magnetic seizure therapy (MST), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) as well as invasive techniques, e.g. deep brain stimulation (DBS), vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) and epidural cortical stimulation (ECS). Each method represents a specific therapeutic approach with distinct targets within neural networks involved in the pathophysiology of depression. The ECT procedure is an established treatment with the highest efficacy of all antidepressant interventions and TMS reaches the highest level of evidence among the novel neurostimulation approaches and may be clinically used. However, the field yields a promising rapid development which may substantially enrich the armamentarium of antidepressant interventions in the near future. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
Brain stimulation in posttraumatic stress disorder.$$$ Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is a complex, heterogeneous disorder that develops following trauma and often includes perceptual, cognitive, affective, physiological, and psychological features. PTSD is characterized by hyperarousal, intrusive thoughts, exaggerated startle response, flashbacks, nightmares, sleep disturbances, emotional numbness, and persistent avoidance of trauma-associated stimuli. The efficacy of available treatments for PTSD may result in part from relief of associated depressive and anxiety-related symptoms in addition to treatment of core symptoms that derive from reexperiencing, numbing, and hyperarousal. Diverse, heterogeneous mechanisms of action and the ability to act broadly or very locally may enable brain stimulation devices to address PTSD core symptoms in more targeted ways. To achieve this goal, specific theoretical bases derived from novel, well-designed research protocols will be necessary. Brain stimulation devices include both long-used and new electrical and magnetic devices. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and Cranial electrotherapy stimulation (CES) have both been in use for decades; transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), magnetic seizure therapy (MST), deep brain stimulation (DBS), transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS), and vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) have been developed recently, over approximately the past twenty years. The efficacy of brain stimulation has been demonstrated as a treatment for psychiatric and neurological disorders such as anxiety (CES), depression (ECT, CES, rTMS, VNS, DBS), obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) (DBS), essential tremor, dystonia (DBS), epilepsy (DBS, VNS), Parkinson Disease (DBS), pain (CES), and insomnia (CES). To date, limited data on brain stimulation for PTSD offer only modest guidance. ECT has shown some efficacy in reducing comorbid depression in PTSD patients but has not been demonstrated to improve most core PTSD symptoms. CES and VNS have shown some efficacy in reducing anxiety, findings that may suggest possible utility in relieving PTSD-associated anxiety. Treatment of animal models of PTSD with DBS suggests potential human benefit. Additional research and novel treatment options for PTSD are urgently needed. The potential usefulness of brain stimulation in treating PTSD deserves further exploration. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved)
Comparative efficacy and acceptability of non-surgical brain stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes in adults: Systematic review and network meta-analysis.$$$ Objective: To estimate the comparative clinical efficacy and acceptability of non-surgical brain stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes in adults. Design: Systematic review with pairwise and network metaanalysis. Data Sources: Electronic search of Embase, PubMed/Medline, and PsycINFO up to 8 May 2018, supplemented by manual searches of bibliographies of several reviews (published between 2009 and 2018) and included trials. Eligibility Criteria for Selecting Studies: Clinical trials with random allocation to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), transcranial magnetic stimulation (repetitive (rTMS), accelerated, priming, deep, and synchronised), theta burst stimulation, magnetic seizure therapy, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), or sham therapy. Main Outcomes Measures: Primary outcomes were response (efficacy) and all cause discontinuation (discontinuation of treatment for any reason) (acceptability), presented as odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals. Remission and continuous depression severity scores after treatment were also examined. Results: 13 trials (262 treatment arms) that randomised 6750 patients (mean age 47.9 years; 59% women) with major depressive disorder or bipolar depression met the inclusion criteria. The most studied treatment comparisons were high frequency left rTMS and tDCS versus sham therapy, whereas recent treatments remain understudied. The quality of the evidence was typically of low or unclear risk of bias (94 out of 113 trials, 83%) and the precision of summary estimates for treatment effect varied considerably. In network meta-analysis, 10 out of 18 treatment strategies were associated with higher response compared with sham therapy: bitemporal ECT (summary odds ratio 8.91, 95% confidence interval 2.57 to 30.91), high dose right unilateral ECT (7.27, 1.90 to 27.78), priming transcranial magnetic stimulation (6.02, 2.21 to 16.38), magnetic seizure therapy (5.55, 1.06 to 28.99), bilateral rTMS (4.92, 2.93 to 8.25), bilateral theta burst stimulation (4.44, 1.47 to 13.41), low frequency right rTMS (3.65, 2.13 to 6.24), intermittent theta burst stimulation (3.20, 1.45 to 7.08), high frequency left rTMS (3.17, 2.29 to 4.37), and tDCS (2.65, 1.55 to 4.55). Network meta-analytic estimates of active interventions contrasted with another active treatment indicated that bitemporal ECT and high dose right unilateral ECT were associated with increased response. All treatment strategies were at least as acceptable as sham therapy. Conclusions: These findings provide evidence for the consideration of non-surgical brain stimulation techniques as alternative or add-on treatments for adults with major depressive episodes. These findings also highlight important research priorities in the specialty of brain stimulation, such as the need for further well designed randomised controlled trials comparing novel treatments, and sham controlled trials investigating magnetic seizure therapy. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved)
A pilot study of the comparative efficacy of 100 Hz magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in persistent depression.$$$ Background: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a novel brain stimulation technique that uses a high-powered transcranial magnetic stimulation device to produce therapeutic seizures. Preliminary MST studies have found antidepressant effects in the absence of cognitive side effects but its efficacy compared to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains unclear. The aim of this study was to investigate the therapeutic efficacy and cognitive profile of MST compared to standard right unilateral ECT treatment. Methods: Thirty-seven patients completed a course of at least nine ECT or MST treatments in a randomized double-blind protocol. Assessments of depression severity and cognition were performed before and after treatment. Results: No difference in the antidepressant effectiveness between the treatments was seen across any of the clinical outcome measures, although the overall response rates in both groups were quite low. In regards to cognition, following MST there were significant improvements in tests of psychomotor speed, verbal memory, and cognitive inhibition, with no reductions in cognitive performance. Following ECT there was significant improvement in only one of the cognitive inhibition tasks. With respect to the between-group comparisons, the MST group showed a significantly greater improvement on psychomotor speed than ECT. Conclusions: MST showed similar efficacy to right unilateral ECT in patients with treatment-resistant depression without cognitive side effects but in a sample that was only of sufficient size to demonstrate relatively large differences in response between the two groups. Future research should aim to optimize the methods ofMST administration and compare its efficacy to ECT in large randomized controlled trials. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Brain stimulation therapies: Vagus nerve stimulation, transcranial magnetic stimulation, transcranial direct current stimulation, and deep brain stimulation.$$$ In contrast with Chapter 10, which covers electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and two newer techniques designed to produce intentional therapeutic seizures (focal electrically administered seizure therapy and magnetic seizure therapy), in this chapter we describe the rapidly expanding field of nonseizure- producing techniques, in which the brain is focally stimulated using a range of methods, none of which intentionally causes a seizure. These methods essentially deliver a dose of electricity to the brain that ultimately improves behavior and emotions. We first describe and review the noninvasive methods of testing circuit-based theories and treating neuropsychiatric diseases that do not involve implanting electrodes into the brain or on its surface. These techniques are vagus nerve stimulation (VNS), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). We conclude the chapter by discussing the most invasive method of nonconvulsive brain stimulation, called deep brain stimulation (DBS), or a superficial variant, called epidural cortical stimulation. This rapidly changing and fertile area is beginning to impact neuropsychiatric practice, with particular relevance for geriatric psychiatry because elderly patients are more susceptible to systemic medication side effects. Within the last 10 years, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved three of these approaches as therapies for different neuropsychiatric conditions, and several of the approvals, particularly in psychiatry, were within the past 5 years. For each of these technologies, we briefly describe the technique and the major ideas concerning mechanisms of action and then touch on safety. We also overview the research and clinical uses. There are now entire journals devoted to the field of brain stimulation (Sackeim and George 2008) and entire books devoted to each of the individual techniques (e.g., George and Belmaker 2006) as well as in-depth overviews (e.g., Higgins and George 2009). The interested reader is referred to these. This chapter focuses on a quick and precise introduction to each technology from a neuropsychiatric perspective, with a focus on emerging clinical applications and research uses pertinent to the preceding chapters and theories. One of the recurring themes regarding each of the techniques is finding the optimum dose of electricity needed for adequate treatment. Termed use parameters, these include the pulse width, current direction, intensity, frequency, duty cycle, and overall dose as well as dosing scheme. The future of the promising field of brain stimulation will undoubtedly involve better translating the knowledge gained about appropriate use parameters from preclinical cellular and nonhuman animal studies into clinical brain stimulation therapeutic uses. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved)
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of mood disorder: A review and comparison with electroconvulsive therapy.$$$ Reviews repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as a mode of therapy for depression. The following aspects of rTMS were reviewed and compared with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT): history, basic principles, technical considerations, possible mode of action, safety, adverse effects, and effects on mood in both healthy individuals and those suffering from bipolar disorder or depression. rTMS may selectively increase or decrease neuronal activity over discrete brain regions. As a result of this focused intervention with TMS, the potential for unwanted side effects is substantially reduced, compared with ECT. In open trials, rTMS and ECT are reported to be equally efficacious for patients having depression without psychosis, but the therapeutic benefits reported in double-blind sham-rTMS controlled trials are more modest. The antidepressant and antimanic effects of rTMS depend on technical considerations such as stimulus frequency, intensity, and magnetic coil placement, which may not yet be optimized. Biological heterogeneity among the patients treated with rTMS may also contribute to differing efficacy across clinical trials. rTMS may possess tremendous potential as a treatment for mood disorder, but this has not yet been realized. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
Clinical effectiveness of non-TMS neurostimulation in depression: Clinical trials from 2010 to 2020.$$$ Objective: Treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD) have evolved, although there is still a strong unmet need for more effective and tolerable options. The present study summarizes and discusses recent evidence regarding the non-transcranial magnetic stimulation (non-TMS) neurostimulation treatment for MDD. Methods: The authors reviewed non-TMS neurostimulation clinical trials for MDD between 2010 and 2020. Electroconvulsive therapy was not included in this review. A systematic review was performed in MEDLINE database through PubMed, the Cochrane Collaboration's Clinical Trials Register (CENTRAL), PsycINFO and Thomson Reuters's Web of Science. Results: Only 20 articles met the inclusion criteria. Randomized controlled trials demonstrated efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in five of seven trials. tDCS augmented with sertraline, fluoxetine, citalopram and escitalopram was superior to placebo and to tDCS only. A comparative trial demonstrated that the duration of tDCS sessions can modulate the effectiveness of this treatment. Open trials indicated that deep brain stimulation, epidural cortical stimulation, trigeminal nerve stimulation, magnetic seizure therapy and vagus nerve stimulation may be effective in treatment-resistant depression. Conclusion: This review confirmed the efficacy of tDCS in MDD. Despite new evidence showing effectiveness for other non-TMS neurostimulation, their effectiveness is still unclear. Non-TMS neurostimulation RCTs with large samples and head-to-head studies comparing non-TMS neurostimulation and gold standard pharmacological treatments are still lacking. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
Electroconvulsive treatment and new techniques of electrical and magnetic stimulation in treatment of depression-Question of placebo and warranting of blind conditions, as well as other methodological problems.$$$ Testing new therapeutic methods requires the confirmation so their efficacy, application and their safety. So that the specific and subjective factors do not influence the evaluation, it is necessary to assure suitable conditions-enclosing carrying out of the investigations in control to placebo and providing blinding conditions. In the case of pharmacological investigations it is possible and necessary to fulfil the most raw investigation criteria. Examinations of physical methods meet essential obstacles by granting of these criteria. The paper describes these impediments and methodological difficulties which accompany investigations on the following techniques: electroconvulsive treatment ECT, nerve vagus stimulation NVS, magnetic seizure therapy MST/magnetoconvulsive therapy MCT, the deep brain stimulation DBS and trancranial direct current stimulation tDCS. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
Treatment of depression in the elderly with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using theta-burst stimulation: Study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, controlled trial.$$$ Introduction: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a consolidated procedure for the treatment of depression, with several meta-analyses demonstrating its efficacy. Theta-burst stimulation (TBS) is a modification of TMS with similar efficacy and shorter session duration. The geriatric population has many comorbidities and a high prevalence of depression, but few clinical trials are conducted specifically for this age group. TBS could be an option in this population, offering the advantages of few side effects and no pharmacological interactions. Therefore, our aim is to investigate the efficacy of TBS in geriatric depression. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation to induce seizures in an epilepsy monitoring unit.$$$ Epilepsy is a common neurological disorder affecting about 1% of the population. Although medications effectively control seizures in many patients, 20-40% of patients are refractory to antiepileptic medications. The efficacy of epilepsy surgery depends on the precise localization of the epileptic focus, and for this patients are typically admitted to an epilepsy monitoring unit (EMU) for continuous video-EEG recording. Considerable waiting lists for EMU admissions imply that reducing average EMU length of stay could have major benefits in overall patient care. Typically, hastening seizure occurrence in an EMU relies mainly on tapering anti-epileptic medications, and, to a lesser extent, on non-invasive measures such as sleep deprivation, hyperventilation or photic stimulation. Another non-invasive method, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), can be used to increase cortical excitability and thus could potentially be used to purposefully induce seizures in patients with epilepsy, although TMS has not been studied for this purpose. High frequency bursts of TMS known as theta burst stimulation (TBS) are known to alter cortical excitability in such a way that continuous TBS (cTBS) decreases cortical excitability whereas intermittent TBS (iTBS) increases cortical excitability. Seizure induction with cTBS has been reported in a healthy subject without risk factors for epilepsy, and in a study of 18 healthy individuals cTBS applied to the right operculo-insular cortex was reported to induce one confirmed generalized seizure and one suspected partial seizure. However, this protocol has not been studied in patients with epilepsy to induce seizures. Hence, we investigated the effects of cTBS as well as iTBS in patients during their EMU stay with the objective of determining whether seizures could be reliably induced using TBS protocols. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
A case report of continuous theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation induced seizures in a patient with bipolar depression on selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors.$$$ Presents case report of 22-year-old unmarried male and graduate law student, with a history of impulsivity and anxiety traits. The current presentation was with a five-month history of pervasive low mood, anhedonia, anergia, guilt, suicidal ideation, and decreased sleep and appetite. Persistent depressive symptoms despite two weeks of treatment led to the consideration of rTMS as an augmentation strategy. The stimulation parameters employed bilateral sequential theta burst protocol (1800 pulses each of intermittent TBS at left DLPFC followed by continuous TBS at right DLPFC). . During the 13th train of the fourth session (cTBS session to right DLPFC), the patient experienced a pulling sensation at the left jaw, followed by clonic facial grimace and subsequent tonic-clonic movements of the left upper limb lasting 60 seconds. He was observed to be confused for about a minute thereafter. TMS was immediately discontinued, and supportive measures were initiated. The interplay between rTMS-induced serotonin pathway modulation and lowered seizure threshold warrants further investigation. Considering the neuromodulatory effects of TMS on neurotransmitter systems, particularly serotonin, caution may be advised, especially in cases with multiple serotonergic antidepressants use and suprathreshold cTBS. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2024 APA, all rights reserved)
Treatment of mixed depression with theta-burst stimulation (TBS): Results from a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled clinical trial.$$$ Mixed depression is probably different in terms of clinical course and response to treatment. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is well established in non-mixed depression, and theta-burst stimulation (TBS) protocol is replacing conventional protocols because of noninferiority and reduced delivery time. However, TBS has not been adequately studied in mixed states. This study was a double-blind, six-week, sham-controlled, and randomized clinical trial of bilateral TBS targeting the right and left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, respectively. Adults with bipolar and major depressive disorder experiencing an acute mixed depression were eligible if they had not benefited from a first- or second-line treatment for acute unipolar or bipolar depression recommended by the Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments. Out of 100 patients included, 90 composed modified intention-to-treat sample, which was patients that completed at least one week of the intervention. There were no significant differences in Montgomery-Asberg depression rating scale score changes (least squares mean difference between groups at week 3, -0.06 [95% CI, -3.39 to 3.51; P = 0.97] in favor of sham TBS). Response and remission rates per MADRS were also not statistically different among active and sham groups (35.7% vs. 43.7%, and 28.5% vs. 37.5% respectively at week 6, ps > 0.51). No other analyses from baseline to weeks 3 or 6 revealed significant time x group interaction or mean differences among groups in the mITT sample. Bilateral TBS targeting the DLPFC is not efficacious as an add-on treatment of acute bipolar and unipolar mixed depression. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Continuous theta burst stimulation for bipolar depression: A multicenter, double-blind randomized controlled study exploring treatment efficacy and predictive potential of kynurenine metabolites.$$$ Background: While theta burst stimulation (TBS) shows promise in Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), its effectiveness in bipolar depression (BD-D) remains uncertain. Optimizing treatment parameters is crucial in the pursuit of rapid symptom relief. Moreover, aligning with personalized treatment strategies and increased interest in immunopsychiatry, biomarker-based stratification of patients most likely to benefit from TBS might improve remission rates. We investigated treatment effectiveness of continuous TBS (cTBS) compared to sham in BD-D, and assessed the capacity of plasma kynurenine pathway metabolites to predict treatment outcome. Methods: Thirty-seven patients with BD-D underwent accelerated active or sham cTBS treatment in a multicenter, double-blind, randomized controlled trial. Depressive symptoms were measured with the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) before treatment (T0), 3-4 days posttreatment (T1) and 10-11 days posttreatment (T2). Plasma tryptophan, kynurenine, kynurenic acid and quinolinic acid concentrations were quantified with ELISA. Linear mixed models were used for statistical analyses. Results: Although the total sample showed depressive symptom improvement, active cTBS did not demonstrate greater symptom alleviation compared to sham. However, higher baseline quinolinic acid significantly predicted symptom improvement in the active treatment group, not in sham-stimulated patients. Limitations: The modest sample size limited the power to detect significant differences with regard to treatment effect. Also, the follow-up period was 10-11 days, whereas similar studies usually follow up for at least one month. Conclusion: More research is required to optimize cTBS for BD-D and explore the involvement of quinolinic acid in treatment outcome. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2024 APA, all rights reserved)
Bilateral prefrontal rTMS and theta burst TMS as an add-on treatment for depression: A randomized placebo controlled trial.$$$ Objectives: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the left dorsolateral-prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) exerts antidepressant effects. In this randomised controlled clinical trial we aimed to test the safety and therapeutic efficacy of bilateral theta-burst stimulation (TBS) as an add-on therapy to standard treatment of major depression. Methods. Fifty-six patients diagnosed with a moderate to severe depressive episode received 15 daily treatments of either rTMS (110% motor-threshold; rightDLPFC, 1000 stimuli at 1 Hz + leftDLPFC, 1000 stimuli at 10 Hz), theta-burst stimulation (80% motor-threshold; rightDLPFC, continuous TBS, 1200 stimuli + leftDLPFC, intermittent TBS, 1200 stimuli), or sham TMS (N = 17, sham coil with the TBS protocol). Results. There was no signifi cant effect in the primary outcome measures (change of the 21-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression). However, there was a tendency towards an increased responder rate at the end of the follow-up period for both active treatments as compared to sham, and this tendency was most pronounced for the TBS group. Conclusions. This pilot study did not reveal significant advantages of bilateral TBS or rTMS over sham treatment as an add-on treatment for major depression. A tendency towards a superior effect of bilateral TBS at the end of the follow-up period may warrant further studies. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Efficacy of intensive orbitofrontal continuous theta burst stimulation (iOFcTBS) in obsessive compulsive disorder: A randomized placebo controlled study.$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) can non-invasively modulate specific brain regions in Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Citing orbito-frontal cortex (OFC) hyper-connectivity with striatum as the most consistent finding implicated in patho-physiologically of OCD, we aimed to study the effect of novel continuous Theta Burst Stimulation (cTBS) targeting OFC in OCD subjects on a randomized placebo control design. Thirty-three patients were randomly allocated to active cTBS (n= 18) and sham (n= 15) groups. They received 10 TBS sessions, 2 per day (total of 1200 pulses; intensive protocol) for 5 days in a week. The Yale Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS), Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAM-A), and Clinical Global Impression-Severity (CGI-S) scores were assessed at baseline, after last session and at 2 weeks post-rTMS. On repeated measures-ANOVA, a significant group*time effect (from pretreatment to 2 weeks post TBS) for obsessions, compulsions, HAM-A, HAM-D, and CGI scores was found. But when controlled for confounding variables, only HAM-A scores and CGI effect retained statistical significance. We conclude that intensive OFC cTBS (iOFcTBS) in OCD is well tolerated with clinically significant improvements in anxiety symptoms and global severity. This improvement in anxiety symptoms could be due to modulations of state dependent dysregulation in OCD. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Theta burst stimulation in the rehabilitation of the upper limb: A semirandomized, placebo-controlled trial in chronic stroke patients.$$$ Background: Noninvasive cortical stimulation could represent an add-on treatment to enhance motor recovery after stroke. However, its clinical value, including anticipated size and duration of the treatment effects, remains largely unknown. Objective: The authors designed a small semi-randomized clinical trial to explore whether long-lasting clinically important gains can be achieved by adding theta burst stimulation (TBS), a form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), to a rehabilitation program for the hand. Methods: A total of 41 chronic stroke patients received excitatory TBS to the ipsilesional hemisphere or inhibitory TBS to the contralesional hemisphere in 2 centers; each active group was compared with a group receiving sham TBS. TBS was followed by physical therapy for 10 working days. Patients and therapists were blinded to the type of TBS. Primary outcome measures (9-hole Peg Test [9HPT], Jebsen Taylor Test [JTT], and grip and pinch-grip dynamometry) were assessed 4, 30, and 90 days post treatment. The clinically important difference was defined as 10% of the maximum score. Results: There were no differences between the active treatment and sham groups in any of the outcome measures. All patients achieved small sustainable improvements-9 HPT, 5% of maximum (confidence interval [CI] = 3%-7%); JTT, 5.7% (CI = 3%-8%); and grip strength, 6% (CI = 2%-10%)-all below the defined clinically important level. Conclusions: Cortical stimulation did not augment the gains from a late rehabilitation program. The effect size anticipated by the authors was overestimated. These results can improve the design of future work on therapeutic uses of TMS. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
Effects of rubber hand illusion and excitatory theta burst stimulation on tactile sensation: A pilot study.$$$ Synchronous visuotactile stimulation on the own hidden hand and a visible fake limb can alter bodily self-perception and influence spontaneous neuroplasticity. The rubber hand illusion (RHI) paradigm experimentally produces an illusion of rubber hand ownership and arm shift by simultaneously stroking a rubber hand in view and a participant's visually occluded hand. The aim of this cross-over, placebo-controlled, single-blind study was to assess whether RHI, in combination with high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) given as intermittent (excitatory) theta burst stimulation (iTBS) applied over the hand area of the primary sensory region (S1) can enhance tactile sensation in a group of 21 healthy subjects and one patient with cervical spinal cord injury. Four sessions covered all combinations of real and sham stimulations of the RHI and the TBS: real TBS and real RHI, real TBS and sham RHI, sham TBS and real RHI, and both conditions sham. The condition sham TBS and real RHI shows the greatest effect on the proprioceptive drift (median 2.3 cm, IQR 2) and on the score of RHI questionnaires (median 3, IQR 2) in the control group as well as in the real-real condition (median 2, IQR 2). The sham TBS and real RHI condition also shows the best results in the electrical perception test of the patient (median 1.9 mA). Conversely, the upregulation of the cortical excitability of S1 via TBS seems to impair the effect of the RHI. This might be due to a strengthening of the top-down connection between the central nervous system and the periphery, diminishing the RHI. This finding helps in understanding the mechanisms of top-down and bottom-up mechanisms in healthy subjects and patients with spinal cord injury. The RHI paradigm could represent an interesting therapeutic approach in improving tactile sensation and rTMS techniques could modulate these effects. Yet, further studies are needed, to examine the direction of the interaction effect of TMS and RH. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Treatment of major depressive disorder with bilateral theta burst stimulation: Study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter trial (TBS-D).$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) is currently evolving as an effective and safe therapeutic tool in the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). However, already established rTMS treatment paradigms are rather time-consuming. With theta burst stimulation (TBS), a patterned form of rTMS, treatment time can be substantially reduced. Pilot studies and a randomized controlled trial (RCT) demonstrate non-inferiority of TBS to 10 Hz rTMS and support a wider use in MDD. Still, data from placebo-controlled multicenter RCTs are lacking. In this placebo-controlled multicenter study, 236 patients with MDD will be randomized to either intermittent TBS (iTBS) to the left and continuous TBS (cTBS) to the right dlPFC or bilateral sham stimulation (1:1 ratio). The treatment will be performed with 80% resting motor threshold intensity over six consecutive weeks (30 sessions). The primary outcome is the treatment response rate (Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale reduction >= 50%). The aim of the study is to confirm the superiority of active bilateral TBS compared to placebo treatment. In two satellite studies, we intend to identify possible MRI-based and (epi-)genetic predictors of responsiveness to TBS therapy. Positive results will support the clinical use of bilateral TBS as an advantageous, efficient, and well-tolerated treatment and pave the way for further individualization of MDD therapy. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
A lack of efficacy of continuous theta burst stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in autism: A double blind randomized sham-controlled trial.$$$ Although previous open-label trials suggest the therapeutic potential of inhibitory repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in autism spectrum disorder (ASD), methodological caveats exist. We conducted an 8-week randomized, double-blind shamcontrolled trial to investigate the efficacy of inhibitory continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS, a variant of rTMS) over the left DLPFC in individuals with ASD. Sixty children, adolescents and young adults (aged 8-30 years) with ASD without co-occurring intellectual disabilities were randomized to a 16-session 8-week cTBS versus sham stimulation course, with a follow-up 4 weeks after the trial. The Active group was not superior to the Sham group in any clinical or neuropsychological metrics at Week 8 or Week 12. Time effects of 8-week cTBS on symptoms and executive function were remarkable in both Active and Sham groups, with comparable response rates and effect sizes of changes in symptoms/cognition between groups. Our results from a sufficiently powered sample do not endorse the superior efficacy of cTBS over the left DLPFC to the shamed stimulation for children, adolescents and adults with ASD. These findings suggest that earlier positive open-label trial findings may be generalized by generalized/placebo effects. This highlights the urgent need for more rTMS/TBS studies with rigorous trial designs in ASD. Lay Summary Although previous open-label studies demonstrated the therapeutic effects of inhibitory repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in autism spectrum disorder (ASD), the results should be taken conservatively because of several methodological caveats. In our double-blinded, sham-controlled and randomized trial, we found 8-week inhibitory theta burst stimulation (TBS) over the DLPFC is safe and feasible in children, adolescents, and adults with ASD without co-occurring intellectual disabilities. We did not find that active stimulation was superior to the sham condition on clinical or neuropsychological measurements. Our study suggests that previous positive findings in open-label rTMS trials may be driven by generalized/ placebo effects, highlighting the urgent need for more rTMS/TBS studies with rig-orous trial designs in ASD. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Prolonged continuous theta burst stimulation of the motor cortex modulates cortical excitability but not pain perception.$$$ Over the past decade, theta-burst stimulation (TBS) has become a focus of interest in neurostimulatory research. Compared to conventional repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), TBS produces more robust changes in cortical excitability (CE). There is also some evidence of an analgesic effect of the method. Previously published studies have suggested that different TBS parameters elicit opposite effects of TBS on CE. While intermittent TBS (iTBS) facilitates CE, continuous TBS (cTBS) attenuates it. However, prolonged TBS (pTBS) with twice the number of stimuli produces the opposite effect. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study with healthy subjects (n = 24), we investigated the effects of various pTBS (cTBS, iTBS, and placebo TBS) over the right motor cortex on CE and pain perception. Changes in resting motor thresholds (RMTs) and absolute motor-evoked potential (MEP) amplitudes were assessed before and at two time-points (0-5 min; 40-45 min) after pTBS. Tactile and thermal pain thresholds were measured before and 5 min after application. Compared to the placebo, prolonged cTBS (pcTBS) transiently increased MEP amplitudes, while no significant changes were found after prolonged iTBS. However, the facilitation of CE after pcTBS did not induce a parallel analgesic effect. We confirmed that pcTBS with twice the duration converts the conventional inhibitory effect into a facilitatory one. Despite the short-term boost of CE following pcTBS, a corresponding analgesic effect was not demonstrated. Therefore, the results indicate a more complex regulation of pain, which cannot be explained entirely by the modulation of excitability. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
Non-invasive brain stimulation therapy in multiple sclerosis: A review of tDCS, rTMS and ECT results.$$$ Background: Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a disabling neurological disorder presenting a variety of symptoms which are hard to control by actual drug regimens. Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques have been investigated in the past years for the improvement of several neurologic and psychiatric disorders. Objective: Here, we review the application of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS, iTBS) and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in MS patients. Methods: Articles were searched in common literature databases. Crosslinks were reviewed. Results: ECT was shown to be efficacious for the treatment of severe psychiatric disorders in 21 case reports. The results of tDCS and TMS for the treatment of depressive symptoms, fatigue, tactile sensory deficit, pain, motor performance, and spasticity were assessed in several studies and showed mixed results. Conclusions: Overall, data for the treatment of MS with NIBS is sparse regarding TMS and tDCS. Treatment of severe psychiatric disorders with ECT is only reported in single cases. More studies are needed to elucidate the potential role of NIBS in MS treatment. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Theta burst stimulation of the prefrontal cortex: Safety and impact on cognition, mood, and resting electroencephalogram.$$$ Background: Because standard repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) protocols exhibit post-stimulus effects of short duration, novel protocols such as theta burst stimulation (TBS), are promising approaches to enhance the effectiveness of rTMS. However, little is known about the side effect profile of such protocols. Thus, the present study explores whether TBS is safe particularly in terms of effects on cognition, mood, and electroencephalogram (EEG) measures in healthy subjects. Methods: Twenty-four healthy volunteers participated in 2 randomized, placebo-controlled, cross-over experiments and underwent continuous TBS (cTBS), intermittent TBS (iTBS), and shamTBS either over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC, n = 12) or the medial prefrontal cortices (mPFC, n = 12). Clinical side effects, performance in a neuropsychological battery, mood changes, and resting EEG were recorded. Results: Neither a seizure nor epileptiform EEG activity was observed. The most prominent side effect was the occurrence of vagal reactions during TBS; otherwise no serious side effects were found. Standardized low-resolution brain electromagnetic tomography showed current density changes in the alpha2 band after iTBS of the DLPFC, which remained detectable up to 50 min after stimulation. The few changes in neuropsychological performance were concordant with stimulation site. No impact on mood was detected. Conclusions: Although TBS protocols of the human prefrontal cortex seem to be safe in healthy subjects, future studies need to address the occurrence of vagal reactions. Excitatory and inhibitory properties of motor cortex TBS might not be transferable to prefrontal sites, and the action of specific TBS protocols needs to be further investigated prior to clinical application. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
Bilateral theta burst stimulation for patients with acute unipolar or bipolar depressive episodes: A systematic review of randomized controlled studies.$$$ Objective: This meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluated the overall efficacy and safety of bilateral theta-burst stimulation (TBS) as an intervention for patients with mood disorders. Methods: A systematic search (up to December 7, 2022) of RCTs was conducted to address the study aims. A random-effects meta-analysis was performed by including study-defined responses and remission as primary outcomes. Results: Analyses included six RCTs comprising 285 participants with major depressive disorder (MDD) (n = 233) or a depressive episode in the course of bipolar disorder (BD) (n = 52) who had undergone active bilateral TBS (n = 142) versus sham stimulation (n = 143). Active bilateral TBS outperformed sham stimulation with respect to study-defined improvements (55.1 % versus 20.3 %, 4 RCTs, n = 152, 95%CI: 1.63 to 4.39, P < 0.0001; I2 = 0 %) and remission rates (37.2 % versus 14.3 %, 2 RCTs, n = 85, 95%CI: 1.13 to 5.95, P = 0.02; I2 = 0 %) in MDD patients but not those with bipolar or unipolar mixed depression. Superiority of active bilateral TBS over sham stimulation was confirmed for improvements in depressive symptoms at post-bilateral TBS assessments and 8-week follow-ups in patients with either MDD or mixed depression (all P < 0.05). Discontinuation rates due to any reason and adverse events (i.e., headache, dizziness) were similar between TBS and sham stimulation groups with MDD or mixed depression (all P > 0.05). Conclusion: Bilateral TBS targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) appears to be a well-tolerated form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) that has substantial antidepressant effects, particularly in patients with MDD. Effects of bilateral TBS on bipolar and unipolar mixed depression should be further investigated. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Safety and efficacy of continuous theta burst "intensive" stimulation in acute-phase bipolar depression: A pilot, exploratory study.$$$ Objectives: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation efficacy in unipolar depression is known, but its efficacy in acute-phase bipolar depression is at best modest. Citing differential right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex hyperconnectivity implicated in BD, we aimed to study the effect of novel continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) targeting right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in a randomized rater blinded placebo control design. Material and Methods: Nineteen patients aged 18 to 59 years (baseline Hamilton Depression Rating Scale [HAM-D] 17 severity score >18) were randomly allocated to active cTBS (n = 11) and sham cTBS (n = 9) groups using block randomization method. They received 15 cTBS sessions (burst of 3 pulses delivered at 50 Hz, repeated every 200 ms at 5 Hz, 600 pulses per session), 3 sessions per day (total of 1800 pulses) for 5 days in a week at 80% resting motor threshold. The HAM-D, Beck Depression Inventory, Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale, World Health Organization's abbreviated quality of life assessment, and Changes in Sexual Functioning Questionnaire were assessed at baseline, after the last session, and at 2 weeks after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. Intention-to-treat analysis was conducted and missing values (2 patients) were replaced using the last observation carried forward method. Results: On repeated measures analysis of variance, a significant within-group time effect (from pretreatment to 2 weeks after TBS) for HAM-D (F = 15.091, P < 0.001), Beck Depression Inventory (F = 22.376, P < 0.001), Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (F = 18.290, P < 0.001), Changes in Sexual Functioning Questionnaire (F = 9.281, P = 0.001), and World Health Organization's abbreviated quality of life assessment (F = 24.008, P < 0.001). The integrity of the blind assessed by the guess matrix was good. When significant between group*time effect was compared, none of the variables retained statistical significance. No major adverse effects were reported, and none of the patients discontinued the trial because of adverse effects. Conclusions: Our trial concludes that although safe and well tolerated, the therapeutic efficacy of intensive intermittent TBS in acute-phase bipolar depression is inconclusive. Choice of lower total number to sessions and smaller intersession interval along with small sample size limit the study findings. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Seizure threshold manipulation in electroconvulsive therapy via repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. A novel way of augmentation?$$$ Introduction: A high seizure threshold (ST) is an impeding factor in certain patients, potentially preventing a successful electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) treatment. Several pharmacological and non-pharmacological methods have been put forward to augment ECT in such patients, however, to this date, only a handful of case reports existed about the potential role of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), as an augmentation method. Objectives: and Methods: In this randomized, double-blinded, sham controlled study, we set out to test the hypothesis of whether the application of high frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF rTMS) lowers the seizure threshold for electroconvulsive therapy and whether it has an effect on other aspects of ECT treatment, such as seizure duration (SD), efficacy and safety. Results: 46 patients treated for a major depressive episode, indicated for ECT, were recruited to this study. A significantly lower seizure threshold was observed in the experimental group during ECT titration, on average a decrease by 34.55%, from 34.23 mC to 22.4 mC, p < 0.001 (Wilcox test). We had not observed a significant effect of TMS stimulation before ECT on seizure duration or clinical outcome. Another potentially important observation of this study is that 4 patients in the experimental group developed transient symptoms of hypomania/mania, all of which were stabilized after the combined stimulation protocol was halted spontaneously within a week, without the need to administer mood stabilizers. Conclusion: It is likely that HF rTMS stimulation prior to ECT is a novel and simple way of reducing the ST, which is useful in certain groups of patients undergoing this important treatment modality. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Preconditioning with cathodal high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation sensitizes the primary motor cortex to subsequent intermittent theta burst stimulation.$$$ Noninvasive brain stimulation techniques such as transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) can induce long-term potentiation-like facilitation, but whether the combination of TMS and tDCS has additive effects is unclear. To address this issue, in this randomized crossover study, we investigated the effect of preconditioning with cathodal high-definition (HD) tDCS on intermittent theta burst stimulation- (iTBS-) induced plasticity in the left motor cortex. A total of 24 healthy volunteers received preconditioning with cathodal HD-tDCS or sham intervention prior to iTBS in a random order with a washout period of 1 week. The amplitude of motor evoked potentials (MEPs) was measured at baseline and at several time points (5, 10, 15, and 30 min) after iTBS to determine the effects of the intervention on cortical plasticity. Preconditioning with cathodal HD-tDCS followed by iTBS showed a greater increase in MEP amplitude than sham cathodal HD-tDCS preconditioning and iTBS at each time postintervention point, with longer-lasting after-effects on cortical excitability. These results demonstrate that preintervention with cathodal HD-tDCS primes the motor cortex for long-term potentiation induced by iTBS and is a potential strategy for improving the clinical outcome to guide therapeutic decisions. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Transcranial magnetic stimulation, transcranial direct current stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy for medication-resistant psychosis of schizophrenia.$$$ Purpose of review: Despite adequate antipsychotic treatment, 20-30% of patients with schizophrenia fail to obtain remission from psychosis. Physical stimulation treatments may provide an alternative therapy. In this review, we summarize the most recent studies regarding repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for medication-resistant psychosis in schizophrenia. Recent findings: Stimulation techniques in the treatment of medication-resistant psychosis have shown inconsistent results. Initial results of rTMS for auditory verbal hallucinations (AVH) were promising, but three recent large randomized controlled trials (RCTs) show similar results of rTMS as placebo. tDCS has shown initial promise as a treatment for AVH, but only in case studies and in two small RCTs. Larger studies are needed to define its efficacy. Although psychotic symptoms generally decrease after ECT, its efficacy has not been demonstrated in comparison with placebo. Summary: Although previous meta-analyses indicate significant mean effect sizes for rTMS for intractable AVH, three recent large RCTs indicate no effect compared with placebo. The use of tDCS for resistant AVH and ECT for intractable psychosis has shown some initial promise, but adequately sized placebo-controlled RCTs are now needed. Taken together, the evidence for physical stimulation techniques to relieve medication-resistant psychosis is currently weak. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) safety with respect to seizures: A literature review.$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation is an increasingly popular FDA-approved treatment for resistant depression, migraines, and OCD. Research is also underway for its use in various other psychiatric and medical disorders. Although rare, seizures are a potential adverse event of TMS treatment. In this article, we discuss TMS-related seizures with the various coils used to deliver TMS, the risk factors associated with seizures, the differential diagnosis of its presentations, the effects of sleep deprivation and alcohol use on seizures, as well as seizure risks with protocols for traditional TMS, theta-burst stimulation, and accelerated TMS. A discussion is presented comparing the potential risk of seizures with various psychotropic medications versus TMS. Included are case reports of TMS seizures in the child/adolescent patient, bipolar disorder patients, patients with a history of a traumatic brain injury, and those with epilepsy. Reports are also shared on TMS use without seizures in patients with a history of head injuries and TMS's continued use if patients have a seizure during their TMS treatment. Findings generated in this review suggest the following. Seizures, if present, are usually self-limiting. Most treatment recommendations for TMS-related seizures are supportive in nature. The risk of TMS-related seizures is < 1% overall. TMS has successfully been used in patients with epilepsy, traumatic brain injuries, and those with a prior TMS-related seizure. The rate of TMS-related seizures is comparable to that of most psychotropic medications. While having a seizure is a rare but serious adverse effect of TMS, the benefits of treating refractory depression with TMS may outweigh the risk of suicidal ideation and other significant complications of depression. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved)
Physical treatments for bipolar disorder: A review of electroconvulsive therapy, stereotactic surgery and other brain stimulation techniques.$$$ Background: Despite pharmacological advances, bipolar disorder continues to be difficult to treat. This article reviews the evidence base for the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and other brain stimulation therapies in bipolar disorder. Methods: The evidence base for the efficacy of ECT and transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of mania, bipolar depression and mixed affective states was reviewed. Reports on the use of vagus nerve stimulation, stereotaxic surgery, deep brain stimulation, magnetic seizure therapy and transcranial direct current stimulation in treating depression, as well as bipolar disorder were also reviewed. Studies were identified from Medline and Embase database searches. Results: There are a few randomized controlled trials of ECT in mania and bipolar depression, and none in mixed affective states. Nevertheless, such studies consistently reported clinically meaningful efficacy, with a majority of pharmacotherapy resistant patients responding to ECT. Evidence for the use of other brain stimulation therapies in treating bipolar mood states is preliminary and limited. Conclusions: ECT is an effective treatment for acute mania, bipolar depression and mixed affective states and has useful efficacy even in pharmacotherapy-resistant patients. Other brain stimulation techniques may have potential for the treatment of bipolar disorder and should be further researched. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
Theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation for auditory verbal hallucinations: Negative findings from a double-blind-randomized trial.$$$ Background: Auditory verbal hallucinations (AVH) in schizophrenia are resistant to antipsychotic medication in approximately 25% of patients. Treatment with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for refractory AVH has shown varying results. A stimulation protocol using continuous theta burst rTMS (TB-rTMS) showed high efficacy in open label studies. We tested TB-rTMS as a treatment strategy for refractory AVH in a doubleblind, placebo-controlled trial. Methods: Seventy-one patients with AVH were randomly allocated to TB-rTMS or placebo treatment. They received 10 TB-rTMS or sham treatments over the left temporoparietal cortex in consecutive days. AVH severity was assessed at baseline, end of treatment and follow-up using the Psychotic Symptom Rating Scale (PSYRATS) and the Auditory Hallucinations Rating Scale (AHRS). Other schizophrenia- related symptoms were assessed with the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS). Results: Seven patients dropped out before completing the study. In the remaining 64, AVH improved significantly after treatment in both groups as measured with both PSYRATS and AHRS. PANSS positive and general subscores also decreased, but the negative subscores did not. However, improvement did not differ significantly between the TB-rTMS and the placebo group on any outcome measure. Conclusions: Symptom reduction could be achieved in patients with medication-resistant hallucinations, even within 1 week time. However, as both groups showed similar improvement, effects were general (ie, placeboeffects) rather than specific to treatment with continuous TB-rTMS. Our findings highlight the importance of double-blind trials including a sham-control condition to assess efficacy of new treatments such as TMS. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
Accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation in smoking cessation: Placebo effects equal to active stimulation when using advanced placebo coil technology.$$$ Smoking is currently one of the main public health problems. Smoking cessation is known to be difficult for most smokers because of nicotine dependence. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been shown to be effective in the reduction of nicotine craving and cigarette consumption. Here, we evaluated the efficacy of accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation (aiTBS; four sessions per day for 5 consecutive days) over the left DLPFC in smoking cessation, and we investigated whether the exposure to smoking-related cues compared to neutral cues during transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) impacts treatment outcome. A double-blind, randomized, controlled study was conducted in which 89 participants (60 males and 29 females; age 45.62 +/- 13.42 years) were randomly divided into three groups: the first group received active aiTBS stimulation while watching neutral videos, the second group received active aiTBS stimulation while watching smoking-related videos and the last group received sham stimulation while watching smoking-related videos. Our results suggest that aiTBS is a tolerable treatment. All treatment groups equally reduced cigarette consumption, nicotine dependence, craving and perceived stress. The effect on nicotine dependence, general craving and perceived stress lasted for at least 1 week after the end of treatment. Active aiTBS over the left DLPFC, combined with smoking related cues, is as effective as active aiTBS combined with neutral cues as well as placebo aiTBS in smoking cessation. These findings extend the results of previous studies indicating that TMS therapy is associated with considerably large placebo effects and that these placebo effects may be further increased when using advanced placebo coil technology. Clinical Trial Registration www.clinicaltrials.gov, identifier NCT05271175. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2024 APA, all rights reserved)
The effects of D-Cycloserine on corticospinal excitability after repeated spaced intermittent theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation: A randomized controlled trial in healthy individuals.$$$ Repeated spaced TMS protocols, also termed accelerated TMS protocols, are of increasing therapeutic interest. The long-term potentiation (LTP)-like effects of repeated spaced intermittent theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (iTBS) are presumed to be N-Methyl-D-Aspartate receptor (NMDA-R) dependent; however, this has not been tested. We tested whether the LTP-like effects of repeated spaced iTBS are influenced by low-dose D-Cycloserine (100 mg), an NMDA-R partial-agonist. We conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled crossover trial in 20 healthy adults from August 2021-Feb 2022. Participants received repeated spaced iTBS, consisting of two iTBS sessions 60 minutes apart, to the primary motor cortex. The peak-to-peak amplitude of the motor evoked potentials (MEP) at 120% resting motor threshold (RMT) was measured after each iTBS. The TMS stimulus response (TMS-SR; 100-150% RMT) was measured at baseline,+30 min, and +60 min after each iTBS. We found evidence for a significant Drug*iTBS effect in MEP amplitude, revealing that D-Cycloserine enhanced MEP amplitudes relative to the placebo. When examining TMS-SR, pairing iTBS with D-Cycloserine increased the TMS-SR slope relative to placebo after both iTBS tetani, and this was due to an increase in the upper bound of the TMS-SR. This indicates that LTP-like and metaplastic effects of repeated spaced iTBS involve NMDA-R, as revealed by two measures of corticospinal excitability, and that low-dose D-Cycloserine facilitates the physiological effects of repeated spaced iTBS. However, extension of these findings to clinical populations and therapeutic protocols targeting non-motor regions of cortex requires empirical validation. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
D-cycloserine blunts motor cortex facilitation after intermittent theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation: A double-blind randomized placebo-controlled crossover study.$$$ The article presents a study on the D-Cycloserine Blunts Motor Cortex Facilitation After Intermittent Theta Burst Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation: A Double-Blind Randomized Placebo-Controlled Crossover Study. Twelve healthy participants (7F/5M, 29.66 +/- 6.37 years of age) were recruited for this double-blind randomized, placebo controlled crossover trial. The data suggests that cycloserine blunts early synaptic changes after iTBS. Though previous data revealed a sustained attenuation of responses after iTBS  cycloserine, in this larger sample we observed only brief attenuation followed by a transient delayed potentiation. We first considered whether this merely reflected heterogeneity in the effects of iTBS  cycloserine on MEP time courses, with some participants demonstrating LTD and others LTP. Indeed, 3/12 participants had an MEP amplitude suppression that returned to baseline at 60 minutes after iTBS  cycloserine, similar to the aggregate data reported by Teo et al. These participants did not account for the initial suppression and delayed transient potentiation, as the pattern remained after removing these participants from analyses. While the data is at odds with the preclinical literature demonstrating enhanced plasticity with D-cycloserine, we note that anodal tDCS  cycloserine initially marginally blunted facilitation relative to anodal tDCS  placebo, and that the aggregate data similarly revealed a delayed potentiation between 20 and 60 minutes. Additional research is required to understand the molecular mechanisms of iTBS, in order to enhance network level changes and improve treatment outcomes when using these modalities in neurological and psychiatric conditions. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
The efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation in the treatment of children and adolescents with Anorexia Nervosa: Study protocol of a randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled trial.$$$ Background: Current psychological and pharmacological treatments for Anorexia Nervosa (AN) provide only moderate effective support, and there is an urgent need for research to improve therapies, especially in developing age. Non-invasive brain stimulation has suggested to have the potential to reducing AN symptomatology, via targeting brain alterations, such as hyperactivity of right prefrontal cortex (PFC). We suppose that transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) to the PFC may be effective in children and adolescents with AN. Methods: We will conduct a randomized, double blind, add-on, placebo-controlled trial to investigate the efficacy of tDCS treatment on clinical improvement. We will also investigate brain mechanisms and biomarkers changes acting in AN after tDCS treatment. Eighty children or adolescent with AN (age range 10-18 years) will undergo treatment-as-usual including psychiatric, nutritional and psychological support, plus tDCS treatment (active or sham) to PFC (F3 anode/F4 cathode), for six weeks, delivered three times a week. Psychological, neurophysiological and physiological measures will be collected at baseline and at the end of treatment. Participants will be followed-up one, three, six months and one year after the end of treatment. Psychological measures will include parent- and self-report questionnaires on AN symptomatology and other psychopathological symptoms. Neurophysiological measures will include transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) with electroencephalography and paired pulse TMS and repetitive TMS to investigate changes in PFC connectivity, reactivity and plasticity after treatment. Physiological measures will include changes in the functioning of the endogenous stress response system, body mass index (BMI) and nutritional state. Discussion: We expect that tDCS treatment to improve clinical outcome by reducing the symptoms of AN assessed as changes in Eating Disorder Risk composite score of the Eating Disorder Inventory-3. We also expect that at baseline there will be differences between the right and left hemisphere in some electrophysiological measures and that such differences will be reduced after tDCS treatment. Finally, we expect a reduction of endogenous stress response and an improvement in BMI and nutritional status after tDCS treatment. This project would provide scientific foundation for new treatment perspectives in AN in developmental age, as well as insight into brain mechanisms acting in AN and its recovery. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2024 APA, all rights reserved)
Mechanisms of theta burst transcranial ultrasound induced plasticity in the human motor cortex.$$$ Background: Transcranial ultrasound stimulation (TUS) is a novel non-invasive brain stimulation technique with high depth penetrance and spatial resolution. Theta-burst TUS (tbTUS) is a plasticity-inducing protocol which increases motor cortical excitability for up to 30 min following 80s of sonication. While this protocol may have therapeutic potential for the treatment of psychiatric and neurological disorders, the mechanisms of action of TUS remain unclear. Objective: We conducted the first pharmacological study to examine the mechanisms of TUS in human primary motor cortex. By administering brain-active drugs with known mechanisms of action, we aimed to elucidate the mechanisms of tbTUS. Methods: Fourteen healthy subjects participated in a within-subjects randomized, double-blind, cross-over study with five visits. At each visit, one of four study drugs (carbamazepine - Na+ channel blocker, nimodipine - L-type Ca2+ channel blocker, lorazepam - positive allosteric modulator of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) type A receptor, dextromethorphan - N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antagonist) or placebo was administered in random order, followed by tbTUS. Results: The plasticity effects of tbTUS on motor cortex excitability measured by motor-evoked potential amplitudes elicited by transcranial magnetic stimulation were reduced by all study drugs compared to placebo. Conclusion: tbTUS may induce NMDA-dependent synaptic plasticity since the effects are blocked by increased GABAA receptor activities and voltage-gated Na+ and Ca2+ channels blockers. These results are consistent with the hypotheses that tbTUS induced long-term potentiation-like mechanisms and that TUS involves activation of mechanosensitive Na+ and Ca2+ channels. Alternatively, non-specific pharmacologically induced changes in excitatory/inhibitory balance might have interfered with the effects of tbTUS. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
A high-density theta burst paradigm enhances the aftereffects of transcranial magnetic stimulation: Evidence from focal stimulation of rat motor cortex.$$$ Background: Theta burst stimulation (TBS) is an efficient noninvasive neuromodulation paradigm that has been widely adopted, clinically. However, the efficacy of TBS treatment remains similarly modest as conventional 10 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). Objective/hypothesis: To develop a new TBS paradigm that enhances the effects of TMS administration while maintaining high time-efficiency. Methods: We describe here a new TMS paradigm, named High-Density Theta Burst Stimulation (hdTBS). This paradigm delivers up to 6 pulses per burst, as opposed to only 3 in conventional TBS, while maintaining the inter-burst interval of 200 ms (or 5 Hz) - a critical parameter in inducing long-term potentiation. This paradigm was implemented on a TMS stimulator developed in-house; its physiological effects were assessed in the motor cortex of awake rats using a rodent specific focal TMS coil. Microwire electrodes were implanted into each rat's limb muscles to longitudinally record motor-evoked potential (MEP). Four different TBS paradigms (3, 4, 5 or 6 pulses per burst, 200 s per session) were tested; MEP signals were recorded immediately before (baseline) and up to 35 min post each TBS session. Results: We developed a stimulator based on a printed-circuit board strategy. The stimulator was able to deliver stable outputs of up to 6 pulses per burst. Animal experiments (n = 15) revealed significantly different aftereffects induced by the four TBS paradigms (Friedman test, p = 0.018). Post hoc analysis further revealed that, in comparison to conventional 3-pulse TBS, 5- and 6-pulse TBS enhanced the aftereffects of MEP signals by 56% and 92%, respectively, while maintaining identical time efficiency. Conclusion(s): A new stimulation paradigm is proposed, implemented and tested in the motor cortex of awake rats using a focal TMS coil developed in the lab. We observed enhanced aftereffects as assessed by MEP, with no obvious adverse effects, suggesting the translational potentials of this paradigm. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved)
The effects of accelerated intermittent theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on executive functions in treatment-resistant depression.$$$ Recent studies of theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (TBS) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) have demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of depression. It is thought that high frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) does not negatively affect cognition and has the potential to improve it. This study employed a novel accelerated intermittent TBS protocol to treat refractory depression, administering 90,000 pulses to the brains of depressed patients within five consecutive days. To date there has been no study with such an accelerated aiTBS protocol. This study evaluated patients with treatment-resistant depression (N=22) who underwent mood and cognitive testing prior to and following a course of aiTBS. The analyses were focused on executive functions. It was hypothesized that patients would show improvement in cognitive inhibition, cognitive switching, and working memory, and would have fewer errors during post-treatment testing. It was further hypothesized that the cognitive skill improvements would be related to improvements in mood. Results revealed significant improvements in mood following treatment and significant improvements in cognitive inhibition, cognitive switching, and problem solving. Patients also made fewer errors during post-treatment testing. Correlations and mixed effects analyses did not reveal clear relationships between the change in cognitive measures and the change in mood measures. Given the common brain circuits and structures involved in both TMS and executive functions, there may be parallel circuits that change independent of each other, there may not be a relationship between mood and cognitive improvements, or there may be a relationship that is not clear at this time. Further studies are recommended to replicate the findings and add to the power of the study. Clinical implications of aiTBS suggest it is a modality to treat both mood and cognitive skills concurrently, which may assist in reducing depression relapse rates. Some patients presented with baseline cognitive dysfunction that was normalized following treatment. aiTBS may be a novel treatment for those with neurocognitive disorders. This would merit further investigation. To elucidate the mechanisms of change, the results of the current study should be compared to findings from neuroimaging studies. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
Safety and tolerability of theta burst stimulation vs. single and paired pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation: A comparative study of 165 pediatric subjects.$$$ Background: Although single- and paired-pulse (sp/pp) transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) studies are considered minimal risk in adults and children, the safety profile for theta-burst TMS (TBS) is unknown. Objective: In this comparative analysis, we explored the rate, severity, and specific symptoms of TMS-related adverse effects (AEs) between sp/ppTMS and TBS in subjects between ages 6 and 18 years. Method: Data from 165 participants from 2009 to 2014 were analyzed. Assessment of AEs was performed based on baseline and post-TMS administration of a symptom-based questionnaire that rated AEs on a 5-level ordinal scale (minimal, mild, moderate, marked, severe). AE rates and severity were compared using Chi Square or Fisher's Exact Test depending on data characteristics. Result: Overall, no seizures or severe-rated AEs were reported by 165 pediatric participants. The rate of AE in all TBS sessions was 10.5% (n = 76, 95% CI: 4.7-19.7%), whereas the rate of AE in all sp/ppTMS sessions was 12.4% (n = 89, 95% CI: 6.3-21.0%). There was no statistical difference in AE rates between TBS and sp/ppTMS (p = 0.71). In all sp/ppTMS and TBS sessions, 20 subjects reported a total of 35 AEs, among these 31 (~88.6%) were rated as "minimal" or "mild". There was no difference in the severity of AE between TBS and sp/ppTMS (p = 1.0). Only one of 76 TBS participants reported an AE rated as more than minimal/mild. Conclusion: Our comparative analysis showed that TBS appears to be as safe as sp/ppTMS in terms of AE rate and severity. This report supports further investigation of TBS in children. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of auditory verbal hallucinations: Results of a randomized controlled study.$$$ One Hertz (1 Hz) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective therapy for auditory verbal hallucinations (AVH). Theta burst protocols (TBS) show longer after-effects. This single-blind, randomized controlled study compared continuous TBS with 1 Hz rTMS in a 10-day treatment. Patients were diagnosed with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. TBS demonstrated equal clinical effects compared to 1 Hz TMS. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Analgesic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex in neuropathic pain: Influence of theta burst stimulation priming.$$$ Background: 'Conventional' protocols of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) delivered to M1 can produce analgesia. Theta burst stimulation (TBS), a novel rTMS paradigm, is thought to produce greater changes in M1 excitability than 'conventional' protocols. After a preliminary experiment showing no analgesic effect of continuous or intermittent TBS trains (cTBS or iTBS) delivered to M1 as single procedures, we used TBS to prime a subsequent session of 'conventional' 10 Hz-rTMS. Methods: In 14 patients with chronic refractory neuropathic pain, navigated rTMS was targeted over M1 hand region, contralateral to painful side. Analgesic effects were daily assessed on a visual analogue scale for the week after each 10 Hz-rTMS session, preceded or not by TBS priming. In an additional experiment, the effects on cortical excitability parameters provided by single- and paired-pulse TMS paradigms were studied. Results: Pain level was reduced after any type of rTMS procedure compared to baseline, but iTBS priming produced greater analgesia than the other protocols. Regarding motor cortex excitability changes, the analgesic effects were associated with an increase in intracortical inhibition, whatever the type of stimulation, primed or non-primed. Conclusions: The present results show that the analgesic effects of 'conventional' 10 Hz-rTMS delivered to M1 can be enhanced by TBS priming, at least using iTBS. Interestingly, the application of cTBS and iTBS did not produce opposite modulations, unlike previously reported in other systems. It remains to be determined whether the interest of TBS priming is to generate a simple additive effect or a more specific process of cortical plasticity. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved)
Modulation of cortical motor networks following primed theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation.$$$ To investigate whether priming stimulation influences the responses of intracortical inhibitory and facilitatory motor circuits to a subsequent plasticity-inducing inhibitory theta burst TMS paradigm. Using standard transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) procedures, MEP amplitude, short-interval intracortical inhibition (SICI), and short-interval intracortical facilitation (SICF) were assessed at baseline and 5, 20 and 30 min following continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS), intermittent TBS (iTBS), and iTBS-primed cTBS. SICI was assessed using paired-pulse TMS at inter-stimulus intervals (ISI) of 3 ms (SICI3) and the latency corresponding to the latency at which SICF was minimal in each individual. SICF was assessed at ISIs corresponding to Peak 1, Trough 1, Peak 2, and Peak 3 of each individual's SICF curve. When applied alone cTBS inhibited and iTBS facilitated MEP amplitudes. iTBS-primed cTBS resulted in greater MEP inhibition than cTBS alone. There were no changes in SICF and only marginal changes in SICI following any intervention. Synapses mediating MEP generation undergo modification following iTBS-primed cTBS, possibly through mechanisms related to metaplasticity or synaptic depotentiation. A lack of substantial changes in SICI and SICF under all experimental conditions suggests that the tested rTMS paradigms may be non-optimal for inducing robust modulation of the neural elements mediating SICI and SICF across subjects. Priming stimulation may provide an approach which facilitate neuroplastic change within the human motor cortex at least in circuits responsible for MEP generation. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
The theoretical model of theta burst form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.$$$ Objective: Theta burst stimulation, a form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, can induce lasting changes in corticospinal excitability that are thought to involve long-term potentiation/depression (LTD/LTD)-like effects on cortical synapses. The pattern of delivery of TBS is crucial in determining the direction of change in synaptic efficiency. Previously we explained this by postulating (1) that a single burst of stimulation induces a mixture of excitatory and inhibitory effects and (2) those effects may cascade to produce long-lasting effects. Here we formalise those ideas into a simple mathematical model. Methods: The model is based on a simplified description of the glutamatergic synapse in which post-synaptic Ca2+ entry initiates processes leading to different amount of potentiation and depression of synaptic transmission. The final effect on the synapse results from summation of the two effects. Results: The model using these assumptions can fit reported data. Metaplastic effects of voluntary contraction on the response to TBS can be incorporated by changing time constants in the model. Conclusions: The pattern-dependent after-effects and interactions with voluntary contraction can be successfully modelled by using reasonable assumptions about known cellular mechanisms of plasticity. Significance: The model could provide insight into development of new plasticity induction protocols using TMS. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
Comparative assessment of best conventional with best theta burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation protocols on human motor cortex excitability.$$$ Objective: Comparative assessment of best conventional with best theta burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) protocols on human motor cortex excitability. Methods: Stimulation of dominant hand abductor digiti minimi muscle representation of motor cortex in nine healthy right-handed subjects utilising two different MagPro stimulators to generate TMS pulses of distinct monophasic, half sine and biphasic shape with anteriorly or posteriorly directed current flow, measuring resting and active motor threshold and motor-evoked potential (MEP) amplitude. Comparison of two different conventional rTMSs and eight different theta burst stimulation (TBS) protocols. Results: Continuous TBS (cTBS) yielded an inhibition, and intermittent TBS (iTBS) a facilitation of MEP amplitudes. These effects were not significantly influenced by waveform or current orientation. Compared to conventional rTMS paradigms, neither cTBS nor iTBS showed significantly stronger effects. In addition and confirming earlier findings, the asymmetric monophasic pulse and a posteriorly directed current flow yielded a higher threshold than all other TMS types. The less asymmetric half-sine pulse had a lower threshold for postero-anterior current than in the opposite direction. The biphasic stimuli yielded the lowest motor threshold particularly with an antero-posterior current direction. Conclusions: TBS did not depend on current direction or on pulse configuration in this sample of healthy subjects. In addition, TBS effect size was not clearly superior to conventional rTMS protocols. Significance: This systematic comparison of three waveforms, two current directions and two different interventional protocols allows a better understanding of the mechanisms of TMS on human motor cortex. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
The role of dorsal premotor area in reaction task: Comparing the "virtual lesion" effect of paired pulse or theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation.$$$ We compared the effect on reaction times of transient interference with function of the dorsal premotor cortex (PMd) using a pair (25-ms interval) of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) pulses with long-term interference produced by a new repetitive TMS paradigm known as "theta burst stimulation" (TBS). Pairs of TMS pulses over left PMd increased choice but not simple reaction times of the right hand if given at the onset of the reaction interval. There was no effect of stimulation over right PMd or at a midline parietal control site (Pz). In contrast, TBS over either left or right PMd increased choice RTs of both hands for at least 5-10 min after the end of TBS. Pairs of TMS pulses over left PMd also increased error rates whereas TBS had no effect on error rates despite the effect on RTs. We suggest that TBS leads to widespread changes in activity and more complex effects on behaviour than expected from the paired pulse TMS and conclude that transient and long-term forms of interference with function may influence behavioural tasks in subtly different ways. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
The effect of pulse shape in theta-burst stimulation: Monophasic vs biphasic TMS.$$$ Background: Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (i) (TBS) is a transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) plasticity protocol. Conventionally, TBS is applied using biphasic pulses due to hardware limitations. However, monophasic pulses are hypothesised to recruit cortical neurons more selectively than biphasic pulses, predicting stronger plasticity effects. Monophasic and biphasic TBS can be generated using a custom-made pulse-width modulation-based TMS device (pTMS). Objective: Using pTMS, we tested the hypothesis that monophasic iTBS would induce a stronger plasticity effect than biphasic, measured as induced increases in motor corticospinal excitability. Methods: In a repeated-measures design, thirty healthy volunteers participated in three separate sessions, where monophasic and biphasic iTBS was applied to the primary motor cortex (M1 condition) or the vertex (control condition). Plasticity was quantified as increases in motor corticospinal excitability after versus before iTBS, by comparing peak-to-peak amplitudes of motor evoked potentials (MEP) measured at baseline and over 60 min after iTBS. Results: Both monophasic and biphasic M1 iTBS led to significant increases in MEP amplitude. As predicted, linear mixed effects (LME) models showed that the iTBS condition had a significant effect on the MEP amplitude (chi2 (1) = 27.615, p < 0.001) with monophasic iTBS leading to significantly stronger plasticity than biphasic iTBS (t (693) = 2.311, p = 0.021). Control vertex iTBS had no effect. Conclusions: In this study, monophasic iTBS induced a stronger motor corticospinal excitability increase than biphasic within participants. This greater physiological effect suggests that monophasic iTBS may also have potential for greater functional impact, of interest for future fundamental and clinical applications of TBS. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Theta-burst TMS of lateral occipital cortex reduces BOLD responses across category-selective areas in ventral temporal cortex.$$$ Human visual cortex contains three scene-selective regions in the lateral, medial and ventral cortex, termed the occipital place area (OPA), medial place area (MPA) and parahippocampal place area (PPA). Using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), all three regions respond more strongly when viewing visual scenes compared with isolated objects or faces. To determine how these regions are functionally and causally connected, we applied transcranial magnetic stimulation to OPA and measured fMRI responses before and after stimulation, using a theta-burst paradigm (TBS). To test for stimulus category-selectivity, we presented a range of visual categories (scenes, buildings, objects, faces). To test for specificity of any effects to TBS of OPA we employed two control conditions: Sham, with no TBS stimulation, and an active TBS-control with TBS to a proximal face-selective cortical region (occipital face area, or OFA). We predicted that TBS to OPA (but not OFA) would lead to decreased responses to scenes and buildings (but not other categories) in other scene-selective cortical regions. Across both ROI and whole-volume analyses, we observed decreased responses to scenes in PPA as a result of TBS. However, these effects were neither category specific, with decreased responses to all stimulus categories, nor limited to scene-selective regions, with decreases also observed in face-selective fusiform face area (FFA). Furthermore, similar effects were observed with TBS to OFA, thus effects were not specific to the stimulation site in the lateral occipital cortex. Whilst these data are suggestive of a causal, but non-specific relationship between lateral occipital and ventral temporal cortex, we discuss several factors that could have underpinned this result, such as the differences between TBS and online TMS, the role of anatomical distance between stimulated regions and how TMS effects are operationalised. Furthermore, our findings highlight the importance of active control conditions in brain stimulation experiments to accurately assess functional and causal connectivity between specific brain regions. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
The dorsomedial prefrontal cortex as a flexible hub mediating behavioral as well as local and distributed neural effects of social support context on pain: A Theta Burst Stimulation and TMS-EEG study.$$$ Increasing evidence points to an analgesic influence of social support context, in which the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (dmPFC) may play a key role. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) has the capacity to causally modulate brain activity. This study was designed to investigate the potential role of dmPFC in orchestrating the behavioral and neural effects of social context during pain. Twenty-three healthy participants underwent a three-session cross-over, single-blinded, sham-controlled protocol in which they received Theta Burst Stimulation (TBS) (facilitatory intermittent TBS, suppressive continuous TBS, or Sham) delivered to the dmPFC. In each session, participants underwent cold pain while viewing an image of a romantic partner or a stranger. Effects of TBS to the dmPFC were assessed using a measure of pain perception, neural activity and network connectivity using electroencephalography (EEG) and TMS-EEG. In the stranger condition, pain experience increased following iTBS. This was associated with increased connectivity between central regions and fronto-parietal regions. In contrast, in the romantic partner condition, iTBS increased connectivity only between frontal and occipital regions and did not modulate pain experience. In line with recent studies, neither cTBS nor Sham stimulation elicited neural or behavioral changes. Together these findings suggest that the dmPFC has the capacity to causally modulate pain-related information integration and network configuration in a context-dependent manner. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
Bilateral neuronavigated 20Hz theta burst TMS for treatment refractory depression: An open label study.$$$ Background: Current medication and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) treatments for depression bring only approximately one-third of patients to remission. Newer TMS techniques such as bilateral treatment, neuronavigation, and theta burst stimulation (TBS) show promise in improving remission rates. However, it is unclear whether newer off-label techniques improve outcomes enough to justify widespread implementation. Methods: An IRB approved retrospective chart review examined 58 primarily treatment-resistant (79%) depressed patients who received bilateral neuronavigated TBS-20Hz in a private outpatient clinic. Results: 72% (42/58) of patients remitted (Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II) < 13) with an 81% decrease in BDI-II scores. 83% (48/58) of patients responded (BDI-II <= 50%). Average time to remission was 7.3 treatment weeks (SD = 4.5, Range 0.6-21.2). Overall, 40% (17/42) of remitters also successfully discontinued one or more pretreatment medications. Conclusions: Bilateral Neuronavigated TBS-20Hz TMS brought more than two-thirds of treatment refractory depressed patients to remission. TBS-20Hz may be critical for obtaining higher remission rates. Controlled trials are warranted. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
Theta-burst stimulation: A new form of TMS treatment for depression?$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a common debilitating condition where only one third of patients achieve remission after the first antidepressant treatment. Inadequate efficacy and adverse effects of current treatment strategies call for more effective and tolerable treatment options. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a noninvasive approach to manipulate brain activity and alter cortical excitability. There has been more than 15 years of research on the use of repetitive form of TMS (rTMS) for the treatment of patients with depression, which has shown it to be an effective antidepressant treatment. Even though rTMS treatment has shown efficacy in treating depression, there is a high degree of interindividual variability in response. A newer form of rTMS protocol, known as theta-burst stimulation (TBS), has been shown to produce similar if not greater effects on brain activity than standard rTMS. TBS protocols have a major advantage over standard rTMS approaches in their reduced administration duration. Conventional rTMS procedures last between 20 and 45 min, as compared to TBS paradigms that require 1 to 3 min of stimulation. Recently, a small number of studies have suggested that TBS has similar or better efficacy in treating depression compared to rTMS. Optimization, identification of response predictors, and clarification of neurobiological mechanisms of TBS is required if it is to be further developed as a less time intensive, safe, and effective treatment for MDD. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Effects of high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation and theta burst stimulation for modulating the posterior parietal cortex.$$$ Objectives: Noninvasive brain stimulation methods, including high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (HD-tDCS) and theta burst stimulation (TBS) have emerged as novel tools to modulate and explore brain function. However, the relative efficacy of these newer stimulation approaches for modulating cognitive functioning remains unclear. This study investigated the cognitive effects of HD-tDCS, intermittent TBS (iTBS) and prolonged continuous TBS (ProcTBS) and explored the potential of these approaches for modulating hypothesized functions of the left posterior parietal cortex (PPC). Methods: Twenty-two healthy volunteers attended four experimental sessions in a cross-over experimental design. In each session, participants either received HD-tDCS, iTBS, ProcTBS or sham, and completed cognitive tasks, including a divided attention task, a working memory maintenance task and an attention task (emotional Stroop test). Results: The results showed that compared to sham, HD-tDCS, iTBS and ProcTBS caused significantly faster response times on the emotional Stroop task. The effect size (Cohen's d) was d = .32 for iTBS (p < .001), .21 for ProcTBS (p = .01) and .15 for HD-tDCS (p = .044). However, for the performance on the divided attention and working memory maintenance tasks, no significant effect of stimulation was found. Conclusions: The results suggest that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation techniques, including TBS, may have greater efficacy for modulating cognition compared with HD-tDCS, and extend existing knowledge about specific functions of the left PPC. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Effects of hyperdirect pathway theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation on inhibitory control, craving, and smoking in adults with nicotine dependence: A double-blind, randomized crossover trial.$$$ Background: Nicotine dependence is associated with dysregulated hyperdirect pathway (HDP)-mediated inhibitory control (IC). However, there are currently no evidence-based treatments that have been shown to target the HDP to improve IC and reduce cigarette cravings and smoking. Methods: Following a baseline nonstimulation control session, this study (N = 37; female: n = 17) used a double-blind, randomized crossover design to examine the behavioral and neural effects of intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) and continuous TBS (cTBS) to the right inferior frontal gyrus (rIFG)-a key cortical node of the HDP. Associations between treatment effects were also explored. Results: At baseline, HDP IC task-state functional connectivity was positively associated with IC task performance, which confirmed the association between HDP circuit function and IC. Compared with iTBS, rIFG cTBS improved IC task performance. Compared with the baseline nonstimulation control session, both TBS conditions reduced cigarette craving and smoking; however, although craving and smoking were lower for cTBS, no differences were found between the two active conditions. In addition, although HDP IC task-state functional connectivity was greater following cTBS than iTBS, there was no significant difference between conditions. Finally, cTBS-induced improvement in IC task performance was associated with reduced craving, and cTBS-induced reduction in craving was associated with reduced smoking. Conclusions: These findings warrant further investigation into the effects of rIFG cTBS for increasing IC and reducing craving and smoking among individuals with nicotine dependence. Future sham-controlled cTBS studies may help further elucidate the mechanisms by which rIFG cTBS mediates IC and smoking behavior. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Medial prefrontal cortex theta burst stimulation improves treatment outcomes in alcohol use disorder: A double-blind, sham-controlled neuroimaging study.$$$ Background: Alcohol use disorder (AUD) is associated with elevated brain response to cues. Recent studies have suggested that theta burst stimulation (TBS) to the medial prefrontal cortex (MPFC) can decrease reactivity to cues in a transdiagnostic manner. The goal of this clinical trial was to evaluate the effect of continuous TBS as a tool to decrease drinking behavior and brain reactivity to alcohol cues among individuals with AUD. Methods: A total of 50 individuals with AUD were recruited from an intensive outpatient treatment program. Using a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled design, participants received 10 sessions of continuous TBS (left frontal pole, 1 session/10 days, 110% resting motor threshold, 3600 pulse/session, cue provocation before and during session). Brain reactivity to alcohol cues was acquired at four time points: at baseline and after all TBS sessions (1 month, 2 months, and 3 months). Results: Overall, 80% of the participants completed all TBS sessions. Individuals who received real TBS were 2.71 times more likely to remain enrolled in the study after 3 months and 3.09 times more likely to remain sober 3 months after treatment initiation. Real TBS also led to a significantly greater reduction in brain reactivity to alcohol cues, specifically a reduction in MPFC-striatum and MPFC-insula connectivity 2 and 3 months after TBS treatment. Conclusions: Ten days of MPFC TBS is well tolerated, reduces drinking, and decreases brain reactivity to alcohol cues for up to 3 months after treatment initiation. These results pave a critical next step in the path toward developing transcranial magnetic stimulation as an intervention for AUD and disorders associated with elevated cue reactivity. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
PFC neuromodulation with theta burst stimulation to impact behavior and neural network activity in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.$$$ The article briefs about the effectiveness of the PFC neuromodulation with theta burst stimulation in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Theta Burst Stimulation (TBS) is a repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) neuromodulation protocol that employs short bursts (three, 50 Hz pulses) delivered at 5 Hz. Intermittent TBS (iTBS) increases, and continuous TBS (cTBS) decreases, cortical neuron excitability. While TBS has been traditionally applied to the motor cortex, more recently both iTBS and cTBS paradigms have been employed over the prefrontal cortex (PFC) in healthy and psychiatric populations, including patients with Schizophrenia (SCZ) and Bipolar Disorder (BD). Specifically, in individuals with SCZ, TBS over PFC has been recently used to target negative symptoms (anhedonia, avolition), and cognitive deficits (attention, working memory). Regarding mood disorders, TBS of PFC has been primarily employed in Major Depressive Disorder individuals, and the safety and efficacy of iTBS was lately established in individuals with BD depression. Yet, despite some promising initial results, there is a need to replicate these findings in larger groups of patients, ideally with the following methodological enhancements to establish treatment effectiveness in SCZ and BD. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved)
Prolonged continuous theta-burst stimulation is more analgesic than 'classical' high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the primary motor cortex (M1) at high frequency (> 5 Hz) induces analgesic effects, probably by activating pain modulation systems. A new rTMS paradigm-theta burst stimulation (TBS)-consists of bursts of three pulses at 50 Hz repeated five times per second. Like high frequency rTMS, both intermittent and prolonged continuous TBS (iTBS and pcTBS) lead to a facilitation of cortical excitability. Objectives: (1) to evaluate the analgesic effects of neuronavigated iTBS and pcTBS, comparing them with those of classical high frequency rTMS (10 Hz) over the left M1, (2) to elucidate the role of conditioned pain modulation (CPM) in the antinociceptive effect of rTMS and (3) to investigate possible correlations between analgesia and cortical excitability. Methods: Fourteen healthy volunteers participated in four experimental sessions, carried out in a random order (iTBS, pcTBS, 10 Hz rTMS or sham). Cold pain threshold, CPM and cortical excitability measurements were carried out before and after rTMS. Results: We found that the analgesic effects of 10 Hz rTMS and pcTBS were significantly superior to those of sham rTMS. Moreover, pcTBS was significantly more effective than 10 Hz rTMS (P = 0.026). Analgesia did not seem to be driven by changes in CPM or cortical excitability. Conclusion: Prolonged cTBS has considerable clinical potential, as it has a shorter treatment duration (by a factor 8) and stronger analgesic effects than the classical high frequency protocol. Studies in patients are required to confirm the potential of this new stimulation paradigm for clinical applications. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2023 APA, all rights reserved)
Preconditioning prefrontal connectivity using transcranial direct current stimulation and transcranial magnetic stimulation.$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) have been shown to modulate functional connectivity. Their specific effects seem to be dependent on the pre-existing neuronal state. We aimed to precondition frontal networks using tDCS and subsequently stimulate the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (lDLPFC) using TMS. Thirty healthy participants underwent excitatory, inhibitory, or sham tDCS for 10 min, as well as an excitatory intermittent theta-burst (iTBS) protocol (600 pulses, 190 s, 20 x 2-s trains), applied over the lDLPFC at 90% of the individual resting motor threshold. Functional connectivity was measured in three task-free resting state fMRI sessions, immediately before and after tDCS, as well as after iTBS. Testing the whole design did not yield any significant results. Analysis of the connectivity between the stimulation site and all other brain voxels, contrasting only the interaction effect between the experimental groups (excitatory vs. inhibitory) and the repeated measure (post-tDCS vs. post-TMS), revealed significantly affected voxels bilaterally in the anterior cingulate and paracingulate gyri, the caudate nuclei, the insula and operculum cortices, as well as the Heschl's gyrus. Post-hoc ROI-to-ROI analyses between the significant clusters and the striatum showed post-tDCS, temporo-parietal-to-striatal and temporo-parietal-to-fronto-cingulate differences between the anodal and cathodal tDCSgroup, as well as post-TMS, striatal-to-temporo-parietal differences between the anodal and cathodal groups and frontostriatal and interhemispheric temporo-parietal cathodal-sham group differences. Excitatory iTBS to a tDCS-inhibited lDLPFC thus yielded more robust functional connectivity to various areas as compared to excitatory iTBS to a tDCS-enhanced DLPFC. Even considering reduced statistical power due to low subject numbers, results demonstrate complex, whole-brain stimulation effects. They are possibly facilitated by cortical homeostatic control mechanisms and show the feasibility of using tDCS to modulate subsequent TMS effects. This proof-of-principle study might stimulate further research into the principle of preconditioning that might be useful in the development of protocols using DLPFC as a stimulation site for the treatment of depression. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved)
Impairment of motor cortex plasticity in Parkinson's disease, as revealed by theta-burst-transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial random noise stimulation.$$$ This study evaluated stimulation-induced cortical plasticity of Theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) and transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS) in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). Eight patients with non-tremor-dominant idiopathic PD participated. Exclusion criteria, among others, were therapy with amantadine, anticonvulsants; dementia, dyskinesia; electrical implants or metallic material inside the head. The study was approved by the ethics committee of the University of Gottingen, and conforms to the Declaration of Helsinki. All patients gave their informed consent prior to participation in the study. Result demonstrates that a plasticity-inducing effect of iTBS is de facto absent in this group of patients with PD and tRNS reduced cortical excitability as compared to pre-stimulation baseline contrasting results on healthy subjects. L-dopa has the dose-dependent potential to reverse transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS)-generated facilitatory plasticity into inhibition in healthy subjects. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
Effects of right prefrontal theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation or transcranial direct current stimulation on apathy in patients with schizophrenia: A multicenter RCT.$$$ Apathy is a core negative symptom associated with an unfavorable functional outcome. Noninvasive brain stimulation has shown promise in the treatment of schizophrenia but has not been tested specifically for apathy. We conducted a randomized controlled trial of intermittent theta-burst (iTBS) transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) targeted at the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in patients diagnosed with a psychotic disorder suffering from apathy. The study was a multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled, and rater-blinded trial. Patients (N = 88) were randomized into active iTBS, active tDCS, sham iTBS or sham tDCS treatment, daily for two weeks (excluding weekends). Effects were measured post-treatment and at four week and ten week follow-up. Primary outcome was apathy severity (Apathy Evaluation Scale, clinician-rated). Additional measures included assessment of negative symptoms, depression, anhedonia and quality of life. No significant difference in improvement of apathy or negative symptoms was observed for real versus sham treatment with either iTBS or tDCS, though all groups improved to a small extent. We conclude that two weeks of brain stimulation over the right DLPFC with either iTBS or tDCS is not effective for improving apathy or negative symptoms. Longer and more intensive protocols may yield different results. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2024 APA, all rights reserved)
A double-blind, placebo-controlled study of the effects of daily tDCS sessions targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on tinnitus handicap inventory and visual analog scale scores.$$$ Present study discusses about daily transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) sessions targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Tinnitus is a common condition that affects approximately 20.7% of the general population, according to a recent study. In conclusion, five consecutive bifrontal tDCS sessions, with the right anode-left cathode montage previously reported as having an acute beneficial effect after just one tDCS session did not result in significant improvement. This is, to our knowledge, the first double-blind, placebo-controlled study to employ daily tDCS sessions targeting prefrontal areas for treatment of chronic tinnitus, although a daily stimulation regimen has already become common practice in studies of other neuropsychiatric disorders, such as chronic pain and depression. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial on the role of preemptive analgesia with acetaminophen [paracetamol] in reducing headache following electroconvulsive therapy [ECT].$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a safe and efficient treatment for several severe psychiatric disorders, but its use is limited by side effects. Post-ECT headache is one of the commonest side effects. Preemptive analgesia is effective in post-surgical pain management. The most commonly used analgesic is acetaminophen (paracetamol). However, acetaminophen as a preemptive analgesic for post-ECT headache has not been studied adequately. This study was conducted to compare the incidence and severity of post-ECT headache in patients who were administered acetaminophen pre-ECT with a placebo group. Methods: This study was a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Sixty-three patients received 1 g acetaminophen and 63 patients received a placebo identical to acetaminophen. The incidence and severity of headache 2 h before and after ECT were compared between placebo and acetaminophen groups. The severity was measured using a visual analog scale. Generalised linear models were used to evaluate variables associated with post ECT headache. Results: Demographic and clinical variables of placebo and acetaminophen groups were comparable except for the energy level used to induce a seizure. Higher proportion of the placebo group (71.4%) experienced post-ECT headache when compared to the acetaminophen group (p < 0.001). The median pain score for headache was 0 (Inter quartile range: 0-2) in acetaminophen group whereas the score was 2 (IQR: 0-4) in placebo group (P < 0.001). Model fitting showed that the administration of acetaminophen is associated with less post-ECT headache (odds ratio = 0.23, 95% CI: 0.11-0.48, P < 0.001). Conclusion: A significant reduction was seen in both the incidence and severity of post-ECT headache with preemptive analgesia with acetaminophen. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved)
Omega-3 fatty acids for treating residual depressive symptoms in adult patients with bipolar disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis of double-blind randomized, placebo-controlled trials.$$$ This letter presents a systematic review and meta-analysis of double-blind randomized, placebo-controlled trials (DBRPCTs) regarding the safety and efficacy of Omega-3 fatty acids for treating residual depressive symptoms in adult patients with bipolar disorder (BD). The authors performed a systematic review and random-effects model meta-analysis of the DBRPCTs for adjunctive treatment of omega-3 for BD under the treatment as usual (pharmacotherapy using mood stabilizers, antipsychotics or antidepressants, or both or non-pharmacotherapy). The authors detected eight DBRPCTs of DHA, EPA, or both DHA and EPA treatment that met the inclusion criteria. The severity of depression in the DBRPCTs participants included in the meta-analysis was mild. The meta-analysis detected that omega-3 was superior to placebo in the improvement of RDSs and all-cause discontinuation. Because two studies contributed to the selection or attrition biases, the authors conducted a sensitivity analysis excluding these studies from the primary outcome. This sensitivity analysis revealed the superiority of omega-3s over placebo, but considerable heterogeneity disappeared, suggesting that these studies' data might cause considerable heterogeneity. Thus, the tudy exhibited that omega-3s adjunctive therapy positively contributes to RDSs treatment in BD. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2024 APA, all rights reserved)
Current Updates on Newer Forms of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Major Depression.$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an FDA-approved technique for treating medication-resistant depression. Conventional rTMS includes high frequency (HF) to left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and low frequency to right DLPFC. However, not all depressed patients could benefit from standard rTMS protocols. Meta-analytical evidence indicated that there was an average response rate of 29.3% for patients receiving the most commonly adopted HF rTMS to the left DLPFC. Hence, newer forms of rTMS paradigms are warranted to improve antidepressant response and remission rate in patients with depression, especially those who are refractory to adequate antidepressant trials. In the current chapter, we review newer forms of rTMS paradigms and the content will cover standard theta burst stimulation (TBS), prolonged iTBS (piTBS), accelerated rTMS (aTMS), deep TMS (dTMS), priming TMS (pTMS), synchronized TMS (sTMS), and magnetic seizure therapy (MST).
Brain stimulation treatment for bipolar disorder.$$$ AIMS: Bipolar disorders are clinically complex, chronic and recurrent disorders. Few treatment options are effective across hypomanic, manic, depressive and mixed states and as continuation or maintenance treatment after initial symptom remission. The aim of this review was to provide an up-to-date overview of research on the efficacy, tolerability and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), magnetic seizure therapy (MST), deep brain stimulation (DBS) and vagus nerve stimulation (VNS)., METHODS: References included in this review were identified through multiple searches of the Embase, PubMed/MEDLINE and APA PsycINFO electronic databases for articles published from inception until February 2022. Published reviews, meta-analyses, randomised controlled trials and recent studies were prioritised to provide a comprehensive and up-to-date overview of research on brain stimulation in patients with bipolar disorders., RESULTS: The evidence base for brain stimulation as an add-on or alternative to pharmacological and psychological treatments in patients with bipolar disorders is limited but rapidly expanding. Brain stimulation treatments represent an opportunity to treat all bipolar disorder states, including cognitive dysfunction during euthymic periods., CONCLUSION: Whilst findings to date have been encouraging, larger randomised controlled trials with long-term follow-up are needed to clarify important questions regarding treatment efficacy and tolerability, the frequency of treatment-emergent affective switches and effects on cognitive function. Copyright © 2022 The Author. Bipolar Disorders published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Mood disorders in elderly population: neurostimulative treatment possibilities.$$$ Treatment of mood disorders is one of the most challenging territories in elderly. Effectiveness of different treatment strategies could be related to age, sex and physical conditions. The side effect profile in this population also affects pharmacological interventions. Our review includes the neurostimulative treatment strategies in elderly. However, possible treatment strategies such as electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) and deep brain stimulation (DBS) were less studied in elderly. ECT was found to be an effective treatment procedure in mood disorders. Few double-blind sham controlled studies were conducted and demonstrated effectiveness of TMS. DBS has lack of double-blind studies. ECT seems to be the golden standard for the treatment resistant elderly patients, yet side effect profile of ECT in elderly will be discussed. Double -blind sham controlled studies with larger samples are necessary to confirm preliminary results with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), magnetic seizure therapy (MST) and VNS, DBS.
Characterizing Cortical Oscillatory Responses in Major Depressive Disorder Before and After Convulsive Therapy: A TMS-EEG Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Combined transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroencephalography (TMS-EEG) is emerging as a powerful technique for interrogating neural circuit dysfunction in psychiatric disorders. Here, we utilized time-frequency analyses to characterize differences in neural oscillatory dynamics between subjects with major depressive disorder (MDD) and healthy controls (HC). We further examined changes in TMS-related oscillatory power following convulsive therapy., METHODS: Oscillatory power was examined following TMS over the dorsolateral prefrontal and motor cortices (DLPFC and M1) in 38 MDD subjects, and 22 HCs. We further investigated how these responses changed in the MDD group following an acute course of convulsive therapy (either magnetic seizure therapy [MST, n=24] or electroconvulsive therapy [ECT, n=14])., RESULTS: Prior to treatment, MDD subjects exhibited increased oscillatory power within delta, theta, and alpha frequency bands with TMS-EEG over the DLPFC, but showed no differences to HCs with stimulation over M1. Following MST, DLPFC stimulation revealed attenuated baseline-normalized power in the delta and theta bands, with reductions in the delta, theta, and alpha power following ECT. TMS over M1 revealed reduced delta and theta power following ECT, with no changes observed following MST. An association was also observed between the treatment- induced change in alpha power and depression severity score., LIMITATIONS: Limitations include the modest sample size, open-label MST and ECT treatment designs, and lack of a placebo condition., CONCLUSIONS: These results provide evidence of alterations in TMS-related oscillatory activity in MDD, and further suggest modulation of oscillatory power following ECT and MST. Copyright © 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Efficacy and acceptability of non-invasive brain stimulation for the treatment of adult unipolar and bipolar depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised sham-controlled trials.$$$ We examined the efficacy and acceptability of non-invasive brain stimulation in adult unipolar and bipolar depression. Randomised sham-controlled trials of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and theta-burst stimulation (TBS), without co-initiation of another treatment, were included. We analysed effects on response, remission, all-cause discontinuation rates and continuous depression severity measures. Fifty-six studies met our criteria for inclusion (N=3058, mean age=44.96 years, 61.73% female). Response rates demonstrated efficacy of high-frequency rTMS over the left DLPFC (OR=3.75, 95% CI [2.44; 5.75]), right-sided low-frequency rTMS (OR=7.44, 95%CI [2.06; 26.83]) bilateral rTMS (OR=3.68,95%CI [1.66; 8.13]), deep TMS (OR=1.69, 95%CI [1.003; 2.85]), intermittent TBS (OR=4.70, 95%CI [1.14; 19.38]) and tDCS (OR=4.17, 95% CI [2.25; 7.74]); but not for continuous TBS, bilateral TBS or synchronised TMS. There were no differences in all-cause discontinuation rates. The strongest evidence was for high-frequency rTMS over the left DLPFC. Intermittent TBS provides an advance in terms of reduced treatment duration. tDCS is a potential treatment for non-treatment resistant depression. To date, there is not sufficient published data available to draw firm conclusions about the efficacy and acceptability of TBS and sTMS. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Combined Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and Electroencephalography of the Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex.$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive method that produces neural excitation in the cortex by means of brief, time-varying magnetic field pulses. The initiation of cortical activation or its modulation depends on the background activation of the neurons of the cortical region activated, the characteristics of the coil, its position and its orientation with respect to the head. TMS combined with simultaneous electrocephalography (EEG) and neuronavigation (nTMS-EEG) allows for the assessment of cortico-cortical excitability and connectivity in almost all cortical areas in a reproducible manner. This advance makes nTMS-EEG a powerful tool that can accurately assess brain dynamics and neurophysiology in test-retest paradigms that are required for clinical trials. Limitations of this method include artifacts that cover the initial brain reactivity to stimulation. Thus, the process of removing artifacts may also extract valuable information. Moreover, the optimal parameters for dorsolateral prefrontal (DLPFC) stimulation are not fully known and current protocols utilize variations from the motor cortex (M1) stimulation paradigms. However, evolving nTMS-EEG designs hope to address these issues. The protocol presented here introduces some standard practices for assessing neurophysiological functioning from stimulation to the DLPFC that can be applied in patients with treatment resistant psychiatric disorders that receive treatment such as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), magnetic seizure therapy (MST) or electroconvulsive therapy (ECT).
[Transcranial and invasive brain stimulation for depression].$$$ Considering the substantial proportion of depressed patients which does not sufficiently benefit from antidepressant pharmacotherapy or psychotherapy, there is increasing interest in non-pharmacological antidepressant strategies. Thus, a whole array of stimulation approaches has been developed as potential new antidepressant interventions. These methods include transcranial convulsive and non-convulsive approaches, e.g. electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), magnetic seizure therapy (MST), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) as well as invasive techniques, e.g. deep brain stimulation (DBS), vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) and epidural cortical stimulation (ECS). Each method represents a specific therapeutic approach with distinct targets within neural networks involved in the pathophysiology of depression. The ECT procedure is an established treatment with the highest efficacy of all antidepressant interventions and TMS reaches the highest level of evidence among the novel neurostimulation approaches and may be clinically used. However, the field yields a promising rapid development which may substantially enrich the armamentarium of antidepressant interventions in the near future.
Confirmatory Efficacy and Safety Trial of Magnetic Seizure Therapy for Depression (CREST-MST): protocol for identification of novel biomarkers via neurophysiology.$$$ BACKGROUND: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective treatment for treatment-resistant depression (TRD), especially for acute suicidal ideation, but the associated cognitive adverse effects and negative stigma limit its use. Another seizure therapy under development is magnetic seizure therapy (MST), which could potentially overcome the restrictions associated with ECT with similar efficacy. The neurophysiological targets and mechanisms of seizure therapy, however, remain poorly understood., METHODS/DESIGN: This neurophysiological study protocol is published as a companion to the overall Confirmatory Efficacy and Safety Trial of Magnetic Seizure Therapy for Depression (CREST-MST) protocol that describes our two-site, double-blind, randomized, non-inferiority clinical trial to develop MST as an effective and safe treatment for TRD. Our aim for the neurophysiological component of the study is to evaluate two biomarkers, one to predict remission of suicidal ideation (primary outcome) and the other to predict cognitive impairment (secondary outcome). Suicidal ideation will be assessed through cortical inhibition, which according to our preliminary studies, correlates with remission of suicidal ideation. Cortical inhibition will be measured with simultaneous transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and electroencephalography (EEG), TMS-EEG, which measures TMS-evoked EEG activity. Cognitive adverse effects associated with seizure therapy, on the contrary, will be evaluated via multiscale entropy analysis reflecting the complexity of ongoing resting-state EEG activity., DISCUSSION: ECT and MST are known to influence cortical inhibition associated with depression, suicidal ideation severity, and clinical outcome. Therefore, evaluating cortical inhibition and brain temporal dynamics will help understand the pathophysiology of depression and suicidal ideation and define new biological targets that could aid clinicians in diagnosing and selecting treatments. Resting-state EEG complexity was previously associated with the degree of cognitive side effects after a seizure therapy. This neurophysiological metric may help clinicians assess the risk for adverse effects caused by these useful and effective treatments., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03191058 . Registered on June 19, 2017. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
[Electroconvulsive treatment and new techniques of electrical and magnetic stimulation in treatment of depression--question of placebo and warranting of blind conditions, as well as other methodological problems].$$$ Testing new therapeutic methods requires the confirmation so their efficacy, application and their safety. So that the specific and subjective factors do not influence the evaluation, it is necessary to assure suitable conditions--enclosing carrying out of the investigations in control to placebo and providing blinding conditions. In the case of pharmacological investigations it is possible and necessary to fulfill the most raw investigation criteria. Examinations of physical methods meet essential obstacles by granting of these criteria. The paper describes these impediments and methodological difficulties which accompany investigations on the following techniques: electroconvulsive treatment ECT, nerve vagus stimulation NVS, magnetic seizure therapy MST/magnetoconvulsive therapy MCT, the deep brain stimulation DBS and trancranial direct current stimulation tDCS.
Comparative efficacy and acceptability of non-surgical brain stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes in adults: systematic review and network meta-analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To estimate the comparative clinical efficacy and acceptability of non-surgical brain stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes in adults., DESIGN: Systematic review with pairwise and network meta-analysis., DATA SOURCES: Electronic search of Embase, PubMed/Medline, and PsycINFO up to 8 May 2018, supplemented by manual searches of bibliographies of several reviews (published between 2009 and 2018) and included trials., ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR SELECTING STUDIES: Clinical trials with random allocation to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), transcranial magnetic stimulation (repetitive (rTMS), accelerated, priming, deep, and synchronised), theta burst stimulation, magnetic seizure therapy, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), or sham therapy., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary outcomes were response (efficacy) and all cause discontinuation (discontinuation of treatment for any reason) (acceptability), presented as odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals. Remission and continuous depression severity scores after treatment were also examined., RESULTS: 113 trials (262 treatment arms) that randomised 6750 patients (mean age 47.9 years; 59% women) with major depressive disorder or bipolar depression met the inclusion criteria. The most studied treatment comparisons were high frequency left rTMS and tDCS versus sham therapy, whereas recent treatments remain understudied. The quality of the evidence was typically of low or unclear risk of bias (94 out of 113 trials, 83%) and the precision of summary estimates for treatment effect varied considerably. In network meta-analysis, 10 out of 18 treatment strategies were associated with higher response compared with sham therapy: bitemporal ECT (summary odds ratio 8.91, 95% confidence interval 2.57 to 30.91), high dose right unilateral ECT (7.27, 1.90 to 27.78), priming transcranial magnetic stimulation (6.02, 2.21 to 16.38), magnetic seizure therapy (5.55, 1.06 to 28.99), bilateral rTMS (4.92, 2.93 to 8.25), bilateral theta burst stimulation (4.44, 1.47 to 13.41), low frequency right rTMS (3.65, 2.13 to 6.24), intermittent theta burst stimulation (3.20, 1.45 to 7.08), high frequency left rTMS (3.17, 2.29 to 4.37), and tDCS (2.65, 1.55 to 4.55). Network meta-analytic estimates of active interventions contrasted with another active treatment indicated that bitemporal ECT and high dose right unilateral ECT were associated with increased response. All treatment strategies were at least as acceptable as sham therapy., CONCLUSIONS: These findings provide evidence for the consideration of non-surgical brain stimulation techniques as alternative or add-on treatments for adults with major depressive episodes. These findings also highlight important research priorities in the specialty of brain stimulation, such as the need for further well designed randomised controlled trials comparing novel treatments, and sham controlled trials investigating magnetic seizure therapy. Copyright Published by the BMJ Publishing Group Limited. For permission to use (where not already granted under a licence) please go to http://group.bmj.com/group/rights-licensing/permissions.
Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments (CANMAT) 2016 Clinical Guidelines for the Management of Adults with Major Depressive Disorder: Section 4. Neurostimulation Treatments.$$$ BACKGROUND: The Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments (CANMAT) conducted a revision of the 2009 guidelines by updating the evidence and recommendations. The scope of the 2016 guidelines remains the management of major depressive disorder (MDD) in adults, with a target audience of psychiatrists and other mental health professionals., METHODS: Using the question-answer format, we conducted a systematic literature search focusing on systematic reviews and meta-analyses. Evidence was graded using CANMAT-defined criteria for level of evidence. Recommendations for lines of treatment were based on the quality of evidence and clinical expert consensus. "Neurostimulation Treatments" is the fourth of six sections of the 2016 guidelines., RESULTS: Evidence-informed responses were developed for 31 questions for 6 neurostimulation modalities: 1) transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), 2) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), 3) electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), 4) magnetic seizure therapy (MST), 5) vagus nerve stimulation (VNS), and 6) deep brain stimulation (DBS). Most of the neurostimulation treatments have been investigated in patients with varying degrees of treatment resistance., CONCLUSIONS: There is increasing evidence for efficacy, tolerability, and safety of neurostimulation treatments. rTMS is now a first-line recommendation for patients with MDD who have failed at least 1 antidepressant. ECT remains a second-line treatment for patients with treatment-resistant depression, although in some situations, it may be considered first line. Third-line recommendations include tDCS and VNS. MST and DBS are still considered investigational treatments. Copyright © The Author(s) 2016.
Nonpharmacological, somatic treatments of depression: electroconvulsive therapy and novel brain stimulation modalities.$$$ Until recently, a review of nonpharmacological, somatic treatments of psychiatric disorders would have included only electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). This situation is now changing very substantially. Although ECT remains the only modality in widespread clinical use, several new techniques are under investigation. Their principal indication in the psychiatric context is the treatment of major depression, but other applications are also being studied. All the novel treatments involve brain stimulation, which is achieved by different technological methods. The treatment closest to the threshold of clinical acceptability is transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). Although TMS is safe and relatively easy to administer, its efficacy has still to be definitively established. Other modalities, at various stages of research development, include magnetic seizure therapy (MST), deep brain stimulation (DBS), and vagus nerve stimulation (VNS). We briefly review the development and technical aspects of these treatments, their potential role in the treatment of major depression, adverse effects, and putative mechanism of action. As the only one of these treatment modalities that is in widespread clinical use, more extended consideration is given to ECT Although more than half a century has elapsed since ECT was first introduced, it remains the most effective treatment for major depression, with efficacy in patients refractory to antidepressant drugs and an acceptable safety profile. Although they hold considerable promise, the novel brain stimulation techniques reviewed here will be need to be further developed before they achieve clinical acceptability.
Magnetic Seizure Therapy for Unipolar and Bipolar Depression: A Systematic Review.$$$ UNLABELLED: Objective . Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a novel, experimental therapeutic intervention, which combines therapeutic aspects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and transcranial magnetic stimulation, in order to achieve the efficacy of the former with the safety of the latter. MST might prove to be a valuable tool in the treatment of mood disorders, such as major depressive disorder (MDD) and bipolar disorder. Our aim is to review current literature on MST. Methods. OVID and MEDLINE databases were used to systematically search for clinical studies on MST. The terms "magnetic seizure therapy," "depression," and "bipolar" were employed. Results . Out of 74 studies, 8 met eligibility criteria. There was considerable variability in the methods employed and samples sizes were small, limiting the generalization of the results. All studies focused on depressive episodes, but few included patients with bipolar disorder. The studies found reported significant antidepressant effects, with remission rates ranging from 30% to 40%. No significant cognitive side effects related to MST were found, with a better cognitive profile when compared to ECT., CONCLUSION: MST was effective in reducing depressive symptoms in mood disorders, with generally less side effects than ECT. No study focused on comparing MST to ECT on bipolar depression specifically.
Differential neurophysiological effects of magnetic seizure therapy (MST) and electroconvulsive shock (ECS) in non-human primates.$$$ Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is under development as a means of reducing the side effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) through enhanced control over patterns of seizure induction and spread. We previously reported that chronic treatment with MST resulted in less impairment in cognitive function than electroconvulsive shock (ECS) in a non-human primate model of convulsive therapy. Here we present quantitative analyses of ictal expression and post-ictal suppression following ECS, MST, and anesthesia-alone sham in the same model to test whether differential neurophysiological characteristics of the seizures could be identified. Rhesus monkeys received 4 weeks of daily treatment with ECS, MST, and anesthesia-alone sham in a counterbalanced order separated by a recovery period. Both ECS and MST were given bilaterally at 2.5 x seizure threshold. Neurophysiological characteristics were derived from two scalp EEG electrode recording sites during and immediately following the ictal period, and were compared to sham treatment. EEG power within four frequencies (delta, theta, alpha and beta) was calculated. Our results support earlier findings from intracerebral electrode recordings demonstrating that MST- and ECS- induced seizures elicit differential patterns of EEG activation. Specifically, we found that ECS shows significantly more marked ictal expression, and more intense post-ictal suppression than MST in the theta, alpha, and beta frequency bands (Ps < .05). However, the ECS and MST were indistinguishable in the delta frequency band during both ictal and post-ictal periods. These results demonstrate that magnetic seizure induction can result in seizures that differ in some neurophysiological respects compared with ECS, but that these modalities share some aspects of seizure expression. The clinical significance of these similarities and differences awaits clinical correlation.
[Stimulating the thought].$$$ Neuropsychiatric disorders are generally accompanied by a change in brain activity (hyperactivity or deficiency compared to normal activity). Therefore, intervention in brain activity may provide treatment for different disorders. In this paper we review various methods of brain stimulation: some that are familiar and have been in use for several years such as electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS); and others that are new and still being studied but have obtained promising preliminary results such as vagus nerve stimulation (VNS), deep brain stimulation (DBS], magnetic seizure therapy, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS] and near-infrared therapy. For each method we describe the procedure, proposed mechanisms, side effects and current status in research and in the practical field.
Neurobiological mechanisms of ECT and TMS treatment in depression: study protocol of a multimodal magnetic resonance investigation.$$$ BACKGROUND: Noninvasive neurostimulation treatments are increasingly being used to treat major depression, which is a common cause of disability worldwide. While electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) are both effective in treating depressive episodes, their mechanisms of action are, however, not completely understood. ECT is given under general anesthesia, where an electrical pulse is administered through electrodes placed on the patient's head to trigger a seizure. ECT is used for the most severe cases of depression and is usually not prescribed before other options have failed. With TMS, brain stimulation is achieved through rapidly changing magnetic fields that induce electric currents underneath a ferromagnetic coil. Its efficacy in depressive episodes has been well documented. This project aims to identify the neurobiological underpinnings of both the effects and side effects of the neurostimulation techniques ECT and TMS., METHODS: The study will utilize a pre-post case control longitudinal design. The sample will consist of 150 subjects: 100 patients (bipolar and major depressive disorder) who are treated with either ECT (N = 50) or TMS (N = 50) and matched healthy controls (N = 50) not receiving any treatment. All participants will undergo multimodal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) as well as neuropsychological and clinical assessments at multiple time points before, during and after treatment. Arterial spin labeling MRI at baseline will be used to test whether brain perfusion can predict outcomes. Signs of brain disruption, potentiation and rewiring will be explored with resting-state functional MRI, magnetic resonance spectroscopy and multishell diffusion weighted imaging (DWI). Clinical outcome will be measured by clinician assessed and patient reported outcome measures. Memory-related side effects will be investigated, and specific tests of spatial navigation to test hippocampal function will be administered both before and after treatment. Blood samples will be stored in a biobank for future analyses. The observation time is 6 months. Data will be explored in light of the recently proposed disrupt, potentiate and rewire (DPR) hypothesis., DISCUSSION: The study will contribute data and novel analyses important for our understanding of neurostimulation as well as for the development of enhanced and more personalized treatment., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT05135897. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of mood disorder: a review and comparison with electroconvulsive therapy.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To review repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as a mode of therapy for depression., METHOD: The following aspects of rTMS were reviewed and compared with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT): history, basic principles, technical considerations, possible mode of action, safety, adverse effects, and effects on mood in both healthy individuals and those suffering from bipolar disorder (BD) or depression., RESULTS: rTMS may selectively increase or decrease neuronal activity over discrete brain regions. As a result of this focused intervention with TMS, the potential for unwanted side effects is substantially reduced, compared with ECT. In open trials, rTMS and ECT are reported to be equally efficacious for patients having depression without psychosis, but the therapeutic benefits reported in double-blind sham-rTMS controlled trials are more modest., CONCLUSION: The antidepressant and antimanic effects of rTMS depend on technical considerations such as stimulus frequency, intensity, and magnetic coil placement, which may not yet be optimized. Biological heterogeneity among the patients treated with rTMS may also contribute to differing efficacy across clinical trials. rTMS may possess tremendous potential as a treatment for mood disorder, but this has not yet been realized. rTMS must still be regarded as an experimental intervention requiring further refinement.
A pilot study of the comparative efficacy of 100 Hz magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in persistent depression.$$$ BACKGROUND: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a novel brain stimulation technique that uses a high-powered transcranial magnetic stimulation device to produce therapeutic seizures. Preliminary MST studies have found antidepressant effects in the absence of cognitive side effects but its efficacy compared to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains unclear. The aim of this study was to investigate the therapeutic efficacy and cognitive profile of MST compared to standard right unilateral ECT treatment., METHODS: Thirty-seven patients completed a course of at least nine ECT or MST treatments in a randomized double-blind protocol. Assessments of depression severity and cognition were performed before and after treatment., RESULTS: No difference in the antidepressant effectiveness between the treatments was seen across any of the clinical outcome measures, although the overall response rates in both groups were quite low. In regards to cognition, following MST there were significant improvements in tests of psychomotor speed, verbal memory, and cognitive inhibition, with no reductions in cognitive performance. Following ECT there was significant improvement in only one of the cognitive inhibition tasks. With respect to the between-group comparisons, the MST group showed a significantly greater improvement on psychomotor speed than ECT., CONCLUSIONS: MST showed similar efficacy to right unilateral ECT in patients with treatment-resistant depression without cognitive side effects but in a sample that was only of sufficient size to demonstrate relatively large differences in response between the two groups. Future research should aim to optimize the methods of MST administration and compare its efficacy to ECT in large randomized controlled trials. Copyright © 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Safety and Efficacy of Continuous Theta Burst "Intensive" Stimulation in Acute-Phase Bipolar Depression: A Pilot, Exploratory Study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation efficacy in unipolar depression is known, but its efficacy in acute-phase bipolar depression is at best modest. Citing differential right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex hyperconnectivity implicated in BD, we aimed to study the effect of novel continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) targeting right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in a randomized rater blinded placebo control design., MATERIAL AND METHODS: Nineteen patients aged 18 to 59 years (baseline Hamilton Depression Rating Scale [HAM-D] 17 severity score >18) were randomly allocated to active cTBS (n = 11) and sham cTBS (n = 9) groups using block randomization method. They received 15 cTBS sessions (burst of 3 pulses delivered at 50 Hz, repeated every 200 ms at 5 Hz, 600 pulses per session), 3 sessions per day (total of 1800 pulses) for 5 days in a week at 80% resting motor threshold. The HAM-D, Beck Depression Inventory, Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale, World Health Organization's abbreviated quality of life assessment, and Changes in Sexual Functioning Questionnaire were assessed at baseline, after the last session, and at 2 weeks after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. Intention-to-treat analysis was conducted and missing values (2 patients) were replaced using the last observation carried forward method., RESULTS: On repeated measures analysis of variance, a significant within-group time effect (from pretreatment to 2 weeks after TBS) for HAM-D ( F = 15.091, P < 0.001), Beck Depression Inventory ( F = 22.376, P < 0.001), Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale ( F = 18.290, P < 0.001), Changes in Sexual Functioning Questionnaire ( F = 9.281, P = 0.001), and World Health Organization's abbreviated quality of life assessment ( F = 24.008, P < 0.001). The integrity of the blind assessed by the guess matrix was good. When significant between group*time effect was compared, none of the variables retained statistical significance. No major adverse effects were reported, and none of the patients discontinued the trial because of adverse effects., CONCLUSIONS: Our trial concludes that although safe and well tolerated, the therapeutic efficacy of intensive intermittent TBS in acute-phase bipolar depression is inconclusive. Choice of lower total number to sessions and smaller intersession interval along with small sample size limit the study findings. Copyright © 2022 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Role of Electroconvulsive Therapy, Ketamine Infusion, and Deep Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Treatment-Resistant Bipolar Depression: A Case Report.$$$ Background and Objectives : Options for treatment-resistant bipolar depression (TRBPD) are limited. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has shown efficacy in TRBPD. However, the cognitive deficits and memory concerns associated with ECT are problematic for a significant number of patients. It remains unclear what the next step is for patients with TRBPD who fail ECT. Materials and Methods: In this case report, we present a patient with TRBPD who sequentially received 12 sessions of brief-pulse right unilateral ECT, 22 sessions of ketamine infusion at 0.5-0.75 mg/kg for 40 min, and 39 sessions of deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS). Results: The patient had some benefit from ECT, but declined continuation of ECT due to memory concerns. The patient tolerated ketamine infusion well but had limited benefit. However, the patient responded well to acute treatment with dTMS and maintained relative stability for more than 2 years. Conclusions: This case suggests that patients with TRBPD who fail ECT and/or ketamine infusion might benefit from dTMS.
Non-invasive brain stimulation therapy in multiple sclerosis: a review of tDCS, rTMS and ECT results.$$$ BACKGROUND: Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a disabling neurological disorder presenting a variety of symptoms which are hard to control by actual drug regimens. Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques have been investigated in the past years for the improvement of several neurologic and psychiatric disorders., OBJECTIVE: Here, we review the application of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS, iTBS) and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in MS patients., METHODS: Articles were searched in common literature databases. Crosslinks were reviewed., RESULTS: ECT was shown to be efficacious for the treatment of severe psychiatric disorders in 21 case reports. The results of tDCS and TMS for the treatment of depressive symptoms, fatigue, tactile sensory deficit, pain, motor performance, and spasticity were assessed in several studies and showed mixed results., CONCLUSIONS: Overall, data for the treatment of MS with NIBS is sparse regarding TMS and tDCS. Treatment of severe psychiatric disorders with ECT is only reported in single cases. More studies are needed to elucidate the potential role of NIBS in MS treatment. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of anatomical variability on neural stimulation strength and focality in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and magnetic seizure therapy (MST).$$$ We present a quantitative comparison of two metrics-neural stimulation strength and focality-in electrocon-vulsive therapy (ECT) and magnetic seizure therapy (MST) using finite-element method (FEM) simulation in a spherical head model. Five stimulation modalities were modeled, including bilateral ECT, unilateral ECT, focal electrically administered seizure therapy (FEAST), and MST with circular and double-cone coils, with stimulation parameters identical to those applied in clinical practice. We further examine the effect on the stimulation metrics of individual-, sex- and age-related variability in tissue layer thickness and conductivity. Neural stimulation by MST is shown to be more focal and superficial than ECT. This result suggests that it may be advantageous to reduce the current used in ECT. The stimulation strength in MST is also less sensitive to variations in head geometry and tissue conductivity than in ECT. Individualization of pulse amplitude in both ECT and MST could compensate for anatomical variability, which could lead to more consistent clinical outcomes.
Comparable seizure characteristics in magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy for major depression.$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is highly effective for treatment-resistant depression (TRD); however, its use for less severe forms of depression is somewhat limited by a lack of control over current spreading to medial temporal lobe memory structures, resulting in various cognitive side effects. In contrast, magnetic seizure therapy (MST), which uses high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for local seizure induction, has been associated with reduced cognitive side effects. To assess whether different characteristics of seizures induced by both methods are responsible for the differences in neuropsychological side-effect profile, we studied seven TRD-patients undergoing both MST and ECT in an open-label, within subject, controlled crossover pilot study. Comparison parameters included seizure-related ictal characteristics, including motor activity, electromyogram (EMG), electroencephalogram (EEG), and postictal recovery and reorientation times.Our results showed no differences in motor activity or EMG and EEG characteristics, thus implicating similar electrophysiological processes in seizure induction with MST and ECT. In line with previous studies, we observed shorter postictal recovery and reorientation times following MST. The ictal characteristics of induced seizures were found similar with ECT and MST suggesting that the more focal seizure induction associated with MST may account for the more beneficial neuropsychological side effect profile of MST. Copyright © 2013 Elsevier B.V. and ECNP. All rights reserved.
Applications of transcranial magnetic stimulation and magnetic seizure therapy in the study and treatment of disorders related to cerebral aging.$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) can be used to probe cortical function and treat neuropsychiatric illnesses. TMS has demonstrated neuroplastic effects akin to long-term potentiation and long-term depression, and therapeutic applications are in development for post-stroke recovery, Alzheimer's disease, and depression in seniors. Here, we discuss two new directions of TMS research relevant to cerebral aging and cognition. First, we introduce a paradigm for enhancing cognitive reserve, based on our research in sleep deprivation. Second, we discuss the use of magnetic seizure therapy (MST) to spare cognitive functions relative to conventional electroconvulsive therapy, and as a means of providing a more potent antidepressant treatment when subconvulsive TMS has shown modest efficacy in seniors. Whether in the enhancement of cognition as a treatment goal, or in the reduction of amnesia as a side effect, these approaches to the use of TMS and MST merit further exploration regarding their clinical potential.
Seizure threshold manipulation in electroconvulsive therapy via repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. A novel way of augmentation?.$$$ INTRODUCTION: A high seizure threshold (ST) is an impeding factor in certain patients, potentially preventing a successful electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) treatment. Several pharmacological and non-pharmacological methods have been put forward to augment ECT in such patients, however, to this date, only a handful of case reports existed about the potential role of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), as an augmentation method., OBJECTIVES: and Methods: In this randomized, double-blinded, sham controlled study, we set out to test the hypothesis of whether the application of high frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF rTMS) lowers the seizure threshold for electroconvulsive therapy and whether it has an effect on other aspects of ECT treatment, such as seizure duration (SD), efficacy and safety., RESULTS: 46 patients treated for a major depressive episode, indicated for ECT, were recruited to this study. A significantly lower seizure threshold was observed in the experimental group during ECT titration, on average a decrease by 34.55%, from 34.23 mC to 22.4 mC, p < 0.001 (Wilcox test). We had not observed a significant effect of TMS stimulation before ECT on seizure duration or clinical outcome. Another potentially important observation of this study is that 4 patients in the experimental group developed transient symptoms of hypomania/mania, all of which were stabilized after the combined stimulation protocol was halted spontaneously within a week, without the need to administer mood stabilizers., CONCLUSION: It is likely that HF rTMS stimulation prior to ECT is a novel and simple way of reducing the ST, which is useful in certain groups of patients undergoing this important treatment modality. Copyright © 2020 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Physical treatments for bipolar disorder: a review of electroconvulsive therapy, stereotactic surgery and other brain stimulation techniques.$$$ BACKGROUND: Despite pharmacological advances, bipolar disorder continues to be difficult to treat. This article reviews the evidence base for the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and other brain stimulation therapies in bipolar disorder., METHODS: The evidence base for the efficacy of ECT and transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of mania, bipolar depression and mixed affective states was reviewed. Reports on the use of vagus nerve stimulation, stereotaxic surgery, deep brain stimulation, magnetic seizure therapy and transcranial direct current stimulation in treating depression, as well as bipolar disorder were also reviewed. Studies were identified from Medline and Embase database searches., RESULTS: There are a few randomized controlled trials of ECT in mania and bipolar depression, and none in mixed affective states. Nevertheless, such studies consistently reported clinically meaningful efficacy, with a majority of pharmacotherapy resistant patients responding to ECT. Evidence for the use of other brain stimulation therapies in treating bipolar mood states is preliminary and limited., CONCLUSIONS: ECT is an effective treatment for acute mania, bipolar depression and mixed affective states and has useful efficacy even in pharmacotherapy-resistant patients. Other brain stimulation techniques may have potential for the treatment of bipolar disorder and should be further researched. Copyright © 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Connectivity-Guided Theta Burst Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Versus Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Treatment-Resistant Moderate to Severe Depression: Magnetic Resonance Imaging Protocol and SARS-CoV-2-Induced Changes for a Randomized Double-blind Controlled Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Depression is a substantial health and economic burden. In approximately one-third of patients, depression is resistant to first-line treatment; therefore, it is essential to find alternative treatments. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a neuromodulatory treatment involving the application of magnetic pulses to the brain that is approved in the United Kingdom and the United States in treatment-resistant depression. This trial aims to compare the clinical effectiveness, cost-effectiveness, and mechanism of action of standard treatment repetitive TMS (rTMS) targeted at the F3 electroencephalogram site with a newer treatment-a type of TMS called theta burst stimulation (TBS) targeted based on measures of functional brain connectivity. This protocol outlines brain imaging acquisition and analysis for the Brain Imaging Guided Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Depression (BRIGhTMIND) study trial that is used to create personalized TMS targets and answer the proposed mechanistic hypotheses., OBJECTIVE: The aims of the imaging arm of the BRIGhTMIND study are to identify functional and neurochemical brain signatures indexing the treatment mechanisms of rTMS and connectivity-guided intermittent theta burst TMS and to identify imaging-based markers predicting response to treatment., METHODS: The study is a randomized double-blind controlled trial with 1:1 allocation to either 20 sessions of TBS or standard rTMS. Multimodal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is acquired for each participant at baseline (before TMS treatment) with T1-weighted and task-free functional MRI during rest used to estimate TMS targets. For participants enrolled in the mechanistic substudy, additional diffusion-weighted sequences are acquired at baseline and at posttreatment follow-up 16 weeks after treatment randomization. Core data sets of T1-weighted and task-free functional MRI during rest are acquired for all participants and are used to estimate TMS targets. Additional sequences of arterial spin labeling, magnetic resonance spectroscopy, and diffusion-weighted images are acquired depending on the recruitment site for mechanistic evaluation. Standard rTMS treatment is targeted at the F3 electrode site over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, whereas TBS treatment is guided using the coordinate of peak effective connectivity from the right anterior insula to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Both treatment targets benefit from the level of MRI guidance, but only TBS is provided with precision targeting based on functional brain connectivity., RESULTS: Recruitment began in January 2019 and is ongoing. Data collection is expected to continue until January 2023., CONCLUSIONS: This trial will determine the impact of precision MRI guidance on rTMS treatment and assess the neural mechanisms underlying this treatment in treatment-resistant depressed patients., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ISRCTN Registry ISRCTN19674644; https://www.isrctn.com/ISRCTN19674644., INTERNATIONAL REGISTERED REPORT IDENTIFIER (IRRID): DERR1-10.2196/31925. Copyright ©Stefan Pszczolkowski, William J Cottam, Paul M Briley, Sarina J Iwabuchi, Catherine Kaylor-Hughes, Abdulrhman Shalabi, Ben Babourina-Brooks, Adam Berrington, Shaun Barber, Ana Suazo Di Paola, Andrew Blamire, R Hamish McAllister-Williams, Jehill Parikh, Mohamed Abdelghani, Lars Matthaus, Ralf Hauffe, Peter Liddle, Dorothee P Auer, Richard Morriss. Originally published in JMIR Research Protocols (https://www.researchprotocols.org), 20.01.2022.
Treatment of depression in the elderly with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using theta-burst stimulation: Study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, controlled trial.$$$ Introduction: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a consolidated procedure for the treatment of depression, with several meta-analyses demonstrating its efficacy. Theta-burst stimulation (TBS) is a modification of TMS with similar efficacy and shorter session duration. The geriatric population has many comorbidities and a high prevalence of depression, but few clinical trials are conducted specifically for this age group. TBS could be an option in this population, offering the advantages of few side effects and no pharmacological interactions. Therefore, our aim is to investigate the efficacy of TBS in geriatric depression., Clinical trial registration: [https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/], identifier [NCT04842929]. Copyright © 2022 Valiengo, Pinto, Marinho, Santos, Tort, Benatti, Teixeira, Miranda, Cardeal, Suen, Loureiro, Vaughan, Dini Mattar, Lessa, Oliveira, Silva, Gattaz, Brunoni and Forlenza.
Antidepressant efficacy and immune effects of bilateral theta burst stimulation monotherapy in major depression: A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.$$$ Inflammation theory has been consolidated by accumulating evidence, and many studies have suggested that the peripheral cytokine levels could be biomarkers for disease status and treatment outcome in major depressive disorder (MDD). Theta burst stimulation (TBS), a new form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for MDD, has been demonstrated to improve depression via modulating dysfunctional neural network or hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis hyperactivities in MDD. However, there is lack of exploratory studies investigating its effect on serum inflammatory cytokines. Here, we aimed to investigate the antidepressant efficacy of bilateral TBS monotherapy and its effects on the serum cytokine levels in MDD. We conducted a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial, with 53 MDD patients who exhibited no responses to at least one adequate antidepressant treatment for the prevailing episode assigned randomly to one of two groups: bilateral TBS monotherapy (n = 27) or sham stimulation (n = 26). The TBS treatment period was 22 days. Blood samples from 31 study subjects were obtained for analyses. The bilateral TBS group exhibited significantly greater decreases in depression scores than the sham group at week 4 (56.5% vs. 33.1%; p < 0.001 [effect size (Cohen ' s d) = 1.00]) and during the 20-week follow-up periods. Significantly more responders were also found at week 4 (70.3% vs. 23.1%, p = 0.001) and during the 20-week follow-up periods. However, we did not detect any significant effects of TBS on the cytokine panels or any correlations between improvement in depressive symptoms and changes in serum inflammatory markers. Our findings provided the first evidence that the antidepressant efficacy of bilateral TBS monotherapy might not work via immune-modulating mechanisms.
Sequential bilateral accelerated theta burst stimulation in adolescents with suicidal ideation associated with major depressive disorder: Protocol for a randomized controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Suicide is a leading cause of death in adolescents worldwide. Previous research findings suggest that suicidal adolescents with depression have pathophysiological dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) deficits in gamma-aminobutyric acid neurotransmission. Interventions with transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) directly address these underlying pathophysiological deficits in the prefrontal cortex. Theta burst stimulation (TBS) is newer dosing approach for TMS. Accelerated TBS (aTBS) involves administering multiple sessions of TMS daily as this dosing may be more efficient, tolerable, and rapid acting than standard TMS., MATERIALS AND METHODS: This is a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial of sequential bilateral aTBS in adolescents with major depressive disorder (MDD) and suicidal ideation. Three sessions are administered daily for 10 days. During each session, continuous TBS is administered first to the right DPFC, in which 1,800 pulses are delivered continuously over 120 seconds. Then intermittent TBS is applied to the left DPFC, in which 1,800 pulses are delivered in 2-second bursts and repeated every 10 seconds for 570 seconds. The TBS parameters were adopted from prior research, with 3-pulse, 50-Hz bursts given every 200 ms (at 5 Hz) with an intensity of 80% active motor threshold. The comparison group will receive 3 daily sessions of bilateral sham TBS treatment for 10 days. All participants will receive the standard of care for patients with depression and suicidal ideation including daily psychotherapeutic skill sessions. Long-interval intracortical inhibition (LICI) biomarkers will be measured before and after treatment. Exploratory measures will be collected with TMS and electroencephalography for biomarker development., DISCUSSION: This is the first known randomized controlled trial to examine the efficacy of sequential bilateral aTBS for treating suicidal ideation in adolescents with MDD. Results from this study will also provide opportunities to further understand the neurophysiological and molecular mechanisms of suicidal ideation in adolescents., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Investigational device exemption (IDE) Number: G200220, ClinicalTrials.gov (ID: NCT04701840). Registered August 6, 2020. https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04502758?term=NCT04701840&draw=2&rank=1. Copyright: © 2023 Yuruk et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
A multi-center, randomized, double-blind, sham-stimulation controlled study of transcranial magnetic stimulation with precision navigation for the treatment of multiple system atrophy.$$$ BACKGROUND: Multiple system atrophy (MSA) is recognized as an atypical Parkinsonian syndrome, distinguished by a more rapid progression than that observed in Parkinson's disease. Unfortunately, the prognosis for MSA remains poor, with a notable absence of globally recognized effective treatments. Although preliminary studies suggest that transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) could potentially alleviate clinical symptoms in MSA patients, there is a significant gap in the literature regarding the optimal stimulation parameters. Furthermore, the field lacks consensus due to the paucity of robust, large-scale, multicenter trials., METHODS: This investigation is a multi-center, randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial. We aim to enroll 96 individuals diagnosed with MSA, categorized into Parkinsonian type (MSA-P) and cerebellar type (MSA-C) according to their predominant clinical features. Participants will be randomly allocated in a 1:1 ratio to either the TMS or sham stimulation group. Utilizing advanced navigation techniques, we will ensure precise targeting for the intervention, applying theta burst stimulation (TBS). To assess the efficacy of TBS on both motor and non-motor functions, a comprehensive evaluation will be conducted using internationally recognized clinical scales and gait analysis. To objectively assess changes in brain connectivity, functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) and electroencephalography (EEG) will be employed as sensitive indicators before and after the intervention., DISCUSSION: The primary aim of this study is to ascertain whether TBS can alleviate both motor and non-motor symptoms in patients with MSA. Additionally, a critical component of our research involves elucidating the underlying mechanisms through which TBS exerts its potential therapeutic effects., ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: All study protocols have been reviewed and approved by the First Affiliated Medical Ethics Committee of the Air Force Military Medical University (KY20232118-F-1)., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry ChiCTR2300072658. Registered on 20 June 2023. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Transcranial magnetic stimulation, transcranial direct current stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy for medication-resistant psychosis of schizophrenia.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Despite adequate antipsychotic treatment, 20-30% of patients with schizophrenia fail to obtain remission from psychosis. Physical stimulation treatments may provide an alternative therapy. In this review, we summarize the most recent studies regarding repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for medication-resistant psychosis in schizophrenia., RECENT FINDINGS: Stimulation techniques in the treatment of medication-resistant psychosis have shown inconsistent results. Initial results of rTMS for auditory verbal hallucinations (AVH) were promising, but three recent large randomized controlled trials (RCTs) show similar results of rTMS as placebo. tDCS has shown initial promise as a treatment for AVH, but only in case studies and in two small RCTs. Larger studies are needed to define its efficacy. Although psychotic symptoms generally decrease after ECT, its efficacy has not been demonstrated in comparison with placebo., SUMMARY: Although previous meta-analyses indicate significant mean effect sizes for rTMS for intractable AVH, three recent large RCTs indicate no effect compared with placebo. The use of tDCS for resistant AVH and ECT for intractable psychosis has shown some initial promise, but adequately sized placebo-controlled RCTs are now needed. Taken together, the evidence for physical stimulation techniques to relieve medication-resistant psychosis is currently weak.
Continuous theta burst stimulation for bipolar depression: A multicenter, double-blind randomized controlled study exploring treatment efficacy and predictive potential of kynurenine metabolites.$$$ BACKGROUND: While theta burst stimulation (TBS) shows promise in Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), its effectiveness in bipolar depression (BD-D) remains uncertain. Optimizing treatment parameters is crucial in the pursuit of rapid symptom relief. Moreover, aligning with personalized treatment strategies and increased interest in immunopsychiatry, biomarker-based stratification of patients most likely to benefit from TBS might improve remission rates. We investigated treatment effectiveness of continuous TBS (cTBS) compared to sham in BD-D, and assessed the capacity of plasma kynurenine pathway metabolites to predict treatment outcome., METHODS: Thirty-seven patients with BD-D underwent accelerated active or sham cTBS treatment in a multicenter, double-blind, randomized controlled trial. Depressive symptoms were measured with the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) before treatment (T0), 3-4 days posttreatment (T1) and 10-11 days posttreatment (T2). Plasma tryptophan, kynurenine, kynurenic acid and quinolinic acid concentrations were quantified with ELISA. Linear mixed models were used for statistical analyses., RESULTS: Although the total sample showed depressive symptom improvement, active cTBS did not demonstrate greater symptom alleviation compared to sham. However, higher baseline quinolinic acid significantly predicted symptom improvement in the active treatment group, not in sham-stimulated patients., LIMITATIONS: The modest sample size limited the power to detect significant differences with regard to treatment effect. Also, the follow-up period was 10-11 days, whereas similar studies usually follow up for at least one month., CONCLUSION: More research is required to optimize cTBS for BD-D and explore the involvement of quinolinic acid in treatment outcome. Copyright © 2024 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Comparing the Anti-Depressive Effect of Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) Versus Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) in the Treatment of Patients with Depression.$$$ BACKGROUND: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is one of the most effective treatments for depressive disorders. However, ECT has a number of limitations, such as significant side effects in the neurocognitive domain and the requirement for general anesthesia. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is an intervention that applies electric stimulation to the brain without causing convulsions, thus representing an attractive alternative to ECT. The aim of our study is to review systematic reports of the effectiveness of ECT and TMS in the treatment of depressive spectrum disorders., SUBJECTS AND METHODS: We performed search queries in PubMed and eLibrary databases, which retrieved 391 articles, of which 14 met our inclusion criteria for the analysis. The articles comprised three comparisons: TMS vs SHAM, ECT vs sham ECT (SECT), and ECT vs PHARM. The protocol parameters analyzed for TMS were coil type, targeted brain area, amplitude of resting motor threshold, duration of session, number of sessions in total and per week, number and pulses per session and inter-train pause. For ECT, we evaluated the type of ECT device, targeted brain area, type of stimuli, and for ECT vs PHARM we recorded types of anesthesia and antidepressant medication., RESULTS: Three of 6 studies showed a therapeutic effect of TMS compared to placebo; efficacy was greater for TMS frequency exceeding 10 Hz, and with stimulation of two areas of cerebral cortex rather than a single area. There was insufficient data to identify a relationship between the success of TMS and intertrain pause (IP). Three of four studies showed a therapeutic effect of ECT compared to placebo. Three studies of bilateral ECT showed a significant reduction in depression scores compared to the SECT groups. ECT protocols with brief pulses were generally of lesser efficacy. Four of 5 ECT vs PHARM studies showed superior efficacy of ECT compared to PHARM. Among several antidepressants, only the ketamine study showed greater efficacy compared to ECT., CONCLUSIONS: There of six TMS studies and 7 of 9 ECT studies showed efficacy in reducing depressive symptoms. A prospective study of crossover design might reveal the relative efficacies of ECT and TMS.
Bilateral prefrontal rTMS and theta burst TMS as an add-on treatment for depression: a randomized placebo controlled trial.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the left dorsolateral-prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) exerts antidepressant effects. In this randomised controlled clinical trial we aimed to test the safety and therapeutic efficacy of bilateral theta-burst stimulation (TBS) as an add-on therapy to standard treatment of major depression., METHODS: Fifty-six patients diagnosed with a moderate to severe depressive episode received 15 daily treatments of either rTMS (110% motor-threshold; rightDLPFC, 1000 stimuli at 1 Hz + leftDLPFC, 1000 stimuli at 10 Hz), theta-burst stimulation (80% motor-threshold; rightDLPFC, continuous TBS, 1200 stimuli + leftDLPFC, intermittent TBS, 1200 stimuli), or sham TMS (N = 17, sham coil with the TBS protocol)., RESULTS: There was no significant effect in the primary outcome measures (change of the 21-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression). However, there was a tendency towards an increased responder rate at the end of the follow-up period for both active treatments as compared to sham, and this tendency was most pronounced for the TBS group., CONCLUSIONS: This pilot study did not reveal significant advantages of bilateral TBS or rTMS over sham treatment as an add-on treatment for major depression. A tendency towards a superior effect of bilateral TBS at the end of the follow-up period may warrant further studies.
The Role of Continuous Theta Burst TMS in the Neurorehabilitation of Subacute Stroke Patients: A Placebo-Controlled Study.$$$ Objectives: Transcranial magnetic stimulation, in particular continuous theta burst (cTBS), has been proposed for stroke rehabilitation, based on the concept that inhibition of the healthy hemisphere helps promote the recovery of the lesioned one. We aimed to study its effects on cortical excitability, oscillatory patterns, and motor function, the main aim being to identify potentially beneficial neurophysiological effects. Materials and Methods: We applied randomized real or placebo stimulation over the unaffected primary motor cortex of 10 subacute (7 +/- 3 days) post-stroke patients. Neurophysiological measurements were performed using electroencephalography and electromyography. Motor function was assessed with the Wolf Motor Function Test. We performed a repeated measure study with the recordings taken pre-, post-cTBS, and at 3 months' follow-up. Results: We investigated changes in motor rhythms during arm elevation and thumb opposition tasks and found significant changes in beta power of the affected thumb's opposition, specifically after real cTBS. Our results are consistent with an excitatory response (increase in event-related desynchronization) in the sensorimotor cortical areas of the affected hemisphere, after stimulation. Neither peak-to-peak amplitude of motor-evoked potentials nor motor performance were significantly altered. Conclusions: Consistently with the theoretical prediction, this contralateral inhibitory stimulation paradigm changes neurophysiology, leading to a significant excitatory impact on the cortical oscillatory patterns of the contralateral hemisphere. These proof-of-concept results provide evidence for the potential role of continuous TBS in the neurorehabilitation of post-stroke patients. We suggest that these changes in ERS/ERD patterns should be further explored in future phase IIb/phase III clinical trials, in larger samples of poststroke patients. Copyright © 2021 Dionisio, Gouveia, Castelhano, Duarte, Santo, Sargento-Freitas, Duecker and Castelo-Branco.
Efficacy of intensive orbitofrontal continuous Theta Burst Stimulation (iOFcTBS) in Obsessive Compulsive Disorder: A Randomized Placebo Controlled Study.$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) can non-invasively modulate specific brain regions in Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Citing orbito-frontal cortex (OFC) hyper-connectivity with striatum as the most consistent finding implicated in patho-physiologically of OCD, we aimed to study the effect of novel continuous Theta Burst Stimulation (cTBS) targeting OFC in OCD subjects on a randomized placebo control design. Thirty-three patients were randomly allocated to active cTBS (n= 18) and sham (n= 15) groups. They received 10 TBS sessions, 2 per day (total of 1200 pulses; intensive protocol) for 5 days in a week. The Yale Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS), Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAM-A), and Clinical Global Impression-Severity (CGI-S) scores were assessed at baseline, after last session and at 2 weeks post-rTMS. On repeated measures-ANOVA, a significant group*time effect (from pretreatment to 2 weeks post TBS) for obsessions, compulsions, HAM-A, HAM-D, and CGI scores was found. But when controlled for confounding variables, only HAM-A scores and CGI effect retained statistical significance. We conclude that intensive OFC cTBS (iOFcTBS) in OCD is well tolerated with clinically significant improvements in anxiety symptoms and global severity. This improvement in anxiety symptoms could be due to modulations of state dependent dysregulation in OCD. Copyright © 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Theta burst stimulation in the rehabilitation of the upper limb: a semirandomized, placebo-controlled trial in chronic stroke patients.$$$ BACKGROUND: Noninvasive cortical stimulation could represent an add-on treatment to enhance motor recovery after stroke. However, its clinical value, including anticipated size and duration of the treatment effects, remains largely unknown., OBJECTIVE: The authors designed a small semi-randomized clinical trial to explore whether long-lasting clinically important gains can be achieved by adding theta burst stimulation (TBS), a form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), to a rehabilitation program for the hand., METHODS: A total of 41 chronic stroke patients received excitatory TBS to the ipsilesional hemisphere or inhibitory TBS to the contralesional hemisphere in 2 centers; each active group was compared with a group receiving sham TBS. TBS was followed by physical therapy for 10 working days. Patients and therapists were blinded to the type of TBS. Primary outcome measures (9-hole Peg Test [9HPT], Jebsen Taylor Test [JTT], and grip and pinch-grip dynamometry) were assessed 4, 30, and 90 days post treatment. The clinically important difference was defined as 10% of the maximum score., RESULTS: There were no differences between the active treatment and sham groups in any of the outcome measures. All patients achieved small sustainable improvements--9HPT, 5% of maximum (confidence interval [CI] = 3%-7%); JTT, 5.7% (CI = 3%-8%); and grip strength, 6% (CI = 2%-10%)--all below the defined clinically important level., CONCLUSIONS: Cortical stimulation did not augment the gains from a late rehabilitation program. The effect size anticipated by the authors was overestimated. These results can improve the design of future work on therapeutic uses of TMS.
"Efficacy of intensive bilateral Temporo-Parietal Continuous theta-burst Stimulation for Auditory VErbal hallucinations (TPC-SAVE) in schizophrenia: A randomized sham-controlled trial".$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive tool that moderates specific brain regions to ameliorate auditory verbal hallucinations (AVH) in schizophrenia. Citing the critical involvement of temporoparietal cortex (TPC) in AVH, our study aimed to evaluate the effect of continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) targeting bilateral TPC in schizophrenia subjects with AVH, on a randomized rater blinded placebo control trial. 59 patients were randomly allocated to active and sham groups. They received 20 cTBS sessions (2 per day: first right TPC, then left TPC) 5 days a week for 2 weeks. PANSS (Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale), AVHRS (Auditory vocal hallucination rating scale), PSYRAT-AH (Psychiatric symptoms rating scale- Auditory hallucinations scale), CDSS (Calgary depression scale for schizophrenia), SCoRS (Schizophrenia cognition rating scale) and CGI-S (Clinical global impression-severity) were rated at baseline, immediately post 20th session and 2 weeks post-TBS. 50 patients (25-active, 25-sham) completed the study. Conducting an intention to treat analysis, we found a significant group*time effect for PANSS, AVHRS, PSYRAT-AH, CDSS, SCoRS, CGI-S but when controlled for confounding variables and multiple comparisons, only PANSS-PS (F=26.617, p < 0.001), PANSS-TOTAL (F=23.671, p < 0.001), AVHRS (F=17.779, p < 0.001), PSYRAT-AH (F=11.385, p < 0.001) and CGI-S (F=28.462, p < 0.001) retained significance. We conclude that cTBS over TPC is safe and has efficacy in treating AVH in schizophrenia. Limited sample size and lack of integrity assessment for blinding in the study participants are major limitations of the study. Copyright © 2022 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of Rubber Hand Illusion and Excitatory Theta Burst Stimulation on Tactile Sensation: A Pilot Study.$$$ Synchronous visuotactile stimulation on the own hidden hand and a visible fake limb can alter bodily self-perception and influence spontaneous neuroplasticity. The rubber hand illusion (RHI) paradigm experimentally produces an illusion of rubber hand ownership and arm shift by simultaneously stroking a rubber hand in view and a participant's visually occluded hand. The aim of this cross-over, placebo-controlled, single-blind study was to assess whether RHI, in combination with high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) given as intermittent (excitatory) theta burst stimulation (iTBS) applied over the hand area of the primary sensory region (S1) can enhance tactile sensation in a group of 21 healthy subjects and one patient with cervical spinal cord injury. Four sessions covered all combinations of real and sham stimulations of the RHI and the TBS: real TBS and real RHI, real TBS and sham RHI, sham TBS and real RHI, and both conditions sham. The condition sham TBS and real RHI shows the greatest effect on the proprioceptive drift (median 2.3 cm, IQR 2) and on the score of RHI questionnaires (median 3, IQR 2) in the control group as well as in the real-real condition (median 2, IQR 2). The sham TBS and real RHI condition also shows the best results in the electrical perception test of the patient (median 1.9 mA). Conversely, the upregulation of the cortical excitability of S1 via TBS seems to impair the effect of the RHI. This might be due to a strengthening of the top-down connection between the central nervous system and the periphery, diminishing the RHI. This finding helps in understanding the mechanisms of top-down and bottom-up mechanisms in healthy subjects and patients with spinal cord injury. The RHI paradigm could represent an interesting therapeutic approach in improving tactile sensation and rTMS techniques could modulate these effects. Yet, further studies are needed, to examine the direction of the interaction effect of TMS and RH. Copyright © 2020 Vanessa N. Frey et al.
Bilateral theta burst stimulation for patients with acute unipolar or bipolar depressive episodes: A systematic review of randomized controlled studies.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluated the overall efficacy and safety of bilateral theta-burst stimulation (TBS) as an intervention for patients with mood disorders., METHODS: A systematic search (up to December 7, 2022) of RCTs was conducted to address the study aims. A random-effects meta-analysis was performed by including study-defined responses and remission as primary outcomes., RESULTS: Analyses included six RCTs comprising 285 participants with major depressive disorder (MDD) (n = 233) or a depressive episode in the course of bipolar disorder (BD) (n = 52) who had undergone active bilateral TBS (n = 142) versus sham stimulation (n = 143). Active bilateral TBS outperformed sham stimulation with respect to study-defined improvements (55.1 % versus 20.3 %, 4 RCTs, n = 152, 95%CI: 1.63 to 4.39, P < 0.0001; I2 = 0 %) and remission rates (37.2 % versus 14.3 %, 2 RCTs, n = 85, 95%CI: 1.13 to 5.95, P = 0.02; I2 = 0 %) in MDD patients but not those with bipolar or unipolar mixed depression. Superiority of active bilateral TBS over sham stimulation was confirmed for improvements in depressive symptoms at post-bilateral TBS assessments and 8-week follow-ups in patients with either MDD or mixed depression (all P < 0.05). Discontinuation rates due to any reason and adverse events (i.e., headache, dizziness) were similar between TBS and sham stimulation groups with MDD or mixed depression (all P > 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Bilateral TBS targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) appears to be a well-tolerated form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) that has substantial antidepressant effects, particularly in patients with MDD. Effects of bilateral TBS on bipolar and unipolar mixed depression should be further investigated. Copyright © 2023 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of intermittent theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognition and hippocampal volumes in bipolar depression.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is increasingly used to treat neurocognitive symptoms in mood disorders. Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) is a brief version of TMS that may preferentially target cognitive functions. This study evaluated whether iTBS leads to cognitive improvements and associated increased hippocampal volumes in bipolar depression., METHODS: In a two-site double-blind randomised sham controlled trial (NCT02749006), 16 patients received active iTBS to the Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex (DLPF) and 15 patients received sham stimulation across four weeks. A composite neuropsychological score and declarative memory scores served as the cognitive outcomes. Hippocampal volumes were derived from T1 weighted MRI scans using the longitudinal ComBat method to harmonise data across sites., RESULTS: No significant improvements were observed in any cognitive variables in the active relative to the sham group; however, there was a trend for increased left hippocampal volume in the former. Left hippocampal volume increases were associated with improvements in nonverbal memory in the active group., CONCLUSIONS: Although cognitive improvements were not associated with iTBS, the finding that hippocampal volume increases were associated with memory improvement suggests there may be some level of prefrontal-temporal neuroplasticity that could support cognitive change in future studies of iTBS in bipolar disorder.
Preconditioning with Cathodal High-Definition Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Sensitizes the Primary Motor Cortex to Subsequent Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation.$$$ Noninvasive brain stimulation techniques such as transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) can induce long-term potentiation-like facilitation, but whether the combination of TMS and tDCS has additive effects is unclear. To address this issue, in this randomized crossover study, we investigated the effect of preconditioning with cathodal high-definition (HD) tDCS on intermittent theta burst stimulation- (iTBS-) induced plasticity in the left motor cortex. A total of 24 healthy volunteers received preconditioning with cathodal HD-tDCS or sham intervention prior to iTBS in a random order with a washout period of 1 week. The amplitude of motor evoked potentials (MEPs) was measured at baseline and at several time points (5, 10, 15, and 30 min) after iTBS to determine the effects of the intervention on cortical plasticity. Preconditioning with cathodal HD-tDCS followed by iTBS showed a greater increase in MEP amplitude than sham cathodal HD-tDCS preconditioning and iTBS at each time postintervention point, with longer-lasting after-effects on cortical excitability. These results demonstrate that preintervention with cathodal HD-tDCS primes the motor cortex for long-term potentiation induced by iTBS and is a potential strategy for improving the clinical outcome to guide therapeutic decisions. Copyright © 2021 Wenjun Dai et al.
Therapeutic efficacy of right prefrontal slow repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: a double-blind controlled study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), a noninvasive technique for stimulation of the brain, has recently been suggested to be effective for the treatment of major depression. We conducted a double-blind, placebo-controlled study to assess the efficacy of slow repetitive TMS (rTMS) in patients with major depression., METHODS: Seventy patients with major depression (53 women, 17 men; mean age, 58.7 years; SD, 17.2 years) were randomly assigned to receive rTMS or sham rTMS in a double-blind design. Treatment was administered in 10 daily sessions during a 2-week period. Severity of depression was blindly assessed before, during, and after completion of the treatment protocol., RESULTS: All patients completed the first week of treatment and 67 completed the entire protocol. Patients who received rTMS had a significantly greater improvement in depression scores compared with those who received sham treatment. At the end of 2 weeks, 17 of 35 patients in the rTMS group, but only 8 of 32 in the sham-treated group, had an improvement of greater than 50% in their depression ratings., CONCLUSIONS: This controlled study provides evidence for the short-term efficacy of slow rTMS in patients with recurrent major depression. Additional studies will be necessary to assess the efficacy of rTMS as compared with electroconvulsive therapy as well as the long-term outcome of this treatment in major depression and possibly other psychiatric disorders.
Theta burst stimulation of the prefrontal cortex: safety and impact on cognition, mood, and resting electroencephalogram.$$$ BACKGROUND: Because standard repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) protocols exhibit post-stimulus effects of short duration, novel protocols such as theta burst stimulation (TBS), are promising approaches to enhance the effectiveness of rTMS. However, little is known about the side effect profile of such protocols. Thus, the present study explores whether TBS is safe particularly in terms of effects on cognition, mood, and electroencephalogram (EEG) measures in healthy subjects., METHODS: Twenty-four healthy volunteers participated in 2 randomized, placebo-controlled, cross-over experiments and underwent continuous TBS (cTBS), intermittent TBS (iTBS), and shamTBS either over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC, n = 12) or the medial prefrontal cortices (mPFC, n = 12). Clinical side effects, performance in a neuropsychological battery, mood changes, and resting EEG were recorded., RESULTS: Neither a seizure nor epileptiform EEG activity was observed. The most prominent side effect was the occurrence of vagal reactions during TBS; otherwise no serious side effects were found. Standardized low-resolution brain electromagnetic tomography showed current density changes in the alpha2 band after iTBS of the DLPFC, which remained detectable up to 50 min after stimulation. The few changes in neuropsychological performance were concordant with stimulation site. No impact on mood was detected., CONCLUSIONS: Although TBS protocols of the human prefrontal cortex seem to be safe in healthy subjects, future studies need to address the occurrence of vagal reactions. Excitatory and inhibitory properties of motor cortex TBS might not be transferable to prefrontal sites, and the action of specific TBS protocols needs to be further investigated prior to clinical application.
Treatment of major depressive disorder with bilateral theta burst stimulation: study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter trial (TBS-D).$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) is currently evolving as an effective and safe therapeutic tool in the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). However, already established rTMS treatment paradigms are rather time-consuming. With theta burst stimulation (TBS), a patterned form of rTMS, treatment time can be substantially reduced. Pilot studies and a randomized controlled trial (RCT) demonstrate non-inferiority of TBS to 10 Hz rTMS and support a wider use in MDD. Still, data from placebo-controlled multicenter RCTs are lacking. In this placebo-controlled multicenter study, 236 patients with MDD will be randomized to either intermittent TBS (iTBS) to the left and continuous TBS (cTBS) to the right dlPFC or bilateral sham stimulation (1:1 ratio). The treatment will be performed with 80% resting motor threshold intensity over six consecutive weeks (30 sessions). The primary outcome is the treatment response rate (Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale reduction >= 50%). The aim of the study is to confirm the superiority of active bilateral TBS compared to placebo treatment. In two satellite studies, we intend to identify possible MRI-based and (epi-)genetic predictors of responsiveness to TBS therapy. Positive results will support the clinical use of bilateral TBS as an advantageous, efficient, and well-tolerated treatment and pave the way for further individualization of MDD therapy.Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT04392947). Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
A lack of efficacy of continuous theta burst stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in autism: A double blind randomized sham-controlled trial.$$$ Although previous open-label trials suggest the therapeutic potential of inhibitory repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in autism spectrum disorder (ASD), methodological caveats exist. We conducted an 8-week randomized, double-blind sham-controlled trial to investigate the efficacy of inhibitory continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS, a variant of rTMS) over the left DLPFC in individuals with ASD. Sixty children, adolescents and young adults (aged 8-30 years) with ASD without co-occurring intellectual disabilities were randomized to a 16-session 8-week cTBS versus sham stimulation course, with a follow-up 4 weeks after the trial. The Active group was not superior to the Sham group in any clinical or neuropsychological metrics at Week 8 or Week 12. Time effects of 8-week cTBS on symptoms and executive function were remarkable in both Active and Sham groups, with comparable response rates and effect sizes of changes in symptoms/cognition between groups. Our results from a sufficiently powered sample do not endorse the superior efficacy of cTBS over the left DLPFC to the shamed stimulation for children, adolescents and adults with ASD. These findings suggest that earlier positive open-label trial findings may be generalized by generalized/placebo effects. This highlights the urgent need for more rTMS/TBS studies with rigorous trial designs in ASD. Copyright © 2023 International Society for Autism Research and Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Efficacy of Adjunctive D-Cycloserine to Intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation for Major Depressive Disorder: A Randomized Clinical Trial.$$$ Importance: The antidepressant effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation protocols for major depressive disorder (MDD) are thought to depend on synaptic plasticity. The theta-burst stimulation (TBS) protocol synaptic plasticity is known to be N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA)-receptor dependent, yet it is unknown whether enhancing NMDA-receptor signaling improves treatment outcomes in MDD., Objective: To test whether low doses of the NMDA-receptor partial-agonist, D-cycloserine, would enhance intermittent TBS (iTBS) treatment outcomes in MDD., Design, Setting, and Participants: This was a single-site 4-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial conducted from November 6, 2019, to December 24, 2020, including 50 participants with MDD. Participants were recruited via advertisements and referral. Inclusion criteria were as follows: age 18 to 65 years with a primary diagnosis of MDD, a major depressive episode with score of 18 or more on the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, a Young Mania Rating Scale score of 8 or less, and normal blood work (including complete blood cell count, electrolytes, liver function tests, and creatinine level)., Interventions: Participants were randomly assigned 1:1 to either iTBS plus placebo or iTBS plus D-cycloserine (100 mg) for the first 2 weeks followed by iTBS without an adjunct for weeks 3 and 4., Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was change in depressive symptoms as measured by the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) at the conclusion of treatment. Secondary outcomes included clinical response, clinical remission, and Clinical Global Impression (CGI) scores., Results: A total of 50 participants (mean [SD] age, 40.8 [13.4] years; 31 female [62%]) were randomly assigned to treatment groups: iTBS plus placebo (mean [SD] baseline score, 30.3 [4.2]) and iTBS plus D-cycloserine (mean [SD] baseline score, 30.4 [4.5]). The iTBS plus D-cycloserine group had greater improvements in MADRS scores compared with the iTBS plus placebo group (mean difference, -6.15; 95% CI, -2.43 to -9.88; Hedges g = 0.99; 95% CI, 0.34-1.62). Rates of clinical response were higher in the iTBS plus D-cycloserine group than in the iTBS plus placebo group (73.9% vs 29.3%), as were rates of clinical remission (39.1% vs 4.2%). This was reflected in lower CGI-severity ratings and greater CGI-improvement ratings. No serious adverse events occurred., Conclusions and Relevance: Findings from this clinical trial indicate that adjunctive D-cycloserine may be a promising strategy for enhancing transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment outcomes in MDD using iTBS requiring further investigation., Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03937596.
Toward a neurocircuit-based sequential transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment of pediatric bipolar II disorder.$$$ BACKGROUND: Abnormalities in large-scale neuronal networks-the frontoparietal central executive network (CEN)-are consistent findings in bipolar disorder and potential therapeutic targets for transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS)., OBJECTIVE: The present study aimed to assess the effects of CEN neurocircuit-based sequential TMS on the clinical symptoms and cognitive functions of adolescents with bipolar II disorder., METHODS: The study was a single-blinded, randomized, placebo-control trial. Participants with DSM-5-defined bipolar disorder II were recruited and randomized to receive either a sham treatment (n = 20) or an active TMS treatment (n = 22). The active group patients were taking medication, with intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) treatment provided as adjunctive treatment targeting the left DLPFC, the left ITG, and the left PPC nodes consecutively. Patients completed the measurements of HAMD and the Das-Naglieri Cognition Assessment System at baseline and 3 weeks after the intervention., RESULTS: A significant group-by-time interaction was observed in the HAMD, total cognition, and planning. Post-hoc analysis revealed that patients in the active group significantly improved HAMD scores following neurostimulation. Moreover, within-subject analysis indicated that the active group significantly improved in scores of total cognition and planning, while the sham group did not. No significant differences were seen in the other cognitive measures., CONCLUSION: The neurocircuit-based sequential TMS protocol targeting three CEN nodes, in conjunction with medication, safely and effectively improved depressive symptoms and cognitive function in adolescents with bipolar II disorder. Copyright © 2024 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
No effect of anodal tDCS on motor cortical excitability and no evidence for responders in a large double-blind placebo-controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has emerged as a non-invasive brain stimulation technique. Most studies show that anodal tDCS increases cortical excitability. However, this effect has been found to be highly variable., OBJECTIVE: To test the effect of anodal tDCS on cortical excitability and the interaction effect of two participant-specific factors that may explain individual differences in sensitivity to anodal tDCS: the Brain Derived Neurotrophic Factor Val66Met polymorphism (BDNF genotype) and the latency difference between anterior-posterior and lateromedial TMS pulses (APLM latency)., METHODS: In 62 healthy participants, cortical excitability over the left motor cortex was measured before and after anodal tDCS at 2 mA for 20 min in a pre-registered, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial with repeated measures., RESULTS: We did not find a main effect of anodal tDCS, nor an interaction effect of the participant-specific predictors. Moreover, further analyses did not provide evidence for the existence of responders and non-responders., CONCLUSION: This study indicates that anodal tDCS at 2 mA for 20 min may not reliably affect cortical excitability. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Non-invasive brain stimulation and computational models in post-stroke aphasic patients: single session of transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation. A randomized clinical trial.$$$ CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: Patients undergoing the same neuromodulation protocol may present different responses. Computational models may help in understanding such differences. The aims of this study were, firstly, to compare the performance of aphasic patients in naming tasks before and after one session of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and sham, and analyze the results between these neuromodulation techniques; and secondly, through computational model on the cortex and surrounding tissues, to assess current flow distribution and responses among patients who received tDCS and presented different levels of results from naming tasks., DESIGN AND SETTING: Prospective, descriptive, qualitative and quantitative, double blind, randomized and placebo-controlled study conducted at Faculdade de Ciencias Medicas da Santa Casa de Sao Paulo., METHODS: Patients with aphasia received one session of tDCS, TMS or sham stimulation. The time taken to name pictures and the response time were evaluated before and after neuromodulation. Selected patients from the first intervention underwent a computational model stimulation procedure that simulated tDCS., RESULTS: The results did not indicate any statistically significant differences from before to after the stimulation. The computational models showed different current flow distributions., CONCLUSIONS: The present study did not show any statistically significant difference between tDCS, TMS and sham stimulation regarding naming tasks. The patients'responses to the computational model showed different patterns of current distribution.
Cortico-spinal tDCS in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial followed by an open-label phase.$$$ BACKGROUND: Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is a progressive disease for which no curative treatment is currently available., OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate whether cortico-spinal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) could mitigate symptoms in ALS patients via a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial, followed by an open-label phase., METHODS: Thirty-one participants were randomized into two groups for the initial controlled phase. At baseline (T0), Group 1 received placebo stimulation (sham tDCS), while Group 2 received cortico-spinal stimulation (real tDCS) for five days/week for two weeks (T1), with an 8-week (T2) follow-up (randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled phase). At the 24-week follow-up (T3), all participants (Groups 1 and 2) received a second treatment of anodal bilateral motor cortex and cathodal spinal stimulation (real tDCS) for five days/week for two weeks (T4). Follow-up evaluations were performed at 32-weeks (T5) and 48-weeks (T6) (open-label phase). At each time point, clinical assessment, blood sampling, and intracortical connectivity measures using transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) were evaluated. Additionally, we evaluated survival rates., RESULTS: Compared to sham stimulation, cortico-spinal tDCS significantly improved global strength, caregiver burden, and quality of life scores, which correlated with the restoration of intracortical connectivity measures. Serum neurofilament light levels decreased among patients who underwent real tDCS but not in those receiving sham tDCS. The number of completed 2-week tDCS treatments significantly influenced patient survival., CONCLUSIONS: Cortico-spinal tDCS may represent a promising therapeutic and rehabilitative approach for patients with ALS. Further larger-scale studies are necessary to evaluate whether tDCS could potentially impact patient survival., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT04293484. Copyright © 2023 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Theta Burst Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Auditory Verbal Hallucinations: Negative Findings From a Double-Blind-Randomized Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Auditory verbal hallucinations (AVH) in schizophrenia are resistant to antipsychotic medication in approximately 25% of patients. Treatment with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for refractory AVH has shown varying results. A stimulation protocol using continuous theta burst rTMS (TB-rTMS) showed high efficacy in open label studies. We tested TB-rTMS as a treatment strategy for refractory AVH in a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial., METHODS: Seventy-one patients with AVH were randomly allocated to TB-rTMS or placebo treatment. They received 10 TB-rTMS or sham treatments over the left temporoparietal cortex in consecutive days. AVH severity was assessed at baseline, end of treatment and follow-up using the Psychotic Symptom Rating Scale (PSYRATS) and the Auditory Hallucinations Rating Scale (AHRS). Other schizophrenia-related symptoms were assessed with the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS)., RESULTS: Seven patients dropped out before completing the study. In the remaining 64, AVH improved significantly after treatment in both groups as measured with both PSYRATS and AHRS. PANSS positive and general subscores also decreased, but the negative subscores did not. However, improvement did not differ significantly between the TB-rTMS and the placebo group on any outcome measure., CONCLUSIONS: Symptom reduction could be achieved in patients with medication-resistant hallucinations, even within 1 week time. However, as both groups showed similar improvement, effects were general (ie, placebo-effects) rather than specific to treatment with continuous TB-rTMS. Our findings highlight the importance of double-blind trials including a sham-control condition to assess efficacy of new treatments such as TMS. Copyright © The Author 2015. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Maryland Psychiatric Research Center. All rights reserved. For permissions, please email: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation in smoking cessation: No differences between active and placebo stimulation when using advanced placebo coil technology. A double-blind follow-up study.$$$ Objective: This study aims to investigate the longer-term effects of accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation (aiTBS) in smoking cessation and to examine whether there is a difference in outcome between active and placebo stimulation. The present study constitutes an ancillary study from a main Randomized Controlled Trial (RCT) evaluating the acute effects of aiTBS in smoking reduction., Method: A double-blind randomized control trial was conducted where 89 participants were randomly allocated to three groups (transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS)&N group: active aiTBS stimulation combined with neutral videos; TMS&S group: active aiTBS stimulation combined with smoking-related videos; Placebo group: placebo stimulation combined with smoking-related videos). Nicotine dependence, tobacco craving, perceived stress and motivation to quit smoking were measured after completion of 20 aiTBS sessions and during various follow ups (post one week, post one month and post six months)., Results: Our results show that the positive effect on nicotine dependence and tobacco craving that occurred at the end of treatment lasts at least one month post treatment. This effect seems to dissipate six months post treatment. No significant differences were found between the three groups., Conclusion: Both active and placebo stimulation were equally effective in reducing nicotine dependence and tobacco craving up to one month after the end of treatment. Copyright © 2022 The Author(s).
The effects of D-Cycloserine on corticospinal excitability after repeated spaced intermittent theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation: A randomized controlled trial in healthy individuals.$$$ Repeated spaced TMS protocols, also termed accelerated TMS protocols, are of increasing therapeutic interest. The long-term potentiation (LTP)-like effects of repeated spaced intermittent theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (iTBS) are presumed to be N-Methyl-D-Aspartate receptor (NMDA-R) dependent; however, this has not been tested. We tested whether the LTP-like effects of repeated spaced iTBS are influenced by low-dose D-Cycloserine (100 mg), an NMDA-R partial-agonist. We conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled crossover trial in 20 healthy adults from August 2021-Feb 2022. Participants received repeated spaced iTBS, consisting of two iTBS sessions 60 minutes apart, to the primary motor cortex. The peak-to-peak amplitude of the motor evoked potentials (MEP) at 120% resting motor threshold (RMT) was measured after each iTBS. The TMS stimulus-response (TMS-SR; 100-150% RMT) was measured at baseline, +30 min, and +60 min after each iTBS. We found evidence for a significant Drug*iTBS effect in MEP amplitude, revealing that D-Cycloserine enhanced MEP amplitudes relative to the placebo. When examining TMS-SR, pairing iTBS with D-Cycloserine increased the TMS-SR slope relative to placebo after both iTBS tetani, and this was due to an increase in the upper bound of the TMS-SR. This indicates that LTP-like and metaplastic effects of repeated-spaced iTBS involve NMDA-R, as revealed by two measures of corticospinal excitability, and that low-dose D-Cycloserine facilitates the physiological effects of repeated spaced iTBS. However, extension of these findings to clinical populations and therapeutic protocols targeting non-motor regions of cortex requires empirical validation. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to American College of Neuropsychopharmacology.
Accelerated Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation in Smoking Cessation: Placebo Effects Equal to Active Stimulation When Using Advanced Placebo Coil Technology.$$$ Smoking is currently one of the main public health problems. Smoking cessation is known to be difficult for most smokers because of nicotine dependence. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been shown to be effective in the reduction of nicotine craving and cigarette consumption. Here, we evaluated the efficacy of accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation (aiTBS; four sessions per day for 5 consecutive days) over the left DLPFC in smoking cessation, and we investigated whether the exposure to smoking-related cues compared to neutral cues during transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) impacts treatment outcome. A double-blind, randomized, controlled study was conducted in which 89 participants (60 males and 29 females; age 45.62 +/- 13.42 years) were randomly divided into three groups: the first group received active aiTBS stimulation while watching neutral videos, the second group received active aiTBS stimulation while watching smoking-related videos and the last group received sham stimulation while watching smoking-related videos. Our results suggest that aiTBS is a tolerable treatment. All treatment groups equally reduced cigarette consumption, nicotine dependence, craving and perceived stress. The effect on nicotine dependence, general craving and perceived stress lasted for at least 1 week after the end of treatment. Active aiTBS over the left DLPFC, combined with smoking related cues, is as effective as active aiTBS combined with neutral cues as well as placebo aiTBS in smoking cessation. These findings extend the results of previous studies indicating that TMS therapy is associated with considerably large placebo effects and that these placebo effects may be further increased when using advanced placebo coil technology., Clinical Trial Registration: www.clinicaltrials.gov, identifier NCT05271175. Copyright © 2022 Mikellides, Michael, Psalta, Stefani, Schuhmann and Sack.
D-cycloserine normalizes long-term motor plasticity after transcranial magnetic intermittent theta-burst stimulation in major depressive disorder.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) is associated with glutamatergic alterations, including the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDA-R). The NMDA-R plays an important role in synaptic plasticity, and individuals with MDD have been shown to have impairments in repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) motor plasticity. Here, we test whether D-cycloserine, a NMDA-R partial agonist, can rescue TMS motor plasticity in MDD., METHODS: We conducted randomized double-blind placebo-controlled crossover studies in healthy (n = 12) and MDD (n = 12) participants. We stimulated motor cortex using TMS intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) with placebo or D-cycloserine (100 mg). Motor evoked potentials (MEPs) were sampled before and after iTBS. Stimulus response curves (SRC) were characterized at baseline, +90 minutes, and the following day., RESULTS: Acute iTBS MEP facilitation is reduced in MDD and is not rescued by D-cycloserine. After iTBS, SRCs shift to indicate sustained decrease in excitability in healthy participants, yet increased in excitability in MDD participants. D-cycloserine normalized SRC changes from baseline to the following day in MDD participants. In both healthy and MDD participants, D-cycloserine stabilized changes in SRC., CONCLUSION: MDD is associated with alterations in motor plasticity that are rescued and stabilized by NMDA-R agonism., SIGNIFICANCE: Agonism of NMDA receptors rescues iTBS motor plasticity in MDD. Copyright © 2021 International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Efficacy of Active vs Sham Intermittent Theta Burst Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Patients With Bipolar Depression: A Randomized Clinical Trial.$$$ Importance: Major depressive episodes in bipolar disorder are common and debilitating. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is well established in the treatment of major depressive disorder, and the intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) protocol is replacing conventional protocols because of noninferiority and reduced delivery time. However, iTBS has not been adequately studied in bipolar disorder and, therefore, its efficacy is uncertain., Objective: To determine whether iTBS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (LDLPFC) is safe and efficacious in the treatment of acute bipolar depression., Design, Setting, and Participants: This study was a double-blind, 4-week, randomized clinical trial of iTBS targeting the LDLPFC. Two Canadian academic centers recruited patients between 2016 and 2020. Adults with bipolar disorder type I or type II experiencing an acute major depressive episode were eligible if they had not benefited from a first-line treatment for acute bipolar depression recommended by the Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments and were currently treated with a mood stabilizer, an atypical antipsychotic, or their combination. Seventy-one participants were assessed for eligibility, and 37 were randomized to daily sham iTBS or active iTBS using a random number sequence, stratified according to current pharmacotherapy. Data analysis was performed from April to September 2020., Interventions: Four weeks of daily active iTBS (120% resting motor threshold) or sham iTBS to the LDLPFC. Nonresponders were eligible for 4 weeks of open-label iTBS., Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was the change in score on the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale from baseline to study end. Secondary outcomes included clinical response, remission, and treatment-emergent mania or hypomania., Results: The trial was terminated for futility after 37 participants (23 women [62%]; mean [SD] age, 43.86 [13.87] years; age range, 20-68 years) were randomized, 19 to sham iTBS and 18 to active iTBS. There were no significant differences in Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale score changes (least squares mean difference between groups, -1.36 [95% CI, -8.92 to 6.19; P = .91] in favor of sham iTBS), and rates of clinical response were low in both the double-blind phase (3 of 19 participants [15.8%] in the sham iTBS group and 3 of 18 participants [16.7%] in the active iTBS group) and open-label phase (5 of 21 participants [23.8%]). One active iTBS participant had a treatment emergent hypomania, and a second episode occurred during open-label treatment., Conclusions and Relevance: iTBS targeting the LDLPFC is not efficacious in the treatment of acute bipolar depression in patients receiving antimanic or mood stabilizing agents. Additional research is required to understand how transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment protocols differ in efficacy between unipolar and bipolar depression., Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02749006.
Mechanisms of theta burst transcranial ultrasound induced plasticity in the human motor cortex.$$$ BACKGROUND: Transcranial ultrasound stimulation (TUS) is a novel non-invasive brain stimulation technique with high depth penetrance and spatial resolution. Theta-burst TUS (tbTUS) is a plasticity-inducing protocol which increases motor cortical excitability for up to 30 min following 80s of sonication. While this protocol may have therapeutic potential for the treatment of psychiatric and neurological disorders, the mechanisms of action of TUS remain unclear., OBJECTIVE: We conducted the first pharmacological study to examine the mechanisms of TUS in human primary motor cortex. By administering brain-active drugs with known mechanisms of action, we aimed to elucidate the mechanisms of tbTUS., METHODS: Fourteen healthy subjects participated in a within-subjects randomized, double-blind, cross-over study with five visits. At each visit, one of four study drugs (carbamazepine - Na+ channel blocker, nimodipine - L-type Ca2+ channel blocker, lorazepam - positive allosteric modulator of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) type A receptor, dextromethorphan - N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antagonist) or placebo was administered in random order, followed by tbTUS., RESULTS: The plasticity effects of tbTUS on motor cortex excitability measured by motor-evoked potential amplitudes elicited by transcranial magnetic stimulation were reduced by all study drugs compared to placebo., CONCLUSION: tbTUS may induce NMDA-dependent synaptic plasticity since the effects are blocked by increased GABAA receptor activities and voltage-gated Na+ and Ca2+ channels blockers. These results are consistent with the hypotheses that tbTUS induced long-term potentiation-like mechanisms and that TUS involves activation of mechanosensitive Na+ and Ca2+ channels. Alternatively, non-specific pharmacologically induced changes in excitatory/inhibitory balance might have interfered with the effects of tbTUS. Copyright © 2023. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Trimethaphan (Arfonad) control of hypertension and tachycardia during electroconvulsive therapy: a double-blind study.$$$ STUDY OBJECTIVE: To ascertain the optimal dose of trimethaphan camsylate administered by intravenous (i.v.) bolus injection for the control of hypertension and tachycardia during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT)., DESIGN: Prospective, double blind, within-subject study., SETTING: Treating room of the psychiatric unit of the University Hospital at Stony Brook, NY., SUBJECTS: Patients undergoing ECT for major psychiatric illnesses., MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Fifteen ASA status I or II patients received in a random sequence placebo, or 5, 10, or 15 mg boluses of trimethaphan during their second to fifth treatments. Blood pressure (BP) and heart rate (HR) were recorded every 30 seconds by automated oscillometric recorder. Recordings taken before administration, during seizure, 5, and 20 minutes after seizure were examined. All doses ameliorated BP (systolic, diastolic, and mean), HR, and rate pressure product (RPP) increases during the seizure, compared with placebo. The group that received 15 mg exhibited smaller increases in RPP, i.e., 67.7% increase compared with 155.4%, 110.9%, and 98.7% increases for the placebo, 5, and 10 mg, respectively. The 10 mg and 15 mg doses caused a faster return to baseline than did the 5 mg dose or placebo. No rebound hypertension, prolonged hypotension, arrhythmias, or other side effects were noted. Trimethaphan did not alter seizure duration., CONCLUSIONS: Trimethaphan is safe, practical, and effective in the management of the hyperdynamic response to ECT. An i.v. bolus injection of 15 mg is more effective than 10 mg or 5 mg.
Nonpharmacotherapeutic Somatic Treatments for Bipolar Disorder (ECT, DBS, rTMS).$$$ Nonpharmacotherapeutic, somatic treatments play an essential role in the management of bipolar disorder (BPD). Studies indicate that electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for acute mania, bipolar depression, and mixed affective states. Furthermore, it is an important second-line treatment option, as most pharmacotherapy-resistant patients respond to ECT. Specific challenges for patients with BPD receiving ECT include the risk of mood switching, and the need to evaluate and manage concurrent treatment with lithium and anticonvulsant mood stabilizers. Although the current evidence for alternative and newer physical treatments (e.g., transcranial magnetic stimulation, vagus nerve stimulation, stereotactic ablation, and deep brain stimulation) is preliminary, all of these novel methods show promising potential and merit further research.
High-Definition Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation-Primed Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation in Treatment-Resistant Depression: A Controlled Study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to evaluate whether high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (HDtDCS) priming improves the efficacy of intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) in improving TRD., METHODOLOGY: A prospective hospital-based, randomized control study where the participants were divided into active or sham HDtDCS-primed iTBS stimulation groups for a total of 10 sessions and were assessed on clinical parameters at baseline, end of week 1, and end of week 2 was done. Primary outcome of the study was the difference in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) scores over 2 weeks of HDtDCS-primed iTBS., RESULT: A significant effect of time was seen over HDRS scores in both active and sham groups with a large effect size. Significant effect of time was also found over the Clinical Global Impressions-Severity Scale scores of patients with a large effect size. The difference in the improvement in depressive severity as measured using HDRS and Clinical Global Impressions-Severity Scale scores between active and sham groups was also found to be significant with large effect sizes., CONCLUSION: High-definition tDCS-primed iTBS is superior to normal iTBS in patients with depression who have failed a trial of 2 antidepressants, whereas both mechanisms are of benefit to the patients. Copyright © 2024 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of High-Definition Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation and Theta Burst Stimulation for Modulating the Posterior Parietal Cortex.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Noninvasive brain stimulation methods, including high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (HD-tDCS) and theta burst stimulation (TBS) have emerged as novel tools to modulate and explore brain function. However, the relative efficacy of these newer stimulation approaches for modulating cognitive functioning remains unclear. This study investigated the cognitive effects of HD-tDCS, intermittent TBS (iTBS) and prolonged continuous TBS (ProcTBS) and explored the potential of these approaches for modulating hypothesized functions of the left posterior parietal cortex (PPC)., METHODS: Twenty-two healthy volunteers attended four experimental sessions in a cross-over experimental design. In each session, participants either received HD-tDCS, iTBS, ProcTBS or sham, and completed cognitive tasks, including a divided attention task, a working memory maintenance task and an attention task (emotional Stroop test)., RESULTS: The results showed that compared to sham, HD-tDCS, iTBS and ProcTBS caused significantly faster response times on the emotional Stroop task. The effect size (Cohen's d) was d = .32 for iTBS (p < .001), .21 for ProcTBS (p = .01) and .15 for HD-tDCS (p = .044). However, for the performance on the divided attention and working memory maintenance tasks, no significant effect of stimulation was found., CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation techniques, including TBS, may have greater efficacy for modulating cognition compared with HD-tDCS, and extend existing knowledge about specific functions of the left PPC.
Direct-current-dependent shift of theta-burst-induced plasticity in the human motor cortex.$$$ Animal studies using polarising currents have shown that induction of synaptic long-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD) by bursts of patterned stimulation is affected by the membrane potential of the postsynaptic neurone. The aim of the present experiments was to test whether it is possible to observe similar phenomena in humans with the aim of improving present protocols of inducing synaptic plasticity for therapeutic purposes. We tested whether the LTP/LTD-like after effects of transcranial theta-burst stimulation (TBS) of human motor cortex, an analogue of patterned electrical stimulation in animals, were affected by simultaneous transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS), a non-invasive method of polarising cortical neurones in humans. Nine healthy volunteers were investigated in a single-blind, balanced cross-over study; continuous TBS (cTBS) was used to introduce LTD-like after effects, whereas intermittent TBS (iTBS) produced LTP-like effects. Each pattern was coupled with concurrent application of tDCS (<200 s, anodal, cathodal, sham). Cathodal tDCS increased the response to iTBS and abolished the effects of cTBS. Anodal tDCS changed the effects of cTBS towards facilitation, but had no impact on iTBS. Cortical motor thresholds and intracortical inhibitory/facilitatory networks were not altered by any of the stimulation protocols. We conclude that the after effects of TBS can be modulated by concurrent tDCS. We hypothesise that tDCS changes the membrane potential of the apical dendrites of cortical pyramidal neurones and that this changes the response to patterned synaptic input evoked by TBS. The data show that it may be possible to enhance LTP-like plasticity after TBS in the human cortex.
D2 receptor block abolishes theta burst stimulation-induced neuroplasticity in the human motor cortex.$$$ Dopamine (DA) is a neurotransmitter with an important influence on learning and memory, which is thought to be due to its modulatory effect on plasticity at central synapses, which in turn depends on activation of D1 and D2 receptors. Methods of brain stimulation (transcranial direct current stimulation, tDCS; paired associative stimulation, PAS) lead to after-effects on cortical excitability that are thought to resemble long-term potentization (LTP)/long-term depression (LTD) in reduced preparations. In a previous study we found that block of D2 receptors abolished plasticity induced by tDCS but had no effect on the facilitatory plasticity induced by PAS. We postulated that the different effect of D2 receptor block on tDCS- and PAS-induced plasticity may be due to the different focality and associativity of the stimulation techniques. However, alternative explanations for this difference could not be ruled out. tDCS also differs from PAS in other aspects, as tDCS induces plasticity by subthreshold neuronal activation, modulating spontaneous activity, whereas PAS induces plasticity via phasic suprathreshold stimulation. The present study in 12 volunteers examined effects of D2 receptor blockade (sulpiride (SULP) 400 mg), on the LTP/LTD-like effects of theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (TBS), which has less restricted effects on cortical synapses than that of PAS, and does not induce associative plasticity, similar to tDCS, but on the other hand induces cortical excitability shifts by suprathreshold (rhythmic) activation of cortical neurons similarly to PAS. Administration of SULP blocked both the excitatory and inhibitory effects of intermittent (iTBS) and continuous TBS (cTBS), respectively. As the reduced response to TBS following SULP resembles its effect on tDCS, the results support an effect of DA on plasticity, which might be related to the focality and associativity of the plasticity induced.
Accelerated Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation in Late-Life Depression: A Possible Option for Older Depressed Adults in Need of ECT During the COVID-19 Pandemic.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an essential psychiatric service with an important role in treating older adults with severe or treatment-resistant depression. During the COVID-19 pandemic, ECT services have be constrained by infection control measures. We report a case of a 66-year-old female patient with a severe major depressive episode who had previously responded to right unilateral ECT and was treated with two modified accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation (aiTBS) protocols., METHODS: The two aiTBS courses consisted of eight daily sessions over five consecutive days, followed by gradual tapering, using 1,800 pulses per session pre-COVID-19 (first course), and 600 pulses per session during the pandemic (second course)., RESULTS: Moderate to severe baseline depressive symptoms reached remission levels after both courses., CONCLUSION: The 600-pulses aiTBS treatment protocol reported here warrants further study and evaluation, but may be a potential option in cases where older adults with severe depressive symptoms cannot access ECT during the COVID-19 pandemic. Copyright © 2020 American Association for Geriatric Psychiatry. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Unlocking Therapeutic Potential: The Role of Theta Burst Stimulation in Multiple Sclerosis Management.$$$ Objective: Current therapies for multiple sclerosis (MS) often have limited efficacy and side effects, necessitating alternative approaches. Noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS), such as transcranial direct current stimulation and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), offers potential solutions. Among NIBS techniques, theta burst stimulation (TBS) is notable for its ability to modulate cortical activity. The objective of this systematic review is to assess the impact of TBS on MS symptoms., Data Sources: The study conducted rigorous systematic searches in PubMed, Google Scholar, and Scopus databases up to June 2023, using specific Medical Subject Headings terms related to NIBS and MS, such as TMS and TBS, in conjunction with terms like MS or demyelinating disease. Additionally, the bibliographic references of included studies, book chapters, and original articles were manually reviewed., Study Selection: The study selection process involved a 2-tiered screening mechanism, beginning with an evaluation of titles and abstracts, followed by a full-text review of selected articles. Inclusion criteria incorporated randomized controlled trials (RCTs) focusing on TBS with MS patients. Exclusion criteria included non-qualitative, non-MS, and non-TBS studies. Risk of bias assessment was conducted using the 2008 Cochrane Risk of Bias 2 Scale for RCTs., Data Extraction: Data extraction was conducted by thoroughly reviewing each research article and systematically recording the relevant information using a standardized data extraction form, ensuring consistency and accuracy throughout the process., Results: In a systematic review encompassing 5 randomized controlled trials involving 117 individuals with relapsing-remitting or secondary progressive MS across Italy, France, and Russia, various forms of TBS were applied. These interventions ranged from intermittent TBS (iTBS) to continuous intermittent TBS (c-iTBS) that demonstrated favorable outcomes. Notably, TBS interventions led to significant reductions in spasticity, fatigue, and pain, with c-iTBS combined with vestibular rehabilitation showing additional improvements in vestibular-ocular reflexes, gait, and balance. While specific protocols varied among the studies, collectively, the results suggest promise for TBS approaches in alleviating MS-related symptoms., Conclusions: The findings of this review suggest that TBS may hold promise in addressing specific MS symptoms, notably fatigue and spasticity. Future research should include a more diverse participant pool to explore TBS effects across different MS subtypes and aim for larger sample sizes to enhance statistical power and result reliability., Prim Care Companion CNS Disord 2024;26(2):23r03645., Author affiliations are listed at the end of this article. © Copyright 2024 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc.
Pilot study with randomised control of dual site theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for methamphetamine use disorder: a protocol for the TARTAN study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) (including the theta burst stimulation (TBS) form of TMS used in this study) is a non-invasive means to stimulate nerve cells in superficial areas of the brain. In recent years, there has been a growth in the application of TMS to investigate the modulation of neural networks involved in substance use disorders. This study examines the feasibility of novel TMS protocols for the treatment of methamphetamine (MA) use disorder in an ambulatory drug and alcohol treatment setting., METHODS: Thirty participants meeting the criteria for moderate to severe MA use disorder will be recruited in community drug and alcohol treatment settings and randomised to receive active TMS or sham (control) intervention. The treatment is intermittent TBS (iTBS) applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), then continuous TBS (cTBS) to the left orbitofrontal cortex (OFC). Twelve sessions are administered over 4 weeks with opt-in weekly standardized cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) counselling and a neuroimaging sub-study offered to participants. Primary outcomes are feasibility measures including recruitment, retention and acceptability of the intervention. Secondary outcomes include monitoring of safety and preliminary efficacy data including changes in substance use, cravings (cue reactivity) and cognition (response inhibition)., DISCUSSION: This study examines shorter TBS protocols of TMS for MA use disorder in real-world drug and alcohol outpatient settings where withdrawal and abstinence from MA, or other substances, are not eligibility requirements. TMS is a relatively affordable treatment and staff of ambulatory health settings can be trained to administer TMS. It is a potentially scalable and translatable treatment for existing drug and alcohol clinical settings. TMS has the potential to provide a much-needed adjuvant treatment to existing psychosocial interventions for MA use disorder. A limitation of this protocol is that the feasibility of follow-up is only examined at the end of treatment (4 weeks)., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australia New Zealand Clinical Trial Registry ACTRN12622000762752. Registered on May 27, 2022, and retrospectively registered (first participant enrolled) on May 23, 2022, with protocol version 7 on February 24, 2023. Copyright © 2024. Crown.
Theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of auditory verbal hallucinations: results of a randomized controlled study.$$$ One Hertz (1 Hz) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective therapy for auditory verbal hallucinations (AVH). Theta burst protocols (TBS) show longer after-effects. This single-blind, randomized controlled study compared continuous TBS with 1Hz rTMS in a 10-day treatment. Patients were diagnosed with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. TBS demonstrated equal clinical effects compared to 1Hz TMS. Copyright © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Comparative assessment of best conventional with best theta burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation protocols on human motor cortex excitability.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Comparative assessment of best conventional with best theta burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) protocols on human motor cortex excitability., METHODS: Stimulation of dominant hand abductor digiti minimi muscle representation of motor cortex in nine healthy right-handed subjects utilising two different MagPro stimulators to generate TMS pulses of distinct monophasic, half sine and biphasic shape with anteriorly or posteriorly directed current flow, measuring resting and active motor threshold and motor-evoked potential (MEP) amplitude. Comparison of two different conventional rTMSs and eight different theta burst stimulation (TBS) protocols., RESULTS: Continuous TBS (cTBS) yielded an inhibition, and intermittent TBS (iTBS) a facilitation of MEP amplitudes. These effects were not significantly influenced by waveform or current orientation. Compared to conventional rTMS paradigms, neither cTBS nor iTBS showed significantly stronger effects. In addition and confirming earlier findings, the asymmetric monophasic pulse and a posteriorly directed current flow yielded a higher threshold than all other TMS types. The less asymmetric half-sine pulse had a lower threshold for postero-anterior current than in the opposite direction. The biphasic stimuli yielded the lowest motor threshold particularly with an antero-posterior current direction., CONCLUSIONS: TBS did not depend on current direction or on pulse configuration in this sample of healthy subjects. In addition, TBS effect size was not clearly superior to conventional rTMS protocols., SIGNIFICANCE: This systematic comparison of three waveforms, two current directions and two different interventional protocols allows a better understanding of the mechanisms of TMS on human motor cortex.
Feasibility of intermediate theta burst stimulation as sham control in therapeutic transcranial magnetic stimulation studies.$$$ A major challenge in Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation trials is that of an inefficient sham protocol. This could potentially amplify the gap in behavioral outcomes following true and control treatments. Intermediate theta-burst stimulation (imTBS) is a promising sham alternative since it uses actual TMS pulses, thus mimicking the sensory effects of stimulation without producing physiological aftereffects. Here, we critically review controlled experiments that have examined physiological and behavioral aftereffects following imTBS with the intention to further investigate what appears to be a promising sham control modality for TBS studies. Copyright © 2022 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A high-density theta burst paradigm enhances the aftereffects of transcranial magnetic stimulation: Evidence from focal stimulation of rat motor cortex.$$$ BACKGROUND: Theta burst stimulation (TBS) is an efficient noninvasive neuromodulation paradigm that has been widely adopted, clinically. However, the efficacy of TBS treatment remains similarly modest as conventional 10 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)., OBJECTIVE/HYPOTHESIS: To develop a new TBS paradigm that enhances the effects of TMS administration while maintaining high time-efficiency., METHODS: We describe here a new TMS paradigm, named High-Density Theta Burst Stimulation (hdTBS). This paradigm delivers up to 6 pulses per burst, as opposed to only 3 in conventional TBS, while maintaining the inter-burst interval of 200 ms (or 5 Hz) - a critical parameter in inducing long-term potentiation. This paradigm was implemented on a TMS stimulator developed in-house; its physiological effects were assessed in the motor cortex of awake rats using a rodent specific focal TMS coil. Microwire electrodes were implanted into each rat's limb muscles to longitudinally record motor-evoked potential (MEP). Four different TBS paradigms (3, 4, 5 or 6 pulses per burst, 200 s per session) were tested; MEP signals were recorded immediately before (baseline) and up to 35 min post each TBS session., RESULTS: We developed a stimulator based on a printed-circuit board strategy. The stimulator was able to deliver stable outputs of up to 6 pulses per burst. Animal experiments (n = 15) revealed significantly different aftereffects induced by the four TBS paradigms (Friedman test, p = 0.018). Post hoc analysis further revealed that, in comparison to conventional 3-pulse TBS, 5- and 6-pulse TBS enhanced the aftereffects of MEP signals by 56% and 92%, respectively, while maintaining identical time efficiency., CONCLUSION(S): A new stimulation paradigm is proposed, implemented and tested in the motor cortex of awake rats using a focal TMS coil developed in the lab. We observed enhanced aftereffects as assessed by MEP, with no obvious adverse effects, suggesting the translational potentials of this paradigm. Copyright Published by Elsevier Inc.
Perfusion MRI indexes variability in the functional brain effects of theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation.$$$ Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) is an important tool for testing causal relationships in cognitive neuroscience research. However, the efficacy of TMS can be variable across individuals and difficult to measure. This variability is especially a challenge when TMS is applied to regions without well-characterized behavioral effects, such as in studies using TMS on multi-modal areas in intrinsic networks. Here, we examined whether perfusion fMRI recordings of Cerebral Blood Flow (CBF), a quantitative measure sensitive to slow functional changes, reliably index variability in the effects of stimulation. Twenty-seven participants each completed four combined TMS-fMRI sessions during which both resting state Blood Oxygen Level Dependent (BOLD) and perfusion Arterial Spin Labeling (ASL) scans were recorded. In each session after the first baseline day, continuous theta-burst TMS (TBS) was applied to one of three locations: left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (L dlPFC), left anterior insula/frontal operculum (L aI/fO), or left primary somatosensory cortex (L S1). The two frontal targets are components of intrinsic networks and L S1 was used as an experimental control. CBF changes were measured both before and after TMS on each day from a series of interleaved resting state and perfusion scans. Although TBS led to weak selective increases under the coil in CBF measurements across the group, individual subjects showed wide variability in their responses. TBS-induced changes in rCBF were related to TBS-induced changes in functional connectivity of the relevant intrinsic networks measured during separate resting-state BOLD scans. This relationship was selective: CBF and functional connectivity of these networks were not related before TBS or after TBS to the experimental control region (S1). Furthermore, subject groups with different directions of CBF change after TBS showed distinct modulations in the functional interactions of targeted networks. These results suggest that CBF is a marker of individual differences in the effects of TBS.
Effects of 30Hz theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation on the primary motor cortex.$$$ Theta Burst Stimulation (TBS) is a relatively new form of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) used to probe neuroplasticity in the human cortex. Thirty-Hz TBS, a variation of the originally described 50Hz TBS, has been shown to induce cortical changes in several nonmotor regions. However, its effects over the primary motor cortex have not been examined. Due to TMS device mechanical properties, 30Hz TBS is advantageous over 50Hz TBS in that it can be delivered at higher stimulation intensities. The goal of this pilot study is to examine the neurophysiologic effects of 30Hz TBS on the primary motor cortex (M1) of healthy adults. Eighteen right-handed adults (33+/-9.0 years; M:F=8:10) completed intermittent TBS (iTBS) or continuous TBS (cTBS) over left M1. TBS was performed with Magstim R SuperRapid2 with stimulation bursts (3 pulses at 30Hz) repeating every 200ms. For iTBS, each 2-s stimulation train was separated by 8s but there was no pause between trains for cTBS. Each TBS consisted of a total of 600 pulses delivered at an intensity of 90%*Resting Motor Threshold. Motor-Evoked Potentials (MEP) in the right first dorsal interosseous muscle were measured before, and one and ten minutes after TBS. Pre/post-TBS MEP amplitudes were compared using repeated-measures ANOVA. MEP amplitudes increased after 30Hz iTBS and decreased after 30Hz cTBS (TBS-Type*Time effect p=0.009). In conclusion, 30Hz TBS induced similar neurophysiologic effects over M1 as conventional 50Hz TBS. Copyright © 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Analgesic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex in neuropathic pain: influence of theta burst stimulation priming.$$$ BACKGROUND: 'Conventional' protocols of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) delivered to M1 can produce analgesia. Theta burst stimulation (TBS), a novel rTMS paradigm, is thought to produce greater changes in M1 excitability than 'conventional' protocols. After a preliminary experiment showing no analgesic effect of continuous or intermittent TBS trains (cTBS or iTBS) delivered to M1 as single procedures, we used TBS to prime a subsequent session of 'conventional' 10 Hz-rTMS., METHODS: In 14 patients with chronic refractory neuropathic pain, navigated rTMS was targeted over M1 hand region, contralateral to painful side. Analgesic effects were daily assessed on a visual analogue scale for the week after each 10 Hz-rTMS session, preceded or not by TBS priming. In an additional experiment, the effects on cortical excitability parameters provided by single- and paired-pulse TMS paradigms were studied., RESULTS: Pain level was reduced after any type of rTMS procedure compared to baseline, but iTBS priming produced greater analgesia than the other protocols. Regarding motor cortex excitability changes, the analgesic effects were associated with an increase in intracortical inhibition, whatever the type of stimulation, primed or non-primed., CONCLUSIONS: The present results show that the analgesic effects of 'conventional' 10 Hz-rTMS delivered to M1 can be enhanced by TBS priming, at least using iTBS. Interestingly, the application of cTBS and iTBS did not produce opposite modulations, unlike previously reported in other systems. It remains to be determined whether the interest of TBS priming is to generate a simple additive effect or a more specific process of cortical plasticity. Copyright © 2012 European Federation of International Association for the Study of Pain Chapters.
Modulation of cortical motor networks following primed theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation.$$$ To investigate whether priming stimulation influences the responses of intracortical inhibitory and facilitatory motor circuits to a subsequent plasticity-inducing inhibitory theta burst TMS paradigm. Using standard transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) procedures, MEP amplitude, short-interval intracortical inhibition (SICI), and short-interval intracortical facilitation (SICF) were assessed at baseline and 5, 20 and 30 min following continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS), intermittent TBS (iTBS), and iTBS-primed cTBS. SICI was assessed using paired-pulse TMS at inter-stimulus intervals (ISI) of 3 ms (SICI(3)) and the latency corresponding to the latency at which SICF was minimal in each individual. SICF was assessed at ISIs corresponding to Peak 1, Trough 1, Peak 2, and Peak 3 of each individual's SICF curve. When applied alone cTBS inhibited and iTBS facilitated MEP amplitudes. iTBS-primed cTBS resulted in greater MEP inhibition than cTBS alone. There were no changes in SICF and only marginal changes in SICI following any intervention. Synapses mediating MEP generation undergo modification following iTBS-primed cTBS, possibly through mechanisms related to metaplasticity or synaptic depotentiation. A lack of substantial changes in SICI and SICF under all experimental conditions suggests that the tested rTMS paradigms may be non-optimal for inducing robust modulation of the neural elements mediating SICI and SICF across subjects. Priming stimulation may provide an approach which facilitate neuroplastic change within the human motor cortex at least in circuits responsible for MEP generation.
The theoretical model of theta burst form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Theta burst stimulation, a form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, can induce lasting changes in corticospinal excitability that are thought to involve long-term potentiation/depression (LTD/LTD)-like effects on cortical synapses. The pattern of delivery of TBS is crucial in determining the direction of change in synaptic efficiency. Previously we explained this by postulating (1) that a single burst of stimulation induces a mixture of excitatory and inhibitory effects and (2) those effects may cascade to produce long-lasting effects. Here we formalise those ideas into a simple mathematical model., METHODS: The model is based on a simplified description of the glutamatergic synapse in which post-synaptic Ca(2+) entry initiates processes leading to different amount of potentiation and depression of synaptic transmission. The final effect on the synapse results from summation of the two effects., RESULTS: The model using these assumptions can fit reported data. Metaplastic effects of voluntary contraction on the response to TBS can be incorporated by changing time constants in the model., CONCLUSIONS: The pattern-dependent after-effects and interactions with voluntary contraction can be successfully modelled by using reasonable assumptions about known cellular mechanisms of plasticity., SIGNIFICANCE: The model could provide insight into development of new plasticity induction protocols using TMS. Copyright © 2010 International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
The role of dorsal premotor area in reaction task: comparing the "virtual lesion" effect of paired pulse or theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation.$$$ We compared the effect on reaction times of transient interference with function of the dorsal premotor cortex (PMd) using a pair (25-ms interval) of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) pulses with long-term interference produced by a new repetitive TMS paradigm known as "theta burst stimulation" (TBS). Pairs of TMS pulses over left PMd increased choice but not simple reaction times of the right hand if given at the onset of the reaction interval. There was no effect of stimulation over right PMd or at a midline parietal control site (Pz). In contrast, TBS over either left or right PMd increased choice RTs of both hands for at least 5-10 min after the end of TBS. Pairs of TMS pulses over left PMd also increased error rates whereas TBS had no effect on error rates despite the effect on RTs. We suggest that TBS leads to widespread changes in activity and more complex effects on behaviour than expected from the paired pulse TMS and conclude that transient and long-term forms of interference with function may influence behavioural tasks in subtly different ways.
Theta-burst stimulation: a new form of TMS treatment for depression?.$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a common debilitating condition where only one third of patients achieve remission after the first antidepressant treatment. Inadequate efficacy and adverse effects of current treatment strategies call for more effective and tolerable treatment options. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a noninvasive approach to manipulate brain activity and alter cortical excitability. There has been more than 15 years of research on the use of repetitive form of TMS (rTMS) for the treatment of patients with depression, which has shown it to be an effective antidepressant treatment. Even though rTMS treatment has shown efficacy in treating depression, there is a high degree of interindividual variability in response. A newer form of rTMS protocol, known as theta-burst stimulation (TBS), has been shown to produce similar if not greater effects on brain activity than standard rTMS. TBS protocols have a major advantage over standard rTMS approaches in their reduced administration duration. Conventional rTMS procedures last between 20 and 45 min, as compared to TBS paradigms that require 1 to 3 min of stimulation. Recently, a small number of studies have suggested that TBS has similar or better efficacy in treating depression compared to rTMS. Optimization, identification of response predictors, and clarification of neurobiological mechanisms of TBS is required if it is to be further developed as a less time intensive, safe, and effective treatment for MDD. Copyright © 2014 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
The effect of pulse shape in theta-burst stimulation: Monophasic vs biphasic TMS.$$$ BACKGROUND: Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (i) (TBS) is a transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) plasticity protocol. Conventionally, TBS is applied using biphasic pulses due to hardware limitations. However, monophasic pulses are hypothesised to recruit cortical neurons more selectively than biphasic pulses, predicting stronger plasticity effects. Monophasic and biphasic TBS can be generated using a custom-made pulse-width modulation-based TMS device (pTMS)., OBJECTIVE: Using pTMS, we tested the hypothesis that monophasic iTBS would induce a stronger plasticity effect than biphasic, measured as induced increases in motor corticospinal excitability., METHODS: In a repeated-measures design, thirty healthy volunteers participated in three separate sessions, where monophasic and biphasic iTBS was applied to the primary motor cortex (M1 condition) or the vertex (control condition). Plasticity was quantified as increases in motor corticospinal excitability after versus before iTBS, by comparing peak-to-peak amplitudes of motor evoked potentials (MEP) measured at baseline and over 60 min after iTBS., RESULTS: Both monophasic and biphasic M1 iTBS led to significant increases in MEP amplitude. As predicted, linear mixed effects (LME) models showed that the iTBS condition had a significant effect on the MEP amplitude (chi2 (1) = 27.615, p < 0.001) with monophasic iTBS leading to significantly stronger plasticity than biphasic iTBS (t (693) = 2.311, p = 0.021). Control vertex iTBS had no effect., CONCLUSIONS: In this study, monophasic iTBS induced a stronger motor corticospinal excitability increase than biphasic within participants. This greater physiological effect suggests that monophasic iTBS may also have potential for greater functional impact, of interest for future fundamental and clinical applications of TBS. Copyright © 2023 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Theta-burst TMS of lateral occipital cortex reduces BOLD responses across category-selective areas in ventral temporal cortex.$$$ Human visual cortex contains three scene-selective regions in the lateral, medial and ventral cortex, termed the occipital place area (OPA), medial place area (MPA) and parahippocampal place area (PPA). Using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), all three regions respond more strongly when viewing visual scenes compared with isolated objects or faces. To determine how these regions are functionally and causally connected, we applied transcranial magnetic stimulation to OPA and measured fMRI responses before and after stimulation, using a theta-burst paradigm (TBS). To test for stimulus category-selectivity, we presented a range of visual categories (scenes, buildings, objects, faces). To test for specificity of any effects to TBS of OPA we employed two control conditions: Sham, with no TBS stimulation, and an active TBS-control with TBS to a proximal face-selective cortical region (occipital face area, or OFA). We predicted that TBS to OPA (but not OFA) would lead to decreased responses to scenes and buildings (but not other categories) in other scene-selective cortical regions. Across both ROI and whole-volume analyses, we observed decreased responses to scenes in PPA as a result of TBS. However, these effects were neither category specific, with decreased responses to all stimulus categories, nor limited to scene-selective regions, with decreases also observed in face-selective fusiform face area (FFA). Furthermore, similar effects were observed with TBS to OFA, thus effects were not specific to the stimulation site in the lateral occipital cortex. Whilst these data are suggestive of a causal, but non-specific relationship between lateral occipital and ventral temporal cortex, we discuss several factors that could have underpinned this result, such as the differences between TBS and online TMS, the role of anatomical distance between stimulated regions and how TMS effects are operationalised. Furthermore, our findings highlight the importance of active control conditions in brain stimulation experiments to accurately assess functional and causal connectivity between specific brain regions. Copyright © 2021. Published by Elsevier Inc.
The dorsomedial prefrontal cortex as a flexible hub mediating behavioral as well as local and distributed neural effects of social support context on pain: A Theta Burst Stimulation and TMS-EEG study.$$$ Increasing evidence points to an analgesic influence of social support context, in which the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (dmPFC) may play a key role. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) has the capacity to causally modulate brain activity. This study was designed to investigate the potential role of dmPFC in orchestrating the behavioral and neural effects of social context during pain. Twenty-three healthy participants underwent a three-session cross-over, single-blinded, sham-controlled protocol in which they received Theta Burst Stimulation (TBS) (facilitatory intermittent TBS, suppressive continuous TBS, or Sham) delivered to the dmPFC. In each session, participants underwent cold pain while viewing an image of a romantic partner or a stranger. Effects of TBS to the dmPFC were assessed using a measure of pain perception, neural activity and network connectivity using electroencephalography (EEG) and TMS-EEG. In the stranger condition, pain experience increased following iTBS. This was associated with increased connectivity between central regions and fronto-parietal regions. In contrast, in the romantic partner condition, iTBS increased connectivity only between frontal and occipital regions and did not modulate pain experience. In line with recent studies, neither cTBS nor Sham stimulation elicited neural or behavioral changes. Together these findings suggest that the dmPFC has the capacity to causally modulate pain-related information integration and network configuration in a context-dependent manner. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The effects of individualised intermittent theta burst stimulation in the prefrontal cortex: A TMS-EEG study.$$$ Recent studies have highlighted variability in response to theta burst stimulation (TBS) in humans. TBS paradigm was originally developed in rodents to mimic gamma bursts coupled with theta rhythms, and was shown to elicit long-term potentiation. The protocol was subsequently adapted for humans using standardised frequencies of stimulation. However, each individual has different rhythmic firing pattern. The present study sought to explore whether individualised intermittent TBS (Ind iTBS) could outperform the effects of two other iTBS variants. Twenty healthy volunteers received iTBS over left prefrontal cortex using 30 Hz at 6 Hz, 50 Hz at 5 Hz, or individualised frequency in separate sessions. Ind iTBS was determined using theta-gamma coupling during the 3-back task. Concurrent use of transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroencephalography (TMS-EEG) was used to track changes in cortical plasticity. We also utilised mood ratings using a visual analogue scale and assessed working memory via the 3-back task before and after stimulation. No group-level effect was observed following either 30 or 50 Hz iTBS in TMS-EEG. Ind iTBS significantly increased the amplitude of the TMS-evoked P60, and decreased N100 and P200 amplitudes. A significant positive correlation between neurophysiological change and change in mood rating was also observed. Improved accuracy in the 3-back task was observed following both 50 Hz and Ind iTBS conditions. These findings highlight the critical importance of frequency in the parameter space of iTBS. Tailored stimulation parameters appear more efficacious than standard paradigms in neurophysiological and mood changes. This novel approach presents a promising option and benefits may extend to clinical applications. Copyright © 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Bilateral neuronavigated 20Hz theta burst TMS for treatment refractory depression: An open label study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Current medication and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) treatments for depression bring only approximately one-third of patients to remission. Newer TMS techniques such as bilateral treatment, neuronavigation, and theta burst stimulation (TBS) show promise in improving remission rates. However, it is unclear whether newer off-label techniques improve outcomes enough to justify widespread implementation., METHODS: An IRB approved retrospective chart review examined 58 primarily treatment-resistant (79%) depressed patients who received bilateral neuronavigated TBS-20Hz in a private outpatient clinic., RESULTS: 72% (42/58) of patients remitted (Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II)<13) with an 81% decrease in BDI-II scores. 83% (48/58) of patients responded (BDI-II<=50%). Average time to remission was 7.3 treatment weeks (SD=4.5, Range 0.6-21.2). Overall, 40% (17/42) of remitters also successfully discontinued one or more pretreatment medications., CONCLUSIONS: Bilateral Neuronavigated TBS-20Hz TMS brought more than two-thirds of treatment refractory depressed patients to remission. TBS-20Hz may be critical for obtaining higher remission rates. Controlled trials are warranted. Copyright © 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Bridging the skull: electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in psychiatry.$$$ A brief account of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) with reference to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is given, identifying similarities and dissimilarities, and discussing their potential therapeutic roles. The insulating properties of the skull prevent specific, noninvasive stimulation of particular brain regions by direct electrical means. ECT allows electrical stimulation of the cortex, but its concomitant seizures and distributed electrical currents can have adverse effects on patients. By contrast, magnetic fields pass almost without attenuation through the skull, and can induce secondary electrical currents in localized areas of the brain. Subconvulsive rTMS does not require seizure or general anesthetic, and does not affect memory. Recent studies suggest that rTMS has therapeutic potential for mood disorders, for which ECT is well established. rTMS is a new technology with the potential to treat some mental disorders currently treated with ECT, with fewer side effects. ECT will almost certainly remain the treatment of choice in some situations, but ECT and rTMS may be alternatives for other patients. It is possible that rTMS will become established in some areas where ECT is not used. Further research will define these roles and evaluate the utility of rTMS.
The priming effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on clinical response to electroconvulsive therapy in treatment-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is one of the most effective treatments for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). However, due to response delay and cognitive impairment, ECT remains an imperfect treatment. Compared to ECT, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is less effective at treating severe depression, but has the advantage of being quick, easy to use, and producing almost no side effects. In this study, our objective was to assess the priming effect of rTMS sessions before ECT on clinical response in patients with TRD., METHODS: In this multicenter, randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial, 56 patients with TRD were assigned to active or sham rTMS before ECT treatment. Five sessions of active/sham neuronavigated rTMS were administered over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (20 Hz, 90% resting motor threshold, 20 2 s trains with 60-s intervals, 800 pulses/session) before ECT (which was active for all patients) started. Any relative improvements were then compared between both groups after five ECT sessions, in order to assess the early response to treatment., RESULTS: After ECT, the active rTMS group exhibited a significantly greater relative improvement than the sham group [43.4% (28.6%) v. 25.4% (17.2%)]. The responder rate in the active group was at least three times higher. Cognitive complaints, which were assessed using the Cognitive Failures Questionnaire, were higher in the sham rTMS group compared to the active rTMS group, but this difference was not corroborated by cognitive tests., CONCLUSIONS: rTMS could be used to enhance the efficacy of ECT in patients with TRD. ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02830399.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation in reducing depressive symptoms during the peripartum period.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To present the latest data on the efficacy, safety, and acceptability of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in peripartum depression (PPD), complemented by notes emerging from our clinical and research experience., RECENT FINDINGS: TMS and tDCS show promising results to manage mild to moderate depressive symptoms in the peripartum period. Evidence of TMS efficacy during pregnancy and the postpartum comes from two small randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with encouraging but still inconsistent results. Evidence of tDCS efficacy during pregnancy comes from one small RCT and in the postpartum the first RCT is just now being conducted and results are highly expected. The safety profile (with transient mild adverse effect to women and no known risk to the foetus/newborn) and acceptability by women seems overall good. However, the perspectives from health professionals and managers are unclear., SUMMARY: Whereas TMS accelerated protocols (e.g., more than one session/day) and shorter sessions (e.g., theta burst stimulation) could address the need for fast results in PPD, home-based tDCS systems could address accessibility issues. Currently, the evidence on the efficacy of TMS and tDCS in PPD is limited warranting further research to support stronger evidence-based clinical guidelines. Copyright © 2024 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Lowering the seizure threshold in electroconvulsive therapy using transcranial magnetic stimulation: A case report.$$$ We demonstrate the feasibility of lowering the seizure threshold using a combined approach of electroconvulsive therapy and transcranial magnetic stimulation. High-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation of the supplementary motor area shortly before each electroconvulsive treatment session resulted in a reduction of the seizure threshold by half in a male patient with a severe psychotic depressive episode of bipolar affective disorder. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Safety of theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation: a systematic review of the literature.$$$ Theta burst stimulation (TBS) protocols have recently emerged as a method to transiently alter cortical excitability in the human brain through repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. TBS involves applying short trains of stimuli at high frequency repeated at intervals of 200 milliseconds. Because repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is known to carry a risk of seizures, safety guidelines have been established. TBS has the theoretical potential of conferring an even higher risk of seizure than other repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation protocols because it delivers high-frequency bursts. In light of the recent report of a seizure induced by TBS, the safety of this new protocol deserves consideration. We performed an English language literature search and reviewed all studies published from May 2004 to December 2009 in which TBS was applied. The adverse events were documented, and crude risk was calculated. The majority of adverse events attributed to TBS were mild and occurred in 5% of subjects. Based on this review, TBS seems to be a safe and efficacious technique. However, given its novelty, it should be applied with caution. Additionally, this review highlights the need for rigorous documentation of adverse events associated with TBS and intensity dosing studies to assess the seizure risk associated with various stimulation parameters (e.g., frequency, intensity, and location).
Treatment of mixed depression with theta-burst stimulation (TBS): results from a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled clinical trial.$$$ Mixed depression is probably different in terms of clinical course and response to treatment. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is well established in non-mixed depression, and theta-burst stimulation (TBS) protocol is replacing conventional protocols because of noninferiority and reduced delivery time. However, TBS has not been adequately studied in mixed states. This study was a double-blind, six-week, sham-controlled, and randomized clinical trial of bilateral TBS targeting the right and left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, respectively. Adults with bipolar and major depressive disorder experiencing an acute mixed depression were eligible if they had not benefited from a first- or second-line treatment for acute unipolar or bipolar depression recommended by the Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments. Out of 100 patients included, 90 composed modified intention-to-treat sample, which was patients that completed at least one week of the intervention. There were no significant differences in Montgomery-Asberg depression rating scale score changes (least squares mean difference between groups at week 3, -0.06 [95% CI, - 3.39 to 3.51; P = 0.97] in favor of sham TBS). Response and remission rates per MADRS were also not statistically different among active and sham groups (35.7% vs. 43.7%, and 28.5% vs. 37.5% respectively at week 6, ps > 0.51). No other analyses from baseline to weeks 3 or 6 revealed significant time x group interaction or mean differences among groups in the mITT sample. Bilateral TBS targeting the DLPFC is not efficacious as an add-on treatment of acute bipolar and unipolar mixed depression. ClinicalTrials.govIdentifier: NCT04123301. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to American College of Neuropsychopharmacology.
Effects of Hyperdirect Pathway Theta Burst Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Inhibitory Control, Craving, and Smoking in Adults With Nicotine Dependence: A Double-Blind, Randomized Crossover Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Nicotine dependence is associated with dysregulated hyperdirect pathway (HDP)-mediated inhibitory control (IC). However, there are currently no evidence-based treatments that have been shown to target the HDP to improve IC and reduce cigarette cravings and smoking., METHODS: Following a baseline nonstimulation control session, this study (N = 37; female: n = 17) used a double-blind, randomized crossover design to examine the behavioral and neural effects of intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) and continuous TBS (cTBS) to the right inferior frontal gyrus (rIFG)-a key cortical node of the HDP. Associations between treatment effects were also explored., RESULTS: At baseline, HDP IC task-state functional connectivity was positively associated with IC task performance, which confirmed the association between HDP circuit function and IC. Compared with iTBS, rIFG cTBS improved IC task performance. Compared with the baseline nonstimulation control session, both TBS conditions reduced cigarette craving and smoking; however, although craving and smoking were lower for cTBS, no differences were found between the two active conditions. In addition, although HDP IC task-state functional connectivity was greater following cTBS than iTBS, there was no significant difference between conditions. Finally, cTBS-induced improvement in IC task performance was associated with reduced craving, and cTBS-induced reduction in craving was associated with reduced smoking., CONCLUSIONS: These findings warrant further investigation into the effects of rIFG cTBS for increasing IC and reducing craving and smoking among individuals with nicotine dependence. Future sham-controlled cTBS studies may help further elucidate the mechanisms by which rIFG cTBS mediates IC and smoking behavior. Copyright © 2023 Society of Biological Psychiatry. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Preliminary assessment of the therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (cTBS) in major depression: a double-blind sham-controlled study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (TBS) has been shown to induce potent and long lasting effects on cortical excitability. In a previous open study, we demonstrated safety, tolerability and antidepressant properties of continuous TBS (cTBS) in major depression (MD). The present study was aimed to evaluate the therapeutic efficacy of cTBS in depressed patients using a double-blind, sham-controlled design., METHODS: Twenty nine patients with MD were randomized to receive either active cTBS to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (n=15) or sham cTBS (n=14) for 10 consecutive work days. After the 10th session, patients who received sham TBS were crossed over to active cTBS which consisted of 10 daily sessions. Patients who received active cTBS continued with the same treatment protocol for additional 10 treatments. Each treatment session consisted of 3600 stimuli at an intensity of 100% of the active motor threshold. Severity of depression was assessed weekly., RESULTS: Overall, there was no significant difference in the degree of clinical improvement between active and sham cTBS groups. However, in patients whose medication status remained unchanged before the trial (n=8) and in those who were medication-free (n=3), active cTBS resulted in a significantly greater reduction of Hamilton depression scores as compared to sham cTBS., LIMITATIONS: A small sample size, confounding effect of medication and short treatment period., CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that the antidepressant effect of cTBS is modest, yet it might be beneficial to patients nonresponsive to ongoing pharmacological treatment. A direct comparison between cTBS and conventional rTMS protocols is warranted. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Real-world case series of maintenance theta burst stimulation therapy following response to acute theta burst stimulation therapy for difficult-to-treat depression.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Treatment and management for difficult-to-treat depression are challenging, especially in a subset of patients who are at high risk for relapse and recurrence. The conditions that represent this subset are recurrent depressive disorder (RDD) and bipolar disorder (BD). In this context, we aimed to examine the effectiveness of maintenance transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) on a real-world clinical basis by retrospectively extracting data from the TMS registry data in Tokyo, Japan., METHODS: Data on patients diagnosed with treatment-resistant RDD and BD who received maintenance intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) weekly after successful treatment with acute iTBS between March 2020 and October 2023 were extracted from the registry., RESULTS: All patients (21 cases: 10 cases with RDD and 11 cases with BD) could sustain response, and 19 of them further maintained remission. In this study, maintenance iTBS did not exacerbate depressive symptoms in any of the cases, but may rather have the effect of stabilizing the mental condition and preventing recurrence., CONCLUSIONS: This case series is of great clinical significance because it is the first study to report on the effectiveness of maintenance iTBS for RDD and BD, with a follow-up of more than 2 years. Further validation with a randomized controlled trial design with a larger sample size is warranted.
Efficacy and acceptability of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) versus electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.$$$ Clinical trials comparing the efficacy and acceptability of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for treating major depression (MD) have yielded conflicting results. As this may have been the result of limited statistical power, we have carried out this meta-analysis to examine this issue. We searched the literature for randomized trials on head-to-head comparisons between HF-rTMS and ECT from January 1995 through September 2012 using MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and SCOPUS. The main outcome measures were remission rates, pre-post changes in depression ratings, as well as overall dropout rates at study end. We used a random-effects model, Odds Ratios (OR), Number Needed to Treat (NNT), and Hedges' g effect sizes. Data were obtained from 7 randomized trials, totalling 294 subjects with MD. After an average of 15.2 HF-rTMS and 8.2 ECT sessions, 33.6% (38/113) and 52% (53/102) of subjects were classified as remitters (OR = 0.46; p = 0.04), respectively. The associated NNT for remission was 6 and favoured ECT. Also, reduction of depressive symptomatology was significantly more pronounced in the ECT group (Hedges' g = -0.93; p = 0.007). No differences on dropout rates for HF-rTMS and ECT groups were found. In conclusion, ECT seems to be more effective than HF-rTMS for treating MD, although they did not differ in terms of dropout rates. Nevertheless, future comparative trials with larger sample sizes and better matching at baseline, longer follow-ups and more intense stimulation protocols are warranted. Copyright © 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
The effects of theta burst stimulation (TBS) targeting the prefrontal cortex on executive functioning: A systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ Theta burst stimulation (TBS) is a highly efficient repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) variant employed in experimental and clinical treatment paradigms. Despite widespread usage of TBS targeting the prefrontal cortex (PFC), there has been no systematic review of the evidence linking TBS protocols to changes in task performance on common measures of prefrontal function in general, and executive functions specifically. A systematic review of the literature was conducted using PsycINFO, PubMed, Web of Science and Scopus databases to identify articles examining the effects of TBS targeting the PFC on executive function task performance. Both the up-regulating (intermittent theta burst stimulation; iTBS) and down-regulating (continuous theta burst stimulation; cTBS) variants of TBS were considered. 32 (29 cTBS; 8 iTBS) studies met the inclusion criteria. Participants (n=759; 51.41% female) were primarily young adults (Mage =26), with one study examining the effects of cTBS and iTBS in older adults. Results from individual studies were converted to Hedge's g and random-effects models were used to estimate the overall effect size for each protocol. Age, biological sex, and control methodology were examined as potential moderators of the cTBS effect on executive function test performance. Findings indicated a- reliable attentuating effect of cTBS on executive function task performance (g=-.244, Z=-5.920, p<.001); this effect was relatively uniform across included studies (Q=24.178, p=.838, I2 =0). Although no significant moderators of the cTBS effect were identified, laterality sub analyses indicated that the magnitude of the effect was significantly higher (Mdiff =.213, Zdiff =2.546, p=.011) for left-sided (g=-.358, Z=-5.816, p<.001) relative to right-sided (g=-.145, Z=-2.552, p=.011) PFC stimulation. A systematic review of iTBS studies revealed variability in reliability of effects though most were in the theorized direction. TBS protocols appear to be effective in modulating prefrontal cortical excitability in previously theorized directions. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Efficacy and Safety of Theta Burst Versus Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for the Treatment of Depression: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Theta burst stimulation (TBS) is more energy- and time-efficient than is standard repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). However, further studies are needed to analyze TBS therapy for its efficacy and safety compared with standard rTMS in treating depression. The aim of this meta-analysis was to compare TBS therapy with standard rTMS treatment regarding their safety and therapeutic effect on individuals with depression., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Six data bases (Wanfang, the China National Knowledge Infrastructure, PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, and PsycINFO) were searched from inception till December 20, 2022. Two independent reviewers selected potentially relevant studies on the basis of the inclusion criteria, extracted data, and evaluated the methodologic quality of the eligible trials using the modified ten-item Physiotherapy Evidence Database scale per Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis guidelines. Finally, ten comparable pairs of nine randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were included for meta-analysis. Summary odds ratios (ORs) of the rates of response, remission, and adverse events were simultaneously calculated using quality-effects (QE) and random-effects (RE) models. Changes in depression scores associated with antidepressant effects were expressed using standardized mean differences simultaneously. This study was registered with the International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews (CRD42022376790)., RESULTS: Nine of the 602 RCTs, covering 1124 patients (616 who had TBS protocols applied vs 508 treated using standard rTMS), were included. Differences in response rates between the above two treatment modalities were not significant (OR = 1.01, 95% CI: 0.88-1.16, p = 0.44, I2 = 0%, RE model; OR = 1.07, 95% CI: 0.87-1.32, p = 0.44, I2 = 0%, QE model). Differences in adverse event rates between TBS and standard rTMS groups were not statistically significant., CONCLUSIONS: TBS has similar efficacy and safety to standard rTMS for treating depression. Considering the short duration of daily stimulation sessions, this meta-analysis supports the continued development of TBS for treating depression. Copyright © 2023 International Neuromodulation Society. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Prolonged continuous theta-burst stimulation is more analgesic than 'classical' high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.$$$ BACKGROUND: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the primary motor cortex (M1) at high frequency (>5 Hz) induces analgesic effects, probably by activating pain modulation systems. A new rTMS paradigm--theta burst stimulation (TBS)--consists of bursts of three pulses at 50 Hz repeated five times per second. Like high frequency rTMS, both intermittent and prolonged continuous TBS (iTBS and pcTBS) lead to a facilitation of cortical excitability., OBJECTIVES: (1) to evaluate the analgesic effects of neuronavigated iTBS and pcTBS, comparing them with those of classical high frequency rTMS (10 Hz) over the left M1, (2) to elucidate the role of conditioned pain modulation (CPM) in the antinociceptive effect of rTMS and (3) to investigate possible correlations between analgesia and cortical excitability., METHODS: Fourteen healthy volunteers participated in four experimental sessions, carried out in a random order (iTBS, pcTBS, 10 Hz rTMS or sham). Cold pain threshold, CPM and cortical excitability measurements were carried out before and after rTMS., RESULTS: We found that the analgesic effects of 10 Hz rTMS and pcTBS were significantly superior to those of sham rTMS. Moreover, pcTBS was significantly more effective than 10 Hz rTMS (P = 0.026). Analgesia did not seem to be driven by changes in CPM or cortical excitability., CONCLUSION: Prolonged cTBS has considerable clinical potential, as it has a shorter treatment duration (by a factor 8) and stronger analgesic effects than the classical high frequency protocol. Studies in patients are required to confirm the potential of this new stimulation paradigm for clinical applications. Copyright © 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Combined effects of theta-burst stimulation with transcranial direct current stimulation of the prefrontal cortex: study protocol of a randomized, double-blinded, sham-controlled trial using 99mTc-ECD SPECT.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) as monotherapy has been increasingly used to enhance the activity of brain networks. However, it is unclear whether a combination of distinct NIBS approaches could enhance prefrontal cortical (PFC) activity., OBJECTIVE: We propose to investigate the combined and standalone effects of two NIBS modalities on the PFC through a working memory task, single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT), and salivary cortisol. We hypothesize that the combined protocol will provoke greater changes in the collected measures compared to the remining protocols., METHODS: A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled, full-factorial design will be conducted. The effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) will be investigated over four different sessions (sham tDCS + sham iTBS, anodal tDCS + sham iTBS, anodal tDCS + active iTBS and sham tDCS + active iTBS) in 30 healthy adult volunteers. A 99mTc-ethylene cysteine dimer (99mTC-ECD) will be administered during the NIBS session and neuroimaging will be acquired within one hour. Salivary cortisol will be collected before and after each session and an n-back working memory task will be applied after the end of each NIBS session. The outcomes will be cerebral perfusion alterations (99mTC-ECD SPECT), accuracy and reaction time in the n-back task, and changes in salivary cortisol level., CONCLUSION: The results from this trial can guide future therapeutic protocols for NIBS treatments stimulating the PFC by demonstrating that the combination of NIBS techniques is feasible, tolerable, and can lead to greater enhancement of PFC activity.
Intermittent theta burst stimulation vs. high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke cognitive impairment: Protocol of a pilot randomized controlled double-blind trial.$$$ Introduction: Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS), a novel mode of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), has curative effects on patients with post-stroke cognitive impairment (PSCI). However, whether iTBS will be more applicable in clinical use than conventional high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is unknown. Our study aims to compare the difference in effect between iTBS and rTMS in treating PSCI based on a randomized controlled trial, as well as to determine its safety and tolerability, and to further explore the underlying neural mechanism., Methods: The study protocol is designed as a single-center, double-blind, randomized controlled trial. Forty patients with PSCI will be randomly assigned to two different TMS groups, one with iTBS and the other with 5 Hz rTMS. Neuropsychological evaluation, activities of daily living, and resting electroencephalography will be conducted before treatment, immediately post-treatment, and 1 month after iTBS/rTMS stimulation. The primary outcome is the change in the Montreal Cognitive Assessment Beijing Version (MoCA-BJ) score from baseline to the end of the intervention (D11). The secondary outcomes comprise changes in resting electroencephalogram (EEG) indexes from baseline to the end of the intervention (D11) as well as the Auditory Verbal Learning Test, the symbol digit modality test, the Digital Span Test findings, and the MoCA-BJ scores from baseline to endpoint (W6)., Discussion: In this study, the effects of iTBS and rTMS will be evaluated using cognitive function scales in patients with PSCI as well as data from resting EEG, which allows for an in-depth exploration of underlying neural oscillations. In the future, these results may contribute to the application of iTBS for cognitive rehabilitation of patients with PSCI. Copyright © 2023 Han, He, Chen, Gao, Wang and Wang.
Connectivity-guided intermittent theta burst versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a randomized controlled trial.$$$ Disruption in reciprocal connectivity between the right anterior insula and the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is associated with depression and may be a target for neuromodulation. In a five-center, parallel, double-blind, randomized controlled trial we personalized resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging neuronavigated connectivity-guided intermittent theta burst stimulation (cgiTBS) at a site based on effective connectivity from the right anterior insula to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. We tested its efficacy in reducing the primary outcome depression symptoms measured by the GRID Hamilton Depression Rating Scale 17-item over 8, 16 and 26 weeks, compared with structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) neuronavigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) delivered at the standard stimulation site (F3) in patients with 'treatment-resistant depression'. Participants were randomly assigned to 20 sessions over 4-6 weeks of either cgiTBS (n = 128) or rTMS (n = 127) with resting-state functional MRI at baseline and 16 weeks. Persistent decreases in depressive symptoms were seen over 26 weeks, with no differences between arms on the primary outcome GRID Hamilton Depression Rating Scale 17-item score (intention-to-treat adjusted mean, -0.31, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.87, 1.24, P = 0.689). Two serious adverse events were possibly related to TMS (mania and psychosis). MRI-neuronavigated cgiTBS and rTMS were equally effective in patients with treatment-resistant depression over 26 weeks (trial registration no. ISRCTN19674644). Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the cerebellum improves ataxia and cerebello-fronto plasticity in multiple system atrophy: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled and TMS-EEG study.$$$ Cerebellar ataxia is the predominant motor feature of multiple system atrophy cerebellar subtype (MSA-C). Although repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) of the cerebellum is growingly applied in MSA, the mechanism is unknown. We examined dynamic connectivity changes of 20 patients with MSA and 25 healthy controls using TMS combined with electroencephalography. Observations that significantly decreased dynamic cerebello-frontal connectivity in patients have inspired attempts to modulate cerebellar connectivity in order to benefit MSA. We further explore the therapeutic potential of a 10-day treatment of cerebellar intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) in MSA by a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial. The functional reorganization of cerebellar networks was investigated after the end of treatment in active and sham groups. The severity of the symptoms was evaluated using the Scale for Assessment and Rating of Ataxia scores. Patients treated with active stimulation showed an improvement of cerebello-frontal connectivity and balance functions, as revealed by a significant decrease in the ataxia scores (P < 0.01). Importantly, the neural activity of frontal connectivity from 80 to 100 ms after a single TMS was significantly related to the severity of the disease. Our study provides new proof that cerebellar iTBS improves motor imbalance in MSA by acting on cerebello-cortical plasticity.
Effects of right prefrontal theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation or transcranial direct current stimulation on apathy in patients with schizophrenia: A multicenter RCT.$$$ Apathy is a core negative symptom associated with an unfavorable functional outcome. Noninvasive brain stimulation has shown promise in the treatment of schizophrenia but has not been tested specifically for apathy. We conducted a randomized controlled trial of intermittent theta-burst (iTBS) transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) targeted at the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in patients diagnosed with a psychotic disorder suffering from apathy. The study was a multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled, and rater-blinded trial. Patients (N = 88) were randomized into active iTBS, active tDCS, sham iTBS or sham tDCS treatment, daily for two weeks (excluding weekends). Effects were measured post-treatment and at four week and ten week follow-up. Primary outcome was apathy severity (Apathy Evaluation Scale, clinician-rated). Additional measures included assessment of negative symptoms, depression, anhedonia and quality of life. No significant difference in improvement of apathy or negative symptoms was observed for real versus sham treatment with either iTBS or tDCS, though all groups improved to a small extent. We conclude that two weeks of brain stimulation over the right DLPFC with either iTBS or tDCS is not effective for improving apathy or negative symptoms. Longer and more intensive protocols may yield different results. Copyright © 2024 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Comparison of Neuroplastic Responses to Cathodal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation and Continuous Theta Burst Stimulation in Subacute Stroke.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) on neural network connectivity and motor recovery in individuals with subacute stroke., DESIGN: Double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled study., SETTING: University hospital rehabilitation unit., PARTICIPANTS: Inpatients with stroke (N=41; mean age, 65y; range, 28-85y; mean weeks poststroke, 5; range, 2-10) with resultant paresis in the upper extremity (mean Fugl-Meyer score, 14; range, 3-48)., INTERVENTIONS: Subjects with stroke were randomly assigned to neuronavigated cTBS (n=14), cathodal tDCS (n=14), or sham transcranial magnetic stimulation/sham tDCS (n=13) over the contralesional primary motor cortex (M1). Each subject completed 9 stimulation sessions over 3 weeks, combined with physical therapy., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Brain function was assessed with directed and nondirected functional connectivity based on high-density electroencephalography before and after stimulation sessions. Primary clinical end point was the change in slope of the multifaceted motor score composed of the upper extremity Fugl-Meyer Assessment score, Box and Block test score, 9-Hole Peg Test score, and Jamar dynamometer results between the baseline period and the treatment time., RESULTS: Neither stimulation treatment enhanced clinical motor gains. Cathodal tDCS and cTBS induced different neural effects. Only cTBS was able to reduce transcallosal influences from the contralesional to the ipsilesional M1 during rest. Conversely, tDCS enhanced perilesional beta-band oscillation coherence compared with cTBS and sham groups. Correlation analyses indicated that the modulation of interhemispheric driving and perilesional beta-band connectivity were not independent mediators for functional recovery across all patients. However, exploratory subgroup analyses suggest that the enhancement of perilesional beta-band connectivity through tDCS might have more robust clinical gains if started within the first 4 weeks after stroke., CONCLUSIONS: The inhibition of the contralesional M1 or the reduction of interhemispheric interactions was not clinically useful in the heterogeneous group of subjects with subacute stroke. An early modulation of perilesional oscillation coherence seems to be a more promising strategy for brain stimulation interventions. Copyright © 2017 American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Theta, alpha and beta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation: brain modulation in tinnitus.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Some forms of tinnitus are considered to be auditory phantom phenomena related to reorganization and hyperactivity of the auditory central nervous system. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive tool capable of modulating human brain activity, using single pulse or burst stimuli. Burst rTMS has only been performed in the theta range, and has not been used clinically. The authors analyze whether burst TMS at theta (5 Hz), alpha (10 Hz) and beta (20 Hz) frequencies can temporarily suppress narrow band noise/white noise tinnitus, which has been demonstrated to be intractable to tonic stimulation., METHODS: rTMS is performed both in tonic and burst mode in 46 patients contralateral to the tinnitus side, at 5, 10 and 20 Hz. Fourteen placebo negative rTMS responders are further analyzed., RESULTS: In 5 patients, maximal tinnitus suppression is obtained with theta, in 2 with alpha and in 7 with beta burst stimulation. Burst rTMS suppresses narrow band/white tinnitus much better than tonic rTMS t(13)=6.4, p<.000. Women experience greater suppression of their tinnitus with burst stimulation than men, t(12)=2.9, p<.05. Furthermore left sided tinnitus is perceived as more distressing on the TQ than right sided tinnitus, t(12)=3.2, p<.01. The lower the tinnitus pitch the more effectively rTMS suppresses tinnitus(r=-0.65, p<0.05)., DISCUSSION: Burst rTMS can be used clinically, not only theta burst, but also alpha and beta burst. Burst rTMS is capable of suppressing narrow band/white noise tinnitus very much better than tonic rTMS. This could be due the simple fact that burst neuromodulation is more powerful than tonic neuromodulation or to a differential effect of burst and tonic stimulation on the lemniscal and extralemniscal auditory system. In some patients only alpha or beta burst rTMS is capable of suppressing tinnitus, and theta burst not. Therefore in future rTMS studies it could be worthwhile not to limit burst stimulation to theta burst rTMS.
Propofol and methohexital as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized, double-blind comparison of electroconvulsive therapy seizure quality, therapeutic efficacy, and cognitive performance.$$$ BACKGROUND: Propofol is often used as an anesthetic agent for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Whether the relatively short seizure duration, resulting from the medication, deteriorates the seizure quality and therapeutic outcomes, or whether propofol might be associated with small but significant post-ECT cognitive impairments, is still a subject of controversy. The purpose of our study was to test these hypotheses in comparison with methohexital., MATERIALS AND METHODS: In a double-blind, controlled study, 50 patients with severe major depression who were to be treated with ECT were randomly assigned to anesthesia with propofol (120.9 +/- 50.0 mg) or methohexital (83 +/- 26.3 mg) and were observed for 2 months. The 2 drugs were compared on the basis of electroencephalography-registered seizure duration, mean blood pressure, as well as pulse frequency, seizure efficacy index, and postictal suppression. Systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and seizure duration and quality were recorded consecutively during ECT treatments. Changes in depressive symptoms and cognitive functions were measured at 5 time points, pre-ECT, after the third to fifth ECT, post-ECT treatment, and at a follow-up examination 2 and 8 weeks after the last ECT treatment., RESULTS: Patients on propofol showed a significantly lower increase in blood pressure post-ECT (P < 0.001), their seizure duration was comparable to patients on methohexital (P = 0.072), and seizure quality was significantly superior, as was measured by the Postictal Suppression Index (P = 0.020), and comparable to the methohexital group as measured by the Seizure Efficacy Index (P = 0.160). The improvement of depressive symptoms and the improvement in cognitive functions were similar in both groups (with the exception of the results from 2 cognition tests)., CONCLUSIONS: Propofol, as compared with methohexital, results in a more moderate increase in blood pressure and shorter seizure duration. The seizure quality did not differ significantly between the 2 groups. We detected a tendency toward improved cognitive performance after anesthesia with propofol as compared with methohexital, but with statistical significance in only 2 cognition trials. Therefore, propofol is a safe and efficacious anesthetic for ECT treatment.
Effects of celecoxib on inflammatory markers in bipolar patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy: a placebo-controlled, double-blind, randomised study.$$$ PRINCIPAL: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a treatment option for patients with bipolar disorder (BD). Alterations of markers have been reported following ECT., AIM: the aim of the present study was to assess the effect of adjunctive celecoxib on the serum cytokines of patient with BD who were undergoing ECT., METHODS: This study was a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in 48 patients who were diagnosed with BD and ordered to undergo six or more ECT sessions. Patients were randomly assigned to receive either placebo or celecoxib (200 mg twice daily) starting a day before the first ECT and continuing throughout the end of the sixth ECT. Blood levels of interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta), interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) were measured before the first ECT and repeated after the first, the third and the sixth ECT sessions. Data were analysed by using SPSS version 13., RESULTS: Twenty-five patients (mean +/- standard deviation age of 33.64 +/- 9.97 years) were assigned to the celecoxib group and 23 patients (mean age of 32.61 +/- 9.82 years) to the placebo group. This study found that the level of TNF-alpha was significantly lower (p = 0.04, t = 2.14, degrees of freedom 46) in patients receiving celecoxib compared with those on placebo at the last session of ECT. However, the other factors studied did not show any significant changes throughout the trial., CONCLUSIONS: Celecoxib was concluded to reduce TNF-alpha levels significantly in the patients at the end of the study. However, the differences in IL-1beta, IL-6 and hsCRP between the two groups were not significant., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: IRCT201201247202N2.
[Intermittent theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of spasticity in patients with recurring multiple sclerosis: the results of a double-blind randomised clinical trial].$$$ AIM: It has been suggested that the repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation could be useful as a non-pharmacological treatment for spasticity. The aim of this study was to evaluate the clinical and neurophysiological effects of high-frequency intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) on lower limb spasticity in patients with relapsing multiple sclerosis in a randomized, double-blind placebo controlled trial., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Seventeen patients in the remitting phase of the disease were randomly allocated to sham or magnetic therapy group and underwent iTBS over contralateral motor cortex of the most affected leg once a day for two weeks. Each session consisted of 10 bursts containing three pulses at 50 Hz repeated at 200 ms intervals (5 Hz) every 10 s for a total of 600 stimuli. The iTBS effect was assessed by using clinical (such as the Modified Ashworth Scale) and neuro-physiological (H/M amplitude ratio and cortical silent period duration) parameters., RESULTS: Two-week iTBS over motor cortex of the most affected leg did not produce any significant clinical effect on spasticity. However, it decreases the H/M amplitude ratio and increases duration of cortical silent period but not significantly, in patients with relapsing multiple sclerosis., CONCLUSION: The stimulation protocol used in this study does not have significant therapeutic effect. Therefore, we do recommend further studies as neurophysiological changes were evident.
Treatment of auditory hallucinations with bilateral theta burst stimulation (cTBS): protocol of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial.$$$ Auditory verbal hallucinations (AH) are core symptoms of schizophrenia. They are often severely distressing and refractory to therapy. Their perception is associated with increased activity in temporoparietal areas of the brain. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) can reduce focal brain hyperactivity and has been shown to ameliorate AH. However, controlled multicenter clinical trials are still missing, effect sizes are moderate, and the treatment with rTMS is time consuming. Continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) is a quicker and potentially more effective technique to reduce cortical hyperactivity. First case and pilot studies indicate effectiveness in the treatment of AH. In this randomized, sham-controlled, double-blind multicenter clinical trial, 86 patients with schizophrenia spectrum disorder will be randomized to either cTBS or sham to the left and right temporoparietal cortex during three consecutive weeks (15 sessions totally). In each session, both hemispheres will be stimulated sequentially. The order in the first session (left-right or right-left, respectively) will be determined by randomization and alternated in all following sessions. Primary outcome is the reduction of mean PSYRATS-AH score after cTBS as compared to sham treatment. Follow-up measurements will be performed 1, 3 and 6 months after the end of the treatment. Statistical analysis will be based on the intention-to-treat population including all randomized patients using an analysis of covariance. This multicenter-controlled clinical trial will be able to provide decisive evidence for the efficacy of cTBS in the treatment of AH. The results will be suitable to clarify the role of this innovative, pathophysiology-based therapeutic approach in treatment guidelines for AH., TRIAL REGISTRY: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02670291.
Intermittent theta burst stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex has no additional effect on the efficacy of virtual reality exposure therapy for acrophobia. A randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study.$$$ Anxiety disorders are among the most common mental disorders. Treatment guidelines recommend pharmacotherapy and cognitive behavioral therapy as standard treatment. Although cognitive behavioral therapy is an effective therapeutic approach, not all patients benefit sufficiently from it. In recent years, non-invasive brain stimulation techniques, such as transcranial magnetic stimulation, have been investigated as promising adjuncts in the treatment of affective disorders. The aim of this study is to investigate whether a combination of intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) and virtual reality exposure therapy leads to a significantly greater reduction in acrophobia than virtual reality exposure with sham stimulation. In this randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study, 43 participants with acrophobia received verum or sham iTBS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex prior to two sessions of virtual reality exposure therapy. Stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex with iTBS was motivated by an experimental study showing a positive effect on extinction memory retention. Acrophobic symptoms were assessed using questionnaires and two behavioral approach tasks one week before, after treatment and six months after the second diagnostic session. The results showed that two sessions of virtual reality exposure therapy led to a significant reduction in acrophobic symptoms, with an overall remission rate of 79%. However, there was no additional effect of iTBS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on the therapeutic effects. Further research is needed to determine how exactly a combination of transcranial magnetic stimulation and exposure therapy should be designed to enhance efficacy. Copyright © 2024 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The antidepressant effect of intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS): study protocol for a randomized double-blind sham-controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) when applied over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been shown to be equally effective and safe to treat depression compared to traditional repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) paradigms. This protocol describes a funded single-centre, double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled, clinical trial to investigate the antidepressive effects of iTBS and factors associated with an antidepressive response., METHODS: In this trial, outpatients (N = 96, aged 22-65 years) meeting the diagnostic criteria for at least moderate depression (Montgomery and Aasberg Depression Rating Scale score >= 20) will be enrolled prospectively and receive ten, once-a-day sessions of either active iTBS or sham iTBS to the left DLPFC, localized via a neuronavigation system. Participants may have any degree of treatment resistance. Prior to stimulation, participants will undergo a thorough safety screening and a brief diagnostic assessment, genetic analysis of brain-derived neurotropic factor, 5-HTTLPR and 5-HT1A, and cerebral MRI assessments. A selection of neuropsychological tests and questionnaires will be administered prior to stimulation and after ten stimulations. An additional follow-up will be conducted 4 weeks after the last stimulation. The first participant was enrolled on June 4, 2022. Study completion will be in December 2027. The project is approved by the Regional Ethical Committee of Medicine and Health Sciences, Northern Norway, project number 228765. The trial will be conducted according to Good Clinical Practice and published safety guidelines on rTMS treatment., DISCUSSION: The aims of the present trial are to investigate the antidepressive effect of a 10-session iTBS protocol on moderately depressed outpatients and to explore the factors that can explain the reduction in depressive symptoms after iTBS but also a poorer response to the treatment. In separate, but related work packages, the trial will assess how clinical, cognitive, brain imaging and genetic measures at baseline relate to the variability in the antidepressive effects of iTBS., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05516095. Retrospectively registered on August 25, 2022. Copyright © 2023. BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial on the role of preemptive analgesia with acetaminophen [paracetamol] in reducing headache following electroconvulsive therapy [ECT].$$$ BACKGROUND: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a safe and efficient treatment for several severe psychiatric disorders, but its use is limited by side effects. Post-ECT headache is one of the commonest side effects. Preemptive analgesia is effective in post-surgical pain management. The most commonly used analgesic is acetaminophen (paracetamol). However, acetaminophen as a preemptive analgesic for post-ECT headache has not been studied adequately. This study was conducted to compare the incidence and severity of post-ECT headache in patients who were administered acetaminophen pre-ECT with a placebo group., METHODS: This study was a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Sixty-three patients received 1 g acetaminophen and 63 patients received a placebo identical to acetaminophen. The incidence and severity of headache 2 h before and after ECT were compared between placebo and acetaminophen groups. The severity was measured using a visual analog scale. Generalised linear models were used to evaluate variables associated with post ECT headache., RESULTS: Demographic and clinical variables of placebo and acetaminophen groups were comparable except for the energy level used to induce a seizure. Higher proportion of the placebo group (71.4%) experienced post-ECT headache when compared to the acetaminophen group (p < 0.001). The median pain score for headache was 0 (Inter quartile range: 0-2) in acetaminophen group whereas the score was 2 (IQR: 0-4) in placebo group (P < 0.001). Model fitting showed that the administration of acetaminophen is associated with less post-ECT headache (odds ratio = 0.23, 95% CI: 0.11-0.48, P < 0.001)., CONCLUSION: A significant reduction was seen in both the incidence and severity of post-ECT headache with preemptive analgesia with acetaminophen., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Ethical approval was granted by an Ethic review committee, University of Kelaniya, Sri Lanka (P/166/10/2015) and the trial was registered in the Sri Lanka Clinical Trials Registry ( SLCTR/2015/27 ).
Low-dose esmolol bolus reduces seizure duration during electroconvulsive therapy: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.$$$ We have measured the effect of a bolus dose of esmolol 80 mg i.v. on heart rate, and systolic (SAP), diastolic (DAP) and mean (MAP) arterial pressures during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). We also assessed seizure duration using both the cuff method and two-lead EEG. We studied 20 patients in a double-blind, placebo-controlled, within-patient blocked randomized study. No patient was receiving psychotherapeutic drugs or had cardiovascular disease. Esmolol significantly reduced heart rate, SAP and MAP before the stimulus, and also significantly reduced the increases in these variables during the convulsion, compared with placebo. However, seizure duration was also significantly reduced, possibly making ECT less effective. The reduction in seizure duration was 5.83 s when monitored clinically and 9.9 s when measured by the EEG. Because of the reduction in seizure duration, routine administration of esmolol is not advisable because it may interfere with the efficacy of ECT, but administration of esmolol during ECT could be useful to reduce tachycardia and hypertension in high-risk patients.
The effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on cognitive function recovery in patients with depression following electroconvulsive therapy (ECT): protocol for a randomized controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a highly effective treatment for depressive disorder. However, the use of ECT is limited by its cognitive side effects (CSEs), and no specific intervention has been developed to address this problem. As transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a safe and useful tool for improving cognitive function, the main objective of this study was to explore the ability to use tDCS after ECT to ameliorate the cognitive side effects., METHODS: 60 eligible participants will be recruited within two days after completing ECT course and randomly assigned to receive either active or sham stimulation in a blinded, parallel-design trial and continue their usual pharmacotherapy. The tDCS protocol consists of 30-min sessions at 2 mA, 5 times per week for 2 consecutive weeks, applied through 15-cm2 electrodes. An anode will be placed over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), and a cathode will be placed over the right supraorbital cortex. Cognitive function and depressive symptoms will be assessed before the first stimulation (T0), after the final stimulation (T1), 2 weeks after the final stimulation (T2), and 4 weeks after the final stimulation (T3) using the Cambridge Neuropsychological Test Automated Battery (CANTAB)., DISCUSSION: We describe a novel clinical trial to explore whether the administration of tDCS after completing ECT course can accelerates recovery from the CSEs. We hypothesized that the active group would recover faster from the CSEs and be superior to the sham group. If our hypothesis is supported, the use of tDCS could benefit eligible patients who are reluctant to receive ECT and reduce the risk of self-inflicted or suicide due to delays in treatment., TRIAL REGISTRATION DETAILS: The trial protocol is registered with https://www.chictr.org.cn/ under protocol registration number ChiCTR2300071147 (date of registration: 05.06.2023). Recruitment will start in November 2023. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Antidepressant effects of prolonged intermittent theta-burst stimulation monotherapy at the bilateral dorsomedial prefrontal cortex for medication and standard transcranial magnetic stimulation-resistant major depression: a three arm, randomized, double blind, sham-controlled pilot study.$$$ The dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (DMPFC) plays a pivotal role in depression and anxiosomatic symptom modulation. However, DMPFC stimulation using a double-cone coil has demonstrated inconsistent results for antidepressant efficacy. No study thus far has investigated the antidepressant and anti-anxiosomatic effects of prolonged intermittent theta-burst stimulation (piTBS) bilaterally over DMPFC. Furthermore, head-to-head comparisons of antidepressant effects between standard iTBS and piTBS warrant investigation. This double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial recruited 34 patients with highly treatment-resistant depression (TRD) unresponsive to antidepressants and standard repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)/piTBS. These patients were randomly assigned to one of three monotherapy groups (standard iTBS, piTBS, or sham), with treatment administered bilaterally over the DMPFC twice per day for 3 weeks. The primary outcome was the overall changes of 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) over 3-weeks intervention. The changes in Depression and Somatic Symptoms Scale (DSSS) as the secondary outcome and the anxiosomatic cluster symptoms as rated by HDRS-17 as the post-hoc outcome were measured. Multivariable generalized estimating equation analysis was performed. Although no differences in overall HDRS-17 changes between three groups were found, the antidepressant efficacy based on DSSS was higher in piTBS than in iTBS and sham at week 3 (group effect,p = 0.003, post-hoc: piTBS > iTBS, p = 0.002; piTBS > sham, p = 0.038). In post-hoc analyses, piTBS had more alleviation in anxiosomatic symptoms than iTBS (group effect, p = 0.002; post-hoc, p = 0.001). This first randomized sham-controlled study directly compared piTBS and iTBS targeting the DMPFC using a figure-of-8 coil and found piTBS may fail to demonstrate a significant antidepressant effect on overall depressive symptoms, but piTBS seems superior in alleviating anxiosomatic symptoms, even in depressed patients with high treatment resistance. This Trial registration (Registration number: NCT04037592). URL: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04037592 . Copyright © 2022. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany.
Theta burst stimulation versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for poststroke dysphagia: A randomized, double-blind, controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of high-frequency (10 Hz) on suprahyoid motor cortex has been an evidence-based treatment for poststroke dysphagia. Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) can be performed in 3 minutes compared with 20 +/- 5 minutes for 10 Hz rTMS. This study aimed to ensure the clinical efficacy, safety, and tolerability of iTBS compared with 10 Hz rTMS for patients with poststroke dysphagia., METHOD: In this randomized, double-blind, single-center, controlled trial, 47 participants were randomly assigned to iTBS (n = 24) and rTMS (n = 23) group. Each participant received iTBS or rTMS daily at suprahyoid motor cortex of affected hemisphere for 10 consecutive days. The outcomes were assessed at baseline, immediately, and 2 weeks after intervention, including water-swallowing test, standardized swallowing assessment, Mann assessment of swallowing ability, Murray Secretion Scale, Yale Pharyngeal Residue Severity Rating Scale, Penetration-Aspiration Scale, and motor evoked potential (MEP) of bilateral suprahyoid muscle., RESULTS: There were no significant differences between groups. There was a significant improvement on all rating scales and MEP after rTMS and iTBS. No significant differences on water-swallowing test, Mann assessment of swallowing ability, standardized swallowing assessment, Murray Secretion Scale scores, and MEP were observed between groups. In particular, there was significant differences on Penetration-Aspiration Scale scores (viscous liquid: mean difference = 1.016; 95% CI: 0.32-1.71; effect size: 0.360; P = .005) and the residue rate of pyriform fossa (viscous liquid: mean difference = 0.732; 95% CI: 0.18-1.28; effect size: 0.248; P = .010) in between-group. Comparing the differences over the changes of all rating scales, only the residue rate of epiglottis valley between groups was found to be significantly different (dilute liquid: mean difference = -0.567; 95% CI: -0.98 to -0.15; P = .009). There was no severe adverse effect and high dropout rates in both groups., CONCLUSION: The clinical efficacy, safety, and tolerability of iTBS showed non-inferior to 10 Hz rTMS for patients with poststroke dysphagia. The present study can be used to improve the clinicians' knowledge and clinical decision skills on iTBS and rTMS for poststroke dysphagia. Copyright © 2022 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.
Connectivity guided theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant moderate to severe depression: study protocol for a randomised double-blind controlled trial (BRIGhTMIND).$$$ INTRODUCTION: The BRIGhTMIND study aims to determine the clinical effectiveness, cost-effectiveness and mechanism of action of connectivity guided intermittent theta burst stimulation (cgiTBS) versus standard repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in adults with moderate to severe treatment resistant depression., METHODS AND ANALYSIS: The study is a randomised double-blind controlled trial with 1:1 allocation to either 20 sessions of (1) cgiTBS or (2) neuronavigated rTMS not using connectivity guidance. A total of 368 eligible participants with a diagnosis of current unipolar major depressive disorder that is both treatment resistant (defined as scoring 2 or more on the Massachusetts General Hospital Staging Score) and moderate to severe (scoring >16 on the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17)), will be recruited from primary and secondary care settings at four treatment centres in the UK. The primary outcome is depression response at 16 weeks (50% or greater reduction in HDRS-17 score from baseline). Secondary outcomes include assessments of self-rated depression, anxiety, psychosocial functioning, cognition and quality of life at 8, 16 and 26 weeks postrandomisation. Cost-effectiveness, patient acceptability, safety, mechanism of action and predictors of response will also be examined., ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Ethical approval was granted by East Midlands Leicester Central Research Ethics Committee (ref: 18/EM/0232) on 30 August 2018. The results of the study will be published in relevant peer-reviewed journals, and then through professional and public conferences and media. Further publications will explore patient experience, moderators and mediators of outcome and mechanism of action., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ISRCTN19674644. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2020. Re-use permitted under CC BY. Published by BMJ.
