Plant-based dietary approach to stage 3 chronic kidney disease with hyperphosphataemia$$$ A 69-year-old man with type 2 diabetes, hypertension and stage 3 chronic kidney disease (CKD), hyperphosphataemia and borderline hyperkalaemia presented to an office visit interested in changing his diet to improve his medical conditions. He adopted a strict whole-foods, plant-based diet, without calorie or portion restriction or mandated exercise, and rapidly reduced his insulin requirements by >50%, and subsequently saw improvements in weight, blood pressure and cholesterol. His estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) increased from 45 to 74 mL/min after 4.5 months on the diet and his microalbumin/creatinine ratio decreased from 414.3 to 26.8 mg/g. His phosphorus level returned to the normal range. For individuals with CKD, especially those with obesity, hypertension, or diabetes, a strict, ad libitum whole-food, plant-based diet may confer significant benefit, although one must consider potential limitations of a creatinine-based GFR equation in the face of significant weight loss. ER  - 
Dietary habits contribute to define the risk of type 2 diabetes in humans$$$ Background and aims: Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a frequent disorder largely preventable. The aim of this review was to summarize information on the association between dietary habits and the risk of developing T2D. Methods: We conducted a comprehensive literature search using the PubMed database from its inception to June, 2019. Articles were restricted to those written in English and concerning human subjects. Relevant manuscripts found in the list of references of the retrieved articles were also used in preparation for the review. Results: Animal protein consumption increases the risk of T2D independently of body mass index. Intake of both unprocessed meat and processed meat is strongly and consistently associated with increased risk of developing T2D. In contrast, consumption of high-quality vegetable foods prevents the disease. High-quality plant foods include whole grains, nuts, legumes, fruits, and vegetables. Among less healthy plant-based foods are fruit juices, sweetened beverages, refined grains, potatoes, sweets, and desserts. Carbohydrate-restricted diets that encourage consumption of animal products promote T2D. Low intake of animal products is linked to high educational level so that well-informed individuals tend to consume diets with elevated content of vegetable food. According to the American Dietetic Association, “appropriately planned vegetarian diets including vegan diets are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and may provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases”. Conclusions: restricting animal products while increasing healthy plant-based foods intake facilitates T2D prevention. To neutralize worldwide the burden of T2D and its devastating complications, animal products consumption should be limited or discontinued. ER  - 
The effects of plant-based diets on the body and the brain: a systematic review$$$ Western societies notice an increasing interest in plant-based eating patterns such as vegetarian and vegan, yet potential effects on the body and brain are a matter of debate. Therefore, we systematically reviewed existing human interventional studies on putative effects of a plant-based diet on the metabolism and cognition, and what is known about the underlying mechanisms. Using the search terms “plant-based OR vegan OR vegetarian AND diet AND intervention” in PubMed filtered for clinical trials in humans retrieved 205 studies out of which 27, plus an additional search extending the selection to another five studies, were eligible for inclusion based on three independent ratings. We found robust evidence for short- to moderate-term beneficial effects of plant-based diets versus conventional diets (duration ≤ 24 months) on weight status, energy metabolism and systemic inflammation in healthy participants, obese and type-2 diabetes patients. Initial experimental studies proposed novel microbiome-related pathways, by which plant-based diets modulate the gut microbiome towards a favorable diversity of bacteria species, yet a functional “bottom up” signaling of plant-based diet-induced microbial changes remains highly speculative. In addition, little is known, based on interventional studies about cognitive effects linked to plant-based diets. Thus, a causal impact of plant-based diets on cognitive functions, mental and neurological health and respective underlying mechanisms has yet to be demonstrated. In sum, the increasing interest for plant-based diets raises the opportunity for developing novel preventive and therapeutic strategies against obesity, eating disorders and related comorbidities. Still, putative effects of plant-based diets on brain health and cognitive functions as well as the underlying mechanisms remain largely unexplored and new studies need to address these questions. ER  - 
Multiple Health Benefits and Minimal Risks Associated with Vegetarian Diets$$$ Purpose of Review: Understand the current prevalence, health benefits, and health risks of vegetarian diets. Recent Findings: Since the publishing of the Adventist Health Study 2 in 2013, there have been several prospective diet studies demonstrating and challenging the health benefits and risks of the vegetarian diet. Summary: The definition of the vegetarian diet has become more specific over time and requires standardization for research purposes. Despite an uptrend in sales rates of plant-based foods per year, a 2018 Gallup poll showed overall stagnation of the percentage of self-reported vegetarians and vegans compared to percentages obtained 6 years prior. Compared to the Adventist Health Study, more recent vegetarian diet studies have demonstrated significant although smaller risk reductions for mortality in cardiovascular disease, cerebrovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, and chronic kidney disease. Recent studies have correlated certain food groups with early death or increased longevity. In addition, the vegetarian health risks of deficiencies of protein, omega-3 fatty acids, vitamin D, vitamin B12, iron, calcium, and zinc are explored. ER  - 
The effects of popular diets on type 2 diabetes management$$$ Type 2 diabetes can be managed with the use of diabetes self-management skills. Diet and exercise are essential segments of the lifestyle changes necessary for diabetes management. However, diet recommendations can be complicated in a world full of different diets. This review aims to evaluate the evidence on the effects of three popular diets geared towards diabetes management: low-carbohydrate and ketogenic diet, vegan diet, and the Mediterranean diet. While all three diets have been shown to assist in improving glycaemic control and weight loss, patient adherence, acceptability, and long-term manageability play essential roles in the efficacy of each diet. ER  - 
Dietary Patterns Emphasizing the Consumption of Plant Foods in the Management of Type 2 Diabetes: A Narrative Review$$$ The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) is increasing worldwide. This complex and multifactorial metabolic condition affects both the quality and expectancy of life in adults. Therefore, appropriate lifestyle strategies are needed in order to reduce the burden of T2D. Dietary patterns characterized by a high consumption of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, nuts, and seeds, and a minimal consumption of animal products, have been suggested as a dietary approach to prevent and control T2D and related micro- and macrovascular complications. This narrative review summarizes epidemiologic and clinical trial evidence on the role of the most widely studied dietary patterns that emphasize the consumption of plant foods [vegetarian, vegan, Mediterranean, and DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diets] in the management of T2D and its complications. Furthermore, their potential underlying mechanisms are discussed. Dietary patterns emphasizing the consumption of plant foods appear to confer beneficial effects on glycemic control in different diabetic populations. Several components of these dietary patterns might confer benefits on glycemia and counterbalance the detrimental effects of animal-based foods. The limited evidence on T2D-related complications makes it difficult to draw solid conclusions. ER  - 
Association of a plant-based dietary pattern in relation to gestational diabetes mellitus$$$ AIM: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which has adverse effects on mothers and their offspring, is increasing worldwide. The role of a plant-based dietary pattern as a determinant of GDM is not well understood. Therefore, we examined the association between plant-based dietary patterns and the risk of GDM. METHODS: We enrolled 460 pregnant women in this case-control study, of them 200 were cases and 260 were controls. Dietary intake of participants was evaluated using three 24-hour dietary records. Adherence to the plant-based dietary patterns was scored using three indices of the overall plant-based dietary index (PDI), healthy plant-based diet (hPDI) and unhealthy plant-based diet index (uPDI). The risk of GDM was compared across tertiles of PDI, hPDI and uPDI. RESULTS: After multivariable adjustment, we demonstrated that the high PDI score was inversely associated with risk of GDM (OR = 0.47; 95% CI: 0.28-0.78, P = 0.004), but there was no significant association between hPDI (OR = 1.03; 95% CI: 0.64-1.65, P = 0.884) or uPDI (OR = 1.65; 95% CI: 0.98-2.78, P = 0.06) and GDM risk. CONCLUSIONS: We found that following an overall plant-based diet was associated with lower risk of GDM. Future studies are warranted with longitudinal designs to confirm these findings. ER  - 
"Let food be thy medicine" - Reversing diabetes with vegan diet: A case report$$$ Introduction: Type 2 diabetes, as we all know, is a disease of complications and is increasing at an alarming rate worldwide. The concept of diabetes reversal is now being increasingly recognized, and we have evidence from several trials including the DiRECT study. Diet has a signifcant impact on management, but often compliance is a major issue. Here, we discuss a patient who was initiated on customized vegan diet, made by professionally trained chefs, under direct supervision of dieticians, keeping into consideration the patient preferences and taste, and delivered on a daily basis. Case Presentation: A 56-year-old male presented with type 2 diabetes (17 years' duration); hypertension (14 years); osteoarthritis; obesity; on metformin 1 g BID; injection liraglutide 1.8 mg s/c once daily; glimepiride 2 mg BID; dapaglifozin 5 mg once daily; injection lispro (U-100) - 24 units three times a day; and injection degludec 54 units once daily. His HbA1c was 7.9, with frequent episodes of fuctuations in his blood sugar levels with episodes of hypoglycemia, averaging twice a week. He was started on 1700 calorie vegan diet (protein 20%; fat 20%; and carbohydrate 60%) and sugars were monitored via Flash Glucose Monitoring. He continued to show improvement in his sugar levels, the dose of insulin was gradually titrated down, and on day 35, the insulin was stopped altogether. Other hypoglycemic medications continued to be the same. He lost 8 kg weight in 75 days. It is now been 40 days that he has been off insulin and his latest HbA1c was down to 7.1 in 75 days. Discussion and Conclusion: Vegan diet can help with halting the progression of diabetes and help decrease medication requirement over a period of time. The provision of customized meals, which are scientifcally planned, based on a home delivery model, can signifcantly improve patient compliance and can be an important add-on to conventional therapy. ER  - 
Association between Plant-Based Dietary Patterns and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis$$$ Importance: Accumulating epidemiologic evidence has suggested favorable associations between plant-based dietary patterns and risk of type 2 diabetes, although there is a lack of a quantitative summary of evidence substantiating this important association. Objective: To quantitatively synthesize available prospective observational evidence on the association between plant-based dietary patterns and risk of type 2 diabetes. Data Sources: A systematic search of PubMed and MEDLINE, Embase, Web of Science, and reference lists through February 15, 2019, was conducted. Data analysis was conducted between December 2018 and February 2019. Study Selection: All prospective observational studies that examined the association between adherence to plant-based dietary patterns and incidence of type 2 diabetes among adults 18 years or older were identified. Data Extraction and Synthesis: Meta-analysis of Observational Studies in Epidemiology guidelines for data abstraction and reporting were followed, and a National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute assessment tool was used to evaluate study quality. Two authors independently conducted full-text assessments and data abstraction. Meta-analysis was conducted using the random-effects method to calculate the overall relative risk (RR) and 95% CI. Main Outcomes and Measures: Level of adherence to a plant-based diet and incidence of type 2 diabetes. Results: A total of 9 studies were identified, totaling 307099 participants with 23544 cases of incident type 2 diabetes. A significant inverse association was observed between higher adherence to a plant-based dietary pattern and risk of type 2 diabetes (RR, 0.77; 95% CI, 0.71-0.84) in comparison with poorer adherence, with modest heterogeneity across studies (I2 = 44.5%; P =.07 for heterogeneity). Similar findings were obtained when using the fixed-effects model (RR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.75-0.84). Consistent associations were observed across predefined subgroups. This association was strengthened when healthy plant-based foods, such as fruits, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, and nuts, were included in the definition of plant-based patterns (RR, 0.70; 95% CI, 0.62-0.79). Most studies were deemed to have good quality in terms of dietary assessment, disease outcomes, and statistical adjustment for confounding factors. Using restricted cubic splines, a significant inverse linear dose-response association was identified between plant-based dietary indices and risk of type 2 diabetes. Conclusions and Relevance: Plant-based dietary patterns, especially when they are enriched with healthful plant-based foods, may be beneficial for the primary prevention of type 2 diabetes. ER  - 
Changes in Plant-Based Diet Quality and Total and Cause-Specific Mortality$$$ Background: Plant-based diets have been associated with lower risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease (CVD) and are recommended for both health and environmental benefits. However, the association between changes in plant-based diet quality and mortality remains unclear. Methods: We investigated the associations between 12-year changes (from 1986 to 1998) in plant-based diet quality assessed by 3 plant-based diet indices (score range, 18-90) - an overall plant-based diet index (PDI), a healthful PDI, and an unhealthful PDI - and subsequent total and cause-specific mortality (1998-2014). Participants were 49 407 women in the Nurses' Health Study (NHS) and 25 907 men in the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study (HPFS) who were free from CVD and cancer in 1998. Multivariable-adjusted Cox proportional-hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs. Results: We documented 10 686 deaths including 2046 CVD deaths and 3091 cancer deaths in the NHS over 725 316 person-years of follow-up and 6490 deaths including 1872 CVD deaths and 1772 cancer deaths in the HPFS over 371 322 person-years of follow-up. Compared with participants whose indices remained stable, among those with the greatest increases in diet scores (highest quintile), the pooled multivariable-adjusted HRs for total mortality were 0.95 (95% CI, 0.90-1.00) for PDI, 0.90 (95% CI, 0.85-0.95) for healthful PDI, and 1.12 (95% CI, 1.07-1.18) for unhealthful PDI. Among participants with the greatest decrease (lowest quintile), the multivariable-adjusted HRs were 1.09 (95% CI, 1.04-1.15) for PDI, 1.10 (95% CI, 1.05-1.15) for healthful PDI, and 0.93 (95% CI, 0.88-0.98) for unhealthful PDI. For CVD mortality, the risk associated with a 10-point increase in each PDI was 7% lower (95% CI, 1-12%) for PDI, 9% lower (95% CI, 4-14%) for healthful PDI, and 8% higher (95% CI, 2-14%) for unhealthful PDI. There were no consistent associations between changes in plant-based diet indices and cancer mortality. Conclusions: Improving plant-based diet quality over a 12-year period was associated with a lower risk of total and CVD mortality, whereas increased consumption of an unhealthful plant-based diet was associated with a higher risk of total and CVD mortality. ER  - 
Impact of different dietary approaches on blood lipid control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and network meta-analysis$$$ The aim of this study was to assess the effects of different dietary approaches on low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and triglyceride (TG) levels in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) by applying network meta-analysis (NMA). Systematic electronic and hand searches were conducted until January 2018. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with an intervention period of ≥ 12 weeks, focussing on adults with T2D, and comparing dietary approaches regarding LDL, HDL or TGs, were included. For each outcome measure, random effects NMA was performed in order to determine the effect of each dietary approach compared to every other dietary intervention. Mean differences (MDs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were calculated, and for the ranking, the surface under the cumulative ranking curves (SUCRA) was determined. Additionally, the credibility of evidence was evaluated. 52 RCTs (44 for LDL, 48 for HDL and 52 for TGs) comparing nine dietary approaches (low fat, vegetarian, Mediterranean, high protein, moderate carbohydrate, low carbohydrate, control, low glycaemic index/glycaemic load and Palaeolithic diet) enrolling 5360 T2D patients were included. The vegetarian diet most effectively reduced LDL levels [MD (95% CI): − 0.33 (− 0.55, − 0.12) mmol/L; compared to the control diet]. The Mediterranean diet beneficially raised HDL [MD (95% CI): 0.09 (0.04, 0.15) mmol/L] and decreased TG levels [MD (95% CI): − 0.41 (− 0.72, − 0.10) mmol/L] compared to the control diet. The Mediterranean diet was the most effective dietary approach to manage diabetic dyslipidaemia altogether (SUCRA: 79%). The overall findings are mainly limited by low credibility of evidence. ER  - 
Palaeolithic diet in diabesity and endocrinopathies – A vegan’s perspective$$$ Introduction: The Palaeolithic diet is designed to resemble that of human hunter-gatherer ancestors thousands to millions of years ago. This review summarises the evidence and clinical application of this diet in various disorders. An empiric vegan variant of it has been provided, keeping in mind vegan food habits. Review of the literature: different types of Palaeolithic diets in vogue include the 80/20, the autoimmune, the lacto, the Palaeolithic vegan and the Palaeolithic ketogenic. We have developed an Indian variant of the Palaeolithic vegan diet, which excludes all animal-based foods. The Palaeolithic diet typically has low carbohydrate and lean protein of 30–35% daily caloric intake in addition to a fibre diet from non-cereal, plant-based sources, up to 45–100 g daily. In different observational studies, beneficial effects on metabolic syndrome, blood pressure, glucose tolerance, insulin secretion, lipid profiles and cardiovascular risk factors have been documented with the Palaeolithic diet. Short-term randomised controlled trials have documented weight loss, and improved glycaemia and adipo-cytokine profiles. Few concerns of micronutrient deficiency (e.g. calcium) have been raised. Conclusion: Initial data are encouraging with regard to the use of the Palaeolithic diet in managing diabesity. There is an urgent need for large randomised controlled trials to evaluate the role of the Palaeolithic diet with different anti-diabetes medications for glycaemic control and the reversal of type 2 diabetes. ER  - 
Changes in gut microbiota in response to a plant-based diet are related to changes in weight, body composition and insulin sensitivity: a 16-week randomised clinical trial$$$ Background and aims: Gut microbiota play an important role in weight regulation, the development of metabolic syndrome, and type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study was to test the effect of a 16-week plant-based dietary intervention on gut microbiota composition, body weight, body composition, and insulin resistance in overweight adults with no history of diabetes. Materials and methods: Participants (n=148) were randomized to follow a low-fat vegan diet (n=73) or to make no diet changes (n=75) for 16 weeks. At baseline and 16 weeks, gut microbiota composition was assessed, using uBiome kits. Dual energy X-ray absorptiometry was used to measure body composition. PREDIM index was used to assess insulin sensitivity. Repeated measure ANOVA was used for statistical analysis. Results: Body weight was reduced significantly in the vegan group (treatment effect -5.8 kg [95% CI, -6.9 to -4.7 kg]; p<0.001), particularly due to a reduction in fat mass (treatment effect -3.9 kg [95% CI, -4.6 to -3.1 kg]; p<0.001) and in visceral fat (treatment effect -172 cm3 [95% CI, -308 to - 37 kg]; p=0.01). PREDIM increased significantly (p<0.001) in the vegan group (treatment effect +0.88 [95% CI, +0.5 to +1.2]; p<0.001). The relative abundance of Faecalibacterium prausnitzii increased in the vegan group (treatment effect +4.8% [95% CI, +1.97 to +7.58%]; p=0.001). Relative changes in Faecalibacterium prausnitzii correlated negatively with changes in body weight (r=-0.26; p=0.008), fat mass (r=-0.26; p=0.008), and visceral fat (r=-0.25; p=0.01). The relative abundance of Bacteoides fragilis increased in the vegan group (treatment effect +19.5% [95% CI, +14.7 to +24.3%]; p<0.001). Relative changes in Bacteroides Fragilis correlated negatively with changes in body weight (r=-0.48; p<0.001), fat mass (r=-0.48; p<0.001), visceral fat (r=-0.24; p=0.02), and positively with changes in PREDIM (r=0.36; p=0.0004). Conclusion: A 16-week low-fat vegan dietary intervention induced changes in gut microbiota that were related to changes in weight, body composition and insulin sensitivity in overweight adults. ER  - 
No common denominator: Plant-based diets and treatment-induced neuropathy of diabetes$$$ Treatment-induced neuropathy of diabetes is a poorly understood and underestimated iatrogenic complication of aggressive glycemic control in individuals suffering from diabetes. Symptoms, including severe neuropathic pain and autonomic dysfunction, usually follow an abrupt improvement in glycemic control. The latter is usually triggered by pharmacotherapy, however, treatment-induced neuropathy of diabetes (TIND) has also been associated with severe dietary restriction. Dietary modifications are of paramount importance in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. Hereby, calorie restriction and fasting diets as well as plant-based diets enjoy uninterrupted popularity. While cases of TIND have been reported with (very) low calorie diets, a case of TIND in the context of a whole-food plant-based diet has not been published to the best of my knowledge. Is this a simple coincidence or is there potentially a reason behind it? The hypothesis presented in this paper is that whole-food plant-based diets and TIND do not share a common denominator. Both evidence in support and evidence against this, admittedly, speculative hypothesis, is presented in this manuscript. A special focus is put on HbA1c dynamics with plant-based diets and reduced medication needs. ER  - 
Effect of whole-grain plant-based diet on the diabetes mellitus type 2 features in newly diagnosed patients: a pilot study$$$ Fifteen diabetic patients, with a duration of 4.9 months with diabetes and an average age of 49.6 ± 8.6 years, participated in a pilot study for 12 weeks to assess the effect of plant-based diet on their diabetes features. Participants were 2 females and 13 males and their baseline measurements were 30.2 ±5.4 kg/m2, 189.2 ± 76.3 mg/dL and 9.4 ± 2.5% for body mass index [BMI], fasting blood glucose [FBG] and HbA1c, respectively. Participant’s adherence to the dietary programme on a scale of 0–10 was 8 ± 1.5. Their endpoint BMI, FBG and HbA1c were 28.7 ± 4.3 kg/m2, 102.6 ± 19.8 mg/dL and 6.2 ± 0.8%, respectively. Weight loss was significantly correlated with baseline body weight, baseline BMI and duration in diabetes, while baseline fasting blood glucose was correlated with baseline and endpoint HbA1c [p < 0.01]. However, it was not significantly correlated with endpoint body weight [p < 0.08] and BMI [p < 0.018]. This study has shown that management of body parameters [weight and BMI] through diet such as plant-based diet has resulted in significant reduction in diabetes parameters such as FBG and HbA1c. A larger number of participants are recommended in similar type of studies to have solid conclusions. ER  - 
Nutrition counseling and plant based diet in the management of diabetes$$$ The prevalence of type 2 diabetes is rising worldwide, especially in older adults. Diet and lifestyle, particularly plant-based diets, are effective tools for type 2 diabetes prevention and management. Plant-based eating patterns combined with exercise have been found to improve diabetes control and reduce the need for medication in intervention trials. Dietary choices are a key driver of insulin resistance, especially in an obese and more sedentary population. Increases in consumption of calorie-dense foods, including fast foods, meats & other animal fats, highly refined grains & sugar-sweetened beverages, are thought to play a critical role in the rising rates diabetes worldwide. Multiple potential mechanisms underlie the benefits of a plant-based diet as typical of traditional Indonesian eating habits in ameliorating insulin resistance, including promotion of a healthy body weight, increases in fiber and phytonutrients, food-microbiome interactions, and decreases in saturated fat, advanced glycation endproducts, nitrosamines, and heme iron. Result from our study in Jogjakarta shows that duration of the disease and type of occupation did not affect eating compliance in diabetic patients. Nevertheless, it was found that family support affected eating compliance (RP = 1,723 and p = 0.025) as well as eating schedule (RP = 2,151 and p = 0.02) among T2DM in Jogjakarta hospital. This finding suggest that a regular nutrition education are very important to increase macronutrients and micronutrient intake of diabetic patients. ER  - 
Dietary patterns and management of type 2 diabetes: A systematic review of randomised clinical trials$$$ Background and aim: The aim of the present review is to examine evidence from published studies on the effectiveness of six or more months of low carbohydrate, macrobiotic, vegan, vegetarian, Mediterranean and intermittent fasting (IF) diets compared to low fat diets on diabetes control and management. Methods and results: In accordance with PRISMA guidelines, Cochrane CENTRAL, PubMed and Scopus databases were systematically searched for relevant studies. Twenty randomised controlled trials (RCTs) > 6 months that investigated the effectiveness of various dietary patterns on type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) were included. Risk of bias was assessed using the Cochrane tool. There were no significant differences in glycemic control, weight and lipids for the majority of low carbohydrate diets (LCDs) compared to low fat diets (LFDs). Four out of fifteen LCD interventions showed better glycemic control while weight loss was greater in one study. The Mediterranean dietary pattern demonstrated greater reduction in body weight and HbA1c levels and delayed requirement for diabetes medications. The vegan and macrobiotic diet demonstrated improved glycemic control, while the vegetarian diet showed greater body weight reduction and insulin sensitivity. Conclusions: Although more long-term intervention trials are required, mounting evidence supports the view that vegan, vegetarian and Mediterranean dietary patterns should be implemented in public health strategies, in order to better control glycemic markers in individuals with T2DM. ER  - 
Longterm consequences of diet styles (vegetarian, vegan, low-carb …)$$$ Dietary pattern such as the Mediterranean Diet, the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), the Healthy Eating Index or a vegan diet have shown some impact on the development of chronic diseases and mortality. The DASH-diet is considered evidence-based and established for reducing elevated blood pressure and prevention of coronary heart disease. A Mediterranean diet has been shown to reduce cardiovascular events in patients with a metabolic syndrome, whereas a vegan diet together with physical activity, and stress management can induce regression of coronary stenoses and reduce angina pectoris even in clinically overt coronary heart disease. The effectiveness of dietary interventions is supposedly due to their broad influence on several major risk factors as there are overweight, central obesity, lipid disorders, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus type 2 but may also target inflammatory processes, epigenetic modification and the intestinal microbiome. In addition, telomere length may represent one important mechanism by which dietary intake influences risk of age-related diseases. Dietary changes may be employed as a sole preventative measure, but also combined with other lifestyle interventions and medication. Recommendations need not only consider the individual risk profile, but also the personal preferences to ensure adequate adherence. ER  - 
Methionine restriction prevents onset of type 2 diabetes in NZO mice$$$ Dietary methionine restriction (MR) is well known to reduce body weight by increasing energy expenditure (EE) and insulin sensitivity. An elevated concentration of circulating fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) has been implicated as a potential underlying mechanism. The aims of our study were to test whether dietary MR in the context of a high-fat regimen protects against type 2 diabetes in mice and to investigate whether vegan and vegetarian diets, which have naturally low methionine levels, modulate circulating FGF21 in humans. New Zealand obese (NZO) mice, a model for polygenic obesity and type 2 diabetes, were placed on isocaloric high-fat diets (protein, 16 kcal%; carbohydrate, 52 kcal%; fat, 32 kcal%) that provided methionine at control (Con; 0.86% methionine) or low levels (0.17%) for 9 wk. Markers of glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity were analyzed. Among humans, low methionine intake and circulating FGF21 levels were investigated by comparing a vegan and a vegetarian diet to an omnivore diet and evaluating the effect of a short-term vegetarian diet on FGF21 induction. In comparison with the Con group, MR led to elevated plasma FGF21 levels and prevented the onset of hyperglycemia in NZO mice. MR-fed mice exhibited increased insulin sensitivity, higher plasma adiponectin levels, increased EE, and up-regulated expression of thermogenic genes in subcutaneous white adipose tissue. Food intake and fat mass did not change. Plasma FGF21 levels were markedly higher in vegan humans compared with omnivores, and circulating FGF21 levels increased significantly in omnivores after 4 d on a vegetarian diet. These data suggest that MR induces FGF21 and protects NZO mice from high-fat diet-induced glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes. The normoglycemic phenotype in vegans and vegetarians may be caused by induced FGF21. MR akin to vegan and vegetarian diets in humans may offer metabolic benefits via increased circulating levels of FGF21 and merits further investigation.-Castaño-Martinez, T., Schumacher, F., Schumacher, S., Kochlik, B., Weber, D., Grune, T., Biemann, R., McCann, A., Abraham, K., Weikert, C., Kleuser, B., Schürmann, A., Laeger, T. Methionine restriction prevents onset of type 2 diabetes in NZO mice. ER  - 
Effects of amino acid restriction on development of type 2 diabetes in NZO mice by FGF21 secretion$$$ Dietary protein restriction (PR) is emerging as an alternative approach to treat obesity and glucose intolerance since it increases plasma fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF-21) levels. Also, dietary methionine restriction (MR) is known to mimic the metabolic effects of PR by increasing FGF-21 and inducing beneficial effects. Therefore, we tested in New Zealand Obese (NZO) mice, a model of polygenic obesity and type 2 diabetes, whether a moderate PR or a MR protects against diabetes. Moreover, we investigated whether a decreased methionine intake caused by vegetarian and vegan diets modulates plasma FGF-21 in humans. NZO mice were placed on high-fat diets that provided protein at control (18 gm%), low levels (4 gm%), or on high-fat diets (protein, 18 gm%) that provided methionine at control (0.86 gm%) or low levels (0.17 gm%) for up to 9 weeks. Changes in glucose homeostasis and energy expenditure were assessed. Among humans, plasma FGF-21 levels were investigated by comparing vegetarians and vegans to omnivores, and the effect of shortterm vegetarian diet on FGF-21 induction was evaluated. PR prevented the onset of hyperglycemia only when protein was substituted by fat. When protein was substituted by carbohydrates, mice developed hyperglycemia two weeks later than the control, despite elevated plasma FGF-21 levels and increased energy expenditure. MR elevated plasma FGF-21 levels and prevented the onset of hyperglycemia. Human plasma FGF-21 levels were higher in vegans and vegetarians compared to omnivores. Interestingly, already a short-term switch to a vegetarian diet increased plasma FGF- 21 in omnivores. Thus, restriction of dietary protein and methionine elevates plasma FGF-21 levels, which protect from hyperglycemia, an effect compromised by high dietary carbohydrates in NZO mice. Patients at high risk of developing type 2 diabetes may benefit from dietary changes in favor of methionine restriction, via increased circulating levels of FGF-21, without protein and calorie restriction. ER  - 
Methionine restriction prevents onset of type 2 diabetes in NZO mice by FGF21 secretion$$$ Background and aims: Protein restricted (PR) diets prevent type 2 diabetes in diabetes-susceptible New Zealand obese (NZO) mice since it increases plasma fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21). Dietary methionine restriction (MR) is known to mimic metabolic effects of PR with FGF21 as a required mechanism. Therefore, we tested in NZO mice whether a MR protects against diabetes. Moreover, we investigated whether a decreased methionine intake caused by meat-free diets modulates plasma FGF21 in humans. Materials and methods: After weaning, male NZO mice were placed on high-fat diets that provided methionine at control (0.86%; CON-MR) or low levels (0.17%; MR) for up to 9 weeks. Glucose homeostasis, energy expenditure, and other metabolic endpoints were assessed. Among humans, plasma FGF21 levels were investigated by comparing vegans and vegetarians to omnivore, and the effect of short-term vegetarian diet on FGF21 induction. Results: MR elevated plasma FGF21 (CON = 0.6 ± 0.1 ng/ml, MR = 8.7 ± 0.9 ng/ml) and adiponectin levels (CON = 23.0 ± 1.1 μg/ml, MR = 33.4 ± 2.0 μg/ml), increased the energy expenditure (CON = 9.1 ± 0.5 kcal × kg\h, MR = 12.5 ± 0.9 kcal × kg\h) and prevented onset of hyperglycemia independently of food intake and adiposity. Human plasma FGF21 levels were higher in vegans and vegetarians compared to omnivores, and four days switch to vegetarian diet increased plasma FGF21 in omnivores. Conclusion: MR elevates plasma FGF21 levels and protects from hyperglycemia in NZO mice. Patients at high risk of developing type 2 diabetes may benefit from dietary changes in favor of MR, via increased circulating levels of FGF21. ER  - 
Dietary Patterns and Incident Heart Failure in U.S. Adults Without Known Coronary Disease$$$ Background: Dietary patterns and associations with incident heart failure (HF) are not well established in the United States. Objectives: The purpose of this study was to determine associations of 5 dietary patterns with incident HF hospitalizations among U.S. adults. Methods: The REGARDS (REasons for Geographic and Racial Differences in Stroke) trial is a prospective cohort of black and white adults followed from 2003 to 2007 through 2014. Inclusion criteria included completion of a food frequency questionnaire and no baseline coronary heart disease or HF. Five dietary patterns (convenience, plant-based, sweets, Southern, and alcohol/salads) were derived from principal component analysis. The primary endpoint was incident HF hospitalization. Results: This study included 16,068 participants (mean age 64.0 ± 9.1 years, 58.7% women, 33.6% black participants, 34.0% residents of the stroke belt). After a median of 8.7 years of follow-up, 363 participants had incident HF hospitalizations. Compared with the lowest quartile, the highest quartile of adherence to the plant-based dietary pattern was associated with a 41% lower risk of HF in multivariable-adjusted models (hazard ratio: 0.59; 95% confidence interval: 0.41 to 0.86; p = 0.004). Highest adherence to the Southern dietary pattern was associated with a 72% higher risk of HF after adjusting for age, sex, and race and for other potential confounders (education, income, region of residence, total energy intake, smoking, physical activity, and sodium intake; hazard ratio: 1.72; 95% confidence interval: 1.20 to 2.46; p = 0.005). However, the association was attenuated and no longer statistically significant after further adjusting for body mass index in kg/m2, waist circumference, hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes mellitus, atrial fibrillation, and chronic kidney disease. No statistically significant associations were observed with incident HF with reduced or preserved ejection fraction hospitalizations and the dietary patterns. No associations were observed with the other 3 dietary patterns. Conclusions: Adherence to a plant-based dietary pattern was inversely associated with incident HF risk, whereas the Southern dietary pattern was positively associated with incident HF risk. ER  - 
Distinct Genetic and Functional Traits of Human Intestinal Prevotella copri Strains Are Associated with Different Habitual Diets$$$ The role of intestinal Prevotella species in human health is controversial, with both positive and negative associations. Strain-level diversity may contribute to discrepancies in genus and species associations with health and disease. We dissected the gut metagenomes of Italians with varying dietary habits, investigating the presence of distinct Prevotella copri strains. Fiber-rich diets were linked to P. copri types with enhanced potential for carbohydrate catabolism. P. copri strains associated with an omnivore diet had a higher prevalence of the leuB gene—involved in branched-chain amino acid biosynthesis—a risk factor for glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes. These P. copri pangenomes were compared to existing cohorts, providing evidence of distinct gene repertoires characterizing different P. copri populations, with drug metabolism and complex carbohydrate degradation significantly associated with Western and non-Western individuals, respectively. Strain-level P. copri diversity in gut microbiomes is affected by diet and should be considered when examining host-microbe associations.
The effects of vegetarian and vegan diet during pregnancy on the health of mothers and offspring$$$ Vegetarian and vegan diets have increased worldwide in the last decades, according to the knowledge that they might prevent coronary heart disease, cancer, and type 2 diabetes. Althought plant-based diets are at risk of nutritional deficiencies such as proteins, iron, vitamin D, calcium, iodine, omega-3, and vitamin B12, the available evidence shows that well planned vegetarian and vegan diets may be considered safe during pregnancy and lactation, but they require a strong awareness for a balanced intake of key nutrients. A review of the scientific literature in this field was performed, focusing specifically on observational studies in humans, in order to investigate protective effects elicited by maternal diets enriched in plant-derived foods and possible unfavorable outcomes related to micronutrients deficiencies and their impact on fetal development. A design of pregestational nutrition intervention is required in order to avoid maternal undernutrition and consequent impaired fetal growth. View Full-Text. ER  - 
Association of changes in plant-based diet indices with total and cause-specific mortality$$$ Introduction: Plant-based diets have been associated with health benefits, including lower risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and coronary heart disease (CHD). However, the association between plantbased diets and mortality remains unclear as previous studies did not take into account the quality of plant-based foods. To overcome this limitation, we recently developed three plant-based diet indices-an overall plant-based diet index (PDI), a healthful plant-based diet index (hPDI), and an unhealthful plant-based diet index (uPDI, emphasizing processed carbohydrates and fats)- and reported that hPDI and uPDI were differentially associated with T2D and CHD. In this study, we investigate associations between long-term changes in plant-based diet indices and subsequent total and cause-specific mortality in the Nurses' Health Study (NHS) and the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study (HPFS). Hypothesis: We hypothesized that improved plant-based diet quality is associated with lower total and cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality. Method: We included 47,983 women, aged 63±7y (mean±SD) in the NHS and 25,737 men, aged 63±9y in the HPFS who had no history of CVD or cancer on or before 1998 (baseline). We used multivariable Cox proportional-hazards regression to assess the association between 12-y prebaseline changes (1986-1998) in three plant-based diet indices and subsequent total and causespecific mortality (1998-2014). We adjusted for age, race, initial corresponding plant-based diet index score, BMI, family history of diabetes, myocardial infarction, or cancer, history of hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, or T2D, medications, postmenopausal status and postmenopausal hormone use in women, initial and 12-y pre-baseline changes in weight and other lifestyle-related factors. Results: Compared with those participants whose diets remained relatively stable during the prebaseline 12-year period, among participants with the greatest increase in plant-based diet indices, the pooled hazard ratio (95% confidence interval [CI]) for total mortality was 0.92 (95% CI, 0.87 to 0.97) for PDI, 0.90 (95% CI, 0.86 to 0.95) for hPDI, and 1.11 (95% CI, 1.05 to 1.16) for uPDI. For CVD-specific mortality, a 10-point increase in hPDI was associated with a 10% lower risk (95% CI, 5 to 15), while a 10-point increase in uPDI was associated with a 6% higher risk (95% CI, 0 to 12). We found no evidence for changes in plant-based diet indices and subsequent risk of cancer mortality. Conclusions: Improved plant-based diet quality over a 12-year period was associated with a lower risk of total and CVD mortality, whereas increased consumption of an unhealthful plant-based diet was associated with a higher risk of total and CVD mortality. ER  - 
Semi-vegetarians' body fat indices, metabolic risks and cardiovascular disease in Koreans$$$ Objective: Several studies have shown that plant-based vegetarian diets have advantages in the aspects of type 2 diabetes, hypertension, obesity and cardiovascular risks. However, in Korea, the benefit of plant-based diet in obesity has not thoroughly researched. The aim of this cross-sectional analysis was to find out the differences of fat accumulation using dual energy x-ray absorptiometry (DXA) and the metabolic risks and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) in representative Korean adults. Method: This analysis was based on the data obtained from the Fourth and Fifth Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES IV-V). Among this, 18 198 adult data with DXA measurements, were analyzed. Because strict vegans are very rare in Korea, the comparative analysis was executed between semi-vegetarians and regular eaters. Semi-vegetarian was defined the person who eat dairy products or eggs freely, as well as fish, chicken, and meat once a month or less by food frequency questionnaire. Survey analysis method, t-test and Wald test were used for the comparison of characteristics between semi-vegetarians and regular eaters. Results: The proportion of semi-vegetarians (mean (SE)) were 1.65 (0.19) % in men, 1.07 (0.19) % in pre-menopausal and 6.58 (0.53) % in post-menopausal women. Semi-vegetarians were older than regular eaters in men and post-menopausal women. In men, BMI, waist circumference, body fat and trunk fat were lower in semi-vegetarians than in regular eaters. In post-menopausal women, body and trunk fat in kg were lower in semi-vegetarians than the others. In men, diabetes was more frequent in semi-vegetarians. In pre-menopausal women, metabolic syndrome was more frequent in semi-vegetarians. In post-menopausal women, hypertension, metabolic syndrome and CVDs were more frequent in semi-vegetarians. Adjusting age, hypertension was less frequent in semi-vegetarians in men, and CVDs were less frequent in semi-vegetarians in pre-menopausal women. There were no other differences of the prevalence of comorbidities between semi-vegetarians and regular eaters. Conclusion: Semi-vegetarians' body and trunk fat in kg were lower than those of regular eaters in men and post-menopausal women. Hypertension was less frequent in semi-vegetarians in men, and CVDs were less frequent in semi-vegetarians in pre-menopausal women. (Table presented). ER  - 
Is a vegetarian diet safe to follow during pregnancy? A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies$$$ Background: Whether a vegetarian diet is appropriate for pregnancy remains unclear. Objective: This study aimed to determine the association between vegetarian diet during pregnancy and various maternal-fetal outcomes. Method: PubMed-Medline, EMBASE, and Cochrane Library databases were searched for relevant articles published by August 30, 2017. Quantitative data were analyzed by a random-effects model with pooled odds ratios or weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% confidence interval as aggregate estimations. Results: A total of 19 observational studies were identified for each of meta-analysis and narrative review. The overall estimated relation between vegetarian pregnancy and low birth weight (LBW) was marginally significant (1.27 (0.98, 1.65), P = 0.07, I2=0%). Asian (India/Nepal) vegetarian mothers exhibited increased risks to deliver a baby with LBW (1.33 (1.01, 1.76), P = 0.04, I2=0%). However, the WMD of neonatal birth weight in five studies suggested no difference between vegetarians and omnivores. Given the high heterogeneity of the included studies, lack of high-quality evidence, and limited studies included for each category, we failed to reach conclusive results regarding the risks of hypospadias, intrauterine growth retardation, maternal anemia, and gestational diabetes mellitus. Conclusion: Asian vegetarian mothers presented increased risks to deliver babies with LBW than those of omnivores. Large-scale prospective studies focusing on pre- and/or early gestational nutrition will help clarify the correlation between vegetarian diet and various pregnancy outcomes. ER  - 
Anti-inflammatory effects of a vegan diet versus the american heart association–recommended diet in coronary artery disease trial$$$ Background-—Dietary interventions may play a role in secondary cardiovascular prevention. hsCRP (High-sensitivity C-reactive protein) is a marker of risk for major adverse cardiovascular outcomes in coronary artery disease. Methods and Results-—The open-label, blinded end-point, EVADE CAD (Effects of a Vegan Versus the American Heart Association-Recommended Diet in Coronary Artery Disease) trial randomized participants (n=100) with coronary artery disease to 8 weeks of a vegan or American Heart Association–recommended diet with provision of groceries, tools to measure dietary intake, and dietary counseling. The primary end point was high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. A linear regression model compared end points after 8 weeks of a vegan versus American Heart Association diet and adjusted for baseline concentration of the end point. Significance levels for the primary and secondary end points were set at 0.05 and 0.0015, respectively. A vegan diet resulted in a significant 32% lower high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (b, 0.68, 95% confidence interval [0.49–0.94]; P=0.02) when compared with the American Heart Association diet. Results were consistent after adjustment for age, race, baseline waist circumference, diabetes mellitus, and prior myocardial infarction (adjusted b, 0.67 [0.47–0.94], P=0.02). The degree of reduction in body mass index and waist circumference did not significantly differ between the 2 diet groups (adjusted b, 0.99 [0.97–1.00], P=0.10; and adjusted b, 1.00 [0.98–1.01], P=0.66, respectively). There were also no significant differences in markers of glycemic control between the 2 diet groups. There was a nonsignificant 13% reduction in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol with the vegan diet when compared with the American Heart Association diet (adjusted b, 0.87 [0.78–0.97], P=0.01). There were no significant differences in other lipid parameters. Conclusions-—In patients with coronary artery disease on guideline-directed medical therapy, a vegan diet may be considered to lower high-sensitivity C-reactive protein as a risk marker of adverse outcomes. ER  - 
Diet quality indices and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus the Singapore Chinese Health Study$$$ We aimed to test whether predefined dietary patterns that are inversely related to risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in Western populations were similarly associated with lower T2D risk in an Asian population. We included 45,411 middle-aged and older participants (ages 45–74 years) in the Singapore Chinese Health Study who were free of diabetes, cancer, and cardiovascular disease at baseline (1993–1998). Participants were followed up for T2D diagnosis through 2010. Dietary information was collected using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Dietary pattern scores were calculated for the alternate Mediterranean diet (aMED), Alternate Healthy Eating Index 2010 (AHEI-2010), the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, an overall plant-based diet index, and a healthful plant-based diet index. During a median of 11.1 years of follow-up, 5,207 incident cases of T2D occurred. After adjustment for multiple potential confounders, the 5 dietary pattern scores were significantly associated with 16% (for aMED) to 29% (for DASH) lower risks of T2D when comparing the highest score quintiles with the lowest (all P-for-trend values < 0.001). These associations did not vary substantially by baseline age, sex, body mass index, or hypertension status but were limited to nonsmokers (aMED: P for interaction < 0.001; AHEI-2010: P for interaction = 0.03). Adherence to a high-quality diet, as reflected by several predefined diet quality indices derived in Western populations, was significantly associated with lower T2D risk in an Asian population. ER  - 
Plant versus animal based diets and insulin resistance, prediabetes and type 2 diabetes: The Rotterdam Study$$$ Background and aims: Vegan or vegetarian diets have been suggested to reduce type 2 diabetes (T2D) risk. However, not much is known on whether variation in the degree of having a plant-based versus animalbased diet may be beneficial for prevention of T2D. Therefore, we aimed to investigate whether level of adherence to a diet high in plant-based foods and low in animal-based foods was associated with insulin resistance, prediabetes, and T2D. Materials and methods: Our analysis included 6798 participants (62.7 ± 7.8 years) from the Rotterdam Study (RS), a prospective populationbased cohort in the Netherlands. Dietary intake data were collected with food-frequency questionnaires at baseline of three sub-cohorts of RS (RSI- 1: 1989-93, RS-II-1: 2000-01, RS-III-1: 2006-08). We constructed a continuous plant-based dietary index (range 0-92) assessing adherence to a plant-based versus animal-based diet. Higher score on the plant-based dietary index reflected more plant-based foods intake and less animalbased foods intake. Insulin resistance at baseline and follow-up was assessed using homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Prediabetes and T2D were collected from general practitioners' records, pharmacies' databases, and follow-up examinations in our research center until 2012. We used linear mixed models to examine associations of score on the plant-based dietary index with longitudinal HOMA-IR, and used cox proportional-hazards regression models to examine associations of score on the plant-based dietary index with risk of prediabetes and T2D. Results: During median 5.7 years, and 7.3 years of follow-up, we documented 928 prediabetes cases and 642 T2D cases. After adjusting for sociodemographic and lifestyle factors, a higher score on the overall plant-based dietary index was associated with lower insulin resistance (per 10 points higher score on the index per day: β = -0.09; 95% CI: -0.10; -0.08), lower prediabetes risk (HR = 0.89; 95% CI: 0.81; 0.98), and lower T2D risk (HR = 0.82; 95% CI: 0.73; 0.92)). After additional adjustment for BMI, associations attenuated and remained statistically significant for longitudinal insulin resistance (-0.05 (-0.06; -0.04)) and T2D risk (0.87 (0.79; 0.98)), but no longer for prediabetes risk. Conclusion: A more plant-based and less animal-based diet may lower risk of insulin resistance, prediabetes and T2D. These findings strengthen recent dietary recommendations to adopt a more plant-based diet. ER  - 
Plant versus animal based diets and insulin resistance, prediabetes and type 2 diabetes: the Rotterdam Study$$$ Background and aims: Vegan or vegetarian diets have been suggested to reduce type 2 diabetes (T2D) risk. However, not much is known on whether variation in the degree of having a plant-based versus animalbased diet may be beneficial for prevention of T2D. Therefore, we aimed to investigate whether level of adherence to a diet high in plant-based foods and low in animal-based foods was associated with insulin resistance, prediabetes, and T2D. Materials and methods: Our analysis included 6798 participants (62.7 ± 7.8 years) from the Rotterdam Study (RS), a prospective populationbased cohort in the Netherlands. Dietary intake data were collected with food-frequency questionnaires at baseline of three sub-cohorts of RS (RSI- 1: 1989-93, RS-II-1: 2000-01, RS-III-1: 2006-08). We constructed a continuous plant-based dietary index (range 0-92) assessing adherence to a plant-based versus animal-based diet. Higher score on the plant-based dietary index reflected more plant-based foods intake and less animalbased foods intake. Insulin resistance at baseline and follow-up was assessed using homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Prediabetes and T2D were collected from general practitioners' records, pharmacies' databases, and follow-up examinations in our research center until 2012. We used linear mixed models to examine associations of score on the plant-based dietary index with longitudinal HOMA-IR, and used cox proportional-hazards regression models to examine associations of score on the plant-based dietary index with risk of prediabetes and T2D. Results: During median 5.7 years, and 7.3 years of follow-up, we documented 928 prediabetes cases and 642 T2D cases. After adjusting for sociodemographic and lifestyle factors, a higher score on the overall plant-based dietary index was associated with lower insulin resistance (per 10 points higher score on the index per day: β = -0.09; 95% CI: -0.10; -0.08), lower prediabetes risk (HR = 0.89; 95% CI: 0.81; 0.98), and lower T2D risk (HR = 0.82; 95% CI: 0.73; 0.92)). After additional adjustment for BMI, associations attenuated and remained statistically significant for longitudinal insulin resistance (-0.05 (-0.06; -0.04)) and T2D risk (0.87 (0.79; 0.98)), but no longer for prediabetes risk. Conclusion: A more plant-based and less animal-based diet may lower risk of insulin resistance, prediabetes and T2D. These findings strengthen recent dietary recommendations to adopt a more plant-based diet. ER  - 
Handgrip Strength and Its Associated Factors among Community-dwelling Elderly in Sri Lanka: A Cross-sectional Study$$$ Purpose: Low muscle strength is central to geriatric physical disabilities and mortality. The purpose of the present study was to examine handgrip strength (HGS) and its associated factors among community-dwelling older people in Sri Lanka. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in the Kandy district using multistage sampling. A total of 999 older people were recruited, with a female preponderance. Data were collected using interviewer-administered questionnaires on demographic characteristics, depression, and physical activity. Anthropometric measurements including weight, height, mid-upper arm circumference, calf circumference, and HGS were recorded. Complex sample general linear model was used to examine the association between HGS and its associated factors. Results: The mean highest HGS of the study group was 12.56 kg (95% confidence interval: 11.94–13.19). Male older people had a higher HGS (17.02, 95% confidence interval: 15.55–18.49 kg) than females (10.59, 95% confidence interval: 10.12–11.06 kg). For both men and women, older age was associated with lower HGS, while mid-upper arm circumference was associated with better HGS. Diabetes mellitus, vegetarian diet, and alcohol consumption were associated with HGS for women only. Conclusion: Men had a higher HGS compared with women. Age, mid-upper arm circumference, diabetes mellitus, vegetarian diet, and alcohol consumption were factors associated with HGS among community-dwelling older people in Kandy district, Sri Lanka. HGS can be used as a feasible strategy to improve health status of older people by community health nurses. ER  - 
Plant versus animal based diets and insulin resistance, prediabetes and type 2 diabetes: the Rotterdam Study$$$ Vegan or vegetarian diets have been suggested to reduce type 2 diabetes (T2D) risk. However, not much is known on whether variation in the degree of having a plant-based versus animal-based diet may be beneficial for prevention of T2D. We aimed to investigate whether level of adherence to a diet high in plant-based foods and low in animal-based foods is associated with insulin resistance, prediabetes, and T2D. Our analysis included 6798 participants (62.7 ± 7.8 years) from the Rotterdam Study (RS), a prospective population-based cohort in the Netherlands. Dietary intake data were collected with food-frequency questionnaires at baseline of three sub-cohorts of RS (RS-I-1: 1989–1993, RS-II-1: 2000–2001, RS-III-1: 2006–2008). We constructed a continuous plant-based dietary index (range 0–92) assessing adherence to a plant-based versus animal-based diet. Insulin resistance at baseline and follow-up was assessed using homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Prediabetes and T2D were collected from general practitioners’ records, pharmacies’ databases, and follow-up examinations in our research center until 2012. We used multivariable linear mixed models to examine association of the index with longitudinal HOMA-IR, and multivariable Cox proportional-hazards regression models to examine associations of the index with risk of prediabetes and T2D. During median 5.7, and 7.3 years of follow-up, we documented 928 prediabetes cases and 642 T2D cases. After adjusting for sociodemographic and lifestyle factors, a higher score on the plant-based dietary index was associated with lower insulin resistance (per 10 units higher score: β = −0.09; 95% CI: − 0.10; − 0.08), lower prediabetes risk (HR = 0.89; 95% CI: 0.81; 0.98), and lower T2D risk [HR = 0.82 (0.73; 0.92)]. After additional adjustment for BMI, associations attenuated and remained statistically significant for longitudinal insulin resistance [β = −0.05 (− 0.06; − 0.04)] and T2D risk [HR = 0.87 (0.79; 0.99)], but no longer for prediabetes risk [HR = 0.93 (0.85; 1.03)]. In conclusion, a more plant-based and less animal-based diet may lower risk of insulin resistance, prediabetes and T2D. These findings strengthen recent dietary recommendations to adopt a more plant-based diet. Clinical Trial Registry number and website NTR6831, http://www.trialregister.nl/trialreg/admin/rctview.asp?TC=6831. ER  - 
Effectiveness of plant-based diets in promoting well-being in the management of type 2 diabetes: A systematic review$$$ Diet interventions have suggested an association between plant-based diets and improvements in psychological well-being, quality of life and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) control in populations with diabetes. The aims of this review are to systematically analyze the available literature on plant-based diet interventions targeting diabetes in adults and to clearly define the benefits on well-being of such interventions. This is a systematic review of controlled trials. A computerized systematic literature search was conducted in the following electronic databases: Allied and Complementary Medicine, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature, E-Journals, Excerpta Medica Database, MEDLINE, Health Management Information Consortium, PsycARTICLES, PsycINFO, PubMed, SocINDEX and Web of Science. The search strategy retrieved 1240 articles, of which 11 met the inclusion criteria (n=433; mean sample age 54.8 years). Plant-based diets were associated with significant improvement in emotional well-being, physical well-being, depression, quality of life, general health, HbA1c levels, weight, total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, compared with several diabetic associations' official guidelines and other comparator diets. Plant-based diets can significantly improve psychological health, quality of life, HbA1c levels and weight and therefore the management of diabetes. ER  - 
Dietary Patterns among Asian Indians Living in the United States Have Distinct Metabolomic Profiles That Are Associated with Cardiometabolic Risk$$$ Background: Recent studies, primarily in non-Hispanic whites, suggest that dietary patterns have distinct metabolomic signatures that may influence disease risk. However, evidence in South Asians, a group with unique dietary patterns and a high prevalence of cardiometabolic risk, is lacking. Objective: We investigated the metabolomic profiles associated with 2 distinct dietary patterns among a sample of Asian Indians living in the United States. We also examined the cross-sectional associations between metabolomic profiles and cardiometabolic risk markers. Methods: We used cross-sectional data from 145 Asian Indians, aged 45–79 y, in the Metabolic Syndrome and Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America (MASALA) pilot study. Metabolomic profiles were measured from fasting serum samples. Usual diet was assessed by using a validated food-frequency questionnaire. We used principal components analysis to derive dietary and metabolomic patterns. We used adjusted general linear regression models to examine associations between dietary patterns, individual food groups, metabolite patterns, and cardiometabolic risk markers. Results: We observed 2 major principal components or metabolite clusters, the first comprised primarily of medium- to long-chain acylcarnitines (metabolite pattern 1) and the second characterized by branched-chain amino acids, aromatic amino acids, and short-chain acylcarnitines (metabolite pattern 2). A “Western/nonvegetarian” pattern was significantly and positively associated with metabolite pattern 2 (all participants: β ± SE = 0.180 ± 0.090, P = 0.05; participants without type 2 diabetes: β ± SE = 0.323 ± 0.090, P = 0.0005). In all participants, higher scores on metabolite pattern 2 were adversely associated with measures of glycemia (fasting insulin: β ± SE = 2.91 ± 1.29, P = 0.03; 2-h insulin: β ± SE = 22.1 ± 10.3, P = 0.03; homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance: β ± SE = 0.94 ± 0.42, P = 0.03), total adiponectin (β ± SE = −1.46 ± 0.47, P = 0.002), lipids (total cholesterol: β ± SE = 7.51 ± 3.45, P = 0.03; triglycerides: β ± SE = 14.4 ± 6.67, P = 0.03), and a radiographic measure of hepatic fat (liver-to-spleen attenuation ratio: β ± SE = −0.83 ± 0.42, P = 0.05). Conclusions: Our findings suggest that a “Western/nonvegetarian” dietary pattern is associated with a metabolomic profile that is related to an adverse cardiometabolic profile in Asian Indians. Public health efforts to reduce cardiometabolic disease burden in this high-risk group should focus on consuming a healthy plant-based diet. ER  - 
Anemia as a risk factor for diabetic retinopathy (DR) with special reference to nutritional etiology$$$ Background: Anemia is increasingly recognized as a risk factor for DR. Nutritional anemia is a major cause of anemia in India. This study was undertaken to explore anemia as a risk factor for DR. Methodology: Patients with type 2 diabetes admitted to the medical wards of a tertiary care hospital were enrolled into the study, in the absence of renal failure, pregnancy and ocular disorders unrelated to diabetes. Retinopathy was classified as per ETDRS classification. Anemia was defined and graded based on WHO guidelines. In patients with anemia, serum B12, serum iron, total iron binding capacity (TIBC) and percent saturation were assayed. Results: A total of 170 patients were enrolled into the study (males 93, females 77). The mean age of the study group was 59 ± 12.30 (SD) years. Patients with DR (n=85) were classified as Group 1 and those without DR (n=85) as Group 2. The mean age of patients in Group 1 was 60.74 ± 13.00 (SD) years and that in Group 2 was 57.26 ± 11.39 (SD) years. The mean duration of diabetes was 12.40 ± 7.60 (SD) years for Group 1 and 6.64 ± 4.48 (SD) years for Group 2. The mean Hb of patients in Group 1 was 10.40 ± 0.25 (SD) gm% and in Group 2 was 12.70 ± 0.18 (SD) gm% (p=0.001). Within these groupings, 67 patients had anemia (56 in Group 1, 11 in Group 2). There was a significant association between anemia and DR (p=0.001) and a trend towards association between increasing grades of anemia and severity of DR (p=0.06). In Group 1, among patients with anemia, 28 (50%) patients had nutritional anemia (iron: 24, B12: 3 and dual: 1). On logistic regression analysis, anemia and duration of diabetes emerged as predictors of DR. Discussion: Anemia in patients with diabetes may be multifactorial in etiology. While metformin therapy, albuminuria and reduced renal function are implicated, vegetarian diet is a major contributor for nutritional anemia. Regular monitoring of Hb and treatment with supplements or dietary modifications may reduce occurrence and arrest progression of DR. ER  - 
Plant-based Diet for HbA1c Reduction in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: an Evidence-based Case Report$$$ BACKGROUND: diabetes has become a major public health concern with an estimated 180 million cases worldwide. Nutritional changes are one of the key aspects in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Previous studies have suggested an association between vegetarian diets and improvements in glycemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus, however the relationship is not well established. The aim of this report is to perform a critical appraisal to analyze whether plant-based diet reduces the HbA1c level compared to conventional diet. METHODS: a comprehensive computer-based literature search was performed on June 20, 2016 using PubMed, Ovid, EBSCO, and the Cochrane Library. All abstracts and titles from the initial search results were screened, reviewed, and appraised using critical appraisal worksheets by Center of Evidence-Based Medicine, University of Oxford. RESULTS: one systematic review and two RCTs met the inclusion criteria and were considered eligible for this case report. In patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, HbA1c significantly yielded greater reduction in the plant-based group compared to conventional diet group after 22 weeks of follow up. Similarly, there was a statistically greater reduction in HbA1c level in the plant-based group after 72 weeks. Furthermore, consumption of plant-based diet was associated with a significant reduction in HbA1c. CONCLUSION: in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, HbA1c reduction was greater in patients with plant-based diet compared to patients with conventional diet. Further research should be conducted with larger sample size and longer follow-up period. ER  - 
Effects of vegetarian vs. non-vegetarian diets on lipofuscin levels in T1D subjects$$$ Purpose : Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (T1D) is an autoimmune disease that can affect ocular health over the lifetime of affected individuals. Pilot cohort study examined trends in vegetarians vs. non-vegetarians lipofuscin accumulation in the retinal-pigmented epithelium (RPE) of T1D subjects using fundus auto-fluorescence (FAF) imaging. Results were compared to those from our previous studies of lipofuscin concentration in vegetarian vs. non-vegetarian in non T1D subjects. Methods : FAF imaging was performed on 14 subjects using a Canon CR-2 Plus AF retinal camera fitted with an exciter (535-585 nm wide band) and barrier filter (605-715nm). All monochromatic images were captured without the use of mydriatic agents at an angle of 45° and corrected for auto-exposure (Adobe Photoshop V 7.02). Auto-fluorescence (AF) measurement was a 35.5 mm rectangle in the ganglion cell complex (GCC) for lipofuscin accumulation. Standardized scores were obtained by leveling AF at the optic nerve to correct for baseline fluorescence. Mean, SD, and T-tests were used to compare AF in vegetarians vs. non-vegetarians to determine significant changes in lipofuscin levels. Results : Fourteen subjects (14 eyes, 50% females, 100% of Caucasian decent) were analyzed. Dietary mix was 50% vegetarians and 50% non-vegetarians (self-reported as eating meat for more than 1/2 their life). AF scores between vegetarian and non-vegetarian T1D subjects were significantly different (p<0.05), as seen in Table 1. The average levels of AF for each age-matched dietary group are included in Table 2. Conclusions : In this small pilot cohort study, our results showed that younger T1D vegetarians (mean age=20) had mean lipofuscin levels comparable to that of older healthy vegetarians (mean age = 47.23) more than double their age. This trend suggests an accelerated increase in lipofuscin levels at a younger age in subjects with T1D compared to healthy subjects. We noted that non-T1D vegetarians (mean age=22.57) had lipofuscin levels of 81.31 that were similar to the vegetarian T1D subjects (mean age=20) lipofuscin levels of 84.84, as seen in Table 3. Vegetarian T1D subjects also had significantly lower lipofuscin levels than non-vegetarian T1D subjects. These results support our previous studies that found a trend of lower lipofuscin levels with vegetarian diet compared to nonvegetarian diet in healthy subjects. Further studies will be done with larger sample sizes. ER  - 
Effect of a vegetarian diet on the treatment efficacy of peginterferon plus ribavirin in chronic hepatitis C patients: A retrospective cohort study$$$ The aim of the study was to compare the treatment efficacy of peginterferon plus ribavirin on vegetarian vs omnivorous (nonvegetarian) patients with chronic hepatitis C infection. Two hundred and fifty-four hepatitis C virus (HCV) viremic patients with elevated alanine aminotransferase (ALT) levels, who received peginterferon plus ribavirin therapy were included in this study. Sixty-one patients (24.0%) were vegetarians and 193 patients (76.0%) were omnivores. We analyzed the sustained virological response (SVR) and compared the data between the two treatment groups using a logistic-regression model. Other possible confounding factors such as age, gender, body mass index, HCV genotype, pretreatment ALT levels and HCV viral count, type of peginterferon used, and status of cirrhosis, coronary heart disease, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus were also included in the analysis. SVR was demonstrated in 77% of the vegetarian cohort (47 out of 61 patients) and 76.2% of the omnivorous cohort (147 out of 193 patients). In the multivariate logistic-regression analysis, we found that a vegetarian diet was not associated with an increased protection against an SVR (odds ratio [OR] 1.35; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.61-2.99). HCV genotype 1b (OR 0.51; 95% CI 0.27-0.98), ALT level (OR 1.01; 95% CI 1.00-1.01), cirrhotic (OR 0.20; 95% CI 0.08-0.49), and diabetic (OR 0.22; 95% CI 0.08-0.64) at pretreatment baseline were significantly associated with a clinical SVR. A vegetarian diet exerts no influence on the treatment efficacy of peginterferon plus ribavirin cotherapy among patients with chronic hepatitis C infection. ER  - 
Ancient Thali diet: Gut microbiota, immunity, and health$$$ Diet provides macronutrients (carbohydrates, proteins, and fats), micronutrients (vitamins and minerals), and phytochemicals (non-nutrient bioactive compounds). Emerging evidence suggests that above dietary components can directly impact the composition and metabolic activity of the mammalian gut microbiota and in turn, affect both physical and mental health. There is a growing recognition that rise in chronic disease burden in Western countries may due to progressive loss of beneficial bacteria and microbial diversity. This perspective explores the possibility of using Indian thali, an ancient approach to diet that provides both fiber and different phytochemicals by incorporating a variety of plant foods in different colors. This variety helps to restore diversity in the gut bacteria and may potentially prevent or reverse chronic disease, such as colon cancer or type 2 diabetes. ER  - 
The effect of vegetarian diets on iron status in adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ BACKGROUND: Vegetarian diets exclude meat, seafood, and products containing these foods. Although the vegetarian lifestyle could lead to a better health status in adults, it may also bear risks for certain nutritional deficiencies. Cross-sectional studies and narrative reviews have shown that the iron status of vegetarians is compromised by the absence of highly bioavailable haem-iron in meatless diets and the inhibiting effect of certain components present in plant foods on non-haem iron bioavailability. METHODS: The databases Pubmed, Scopus, Embase, and Cochrane CentralRegister of Controlled Trials were searched for studies comparing serum ferritin, as the major laboratory parameter for iron status of adult vegetarians with non-vegetarian control groups. A qualitative review was conducted as well as an inverse-variance random-effects meta-analysis to pool available data. In addition the effect of vegetarian diets according to gender was investigated with a subgroup analysis. The results were validated using a sensitivity analysis. RESULTS: A total of 27 cross-sectional studies and three interventional studies were selected for the systematic review. The meta-analysis which combined data of 24 cross-sectional studies showed that adult vegetarians have significantly lower serum ferritin levels than their non-vegetarian controls (-29.71 µg/L, 95% CI [-39.69, -19.73], p < 0.01). Inclusion of semi-vegetarian diets did not change the results considerably (-23.27 µg/L, 95% CI [-29.77, -16.76], p < 0.01). The effects were more pronounced in men (-61.88 µg/L, 95% CI [-85.59, -38.17], p < 0.01) than in both premenopausal women (-17.70 μg/L, 95% CI [-29.80, -5.60], p < 0.01) and all women (-13.50 μg/L, 95% CI [-22.96, -4.04], p < 0.01), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion our results showed that vegetarians are more likely to have lower iron stores compared with non-vegetarians. However, since high iron stores are also a risk factor for certain non-communicable diseases, such as type 2 diabetes, it is recommended that not only vegetarians but also non-vegetarians should regularly control their iron status and improve their diet regarding the content and bioavailability of iron by consuming more plants and less meat. ER  - 
Projected savings in direct and indirect costs due to reduced diabetes prevalence with vegetarian diets$$$ Objectives: Plant-based diets, or “vegetarian” diets, have been shown to be associated with reduced risk of diabetes, cardiovascular disease (CVD), and cancer. Diabetes, a major risk factor for CVD, is among the most prevalent and costly conditions worldwide. The aim of the study was to evaluate the economic impact of switching to vegetarian diets, from a United States (US) societal perspective. Methods: The annual direct and indirect costs due to type 2 diabetes are initially calculated based on US population size, diabetes prevalence, and annual per-patient costs associated with diabetes. Based on diabetes rate reductions reported in the literature, and assuming that 50% of patients follow a vegetarian diet, the costs are recalculated. The number of patients with diabetes is reported with and without vegetarian diet uptake. Total direct, indirect, and overall costs are reported in 2017 US dollars. Sensitivity analyses are conducted for diabetes rate reductions reflecting different diet types, and by varying diet uptake rates. Results: A 12% reduction (∼2.7 million patients) in the number of patients with diabetes was estimated with the adoption of a vegetarian diet. This led to $23.8 billion and $9.3 billion in savings of direct and indirect costs, respectively, summing to an overall $33.1 billion. In sensitivity analyses, the savings doubled with 100% adoption and varied between $3.9 billion and $66.1 billion when different risk reduction figures and vegetarian diet types were considered. Conclusions: The results from this economic assessment suggest that the adoption of a vegetarian diet will result in considerable savings in direct and indirect costs in the US. The type of vegetarian diet chosen may have a significant role in the amount of savings predicted. ER  - 
Is it possible to reverse diabetic kidney disease with a plant-based diet?$$$ Diabetes is the leading cause of ESRD worldwide.1 With the global prevalence of diabetes increasing, rates of diabetes-induced ESRD are expected to rise, causing enormous strain on global economies as they treat this costly disease and creating a need for low-cost interventions to prevent progression of disease.1 It is known that lesions of diabetic nephropathy can be reversed with pancreas transplantation, but only after 5 years of normal glycemic levels.2 Since nearly 90% of type 2 diabetes is caused by lifestyle, we hypothesize that a similar reversal in diabetic nephropathy can be achieved with successful dietary interventions over time.3 We searched the scientific literature for lifestyle interventions that were successful in reversing diabetes. Given the ability of plant-based diets to reverse other chronic diseases, like heart disease, we limited our search to plant-based diets.4 We limit our discussion to several key articles. A recent meta-analysis of plant-based diets being used to treat diabetes showed that they were associated with an average reduction in HbA1c of 0.39% over conventional diets.5 Excluded from the meta-analysis was a randomized-controlled trial that showed a HbA1c decrease of 1.23% in patients adhering to a plant-based diet compared to a 0.38% decrease in a control group following an American Diabetes Association diet.6 The most impressive results, however, were seen in an retrospective case series of 13 individual who followed a primarily plant-based diet for 7 months. In that study, mean HbA1c fell from 8.2% to 5.8% with 8 patients having reversal of diabetes.7 Plant-based diets are capable of improving-and even reversing-diabetes in select patients. Based on results after pancreas transplantation, it is likely possible to reverse diabetic kidney lesions through less invasive means if normal glycemic levels can be achieved and maintained through dietary changes. This abstract is the first to hypothesize that reversing diabetic kidney lesions may be attainable via dietary changes. References available online. ER  - 
Impact of a Plant-Based Diet and Support on Mitigating Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Latinos Living in Medically Underserved Areas$$$ PURPOSE: To determine the impact that a high-fiber, low-fat diet, derived from mostly plant-based sources, when coupled with support has upon self-management of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Latinos from medically underserved areas (MUAs). DESIGN: Experimental randomized controlled community pilot study. SETTING: Three community clinics in MUAs located within San Bernardino County, California. PARTICIPANTS: Thirty-two randomly assigned Latinos with A1C greater than 6.4: 15 control and 17 experimental. INTERVENTION: Participants completed a 5-week education program. Researchers provided follow-up support for 17 randomly assigned experimental group participants through focus groups held at participating clinics-1, 3, and 6 months posteducation. MEASURES: Changes in fat and fiber consumption were measured using a modified Dietary Screener for Mexican Americans. Self-management was measured through the Self-Efficacy for Exercise Scale and Diabetes Quality of Life Measure. ANALYSIS: Baseline characteristics for both groups were analyzed using independent t tests and χ2 tests. A 2-way repeated-measures analysis of variance was used to analyze biometric data between baseline and 6 months for both groups. RESULTS: Mean A1C levels decreased from baseline to 6 months for both groups: control, μ1 = 9.57, μ2 = 9.49; experimental, μ1 = 8.53, μ2 = 7.31. CONCLUSION: The experimental group demonstrated a statistically significant reduction in mean A1C levels ( P = .002) when compared to the control group. ER  - 
A network meta-analysis on the comparative efficacy of different dietary approaches on glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus$$$ The aim of the present study is to assess the comparative efficacy of different dietary approaches on glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus using a systematic review of the literature. Electronic and hand searches were performed until July 2017. The inclusion criteria were defined as follows: (1) randomized trial with a dietary approach; (2) adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus; (3) outcome either HbA1c (%) and/or fasting glucose (mmol/l); (4) minimum intervention period of 12 weeks. For each outcome measure, random effects network meta-analysis was performed in order to determine the pooled effect of each intervention relative to each of the other interventions. A total of 56 trials comparing nine dietary approaches (low-fat, Vegetarian, Mediterranean, high-protein, moderate-carbohydrate, low-carbohydrate, control, low GI/GL, Palaeolithic) enrolling 4937 participants were included. For reducing HbA1c, the low-carbohydrate diet was ranked as the best dietary approach (SUCRA: 84%), followed by the Mediterranean diet (80%) and Palaeolithic diet (76%) compared to a control diet. For reducing fasting glucose, the Mediterranean diet (88%) was ranked as the best approach, followed by Palaeolithic diet (71%) and Vegetarian diet (63%). The network analysis also revealed that all dietary approaches significantly reduce HbA1c (− 0.82 to − 0.47% reduction) and fasting glucose (− 1.61 to − 1.00 mmol/l reduction) compared to a control diet. According to the network meta-analysis the Mediterranean diet is the most effective and efficacious dietary approach to improve glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes patients. ER  - 
Dietary Patterns and Cardiovascular Disease Risk in People with Type 2 Diabetes$$$ Purpose of Review: The primary objective of this review is to identify dietary patterns with beneficial effects on cardiovascular health of adults with type 2 diabetes. Recent Findings: The prevalence of diabetes is increasing globally. People with diabetes have a greater risk for cardiovascular disease. Mediterranean diet, dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet, vegetarian diet, traditional Korean diet, Japanese diet, and low-glycemic-index diet can reduce cardiovascular disease risk in people with diabetes. Summary: Dietary intake is a key modifiable factor in the management of diabetes and plays a significant role in limiting the incidence of cardiovascular diseases. ER  - 
Amino acid changes during transition to a vegan diet supplemented with fish in healthy humans$$$ Purpose: To explore whether changes in dietary protein sources can lower plasma branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs), aromatic amino acids and sulfur amino acids (SAAs) that are often elevated in the obese, insulin-resistant state and in type 2 diabetes. Methods: Thirty-six subjects (mean age 31 ± 2 years) underwent a voluntary abstinence from meat, poultry, eggs, and dairy products for 6 weeks, while enriching the diet with fish, in fulfillment of a religious fast. Subjects were assessed 1 week before the fast (V1), 1 week after initiation of the fast (V2) and in the last week of the fast (V3). Thirty-four subjects completed all three visits. Results: Fasting plasma BCAAs decreased at V2 and remained low at V3 (P < 0.001 for all). Valine showed the greatest decline, by 20 and 19 % at V2 and V3, respectively. Phenylalanine and tryptophan, but not tyrosine, also decreased at V2 and V3. The two proteinogenic SAAs, methionine and cysteine, remained stable, but the cysteine product, taurine, decreased from 92 ± 7 μmol/L to 66 ± 6 (V2; P = 0.003) and 65 ± 6 μmol/L (V3; P = 0.003). A progressive decline in plasma glutamic acid, coupled with an increase in glutamine, was observed. Plasma total and LDL cholesterol decreased at V2 and V3 (P < 0.001 for all). Conclusion: Changing dietary protein sources to plant- and fish-based sources in an ad libitum setting lowers the plasma BCAAs that have been linked to diabetes risk. These findings point to habitual diet as a potentially modifiable determinant of fasting plasma BCAA concentrations. ER  - 
The Effect of a Vegetarian vs Conventional Hypocaloric Diabetic Diet on Thigh Adipose Tissue Distribution in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Study$$$ Objective: The aim of our study was to compare the effects of a vegetarian and a conventional diet on thigh adipose tissue distribution in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Methods: Seventy-four subjects with T2D were randomly assigned to either follow a vegetarian diet (V, n = 37) or a control group who followed an isocaloric conventional anti-diabetic diet (C, n = 37). Both diets were calorie restricted (−500 kcal/day). To measure insulin sensitivity, the hyperinsulinemic (1 mU.kg−1.min−1) isoglycemic clamp was conducted. β-Cell function was assessed using a mathematical model after a test meal. Magnetic resonance imaging of the thigh was performed. All subjects were examined at 0, 3, and 6 months. Statistical analyses were performed using repeated measures analysis of variance and a multivariate regression model. Results: Greater reduction was observed in total leg area in V (−13.6 cm2 [95% confidence interval [CI], −14.2 to −12.9] in V vs −9.9 cm2 [95% CI, −10.6 to −9.2] in C; Gxt p < 0.001). The reduction in subcutaneous fat was comparable in response to both diets (Gxt, p = 0.64). Subfascial fat was reduced only in response to a vegetarian diet (−0.82 [95% CI, −1.13 to −0.55] cm2 in V vs −0.44 [95% CI, −0.78 to +0.02] cm2 in C; Gxt, p = 0.04). The reduction in intramuscular fat tended to be greater in response to a vegetarian diet (−1.78 [95% CI, −2.26 to −1.27] cm2 in V vs −0.57 [95% CI, −1.06 to −0.09] cm2 in C; Gxt, p = 0.12). Changes in subcutaneous and subfascial fat correlated with changes in glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), fasting plasma glucose, and β-cell insulin sensitivity. After adjustment for changes in body mass index (BMI), correlations remained significant for changes in fasting plasma glucose and β-cell insulin sensitivity and with changes in triglycerides. Conclusions: Our data indicate the importance of both subcutaneous and subfascial fat in relationship to glucose and lipid metabolism. Abbreviations: BMI, body mass index; C, control group; FPG, fasting plasma glucose; Gxt, interaction between group and time; HbA1c, glycated hemoglobin; MCR, metabolic clearance rate of glucose; OPLS, orthogonal projections to latent structure; T2D, type 2 diabetes; V, vegetarian group. ER  - 
Developing a comprehensive dietaryintervention strategy for Alzheimer's disease byaddressing nutritional risk factors and comorbidities$$$ Background: Late-onset Alzheimer's disease (LOAD) is the most common form of dementia. Yet, despite decades of animal model research, there are no disease-modifying drug treatments. Nonetheless, epidemiological and clinical trial studies suggest that modifying lifestyle factors could be an effective intervention. Furthermore. LOAD is often associated with nutritional risk factors and chronic diseases of metabolic, vascular, and inflammatory dysfunction, suggesting that studies of dietary factors could help identify effective therapeutic interventions for the disease. Methods: By analyzing the peer-reviewed literature, we identified modifiable risk factors of LOAD that induce metabolic, vascular, and inflammatory dysfunction. We subsequently identified human clinical trials using dietary interventions that reversed the diet-related, modifiable risk factors associated with LOAD or provided cognitive benefits with statistical significance (p < 0.05). Lastly, we assessed which food types confers protective effects for cognitive impairment with statistical significance in epidemiological studies. Results:With the exception of vitamin D and B12 deficiency, a whole plant-based diet was found to be highly effective for reversing most modifiable, lifestylerelated risk factors of LOAD, including associated comorbidities. These factors include cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, obesity, depression, hypercholesterolemia, elevated saturated fats, hyperhomocysteinemia, low vitamin levels (B6, folate, A, C, E), and elevated levels of inflammatory markers. Specific anti-inflammatory plant-derived foods were also found to promote better memory and/or cognition, including curcumin/tumeric, cumin seeds, omega-3, water hyssop, and gingko biloba. Multiple prospective and retrospective cohort studies also show that plant-based foods reduce dementia risk by a statistically significant level. Conclusions: Neurovascular inflammation and metabolic dysregulation driven mainly by poor diets likely serve as an essential underlying etiology of LOAD. Human clinical trial evidence of plant-based diets for eliminating comorbidities and risk factors of LOAD support its potential as a powerful prevention strategy. In particular, plant-based diets as well as a number of anti-inflammatory nutrients or plant-based foods have been shown to reverse cognitive deficits in clinical trials or protect against LOAD in epidemiological studies. Hence, we recommend testing of the efficacy of plant-based diets together with specific plant-based supplements in preventing or reversing LOAD in randomized controlled trials. ER  - 
The effect of a vegetarian vs. Conventional hypocaloric diabetic diet on thigh adipose tissue distribution in subjects with type 2 diabetes$$$ Objective: The aim of our study was to compare the effects of a vegetarian and a conventional diet on thigh adipose tissue distribution in subjects with T2D. Methods: 74 subjects with T2D were randomly assigned to either follow a vegetarian diet (V; n=37) or a control group who followed an isocaloric conventional antidiabetic diet (C; n=37). Both diets were calorie restricted (-500 kcal/day). To measure insulin sensitivity, the hyperinsulinemic (1 mU.kg-1. min-1) isoglycemic clamp was conducted. β-cell function was assessed using a mathematical model after a test meal. Magnetic resonance imaging of the thigh was performed. All subjects were examined at 0, 3 and 6 months. Statistical analyses were performed using repeated measures ANOVA, and a multivariate regression model. Results: The reduction in subcutaneous fat was comparable in response to both diets (Gxt, p=0.64). Subfascial fat was reduced only in response to a vegetarian diet (-0.82 [95% CI -1.13 to -0.55] cm2 in V vs. -0.44 [95% CI -0.78 to +0.02] cm2 in C; Gxt, p=0.04). The reduction in intramuscular fat tended to be greater in response to a vegetarian diet (-1.78 [-2.26 to -1.27] cm2 in V vs. -0.57 [-1.06 to -0.09] cm2 in C (Gxt, p=0.12). Changes in subcutaneous and subfascial fat correlated with changes in HbA1c (r=0.34; p<0.05), fasting plasma glucose (r=0.44; p<0.01), metabolic clearance rate of glucose (r= -0.24; p<0.05), resting energy expenditure (r=0.30; p<0.05) and β-cell insulin sensitivity (r= -0.38; p<0.05). After adjustment for changes in BMI, correlations of changes in subcutaneous and subfascial fat remained significant with changes in fasting plasma glucose (r=0.30; p<0.05) and β-cell insulin sensitivity (r= -0.34; p<0.05), and in addition with changes in triglycerides (r=0.41; p<0.05). Conclusions: Our data indicate the importance of both subcutaneous and subfascial fat in relationship to glucose and lipid metabolism. ER  - 
Vegetarian diet and all-cause mortality: Evidence from a large population-based Australian cohort - the 45 and Up Study$$$ The vegetarian diet is thought to have health benefits including reductions in type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and obesity. Evidence to date suggests that vegetarians tend to have lower mortality rates when compared with non-vegetarians, but most studies are not population-based and other healthy lifestyle factors may have confounded apparent protective effects. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between categories of vegetarian diet (including complete, semi and pesco-vegetarian) and all-cause mortality in a large population-based Australian cohort. The 45 and Up Study is a cohort study of 267,180 men and women aged ≥ 45 years in New South Wales (NSW), Australia. Vegetarian diet status was assessed by baseline questionnaire and participants were categorized into complete vegetarians, semi-vegetarians (eat meat ≤ once/week), pesco-vegetarians and regular meat eaters. All-cause mortality was determined by linked registry data to mid-2014. Cox proportional hazards models quantified the association between vegetarian diet and all-cause mortality adjusting for a range of potential confounding factors. Among 243,096 participants (mean age: 62.3 years, 46.7% men) there were 16,836 deaths over a mean 6.1 years of follow-up. Following extensive adjustment for potential confounding factors there was no significant difference in all-cause mortality for vegetarians versus non-vegetarians [HR = 1.16 (95% CI 0.93–1.45)]. There was also no significant difference in mortality risk between pesco-vegetarians [HR = 0.79 (95% CI 0.59–1.06)] or semi-vegetarians [HR = 1.12 (95% CI 0.96–1.31)] versus regular meat eaters. We found no evidence that following a vegetarian diet, semi-vegetarian diet or a pesco-vegetarian diet has an independent protective effect on all-cause mortality. ER  - 
Consistency of adherence to a vegan diet on acid-base balance: A randomized controlled trial in healthy omnivore college students$$$ Much research has focused on the health benefits of vegetarian diets. Generally, vegetarian diets are low in cholesterol and saturated fat and high in fiber and phytochemicals, diet characteristics linked to low risk for hypertension, ischemic heart disease, type 2 diabetes, and some cancers. The high fruit and vegetable intake paired with the absence of flesh foods also affords vegetarian diets an alkalizing effect in comparison to omnivorous diets, a property related to healthy metabolic profiles in terms of insulin sensitivity, hepatic function, and cardiometabolic risk. Although it is well documented that vegetarian diets, particularly vegan diets, are linked to low dietary acid loads, these diets are difficult to sustain for extended periods and <3% of Americans are reportedly vegetarian. No research has been published that describes how consistently one must follow a vegan diet to impact in vivo acid-base balance and nutrient intake profiles. This study compared the change in dietary acid load and urine pH of university students following a vegan diet for either seven (VEG7, n=8), three (VEG3, n=8), or two (VEG2, n=7) days over one week. Gender, age, and body mass index did not differ between groups (overall: 21.8±2.4 y and 24.4±5.6 kg/m2). Following the 1-wk intervention, outcome measures did not vary between the VEG2 and VEG3 groups, and these groups were collapsed for the final analyses (VEG2+3). The 24-h urine pH was raised after seven consistent days of vegan diet adherence (+0.52±0.69 units) and was unchanged after 2-3 days of vegan diet adherence over the course of a week (-0.02±0.56 units), and these changes differed significantly between groups (p=0.048). Seven consistent days of vegan diet adherence reduced the average daily dietary cholesterol intake by 156.4±115.5 mg compared to a 92.3±144.9 mg reduction for individuals adhering to a vegan diet 2 or 3 days per week (p<0.001). Fiber and sodium intakes tended to improve to a greater degree in the VEG7 group in comparison to the VEG2+3 group, but these differences did not achieve statistical significance (0.05<p<0.10). There were no differences for the change in daily energy intakes or daily fat intakes between groups during the 1-week intervention. Thus, there were measurable health benefits for omnivores who adhered to a vegan diet for seven consecutive days that were not observed in omnivores who adhered to a vegan diet 2 or 3 days per week. ER  - 
Plant-based diets and the risk of coronary heart disease in US adults$$$ Plant-based diets are recommended for coronary heart disease (CHD) prevention. However, all plant foods are not necessarily beneficial. In addition, prior studies have defined plant-based diets dichotomously as 'vegetarian' diets; it is not clear how gradual reductions in animal food intake affect cardiovascular health. Thus we aimed to evaluate how graded plant-based diet indices prospectively relate with CHD. We included 73,710 women in the Nurses' Health Study (NHS), 92,329 women in NHS2, and 43,247 men in the Health Professionals Follow-up Study (HPFS), free of chronic diseases at baseline (1984 for NHS, 1991 for NHS2, and 1986 for HPFS). We created an overall plant-based diet index (PDI) from dietary data collected every 4 years using food frequency questionnaires, by assigning positive scores to plant foods and reverse scores to animal foods. We also created a healthful PDI (hPDI) where healthy plant foods (whole grains, fruits/vegetables, nuts/legumes, oils, tea/coffee) received positive scores, while less healthy plant foods (juices/sweetened beverages, refined grains, potato/fries, sweets) and animal foods received reverse scores. We created an unhealthful PDI (uPDI) by assigning positive scores to less healthy plant foods, and reverse scores to healthy plant foods and animal foods. The indices were cumulatively averaged over the followup till development of major outcomes (type 2 diabetes, stroke, and cancer). Over 4,774,135 person-years of follow-up, we documented 7880 cases of CHD. After pooling across the cohorts and adjusting for confounders, the overall plantbased diet was inversely associated with CHD (HR comparing extreme deciles: 0.90, 95% CI: 0.81-1.00; p trend=0.002). This inverse association was stronger for hPDI (HR comparing extreme deciles: 0.74, 95% CI: 0.66-0.82; p trend<0.001). On the other hand, uPDI was positively associated with CHD (HR comparing extreme deciles: 1.37, 95% CI: 1.24-1.53; p trend<0.001). The results were largely unchanged when we adjusted for additional variables, continuously updated the indices throughout follow-up, used baseline values of the indices, used the most recent index scores before CHD diagnosis, and when we stopped updating the indices when intermediate conditions such as hypertension developed (Fig 1). The inverse association of hPDI with CHD was consistently observed across strata defined by age, body mass index, CHD family history, and smoking status. Plant-based diets, especially when rich in healthier plant foods, are associated with substantially lower risk of developing CHD. These findings support current recommendations to increase intake of healthy plant foods, while reducing intake of less healthy plant foods and certain animal foods. Future research should explore the biological mechanisms involved in the potentially cardio-protective effects of healthful plant-based diets. ER  - 
Impact of different dietary approaches on glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes: A protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis$$$ Background: Dietary advice is one of the cornerstones in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus. The American Diabetes Association recommended a hypocaloric diet for overweight or obese adults with type 2 diabetes in order to induce weight loss. However, there is limited evidence on the optimal approaches to control hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes patients. The aim of the present study is to assess the comparative efficacy of different dietary approaches on glycemic control and blood lipids in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in a systematic review including a standard pairwise and network meta-analysis of randomized trials. Methods and design: We will conduct searches in Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) on the Cochrane Library, PubMed (from 1966), and Google Scholar. Citations, abstracts, and relevant papers will be screened for eligibility by two reviewers independently. Randomized controlled trials (with a control group or randomized trials with at least two intervention groups) will be included if they meet the following criteria: (1) include type 2 diabetes mellitus, (2) include patients aged ≥18 years, (3) include dietary intervention (different type of diets: e.g., Mediterranean dietary pattern, low-carbohydrate diet, low-fat diet, vegetarian diet, high protein diet); either hypo, iso-caloric, or ad libitum diets, (4) minimum intervention period of 12 weeks. For each outcome measure of interest, random effects pairwise and network meta-analyses will be performed in order to determine the pooled relative effect of each intervention relative to every other intervention in terms of the post-intervention values (or mean differences between the changes from baseline value scores). Subgroup analyses are planned for study length, sample size, age, and sex. Discussion: This systematic review will synthesize the available evidence on the comparative efficacy of different dietary approaches in the management of glycosylated hemoglobin (primary outcome), fasting glucose, and cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. The results of the present network meta-analysis will influence evidence-based treatment decisions since it will be fundamental for based recommendations in the management of type 2 diabetes. Systematic review registration: PROSPERO 42016047464 ER  - 
Vegetarian diets in the prevention and management of diabetes and its complications$$$ Epidemiological studies have found a lower prevalence of type 2 diabetes among vegetarians compared to nonvegetarians. This reduced risk is likely a function of improved weight status, higher intake of dietary fiber, and the absence of animal protein and heme iron in the diet. Interventional studies have shown that vegetarian diets, especially a vegan diet, are effective tools in glycemic control and that these diets control plasma glucose to a greater level than do control diets, including diets traditionally recommended for patients with diabetes (e.g., diets based on carbohydrate counting). Vegetarian diets are associated with improvement in secondary outcomes such as weight reduction, serum lipid profile, and blood pressure. Studies indicate that vegetarian diets can be universally used in type 2 diabetes prevention and as tools to improve blood glucose management. ER  - 
Epigenetic clock analysis of diet, exercise, education, and lifestyle factors$$$ Behavioral and lifestyle factors have been shown to relate to a number of health-related outcomes, yet there is a need for studies that examine their relationship to molecular aging rates. Toward this end, we use recent epigenetic biomarkers of age that have previously been shown to predict all-cause mortality, chronic conditions, and age-related functional decline. We analyze cross-sectional data from 4,173 postmenopausal female participants from the Women's Health Initiative, as well as 402 male and female participants from the Italian cohort study, Invecchiare nel Chianti.Extrinsic epigenetic age acceleration (EEAA) exhibits significant associations with fish intake (p=0.02), moderate alcohol consumption (p=0.01), education (p=3x10-5), BMI (p=0.01), and blood carotenoid levels (p=1x10-5)-an indicator of fruit and vegetable consumption, whereas intrinsic epigenetic age acceleration (IEAA) is associated with poultry intake (p=0.03) and BMI (p=0.05). Both EEAA and IEAA were also found to relate to indicators of metabolic syndrome, which appear to mediate their associations with BMI. Metformin-the first-line medication for the treatment of type 2 diabetes-does not delay epigenetic aging in this observational study. Finally, longitudinal data suggests that an increase in BMI is associated with increase in both EEAA and IEAA.Overall, the epigenetic age analysis of blood confirms the conventional wisdom regarding the benefits of eating a high plant diet with lean meats, moderate alcohol consumption, physical activity, and education, as well as the health risks of obesity and metabolic syndrome. ER  - 
A plant-based diet for the prevention and treatment of type 2 diabetes$$$ The prevalence of type 2 diabetes is rising worldwide, especially in older adults. Diet and lifestyle, particularly plant-based diets, are effective tools for type 2 diabetes prevention and management. Plant-based diets are eating patterns that emphasize legumes, whole grains, vegetables, fruits, nuts, and seeds and discourage most or all animal products. Cohort studies strongly support the role of plant-based diets, and food and nutrient components of plant-based diets, in reducing the risk of type 2 diabetes. Evidence from observational and interventional studies demonstrates the benefits of plant-based diets in treating type 2 diabetes and reducing key diabetes-related macrovascular and microvascular complications. Optimal macronutrient ratios for preventing and treating type 2 diabetes are controversial; the focus should instead be on eating patterns and actual foods. However, the evidence does suggest that the type and source of carbohydrate (unrefined versus refined), fats (monounsaturated and polyunsaturated versus saturated and trans), and protein (plant versus animal) play a major role in the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes. Multiple potential mechanisms underlie the benefits of a plant-based diet in ameliorating insulin resistance, including promotion of a healthy body weight, increases in fiber and phytonutrients, food-microbiome interactions, and decreases in saturated fat, advanced glycation endproducts, nitrosamines, and heme iron. ER  - 
Paradigm shifts in nutrition therapy for type 2 diabetes - nutrition therapy for diabetes -$$$ Currently, the low-energy diet is the only recognized nutrition therapy for type 2 diabetes in Japan. However, in recent decades, many foreign scientific organizations have accepted various nutritional approaches to manage diabetes, such as the low-carbohydrate diet, the Mediterranean diet, diet approaches to stop hypertension (DASH), and the vegetarian diet. Moreover, growing evidence has called into question classical nutritional approaches such as the low-fat diet for the prevention of cardiovascular disease and the low-protein diet for the prevention of diabetic kidney disease. Similarly, the recommended nutrition therapy for diabetes may change in near future. Such changes in nutrition therapy must be dynamic and based on not only scientific evidence but also each patient’s narrative. ER  - 
The BROAD study: A randomised controlled trial using a whole food plant-based diet in the community for obesity, ischaemic heart disease or diabetes$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: There is little randomised evidence using a whole food plant-based (WFPB) diet as intervention for elevated body mass index (BMI) or dyslipidaemia. We investigated the effectiveness of a community-based dietary programme. Primary end points: BMI and cholesterol at 6 months (subsequently extended). SUBJECTS: Ages 35-70, from one general practice in Gisborne, New Zealand. Diagnosed with obesity or overweight and at least one of type 2 diabetes, ischaemic heart disease, hypertension or hypercholesterolaemia. Of 65 subjects randomised (control n = 32, intervention n=33), 49 (75.4%) completed the study to 6 months. Twenty-three (70%) intervention participants were followed up at 12 months. METHODS: All participants received normal care. Intervention participants attended facilitated meetings twice-weekly for 12 weeks, and followed a non-energy-restricted WFPB diet with Vitamin B12 supplementation. RESULTS: At 6 months, mean BMI reduction was greater with the WFPB diet compared with normal care (4.4 vs 0.4, difference: 3.9 kg m-2 (95% confidence interval (CI)± 1), P<0.0001). Mean cholesterol reduction was greater with the WFPB diet, but the difference was not significant compared with normal care (0.71 vs 0.26, difference: 0.45 mmol l-1 (95% CI ±0.54), P=0.1), unless dropouts were excluded (difference: 0.56 mmol l-1 (95% CI± 0.54), P=0.05). Twelve-month mean reductions for the WFPB diet group were 4.2 (±0.8) kg m-2 BMI points and 0.55 (±0.54, P =0.05) mmol l-1 total cholesterol. No serious harms were reported. CONCLUSIONS: This programme led to significant improvements in BMI, cholesterol and other risk factors. To the best of our knowledge, this research has achieved greater weight loss at 6 and 12 months than any other trial that does not limit energy intake or mandate regular exercise. ER  - 
Role of dairy products in vegetarians$$$ Vegetarian diet includes relatively large amounts of cereals, legumes, nuts, fruits, green leafy vegetables usually high in carbohydrates, n-6 fatty acids, beta carotene, folic acid, Vitamin C, Vitamin E, iron and magnesium whereas it is relatively low in protein, saturated fat, long chain n-3 fatty acids, retinol, vitamin B12, Vitamin D, calcium and zinc. There is inadequacy of micronutrients amongst vegetarians and suggesting a need to ensure daily intake of specific vitamins and minerals. Vegans have lower BMI and total serum cholesterol and reported to have reduced risk of cardio vascular disease, type 2 diabetes and certain forms of cancer. Whether these observations relate to dietary habits only or by a healthier lifestyle, less smoking, good physical activity is unsettled. The dairy food contains most of the micronutrients and minerals in sufficient quantity that can maintain the adequacy and good health if consumed regularly. More than two daily servings of dairy products significantly improves vitamin B12 status, lowers blood pressure and reduces adipose tissue mass. Hence, vegetarians if include dairy products in their daily diet (lactovegetarians) can assure that adequate amount of essential nutrients are consumed. The present review will highlight the role dairy products in vegetarians. ER  - 
A study of dietary habits and early renal damage in diabetes mellitus patients$$$ Introduction: Diabetes mellitus type 2 (DM2) is a clinical syndrome characterized by hyperglycemia, due to impaired insulin secretion and its function. The risk factors for diabetes mellitus are obesity, diet, sedentary lifestyle, increased age, family history and metabolic syndrome. Aims and Objectives: 1) Toknow whether there is any relationship between DM2 and high sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) and microalbuminuria. 2) To compare the same in patients on vegetarian and mixed diet. Materials and Methods: In the present study, a total of 70 DM2 patients of both sex were selected randomly from OPD and IPD of the tertiary care hospital. Of whom 35 were on vegetarian diet (group I) and 30 were on mixed diet (group II). Results: The hsCRP and urine microprotein levels were more increased in group II than group I and it was statistically significant, when gender wise comparision of hsCRP and urine microprotein was done in group I and group II, it was more increased in group II than group I and was not statistically significant. Conclusion: The present helps to understand that a simpl change in the dietary habits will be helpful to control the extent of renal damage and other associated complications in DM2 patients. ER  - 
METFORMIN CAN LEAD to FUNCTIONAL VITAMIN B12 DEFICIENCY$$$ Metformin interferes with vitamin B12 absorption and metabolism. This case illustrates an 87 year-old previously-independent man presenting with progressive gait unsteadiness over one week (assistance of two for transfers) and ascending numbness of the feet (like "walking on ice"). He had a vegetarian diet and past medical history was notable for eight years of type 2 diabetes mellitus (on Metformin 500 mg bd since diagnosis) and recent deep-vein thrombosis likely due to the two-month history of declining mobility. On examination, there was normal tone and full power but lower-limb areflexia with withdrawal plantars. Proprioception was impaired at the wrists and ankles, vibration was absent below the sternum and distal to the wrists. Blood tests revealed very low B12 (81 pg/ml). Further tests for infectious (including syphilis) and non-infectious myelopathy (including copper levels) were normal. Electromyogram and nerve-conduction studies were also normal. MRI spine was normal on admission but three weeks later showed increased T2 signal in the dorsal and central spinal cord with mild cord expansion (C4-T3 and T10-L1), which was consistent with subacute combined degeneration of the spinal cord. He had a non-cellular CSF. Long-term B12 supplementation and switching Metformin to Sitagliptin normalized B12. After six months of rehabilitation, he could walk independently with a stick but there was persistent lower-limb ataxia and sensory deficits (with residual high T2 signal). This patient had multiple risk factors for developing B12 deficiency: vegetarianism, age, diabetes mellitus and Metformin use. This case highlights the potential need to screen for B12 deficiency in at-risk populations. ER  - 
Genetic polymorphisms of eNOS (-786T/C, Intron 4b/4a & 894G/T) and its association with asymptomatic first degree relatives of coronary heart disease patients$$$ Background The eNOS gene has been extensively screened for important variations in the promoter (-786T/C), Intron 4 (4b/4a) and exon 7 (894G/T) regions in multiple diseases. Prevalence of Coronary Heart Disease (CHD) is much higher in young Indians when compared to other ethnic groups and first-degree relatives (FDRS) of CHD patients are at risk correlating with earlier age-of-onset and poor prognosis. Objective The objective of this study is to understand the genetic mechanism of eNOS -786T/C, Intron 4b/4a and 894G/T polymorphisms/haplotypes in the development of CHD and to identify individuals having coronary risk factors among the FDRS of CHD patients by comparing them with the general population. Materials & methods The study population consisted of 300 CHD patients with angiographically documented, 100 FDRS and 300 age and sex matched healthy controls. Genotyping of eNOS -786T/C, Intron 4b/4a was carried out by Allele specific-Polymerase Chain Reaction (As-PCR) and 894G/T by PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) assays. Results The frequency of risk factors for CHD includes age, blood pressure, obesity, diabetes mellitus, smoking, non-vegetarian diet, family history are higher in CHD patients and FDRS compared to controls (p < 0.01). The genotype distribution, allele frequencies and haplotypes of the eNOS -786T/C, 4b/4a and 894G/T were significantly different between CHD patients, FDRS and controls. eNOS gene haplotypes GCB, TCB (G-allele of 894G/T, C-allele -786T/C, B-allele of Intron 4b/4a respectively) were associated with high nitrite/nitrate levels compared to GTB in both FDRS and CHD patients (p < 0.01). Conclusion The study shows the importance of eNOS polymorphism in the pathogenesis of CHD and predicting the risk of future coronary events in asymptomatic healthy FDRS and suggests the use of new therapeutics and initiating the measures for prevention or delaying the progression of the disease by life style modification or treatment modalities in high-risk individuals. ER  - 
“$$$A vegetarian vs. conventional hypocaloric diet: The effect on physical fitness in response to aerobic exercise in patients with type 2 diabetes.” A parallel randomized study; It has been shown that it is possible to modify macronutrient oxidation, physical fitness and resting energy expenditure (REE) by changes in diet composition. Furthermore, mitochondrial oxidation can be significantly increased by a diet with a low glycemic index. The purpose of our trial was to compare the effects of a vegetarian (V) and conventional diet (C) with the same caloric restriction (-500 kcal/day) on physical fitness and REE after 12 weeks of diet plus aerobic exercise in 74 patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). An open, parallel, randomized study design was used. All meals were provided for the whole study duration. An individualized exercise program was prescribed to the participants and was conducted under supervision. Physical fitness was measured by spiroergometry and indirect calorimetry was performed at the start and after 12 weeks Repeated-measures ANOVA (Analysis of variance) models with between-subject (group) and within-subject (time) factors and interactions were used for evaluation of the relationships between continuous variables and factors. Maximal oxygen consumption (VO2max) increased by 12% in vegetarian group (V) (F = 13.1, p < 0.001, partial η2 = 0.171), whereas no significant change was observed in C (F = 0.7, p = 0.667; group × time F = 9.3, p = 0.004, partial η2 = 0.209). Maximal performance (Watt max) increased by 21% in V (F = 8.3, p < 0.001, partial η2 = 0.192), whereas it did not change in C (F = 1.0, p = 0.334; group × time F = 4.2, p = 0.048, partial h2 = 0.116). Our results indicate that V leads more effectively to improvement in physical fitness than C after aerobic exercise program. ER  - 
Health outcomes of vegetarian nutrition – An update$$$ Vegetarianism is characterized not by a uniform kind of diet but is practiced in various variants. The two major forms are lacto-ovo-vegetarian and vegan diets. Vegetarians living in Western countries not only differ in their diets but also in their lifestyle from the average population. Vegetarian diets are associated with a 40 – 50% reduced risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Also, vegetarians have a 20 – 30% lower risk of ischemic heart disease. Furthermore, cancer risk is reduced by 8 – 15% in vegetarians, compared with non-vegetarians. However, there are no significant differences in cancer mortality in vegetarians compared with meat eaters. With respect to bone health, vegetarian diets have no benefits. Also, all-cause mortality did not differ between vegetarians and comparable non-vegetarians. Based on a broad food selection, lacto-ovovegetarian diets rich in vegetables, fruits, legumes, whole grains, seeds and nuts, complemented by moderate portions of dairy products and eggs, meets the dietary requirements of adults in the general population (exceptions: Vitamin D and iodine as well as potential deficiencies in iron, zinc and possibly in long-chain omega-3 fatty acids). Risk of nutritional deficiencies is greater by practicing a vegan diet compared to lacto-ovo-vegetarian diets. To avoid nutritional deficiencies, appropriate nutrition knowledge, wider food selection and supplementation of “critical” nutrients or the consumption of fortified foods with Vitamin B12 and D, iodine and possibly microalgae preparations rich in DHA and EPA is recommended. ER  - 
Legume consumption and its association with fasting glucose, insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes in the Indian Migration Study$$$ OBJECTIVE: Legume consumption is associated with lower fasting glucose (FG) and insulin levels in nutrition trials and lower CVD mortality in large-scale epidemiological studies. In India, legumes are widely consumed in various preparations, yet no epidemiological study has evaluated the association of legumes with FG levels, insulin resistance and diabetes risk. The present study aimed to fill this gap. DESIGN: Fasting blood samples, in-person interviews to obtain information on demographic/socio-economic factors, physical activity, alcohol and tobacco use, and anthropometric measurements were collected. Dietary intakes were assessed by an interviewer-administered, validated, semi-quantitative FFQ. SETTING: Lucknow, Nagpur, Hyderabad and Bangalore, India. SUBJECTS: Men and women (n 6367) aged 15-76 years - urban residents, urban migrants and their rural siblings. RESULTS: In multivariate random-effects models adjusted for age, BMI, total energy intake, macronutrients, physical activity and rural/migration status, daily legume consumption was not associated with FG (P-for-trend=0·78), insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment score; P-for-trend=0·73) or the prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (P-for-trend=0·41). Stratified analyses by vegetarian diet and migration status did not change the findings. Inverse associations between legumes and FG emerged for participants with lower BMI and higher carbohydrate, protein, fat and sugar intakes. CONCLUSIONS: Although legumes are essential in traditional Indian diets, as well as in prudent and Mediterranean diets in the West, we did not find an association between legumes and markers of glycaemic control, insulin resistance or diabetes, except for subgroups based on BMI and macronutrient intake. The ubiquitous presence and complexity of legume preparations in Indian diets may contribute to these findings. ER  - 
A Comprehensive Review of the Literature Supporting Recommendations From the Canadian Diabetes Association for the Use of a Plant-Based Diet for Management of Type 2 Diabetes$$$ Type 2 diabetes mellitus is considered one of the fastest growing diseases in Canada, representing a serious public health concern. Thus, clinicians have begun targeting modifiable risk factors to manage type 2 diabetes, including dietary patterns such as a plant-based diets (PBDs). The Canadian Diabetes Association has included PBDs among the recommended dietary patterns to be used in medical nutrition therapy for persons with type 2 diabetes. To support knowledge translation, this review summarizes the current literature relating to PBDs and the prevalence of type 2 diabetes, its clinical applications and its acceptability in the management of type 2 diabetes as well as its application in community settings. This comprehensive review seeks to close the literature gap by providing background and rationale to support the use of PBDs as medical nutrition therapy. Within this review is support from large observational studies, which have shown that PBDs were associated with lower prevalence of type 2 diabetes. As well, intervention studies have shown that PBDs were just as effective, if not more effective, than other diabetes diets in improving body weight, cardiovascular risk factors, insulin sensitivity, glycated hemoglobin levels, oxidative stress markers and renovascular markers. Furthermore, patient acceptability was comparable to other diabetes diets, and PBDs reduced the need for diabetes medications. Diabetes education centres in Canada could improve patients' perceptions of PBDs by developing PBD-focused education and support as well as providing individualized counselling sessions addressing barriers to change. The development of more standardized and user-friendly PBD practice guidelines could overcome the disparity in recommendations and, thereby, increase how frequently practitioners recommend PBDs. Based on current published research, PBDs lend support in the management of type 2 diabetes. ER  - 
Lifestyle modification interventions differing in intensity and dietary stringency improve insulin resistance through changes in lipoprotein profiles$$$ Objective: Metabolic dysfunction characterized by insulin resistance (IR) is an important risk factor for type-2 diabetes and coronary artery disease (CAD). The aim of this study was to determine if clinical lifestyle interventions differing in scope and intensity improve IR, defined by the lipoprotein IR (LPIR) score, in individuals differing in the severity of metabolic dysfunction. Methods: Subjects with diagnosed type-2 diabetes, CAD or significant risk factors participated in one of two clinical lifestyle modification interventions: (i) intensive non-randomized programme with a strict vegetarian diet (n = 90 participants, 90 matched controls) or (ii) moderate randomized trial following a Mediterranean-style diet (n = 89 subjects, 58 controls). On-treatment and intention-to-treat analyses assessed changes over 1 year in LPIR, lipoprotein profiles and metabolic risk factors in intervention participants and controls in both programmes. Results: In the on-treatment analysis, both interventions led to weight loss: [−8.9% (95% CI, −10.3 to −7.4), intensive programme; −2.8% (95% CI, −3.8 to −1.9), moderate programme; adjusted P < 0.001] and a decrease in the LPIR score [−13.3% (95% CI, −18.2 to −8.3), intensive; −8.8% (95% CI, −12.9 to −4.7), moderate; adjusted P < 0.01] compared with respective controls. Of the six lipoprotein parameters comprising LPIR, only large very-low-density lipoprotein particle concentrations decreased significantly in participants compared with controls in both programmes [−26.3% (95% CI, −43.0 to −9.6), intensive; −14.2% (95% CI, −27.4 to −1.0), moderate; P < 0.05]. Intention-to-treat analysis confirmed and strengthened the primary results. Conclusion: A stringent lifestyle modification intervention with a vegetarian diet and a moderate lifestyle modification intervention following a Mediterranean diet were both effective for improving IR defined by the LPIR score. ER  - 
Is adjunctive naturopathy associated with improved glycaemic control and a reduction in need for medications among type 2 Diabetes patients? A prospective cohort study from India$$$ Background: With an estimated 65 million Diabetes Mellitus(DM) patients, India ranks second in the world in terms of DM burden. The emphasis of current medical practice has been on pharmacotherapy but, despite the best combination therapies, acheiving glycaemic control(reduction of blood sugar to desirable levels) is a challenge. 'Integrated Naturopathy and Yoga'(INY) is an alternative system of medicine that lays emphasis on the role of diet and physical exercise. We assessed the short term effect of INY as an adjunct to pharmacotherapy on glycaemic control among type 2 DM patients. Methods: In this prospective cohort study with a 3 month follow-up, DM patients consecutively admitted to a hospital in India from May-October 2014 for either 15 or30 days were offered INY - a package of vegetarian diet with no added oil, sugar and salt, yoga-based exercise, patient counselling and rest. A 'favourable outcome' was defined as glycaemic control (glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c)<7% or absolute reduction by 1%) along with at least 50% reduction in antidiabetes medication at 3 months relative to baseline. Compliance to diet was scored by self-report on a scale of 0-10 and categorized into poor (0-5), moderate (6-8) and excellent (9-10). Results: Of 101 patients with 3-month follow-up data, 65(65 %) achieved a favourable outcome - with 19(19%) stopping medication while sustaining glycemic control. Factors associated with favourable outcome were baseline HbA1c and compliance to diet, which showed a significant linear relationship with mean HbA1c reductions of 0.4%, 1.1% and 1.7% in relation to poor, moderate and excellent dietary compliance respectively. Conclusion: INY, adjunctive to pharmacotherapy, was associated with a significant beneficial effect on glycaemic control and reduced the overall need for antidiabetes medications. These early results are promising. Further studies with long-term follow-up and using more rigorous randomized controlled trial designs are needed. ER  - 
Effect of a brown rice based vegan diet and conventional diabetic diet on glycemic control of patients with type 2 diabetes: A 12-week randomized clinical trial$$$ Objective: Several intervention studies have suggested that vegetarian or vegan diets have clinical benefits, particularly in terms of glycemic control, in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D); however, no randomized controlled trial has been conducted in Asians who more commonly depend on plant-based foods, as compared to Western populations. Here, we aimed to compare the effect of a vegan diet and conventional diabetic diet on glycemic control among Korean individuals. Materials and Methods: Participants diagnosed with T2D were randomly assigned to follow either a vegan diet (excluding animal-based food including fish; n = 46) or a conventional diet recommended by the Korean Diabetes Association 2011 (n = 47) for 12 weeks. HbA1c levels were measured at weeks 0, 4, and 12, and the primary study endpoint was the change in HbA1c levels over 12 weeks. Results: The mean HbA1c levels at weeks 0, 4, and 12 were 7.7%, 7.2%, and 7.1% in the vegan group, and 7.4%, 7.2%, and 7.2% in the conventional group, respectively. Although both groups showed significant reductions in HbA1C levels, the reductions were larger in the vegan group than in the conventional group (-0.5% vs. -0.2%; p-for-interaction = 0.017). When only considering participants with high compliance, the difference in HbA1c level reduction between the groups was found to be larger (-0.9% vs. -0.3%). The beneficial effect of vegan diets was noted even after adjusting for changes in total energy intake or waist circumference over the 12 weeks. Conclusion: Both diets led to reductions in HbA1c levels; however, glycemic control was better with the vegan diet than with the conventional diet. Thus, the dietary guidelines for patients with T2D should include a vegan diet for the better management and treatment. However, further studies are needed to evaluate the long-term effects of a vegan diet, and to identify potential explanations of the underlying mechanisms. Trial Registration: CRiS KCT0001771. ER  - 
Plant-Based Dietary Patterns and Incidence of Type 2 Diabetes in US Men and Women: Results from Three Prospective Cohort Studies$$$ Background: Plant-based diets have been recommended to reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D). However, not all plant foods are necessarily beneficial. We examined the association of an overall plant-based diet and hypothesized healthful and unhealthful versions of a plant-based diet with T2D incidence in three prospective cohort studies in the US. Methods and Findings: We included 69,949 women from the Nurses’ Health Study (1984–2012), 90,239 women from the Nurses’ Health Study 2 (1991–2011), and 40,539 men from the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study (1986–2010), free of chronic diseases at baseline. Dietary data were collected every 2–4 y using a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Using these data, we created an overall plant-based diet index (PDI), where plant foods received positive scores, while animal foods (animal fats, dairy, eggs, fish/seafood, poultry/red meat, miscellaneous animal-based foods) received reverse scores. We also created a healthful plant-based diet index (hPDI), where healthy plant foods (whole grains, fruits, vegetables, nuts, legumes, vegetable oils, tea/coffee) received positive scores, while less healthy plant foods (fruit juices, sweetened beverages, refined grains, potatoes, sweets/desserts) and animal foods received reverse scores. Lastly, we created an unhealthful plant-based diet index (uPDI) by assigning positive scores to less healthy plant foods and reverse scores to healthy plant foods and animal foods. We documented 16,162 incident T2D cases during 4,102,369 person-years of follow-up. In pooled multivariable-adjusted analysis, both PDI and hPDI were inversely associated with T2D (PDI: hazard ratio [HR] for extreme deciles 0.51, 95% CI 0.47–0.55, p trend < 0.001; hPDI: HR for extreme deciles 0.55, 95% CI 0.51–0.59, p trend < 0.001). The association of T2D with PDI was considerably attenuated when we additionally adjusted for body mass index (BMI) categories (HR 0.80, 95% CI 0.74–0.87, p trend < 0.001), while that with hPDI remained largely unchanged (HR 0.66, 95% CI 0.61–0.72, p trend < 0.001). uPDI was positively associated with T2D even after BMI adjustment (HR for extreme deciles 1.16, 95% CI 1.08–1.25, p trend < 0.001). Limitations of the study include self-reported diet assessment, with the possibility of measurement error, and the potential for residual or unmeasured confounding given the observational nature of the study design. Conclusions: Our study suggests that plant-based diets, especially when rich in high-quality plant foods, are associated with substantially lower risk of developing T2D. This supports current recommendations to shift to diets rich in healthy plant foods, with lower intake of less healthy plant and animal foods. ER  - 
The effect of a vegetarian versus conventional hypocaloric diet on serum concentrations of persistent organic pollutants in patients with type 2 diabetes$$$ Background and aims: The aim of this study was to explore the effect of a vegetarian versus conventional diet on the serum levels of persistent organic pollutants (POPs) in patients with T2D after 12 weeks of dietary intervention and to assess their relationships with metabolic parameters. Methods and results: Men and women with T2D were randomly assigned to follow either a vegetarian diet without fish or meat (n = 37) or an isocaloric conventional antidiabetic diet (n = 37). Both diets were energy restricted (minus 500 kcal/day). All foods were provided to the participants. At randomization (week 0) and 12 weeks, the meal test was performed to assess the β-cell function and serum levels of 24 POPs. Dioxins and dioxin-like POPs were analyzed by isotope dilution high-resolution gas chromatography (HRGC) and mass spectrometry after cleanup of the silica and carbon columns. Non-dioxin-like POPs were analyzed by gas chromatography with an electron capture detector (GC-ECD). Statistical analyses used were repeated-measures analysis of variance (ANOVA), a multivariate regression model, and Pearson's correlations.We observed a statistically nonsignificant trend toward increases in the serum levels of most POPs in response to both hypocaloric diets with no differences between groups. In the groups combined, the change in serum concentrations of total POPs was correlated to changes in HbA1c (r = +0.34; p < 0.01), fasting plasma glucose (r = +0.41; p < 0.01) levels, and β-cell function measured as insulin secretion at a reference glucose level (r = -0.37; p < 0.01), independent of the changes in body weight and volume of visceral fat. Conclusion: Short-term hypocaloric vegetarian and conventional diets did not reduce the POP levels, possibly due to mobilization of fat stores. Our findings support the relationship between POPs and diabetes, especially β-cell function. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00883038, completed. ER  - 
Cardiac interventions differing in lifestyle modification intensity improve insulin resistance through changes in lipoprotein profiles$$$ Background: Metabolic dysfunction characterized by insulin resistance (IR) is an important risk factor for type-2 diabetes and coronary artery disease (CAD). The Lipoprotein Insulin Resistance (LP-IR) index, derived from measures of lipoprotein subclass particle concentration and size, is useful for assessing IR and identifying patients with increased diabetes/CAD risk Hypothesis: This study addressed the hypothesis that lifestyle modification programs differing in scope and intensity both improve IR through changes in lipoprotein profiles Methods: Patients with CAD or significant CAD risk factors participated in one of two clinical lifestyle interventions: 1) an intensive nonrandomized program with a strict vegetarian diet (n=90 subjects, 90 matched controls) or 2) a moderate randomized trial following a Mediterranean-style diet (n=89 participants, 58 controls). On-treatment and intention-to-treat analyses used regression modelling adjusted for CAD risk factors and lipid-lowering medication use to assess changes over one year in LP-IR, lipoprotein profiles, and CAD risk factors in intervention and control participants in both programs Results: Participants in the intensive lifestyle intervention had poorer baseline cardiovascular health than patients in the moderate program. In the on-treatment analysis, both lifestyle interventions led to weight loss [-8.9% (95% CI: -10.3, -7.4), intensive program; -2.8% (95% CI: -3.8, -1.9), moderate program; adjusted p<0.001] and a decrease in the LP-IR index [-13.3% (95% CI: -18.2, -8.3), intensive; -8.8% (95% CI: -12.9, -4.7), moderate; adjusted p<0.01] compared to respective controls over one year. Of the six lipoprotein parameters comprising LP-IR, only large very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) particle concentrations decreased significantly in patients compared to controls in both programs [-26.3% (95% CI: -43.0, -9.6), intensive; -14.2% (95% CI: -27.4, -1.0), moderate; p<0.05]. Intention-to-treat analysis confirmed and strengthened the primary results Discussion: In conclusion, moderate lifestyle modification following a Mediterranean diet is comparable to a stringent intervention with a vegetarian diet for improving IR defined by the LP-IR index. Significant reductions in large VLDL particles may drive improvement in IR irrespective of the magnitude of lifestyle changes. ER  - 
Associations between vitamin B-12 status and oxidative stress and inflammation in diabetic vegetarians and omnivores$$$ Diabetes is considered an oxidative stress and a chronic inflammatory disease. The purpose of this study was to investigate the correlations between vitamin B-12 status and oxidative stress and inflammation in diabetic vegetarians and omnivores. We enrolled 154 patients with type 2 diabetes (54 vegetarians and 100 omnivores). Levels of fasting glucose, glycohemoglobin (HbA1c), lipid profiles, oxidative stress, antioxidant enzymes activity, and inflammatory makers were measured. Diabetic vegetarians with higher levels of vitamin B-12 (>250 pmol/L) had significantly lower levels of fasting glucose, HbA1c and higher antioxidant enzyme activity (catalase) than those with lower levels of vitamin B-12 (≤250 pmol/L). A significant association was found between vitamin B-12 status and fasting glucose (r = -0.17, p = 0.03), HbA1c (r = -0.33, p = 0.02), oxidative stress (oxidized low density lipoprotein-cholesterol, r = -0.19, p = 0.03), and antioxidant enzyme activity (catalase, r = 0.28, p = 0.01) in the diabetic vegetarians; vitamin B-12 status was significantly correlated with inflammatory markers (interleukin-6, r = -0.33, p < 0.01) in diabetic omnivores. As a result, we suggest that it is necessary to monitor the levels of vitamin B-12 in patients with diabetes, particularly those adhering to a vegetarian diet. ER  - 
Lifestyle interventions stop metabolic syndrome$$$ Background: Remission of metabolic syndrome has been documented with gastric banding surgery. We document a clinical case of remission with lifestyle interventions. Hypothesis: A long term whole food plant based diet (WFBD) and lifestyle changes could potentially stop the metabolic syndrome. Methods: A 58 year old Caucasian from the US participated of a program in Weimar California. He had a history of diabetes mellitus type 2 for 5 years with peripheral neuropathy for 1.5 years, he took metformin 500 mg bid. He was also hypertensive, he used losartan 50 mg bid and furosemide 40 mg qd. The medical lifestyle program included a WFPBD, exercise, two meals a day, sleeping hygiene, cooking classes together with psychological, medical and spiritual consultations. The program lasted 18 days. The patient continued with the program at home. Laboratory values are reported in mg/dL Results: At baseline blood pressure was 158/78 mm hg, he claim to be compliant with medication, fasting blood glucose (FBG) was 230 and weighed 381.4 pounds. At the end of the residential 18 days he had lost 16.2 pounds, blood pressure was 116/72 mm hg, FBG of 110. The patient continued with the learned lifestyle at home. 142 days later he is seen by a physician who stops all medication, he had lost 83.4 pounds, blood pressure was 116/68 mm hg, FBG was 89 mg/dl, hemoglobin A1c was 5.8%. In 286 days he is seen again by a physician, he is now 270 pounds, the patient continues with no medication. 326 days after the start of the program he does lab work, he had a total cholesterol of 140, triglycerides of 56, HDL of 68, LDL of 61 and hemoglobin A1c of 5.5%. 470 days after the program a physician recorded that he had lost 139.4 pounds from the start of the program. He is not using any medication. 524 days after the program he now weighs 240 pounds, having lost 141.4 pounds. 917 days after the end of the program labs are taken: cholesterol 139, triglycerides 55, HDL 73, LDL 55, FBG 99, hemoglobin A1C 5.3%, CHL/HDL ratio of 1.9, blood pressure of 118/70 mm hg. The patient reports feeling well. Conclusions: A change in lifestyle that includes a plant based diet was an effective technique to stop the metabolic syndrome without the need of surgery. ER  - 
Knowledge and perceptions of plant-based meals among adults with type 2 diabetes living in rural appalachia$$$ A plant-based diet - a diet that encourages whole, plant-based foods and discourages meats, dairy products, and eggs as well as all refined and processed foods - aids in the management and prevention of multiple chronic diseases, including type 2 diabetes. However, minimal research has assessed patients' knowledge and perceptions of plant-based diets. In this ongoing qualitative study, we explored knowledge and barriers to eating plant-meals among adults with type 2 diabetes. To date, 11 adults with type 2 diabetes (age=53.7±10.2 years, A1c=7.1±0.7%, diabetes duration= 8.6±6.1 years, BMI=32.8±3.7, 45% female, 90% white) participated in interviews. Interviews were transcribed, coded, and analyzed via content and thematic analyses using NVivo 10 software. The majority of participants lacked knowledge about plant-based diets. Despite this lack of knowledge, most thought a plant-based diet was healthy due to increased fruit and vegetable consumption and fiber content. When asked about incorporating plant-based meals, all said they would be willing to consider adding a few during the week to their current diet. However, participants discussed multiple barriers, including lack of time, spoilage of produce, limited access to fresh fruits and vegetables, higher costs, not wanting to give up meat, and lack of support from family members and friends. Further, more than half of the participants expressed concern about increased fruit consumption and its perceived negative effect on blood glucose and A1c levels. Participants also voiced concerns regarding sufficient protein intake and the satiation level of plant-based meals. Type 2 diabetes patients may benefit from a highly structured, plant-based educational intervention that addresses what a plant-based diet is, why plant-based meals are a good choice for type 2 diabetes, and how to manage potential barriers, such as how to prevent produce spoilage and preparing a week's worth of frozen meals in one day to save time and money. ER  - 
A dietary intervention for chronic diabetic neuropathy pain: A randomized controlled pilot study$$$ Objectives: Diabetic peripheral neuropathy occurs in up to 60 percent of individuals with type 2 diabetes and is associated with significant morbidity, including gait disturbances, amputations, anxiety, depression and reduced quality of life. Available treatments are limited. Recent data suggest that plant-based dietary interventions typically improve glycemic control and other factors associated with type 2 diabetes and its complications. We hypothesized that such a diet would reduce painful symptoms of diabetic neuropathy. The current study was intended to investigate the efficacy of this approach and the suitability of the overall method, permitting larger trials to follow. Methods: Individuals having normal blood vitamin B12 levels with type 2 diabetes and painful diabetic neuropathy were randomly assigned to two groups. The intervention group was asked to follow a low-fat, plant-based diet, with weekly classes for support in following the prescribed diet, and to take a daily vitamin B12 supplement. The control group was asked to take the same vitamin B12 supplement but received no other intervention. At baseline, 20 weeks, and 1 year, biometric, biochemical and physical data were collected. Questionnaires included 2-day dietary records, an analogue 'worst pain' scale, the Michigan Neuropathy Screening Instrument, the global impression scale, the Short Form McGill Pain Questionnaire, the Neuropathy Total Symptom Score, a weekly pain diary and the Norfolk Quality of Life Questionnaire. Results: Thirty-five patients were enrolled into the study, with a mean age of 57 years. After 20 weeks, body weight change with the intervention was -6.4 kg (95% CI -9.4 to -3.4, p<0.001) in an effect size analysis. HbA1c for the intervention group decreased by 0.8 percentage points over 20 weeks but remained unchanged in the control group (p=0.07). Glucose-lowering medications were reduced for 10 intervention-group participants and one control-group participant. Electrochemical skin conductance in the foot improved by an average of 12.4 microSiemens (95% CI 1.2 to 23.6, p=0.03) with the intervention in an effect size analysis. The between-group difference in the change in pain, as measured by the McGill pain questionnaire, was -8.2 points (95% CI -16.1 to -0.3, p=0.04). The change in the Michigan Neuropathy Screening Instrument patient questionnaire score was -1.6 points (95% CI -3.0 to -0.2, p=0.03). The 1-year findings were similarly promising. Conclusion: This is the first randomized controlled study of diet and diabetic nerve pain. It suggests the potential of a dietary approach for treating diabetic neuropathy and provides findings that can be used to guide further studies. ER  - 
The effect of a vegetarian vs conventional hypocaloric diet on serum concentrations of persistent organic pollutants in patients with type 2 diabetes$$$ Background and aims: Emerging evidence suggests that environmental factors described as persistent organic pollutants (POPs) are involved in the development of type 2 diabetes (T2D). POPs may be present especially in fatty fish, fish and seafood, meat and dairy products. The aim of this study was to explore the effect of a vegetarian vs. conventional diet on serum levels of POPs in T2D patients after 12 weeks of a dietary intervention. Materials and methods: 74 subjects with T2D were randomly assigned to either follow a vegetarian diet without fish or meat (n=37) or a control group who followed an isocaloric conventional diabetic diet (n=37). Both diets were calorie restricted (-500 kcal/day). To measure insulin sensitivity, the hyperinsulinemic (1 mU.kg-1.min-1) isoglycemic clamp was conducted. β-cell function was assessed using a mathematical model after a test meal.Magnetic resonance imaging of the abdomen was performed to measure the amount of visceral fat. We measured serum levels of 44 POPs. Dioxins and dioxin-like POPs were analyzed by isotope dilution high resolution gas chromatography andmass spectrometry after clean up on silica and carbon columns. Non-dioxin-like POPs were analyzed by gas chromatography with electron capture detector. All measurements were performed at 0 and 12 weeks. For statistical analysis we used repeated measures ANOVA and a multivariate regression model. Correlations were calculated using Pearson's correlations. Results: We did not observe any difference between the groups in serum levels of most POPs in response to both hypocaloric diets. In the groups combined, changes in serum concentrations of the POPs were correlated to changes in HbA1c (r=+0.34; p<0.01), fasting plasma glucose (r=+0.41; p<0.01) and β-cell function measured as insulin secretion at a reference glucose level (r=-0.37; p<0.01), independent of changes in body weight and volume of visceral fat. Conclusion: Our findings support the relationship between POPs and diabetes, especially β-cell function. ER  - 
Impact of a Shared Medical Appointment Lifestyle Intervention on Weight and Lipid Parameters in Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes: A Clinical Pilot$$$ Background:There is a growing awareness that lifestyle behavior modifications may reduce weight and the atherogenic dyslipidemia associated with obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).Objective:We pilot the effectiveness of a diabetes educational program combining shared medical appointments (SMAs) with an 8-week DVD-based diabetes education program emphasizing a plant-based diet in lowering weight and lipids in individuals with T2DM. This pilot also employed a nonrandomized convenience sample to explore which of the educational program's target behaviors were associated with the greatest risk factor reduction.Design:Forty-six adult patients with T2DM voluntarily self-selected to enroll in the educational quality improvement initiative run as part of a community clinical practice. Target behaviors measured weekly were (1) days with beans for breakfast, (2) days of exercise, (3) minutes of exercise per day, (4) days with light evening meals, (5) days with no evening meals, (6) days with no red meat, (7) days with plant-based diet, and (8) number of 8-ounce cups of water per day. Biometric measurements were taken at the beginning and end of the 2-month program. These included high-density lipoprotein (HDL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), total cholesterol, and triglycerides. Weight was measured weekly. Regression analysis was performed to identify which target behaviors were associated with changes in lipids and weight.Results:There was a statistically significant (F = 2.429; df = 8.21; p < 0.05) decrease in weight (mean −8.9 lbs, or 4.05 kg, or 4.1% body weight, p < 0.01) during the 8-week study period. There was a positive trend in all lipid parameters, but none reached statistical significance with this sample. Exploratory weighted least-squares regression found that weight loss in the study group was most associated with higher water consumption (t = 3.16; p < 0.01), days per week with no evening meal (t = 3.03; p < 0.01), and days per week consuming beans for breakfast (t = 2.06; p = 0.05.Conclusions:In this pilot study, the DVD-based educational program delivered as part of an SMA was associated with significant weight loss but insignificant lipid changes. Behavior changes most closely associated with weight loss were increasing water consumption, eliminating evening meals, and increasing the consumption of beans for breakfast. These potentially important findings in this small sample suggest the need for a randomized clinical trial with a larger and planned sample. ER  - 
Complementary therapies and diabetes mellitus type 2 - An overview$$$ Chronic diseases like diabetes mellitus type 2 caused by a problematic lifestyle can be improved by complementary and alternative therapies and naturopathy. Classic naturopathy in German speaking countries comprises phytotherapy, diet, physical activity, order-therapy/mind-body-therapy and hydro-/balneotherapy. Cinnamon (Cinnamon ceylonesis), bitter gourd (Momordica charantia) or fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum) until now do not influence the usual therapeutic regimens of mellitus type 2 because of small or inconsistent effects. On the other hand vegetarian or naturopathic diet together with regular bodily training lower blood-glucose and metabolic excesses significantly. The necessary motivation and guidance by family doctors should follow the ideas of naturopathic order-therapy. ER  - 
A dietary intervention for chronic diabetic neuropathy pain: A randomized controlled pilot study$$$ BACKGROUND: Diabetic neuropathy is a common and often debilitating condition for which available treatments are limited. Because a low-fat plant-based diet has been shown to improve glycemic control in individuals with type 2 diabetes, we hypothesized that such a diet would reduce painful symptoms of diabetic neuropathy. METHODS: In this 20-week pilot study, individuals with type 2 diabetes and painful diabetic neuropathy were randomly assigned to two groups. The intervention group was asked to follow a low-fat, plant-based diet, with weekly classes for support in following the prescribed diet, and to take a vitamin B12 supplement. The control group was asked to take the same vitamin B12 supplement, but received no other intervention. At baseline, midpoint and 20 weeks, clinical, laboratory and questionnaire data were collected. Questionnaires included an analog worst pain scale, Michigan Neuropathy Screening Instrument, global impression scale, Short Form McGill Pain Questionnaire, Neuropathy Total Symptom Score, a weekly pain diary and Norfolk Quality of Life Questionnaire. RESULTS: After 20 weeks, body weight change with the intervention was - 6.4 kg (95% confidence interval (CI) - 9.4 to - 3.4, Po0.001) in an effect size analysis. Electrochemical skin conductance in the foot improved by an average of 12.4 microseimens (95% CI 1.2-23.6, P = 0.03) with the intervention in an effect size analysis. The between-group difference in change in pain, as measured by the McGill pain questionnaire, was - 8.2 points (95% CI - 16.1 to - 0.3, P = 0.04). Michigan Neuropathy Screening Instrument questionnaire score change was - 1.6 points (95% CI - 3.0 to - 0.2, P = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Improvements were seen in some clinical and pain measures. This pilot study suggests the potential value of a plant-based diet intervention, including weekly support classes, for treating painful diabetic neuropathy. ER  - 
Cardiac lifestyle interventions differing in dietary stringency improve insulin resistance through changes in lipoprotein profiles$$$ Background: Metabolic dysfunction characterized by insulin resistance (IR) is an important risk factor for developing type 2 diabetes and coronary artery disease (CAD). The Lipoprotein Insulin Resistance (LP-IR) score, derived from measures of lipoprotein subclass particle concentration and size, is a new measure for assessing IR and identifying patients with increased risk for developing diabetes. Lifestyle modification interventions are known to mediate CAD risk through traditional measures such as blood pressure, lipids, and BMI; however, the effects of dietary stringency on IR and molecular drivers of the LP-IR score are unclear. Methods: Patients with CAD or significant CAD risk factors participated in 1 of 2 clinical lifestyle interventions differing in dietary stringency: 1) an intensive non-randomized program with a strict vegetarian diet (n=90 subjects with 90 matched controls) and 2) a moderate randomized trial following a Mediterranean-style diet (n=90 participants, 58 controls). Changes over 1 year in lipoprotein profiles, LP-IR score, and traditional CAD risk factors were assessed by Wilcoxon Signed Rank tests. Results: Participants in the intensive lifestyle intervention had poorer baseline cardiovascular health (significantly higher BMI, total cholesterol, triglycerides, LP-IR) than patients in the moderate program. Both interventions led to weight loss (-8.9%, intensive program; -2.6%, moderate program; P<0.001) and a significant decrease in LP-IR score (-13.3%, intensive; -7.9%, moderate; P<0.01) compared to respective controls over one year. Of the six lipoprotein parameters that comprise the LP-IR score, only large VLDL/chylomicrons decreased significantly in patients compared to controls in both programs (-26.3%, intensive; -13.7%, moderate; P<0.05). Conclusion: Lifestyle modification including a Mediterranean diet is comparable to a stringent intervention with a vegetarian diet for improving insulin resistance defined by LP-IR. Significant reductions in large VLDL/chylomicrons may drive improvement in IR irrespective of dietary stringency. ER  - 
A prospective study of the association between plant-based dietary patterns and incident type 2 diabetes in women$$$ Studies of dietary determinants of type 2 diabetes (T2D) have found inverse associations with several plant-foods, and positive associations with some animal-foods, raising the question of whether plant-based diets are protective against T2D. However, as not all plant-foods are equally beneficial, the healthiest version of a plant-based diet needs to be identified. We assessed the hypothesis that plant-based diets are associated with lower T2D risk. We prospectively observed 74,248 women from the Nurses' Health Study (1984-2012) who were free of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer at baseline. We created a total plant-based diet index (PDI) and a healthy or 'alternate' plant-based diet index (aPDI) using dietary data collected every 4 years with a food frequency questionnaire. Individual foods were aggregated into healthy plant-food groups (whole grains, fruits, vegetables, nuts, legumes, vegetable oils, and tea/coffee), unhealthy plant-food groups (fruit juices, refined grains, potato/fries, margarine, sugar sweetened beverages, and sweets) and animal-food groups (animal fats, dairy, egg, fish, and processed & fresh red meat & poultry). For PDI, positive scores were given to all plant-foods, and negative scores to the animal-foods. For aPDI, positive scores were given to the healthy plant-foods, and reverse scores to the unhealthy plant-foods and the animal-foods. We documented 8119 incident T2D cases during 1,761,104 person-years of follow-up. In multivariable-adjusted analysis, both PDI and aPDI were inversely associated with T2D (PDI [HR for extreme deciles: 0.61, 95% CI: 0.55-0.68; p trend<0.0001]; aPDI [HR for extreme deciles: 0.49, 95% CI: 0.44-0.55; p trend<0.0001]). The association with PDI was attenuated when body mass index was also included in the model (HR for extreme deciles: 0.91, 95% CI: 0.82-1.02; p trend: 0.009). The inverse association observed with aPDI was only slightly attenuated after additionally adjusting for body mass index [HR for extreme deciles: 0.56, 95% CI: 0.50-0.63; p trend<0.0001]. Similar associations were found across all strata in analyses stratified by obesity, physical activity, and family history of T2D. Our data suggest that an overall plant-based diet was associated with lower T2D risk but the associations were stronger for a healthier version of the plant-based diet. ER  - 
A multicenter randomized controlled trial of a nutrition intervention program in a multiethnic adult population in the corporate setting reduces depression and anxiety and improves quality of life: the GEICO study$$$ PURPOSE: To determine whether a plant-based nutrition program in a multicenter, corporate setting improves depression, anxiety, and productivity. DESIGN: A quasi-experimental study examined the impact of diet on emotional well-being and productivity. SETTING: The study was conducted in 10 corporate sites of a major U.S. insurance company. SUBJECTS: There were 292 participants (79.8% women, 20.2% men), with body mass index ≥25 kg/m(2) and/or previous diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. INTERVENTION: Either weekly instruction in following a vegan diet or no instruction was given for 18 weeks. MEASURES: Depression and anxiety were measured using the Short Form-36 questionnaire. Work productivity was measured using the Work Productivity and Activity Impairment questionnaire. ANALYSIS: Baseline characteristics were examined by t-test for continuous variables and χ(2) test for categorical variables. Analysis of covariance models were adjusted for baseline covariates. Paired t-tests were used to determine within-group changes and t-tests for between-group differences. RESULTS: In an intention-to-treat analysis, improvements in impairment because of health (p < .001), overall work impairment because of health (p = .02), non-work-related activity impairment because of health (p < .001), depression (p = .02), anxiety (p = .04), fatigue (p < .001), emotional well-being (p = .01), daily functioning because of physical health (p = .01), and general health (p = 0.02) in the intervention group were significantly greater than in the control group. Results were similar for study completers. CONCLUSION: A dietary intervention improves depression, anxiety, and productivity in a multicenter, corporate setting. ER  - 
Vitamin B12 deficiency and associated hyperhomocysteinemia in patients with ischaemic stroke in tertiary care ICU unit in India$$$ Background: Hyperhomocysteinemia is a recognized risk factor for ischaemic heart disease (HID), stroke and atherosclerosis. Vit B12, Folate and pyridoxine deficiency are important dietary causes of raised serum homocysteine and vegetarian diet is poor in Vitamin B12. Aim: To measure the levels of Vitamin B 12 and associated homocysteine levels in ischaemic stroke patients admitted to ICU unit at Columbia Asia referral hospital, bangalore, India and to find any association between ischaemic stroke and levels of Vitamin B12 with associated hyperhomocysteinemia in these cases. Method: Cross sectional study of prospective nature and sample selection is by specification criteria proposed. Consecutive cases of ischaemic stroke either arterial or venous were enrolled over a period of 10 months. Patients on vitamin supplements, bowel resection surgery, renal disease and embolic strokes were excluded. Persons enrolled in study data on dietary habits, medical history including were obtained. Circulating concentrations of vitamin B12, total homocysteine (Hcy), and other risk factors for stroke were worked up. As per international norm normal vitamin B12 levels are between 180-914 pg/ml and value less than 180 were considered deficient and for homocysteine normal values were 5.46-16 umol/L and value > 16 was considered elevated. Variables are expressed as percentage of stroke cases. Results: There were 41 cases of ischaemic stroke in a period of 10 months:39 arterial and 2 venous infarcts. In the arterial strokes 24 of 39cases (61.53%) had low vitamin B12 levels and 18 of 39 cases (46.15%) had raised serum Homocysteine levels. In arterial stroke cases before 45 years 4 of 5 cases (80 %) had low vitamin B12 levels with associated hyperhomocysteinemia. In the venous strokes cases 2 of 2 cases (100 %) had low vitamin B12 levels with raised homocysteine (Hcy) including venous strokes below 45 years 1 of 1 case (100 %). In the arterial stroke cases with low vitamin B12 levels with associated hyperhomocysteinemia 7 of 24 cases(29.16%) had significant plaque stenosis in one of the major carotid or vertebral vessels and 14 of 24 cases (58.33%) had other associated risk factors for stroke, in venous stroke cases none of the patients had any associated risk factors. Out of the total 41 cases 16 patients were on vegetarian diet of which 12 cases (75%) had low vitamin B12 with hyperhomocysteinemia and remaining 25 were non vegetarians (NV) of which 14 of 25 (56 %) had low vitamin B12 levels with hyperhomocysteinemia. Discussion: Low vitamin B12 levels resulting in raised serum homocysteine is common in Indian stroke population and could be a major risk factor, this can be a preventable risk factor like other risk factors for stroke such as hypertension, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia and atherosclerosis and should be included in regular work up for ischaemic stroke persons more so in persons less than 45 years. Important predisposing factor for low vit B12 and homocysteinemia being vegetarian diet in our study. Study is limited as mutations in gene responsible for Hyperhomocysteinemia along with serum folate and pyridoxine have not been included and further randomized control studies need to be done to determine above findings. ER  - 
Efficacy of diets in the treatment of type 2 diabetes: A systematic review$$$ Background: According to guidelines a healthy lifestyle including a well-balanced diet is the first choice in diabetes treatment. Nevertheless there is not much consensus on which diet should be followed. Objectives: The purpose of this work was to evaluate the efficacy of dietary interventions in adult type 2 diabetes patients. Materials and methods: A systematic review was conducted. PubMed and ScienceDirect were searched from January 1995 to December 2013 to identify relevant (randomized) controlled trials. Search limits included dietary intervention studies with a minimum study duration of 6 months and a group size of at least 90 adult type 2 diabetics. Results: In total 11 studies which met our inclusion criteria were identified. They assessed various types of diets including high-carb, low-carb, low-fat, high-protein, high-GI, low-GI, high-fiber diets as well as the ADA diet, Mediterranean diet, high-MUFA diet, and vegan diet. All studies measured the intervention’s impact on weight, lipid status, and glycemic control. Results and conclusions of included studies were heterogeneous. In some studies a positive impact on single parameters was found, but in other studies no differences could be measured. Conclusion: Results of the review indicate that there is no single best diet. Our research showed that there is a lack of high quality studies on the efficacy of dietary treatment of type 2 diabetes. Drop-outs, dietary adherence, variability of the observed effects over time, and controlling for weight loss as confounders of the effects pose major challenges for study conduction. ER  - 
Gut microbiota and Ma-Pi 2 macrobiotic diet in the treatment of type 2 diabetes$$$ In the past 10 years the prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has increased hugely worldwide, driven by a rise in the numbers of overweight and obese individuals. A number of diets have been shown to be effective for the management of T2DM: the Mediterranean diet, the vegetarian diet and the low-calorie diet. Results of studies clearly indicate, however, that the efficacy of these diets is not solely related to the biochemical structure of the individual nutrients they contain. This review discusses this point with reference to the potential role of the intestinal microbiota in diabetes. The macrobiotic Ma-Pi 2 diet is rich in carbohydrates, whole grains and vegetables, with no animal fat or protein or added sugar. In shortand medium-term trials conducted in patients with T2DM, the Ma-Pi 2 diet has been found to significantly improve indicators of metabolic control, including fasting blood glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin, the serum lipid profile, body mass index, body weight and blood pressure. The diet may also alter the gut microbiota composition, which could additionally affect glycemic control. As a result, the Ma-Pi 2 diet could be considered a valid additional shortto medium-term treatment for T2DM. ER  - 
A perspective on vegetarian dietary patterns and risk of metabolic syndrome$$$ The vegetarian dietary pattern is traditionally a plant-based diet that includes fruits, vegetables, cereals, legumes, nuts, vegetable oils, soya, and possibly dairy products and/or eggs. Vegetarians and other populations who follow a plant-based dietary pattern enjoy longevity. Specifically, vegetarian dietary patterns have been associated with a lower risk for developing IHD, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, specific cancers, lower all-cause mortality and reduction in cause-specific mortality. The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) in the USA is approximately 20% and is currently increasing in developing countries in line with the obesity epidemic. The health care costs associated with the MetS are on a magnitude of 1·6 overall compared with healthy individuals, which makes it an important public health problem. Current evidence from several cross-sectional and case-control studies shows an association between consumption of a vegetarian dietary pattern and a reduced prevalence or risk of developing the MetS. There is a need for further research to be conducted, particularly prospective cohort studies to evaluate the effect of vegetarian dietary patterns on reducing the incidence of the MetS and, clinical trials should be designed to explore vegetarian dietary patterns for the reversal of the MetS in high-risk populations. This research could contribute to reduce the societal and economic burdens associated with the disorder. ER  - 
A comparative study of variables in urban & rural population of type 2 diabetesmellitus patients with & without non alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Introduction: The prevalence of NAFLD is higher in type 2 diabetes patients than in general population. NAFLD has become a major public health problem in India due to rising incidence of obesity & type II diabetes mellitus. Aim: To determine the prevalence of NAFLD in rural& urban patients of Diabetes mellitus & comparison of characteristics of DM patients with & without NAFLD in rural & urban population. Material and methods: Eighty urban and 80 rural diabetes patients were divided into 4 subgroups. Urban diabetes patients with and without NAFLD and rural diabetes patients with and without NAFLD for comparison of following parameters. Age, Sex, Duration of Diabetes, Physical Activity, Diet (Vegetarian/Non- Vegetarian), Anthropometry, Lipid profile, Liver function tests, HbA1c, Blood pressure, C-reactive protein, ESR, Serumferritin, CIMT, Insulin resistance. Results: The study group was divided in urban (n = 80) and rural (n=80). The prevalence of NAFLD in urban diabetes patients was 58.75 % (n = 47) and in rural it was 31.25 % (n=25) (p < 0.05). Comparison of NAFLD positive patients in urban and rural Diabetes patients showed significant differences in patterns of age, duration of DM& hypertension, weight, BMI, waist & hip circumference. A significant positive correlation of non vegetarian diet was found in rural and urban patients of Diabetes with NAFLD as compared to those without NAFLD. Levels of blood pressure, FBS, PPBS, HbA1c, ESR, CRP, lipid profile, serumferritin, fasting insulin, CIMT showed no significant difference in intergroup comparison. Conclusion: Prevalence of NAFLD was significantly higher in urban Diabetes patients than rural. There was a significant difference in anthropometric, demographic and haemodynamic variables in urban and rural group having NAFLD. ER  - 
Beyond meatless, the health effects of vegan diets: Findings from the Adventist cohorts$$$ Vegetarians, those who avoid meat, and vegans, additionally avoiding dairy and eggs, represent 5% and 2%, respectively, of the US population. The aim of this review is to assess the effects of vegetarian diets, particularly strict vegetarian diets (i.e., vegans) on health and disease outcomes. We summarized available evidence from three prospective cohorts of Adventists in North America: Adventist Mortality Study, Adventist Health Study, and Adventist Health Study-2. Non-vegetarian diets were compared to vegetarian dietary patterns (i.e., vegan and lacto-ovo-vegetarian) on selected health outcomes. Vegetarian diets confer protection against cardiovascular diseases, cardiometabolic risk factors, some cancers and total mortality. Compared to lacto-ovo-vegetarian diets, vegan diets seem to offer additional protection for obesity, hypertension, type-2 diabetes, and cardiovascular mortality. Males experience greater health benefits than females. Limited prospective data is available on vegetarian diets and body weight change. Large randomized intervention trials on the effects of vegetarian diet patterns on neurological and cognitive functions, obesity, diabetes, and other cardiovascular outcomes are warranted to make meaningful recommendations. © 2014 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. ER  - 
Effect of diet on type 2 diabetes mellitus: A review$$$ Type 2 diabetes mellitus is one of the fastest growing diseases; the number of people affected by diabetes will soon reach 552 million worldwide, with associated increases in complications and healthcare expenditure. Lifestyle and medical nutrition therapy are considered the keystones of type 2 diabetes prevention and treatment, but there is no definite consensus on how to treat this disease with these therapies. The American Diabetes Association has made several recommendations regarding the medical nutrition therapy of diabetes; these emphasize the importance of minimizing macrovascular and microvascular complications in people with diabetes. Four types of diets were reviewed for their effects on diabetes: the Mediterranean diet, a low-carbohydrate/high-protein diet, a vegan diet and a vegetarian diet. Each of the four types of diet has been shown to improve metabolic conditions, but the degree of improvement varies from patient to patient. Therefore, it is necessary to evaluate a patient's pathophysiological characteristics in order to determine the diet that will achieve metabolic improvement in each individual. Many dietary regimens are available for patients with type 2 diabetes to choose from, according to personal taste and cultural tradition. It is important to provide a tailor-made diet wherever possible in order to maximize the efficacy of the diet on reducing diabetes symptoms and to encourage patient adherence. Additional randomized studies, both short term (to analyse physiological responses) and long term, could help reduce the multitude of diets currently recommended and focus on a shorter list of useful regimens. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Effect of the vegetarian diet on non-communicable diseases$$$ A vegetarian diet generally includes plenty of vegetables and fruits, which are rich in phytochemicals, antioxidants, fiber, magnesium, vitamins C and E, Fe3+, folic acid and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), and is low in cholesterol, total fat and saturated fatty acid, sodium, Fe2+, zinc, vitamin A, B12 and D, and especially n-3 PUFA. Mortality from all-cause, ischemic heart disease, and circulatory and cerebrovascular diseases was significantly lower in vegetarians than in omnivorous populations. Compared with omnivores, the incidence of cancer and type 2 diabetes was also significantly lower in vegetarians. However, vegetarians have a number of increased risk factors for non-communicable diseases such as increased plasma homocysteine, mean platelet volume and platelet aggregability compared with omnivores, which are associated with low intake of vitamin B12 and n-3 PUFA. Based on the present data, it would seem appropriate for vegetarians to carefully design their diet, specifically focusing on increasing their intake of vitamin B12 and n-3 PUFA to further reduce already low mortality and morbidity from non-communicable diseases. © 2013 Society of Chemical Industry. ER  - 
What are the roles of calorie restriction and diet quality in promoting healthy longevity?$$$ Epidemiological and experimental data indicate that diet plays a central role in the pathogenesis of many age-associated chronic diseases, and in the biology of aging itself. Data from several animal studies suggest that the degree and time of calorie restriction (CR) onset, the timing of food intake as well as diet composition, play major roles in promoting health and longevity, breaking the old dogma that only calorie intake is important in extending healthy lifespan. Data from human studies indicate that long-term CR with adequate intake of nutrients results in several metabolic adaptations that reduce the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease and cancer. Moreover, CR opposes the expected age-associated alterations in myocardial stiffness, autonomic function, and gene expression in the human skeletal muscle. However, it is possible that some of the beneficial effects on metabolic health are not entirely due to CR, but to the high quality diets consumed by the CR practitioners, as suggested by data collected in individuals consuming strict vegan diets. More studies are needed to understand the interactions among single nutrient modifications (e.g. protein/aminoacid, fatty acids, vitamins, phytochemicals, and minerals), the degree of CR and the frequency of food consumption in modulating anti-aging metabolic and molecular pathways, and in the prevention of age-associated diseases. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Vegetarian vs. conventional diabetic diet - A 1-year follow-up$$$ Objective: Our previous 6-month, randomized study demonstrated the beneficial effect of a vegetarian (V) compared to a conventional diet (C) with similar caloric restriction on cardiovascular risk factors for patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D), namely increased insulin sensitivity, reduced body weight, reduced volume of visceral and subcutaneous fat, de-creased LDL-cholesterol and improved oxidative stress markers and chosen adipokines. We conducted post-trial monitoring to determine whether the improved outcomes persisted 1 year after the end of the study. Methods: 62 subjects with T2D who completed the study were asked to come for a 1-year follow-up to measure weight, waist circumference, HbA1c and blood lipids. No attempts were made to maintain their previously assigned diets. Results: 44 patients (71%) attended the post-trial monitoring. Hypoglycemic agents were increased by 14% in V and by 26% in C; insulin therapy was introduced in 5% in V and in 13% in C one year after the end of the intervention. Neither weight nor waist circumference changed significantly in either group. HbA1c increased ( p < 0.05) similarly in both groups (+0.49 ± 1.04% in V vs. +0.42 ± 0.8% in C). Blood lipids did not change in either group. Conclusion: One year after the end of the intervention, the positive effects of a vegetarian diet on cardiovascular risk factors compared to a conventional diet were partially maintained. © 2014 The Czech Society of Cardiology. Published by Elsevier Urban & Partner Sp. z o.o. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Prevalence and risk factors for hypertension at Princess Haya Bent Al-Hussein Hospital, Jordan$$$ Objective: To assess the prevalence of hypertension (HTN) and its risk factors among adults in south area of Jordan. Methodology: A hospital-based cross-sectional study was conducted on 950 participants aged 20 years or older from March 2010 to April 2011 at Princess Haya Bent Al-Hussein Military Hospital. HTN was defined as systolic blood pressure ?140 and/or diastolic blood pressure ?90. Results: The mean age of the participants was 45.5 years and 76.1% of them were 37 years or older; 50.1 % were females. The prevalence of HTN was 20.8%. The prevalence was 42.4% in men and 36.7% in women. Higher prevalence was found with history of cerbrovascular/cardiovascular events (26.6.5%), diabetes mellitus (25.9%), family history of hypertension (28.1%), smoking (35%), lack of physical exercise (26.3%), BMI>25 (27.1%), non-vegetarian diet (25.1%) and saturated fat intake (25.7%). Bottom of form Conclusion: The prevalence of hypertension appears to be high in this southern area of Jordan. Hence, intervention measures should be undertaken at the community level; particularly lifestyle modifications and awareness about the problem, so that early detection and intervention is possible. ER  - 
Management of type 2 diabetes mellitus in self- motivated patients: Optimized diet, exercise, and medication for weight loss and cardiometabolic fitness$$$ Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a growing public health problem with significant lifetime health care costs. The majority of Americans do not achieve minimal targets for exercise, and individuals with T2DM typically engage in less exercise than the general adult population. However, those patients with T2DM who are sufficiently self-motivated to manage their condition have the potential to reverse diabetes and prevent its complications through behavioral and pharmacologic interventions. Marked improvements are possible through increased awareness and selection of healthy eating options, a willingness to incorporate vigorous exercise into their lifestyle, and the use of newer medications that essentially eliminate the risk of hypoglycemia while facilitating weight loss and the achievement of ideal glucose targets. For self-motivated patients, daily aerobic activity of 45 to 60 minutes per day may be a suitable target. For those who have cardiovascular clearance, high-intensity interval training accomplishes high levels of cardiometabolic fitness with shorter training periods by alternating moderate and intense exertion. Suitable medications that have a low risk of hypoglycemia during exercise include metformin, glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists, dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors, and sodium-glucose linked transporter-2 inhibitors. Specific daily caloric goals and incorporation of a mainly plant-based diet should be considered as a primary target for diabetes management. Self-management is important to achieving diabetes treatment goals, and mobile applications can be useful tools to support lifestyle changes in patients with T2DM. ER  - 
Effects of 7 days on an ad libitum low-fat vegan diet: The McDougall Program cohort$$$ Background: Epidemiologic evidence, reinforced by clinical and laboratory studies, shows that the rich Western diet is the major underlying cause of death and disability (e.g, from cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes) in Western industrialized societies. The objective of this study is to document the effects that eating a low-fat (=10% of calories), high-carbohydrate (∼80% of calories), moderate-sodium, purely plant-based diet ad libitum for 7 days can have on the biomarkers of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Methods: Retrospective analysis of measurements of weight, blood pressure, blood sugar, and blood lipids and estimation of cardiovascular disease risk at baseline and day 7 from 1615 participants in a 10-day residential dietary intervention program from 2002 to 2011. Wilcoxon's signed-rank test was used for testing the significance of changes from baseline. Results: The median (interquartile range, IQR) weight loss was 1.4 (1.8) kg (p <.001). The median (IQR) decrease in total cholesterol was 22 (29) mg/dL (p <.001). Even though most antihypertensive and antihyperglycemic medications were reduced or discontinued at baseline, systolic blood pressure decreased by a median (IQR) of 8 (18) mm Hg (p <.001), diastolic blood pressure by a median (IQR) of 4 (10) mm Hg (p <.001), and blood glucose by a median (IQR) of 3 (11) mg/dL (p <.001). For patients whose risk of a cardiovascular event within 10 years was >7.5% at baseline, the risk dropped to 5.5% (>27%) at day 7 (p <.001). Conclusions: A low-fat, starch-based, vegan diet eaten ad libitum for 7 days results in significant favorable changes in commonly tested biomarkers that are used to predict future risks for cardiovascular disease and metabolic diseases. ER  - 
Nutrient intake in the GEICO multicenter trial: The effects of a multicomponent worksite intervention$$$ Background/objectives:To assess the effects on macro-and micronutrient intake of a nutrition intervention program in corporate settings across the United States.Subjects/methods:Two hundred and ninety-two individuals who were overweight or had type 2 diabetes were recruited from 10 sites of a US insurance company. Two hundred and seventy-one participants completed baseline diet recalls, and 183 participants completed dietary recalls at 18 weeks. Sites were randomly assigned to an intervention group (five sites) or to a control group (five sites) for 18 weeks. At intervention sites, participants were asked to follow a low-fat vegan diet and attend weekly group meetings. At control sites, participants continued their usual diets. At baseline and 18 weeks, participants completed 2-day diet recalls. Between-group differences in changes in nutrient intake were assessed using an analysis of covariance.Results:Compared with those in the control group, intervention-group participants significantly reduced the reported intake of total fat (P=0.02), saturated (P=0.006) and monounsaturated fats (P=0.01), cholesterol (P=0.009), protein (P=0.03) and calcium (P=0.02), and increased the intake of carbohydrate (P=0.006), fiber (P=0.002), β-carotene (P=0.01), vitamin C (P=0.003), magnesium (P=0.04) and potassium (P=0.002).Conclusions:An 18-week intervention program in a corporate setting reduces intake of total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol and increases the intake of protective nutrients, particularly fiber, β-carotene, vitamin C, magnesium and potassium. The reduction in calcium intake indicates the need for planning for this nutrient. © 2013 Macmillan Publishers Limited. ER  - 
Prevalence and factors related to rheumatic musculoskeletal disorders in rural south India: WHO-ILAR-COPCORD-BJD india calicut study$$$ Aims: To assess the prevalence and factors related to rheumatic musculoskeletal disorders (RMSD) in a rural population of south India. Methods: The cross-sectional study included all individuals, 15 years and above, in a rural unit of Calicut District in North Kerala. Data were collected using the validated World Health Organization - International League of Associations for Rheumatology - Community Oriented Program for the Control of Rheumatic Diseases - Bhigwan model questionnaire by trained volunteers. In Phase 1 details of demographic characteristics, major co-morbidities and perceived musculoskeletal aches and pains were elicited. Phases 2 and 3 further evaluated and diagnosed the subjects. Predictors for RMSD were assessed using binary logistic regression analysis. Results: There were 4999 individuals in the study. The prevalence of RMSD was 24.9% (95% CI 23.73; 26.12%). Females constituted 50.7% of the population; 5.1% of the respondents were illiterate; 80.9% belonged to low-income groups. Diabetes mellitus and hypertension affected 4.1% and 5.4% of the subjects respectively. The predictors for RMSD in the population were female sex, age, illiteracy, married status, low-income group, vegetarian diet, current alcohol consumption, current tobacco use, history of injury or accidents, diabetes and hypertension. Symptom-related ill-defined rheumatism (10.39%) followed by osteoarthritis (3.85%) were the most prevalent in the Phase 3 rheumatological evaluation. Conclusion: There is an urgent need to introduce lifestyle modifications in high-risk groups and start rehabilitation for those affected. Community rheumatology in primary health care settings in rural areas needs to be strengthened by introducing national programs addressing RMSD at the grassroots level. © 2013 Asia Pacific League of Associations for Rheumatology and Wiley Publishing Asia Pty Ltd. ER  - 
A multicenter randomized controlled trial of a plant-based nutrition program to reduce body weight and cardiovascular risk in the corporate setting: The GEICO study$$$ Background/objectives:To determine the effects of a low-fat plant-based diet program on anthropometric and biochemical measures in a multicenter corporate setting.Subjects/methods:Employees from 10 sites of a major US company with body mass index ≥25 kg/m 2 and/or previous diagnosis of type 2 diabetes were randomized to either follow a low-fat vegan diet, with weekly group support and work cafeteria options available, or make no diet changes for 18 weeks. Dietary intake, body weight, plasma lipid concentrations, blood pressure and glycated hemoglobin (HbA 1C) were determined at baseline and 18 weeks.Results:Mean body weight fell 2.9 kg and 0.06 kg in the intervention and control groups, respectively (P<0.001). Total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol fell 8.0 and 8.1 mg/dl in the intervention group and 0.01 and 0.9 mg/dl in the control group (P<0.01). HbA 1C fell 0.6 percentage point and 0.08 percentage point in the intervention and control group, respectively (P<0.01).Among study completers, mean changes in body weight were -4.3 kg and -0.08 kg in the intervention and control groups, respectively (P<0.001). Total and LDL cholesterol fell 13.7 and 13.0 mg/dl in the intervention group and 1.3 and 1.7 mg/dl in the control group (P<0.001). HbA 1C levels decreased 0.7 percentage point and 0.1 percentage point in the intervention and control group, respectively (P<0.01).Conclusions:An 18-week dietary intervention using a low-fat plant-based diet in a corporate setting improves body weight, plasma lipids, and, in individuals with diabetes, glycemic control. © 2013 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved. ER  - 
A plant-based diet reduces depression and anxiety and improves work productivity: The GEICO multicenter trial$$$ Health in the workplace is often thought of in physical aspects, such as the presence or absence of injuries or illnesses than can diminish work productivity. However, people in the workforce are often encumbered by problems in psychological adjustment, most notably depression, but anxiety as well. We sought to determine whether a low-fat plant-based nutrition program in a multicenter, corporate setting improves indices of depression, anxiety, and work productivity. Two hundred and ninety-two employees from ten sites of a major US company with a body mass index (BMI) ≥25 kg/m2 and/or a previous diagnosis of type 2 diabetes were asked to either follow a low-fat vegan diet and receive weekly group instruction, or make no diet changes and receive no instruction for 18 weeks. In both an intention-totreat and an analysis for study completers, the vegan group had significantly more improvement in measures of depression, anxiety, fatigue, emotional well-being, and work impairment compared with the control group at 18 weeks. We conclude that an 18-week dietary intervention using a low-fat vegan diet in a multicenter, corporate setting can reduce depression and anxiety, and increase work productivity of employees. ER  - 
Vegetarian diet-induced increase in linoleic acid in serum phospholipids is associated with improved insulin sensitivity in subjects with type 2 diabetes$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Fatty acids are important cellular constituents that may affect many metabolic processes relevant for the development of diabetes and its complications. We showed previously that vegetarian diet leads to greater increase in metabolic clearance rate of glucose (MCR) than conventional hypocaloric diet. The aim of this secondary analysis was to explore the role of changes in fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids in diet- and exercise-induced changes in MCR in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D). METHODS: Subjects with T2D (n=74) were randomly assigned into a vegetarian group (VG, n=37) following vegetarian diet or a control group (CG, n=37) following a conventional diet. Both diets were calorie restricted (-500 kcal day -1). Participants were examined at baseline, 12 weeks of diet intervention and 24 weeks (subsequent 12 weeks of diet were combined with aerobic exercise). The fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids was measured by gas liquid chromatography. MCR was measured by hyperinsulinemic isoglycemic clamp. Visceral fat (VF) was measured by magnetic resonance imaging. RESULTS: Linoleic acid (LA; 18:2n6) increased in VG (P=0.04), whereas it decreased in CG (P=0.04) in response to dietary interventions. It did not change significantly after the addition of exercise in either group (group-time P<0.001). In VG, changes in 18:2n6 correlated positively with changes in MCR (r= +0.22; P=0.04) and negatively with changes in VF (r= -0.43; P=0.01). After adjustment for changes in body mass index, the association between 18:2n6 and MCR was no longer significant. The addition of exercise resulted in greater changes of phospholipid fatty acids composition in VG than in CG. CONCLUSION: We demonstrated that the insulin-sensitizing effect of a vegetarian diet might be related to the increased proportion of LA in serum phospholipids. © 2013 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved. ER  - 
Physiologic and weight-focused treatment strategies for managing type 2 diabetes mellitus: the metformin, glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, and insulin (MGI) approach.$$$ The prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is rising in association with an increase in obesity rates. Current treatment options for patients with T2DM include lifestyle modifications and numerous antidiabetic medications. Despite the availability of effective and well-tolerated treatments, many patients do not achieve recommended glycemic targets. Lack of efficacy is complicated by the wide range of available agents and little specificity in treatment guidelines, thus challenging clinicians to understand the relative benefits and risks of individual options for each patient. In this article, lifestyle intervention strategies and current antidiabetic agents are evaluated for their efficacy, safety, and weight-loss potential. Because of the heterogeneous and progressive nature of T2DM, physicians should advocate approaches that emphasize weight management, limit the risk of hypoglycemia and adverse events, and focus on the core pathophysiologic defects in patients with T2DM. A healthy, plant-based diet that is low in saturated fat and refined carbohydrates but high in whole grains, vegetables, legumes, and fruits, coupled with resistance and aerobic exercise regimens, are recommended for patients with T2DM. When necessary, drug intervention, described in this article as the MGI (metformin, glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, and insulin) approach, should begin with metformin and progress to the early addition of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists because of their weight loss potential and ability to target multiple pathophysiologic defects in patients with T2DM. For most patients, treatments that induce weight gain and hypoglycemia should be avoided. Long-acting insulin should be initiated if glycemic control is not achieved with metformin and glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist combination therapy, focusing on long-acting insulin analogs that induce the least weight gain and have the lowest hypoglycemic risk. Ultimately, a patient-centered treatment approach that addresses the core pathologies of T2DM and obesity will not only increase overall efficacy and the likelihood that a patient adheres to treatment, but may also improve a patient's mental well-being and quality of life. ER  - 
Status of trigycerides and uric acid level in healthy working Nepalese population$$$ Background: Increased serum level of Triglycerides [Tg] and uric acid [UA] have been associated with morbidity conditions like coronary syndrome, diabetes mellitus type II, hypertension and obesity. Non-vegetarian diet and more sedentary lifestyle affect the metabolism of Tg and UA. Thus, the objective of this study is to identify the status of Tg and UA level in healthy Nepalese working population of capital city in the scenario of non-vegetarian fast food eating habit and sedentary working lifestyle. Methods: A total of 116 subjects [68 males and 48 females] in the age of 20-50 years were investigated who had come for general health check up as part of their job requirement in Tribuwan University Teaching Hospital during the period of Jan -Sept 2012. Tg level was analyzed by GPO -PAP method and UA level by PAP-Uricase method. Results: The level of Tg was 1.7±0.9 mmoles/L in males and1.5±0.8 mmoles/L in females respectively .The level of uric acid was 339±86 micromoles/L in males and 272±77 micromoles/L in females. Significant difference in uric acid level between males and females [P=0.01] was observed which was not seen with triglycerides . .The serum Tg level significantly correlated with serum uric acid level [r=0.317,P=0.01]. Both Tg and UA positively correlated with BMI [r=0.2, P=0.05] but no significant difference between the triglycerides and uric acid level between underweight [n=20], normal [49] , and overweight [n=47] groups. Conclusions: The male healthy working Nepalese need to be cautious of their health and food habit than the females for rewarding professional and personal life as they fall in the borderline risk region of Tg level and since high Tg level increases UA level too. ER  - 
Common variant in FUT2 gene is associated with levels of vitamin B12 in Indian population$$$ Vitamin B12 is an essential micronutrient synthesized by microorganisms. Mammals including humans have evolved ways for transport and absorption of this vitamin. Deficiency of vitamin B12 (either due to low intake or polymorphism in genes involved in absorption and intracellular transport of this vitamin) has been associated with various complex diseases. Genome-wide association studies have recently identified several common single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in fucosyl transferase 2 gene (FUT2) to be associated with levels of vitamin B12-the strongest association was with a non-synonymous SNP rs602662 in this gene. In the present study, we attempted to replicate the association of this SNP (rs602662) in an Indian population since a significant proportion has been reported to have low levels of vitamin B12 in this population. A total of 1146 individuals were genotyped for this SNP using a single base extension method and association with levels of vitamin B12 was assessed in these individuals. Regression analysis was performed to analyze the association considering various confounding factors like for age, sex, diet, hypertension, diabetes mellitus and coronary artery disease status. We found that the SNP rs602662 was significantly associated with the levels of vitamin B12 (p value<0.0001). We also found that individuals adhering to a vegetarian diet with GG (homozygous major genotype) have significantly lower levels of vitamin B12 in these individuals. Thus, our study reveals that vegetarian diet along with polymorphism in the FUT2 gene may contribute significantly to the high prevalence of vitamin B12 deficiency in India. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Strict vegetarian diet improves the risk factors associated with metabolic diseases by modulating gut microbiota and reducing intestinal inflammation$$$ Low-grade inflammation of the intestine results in metabolic dysfunction, in which dysbiosis of the gut microbiota is intimately involved. Dietary fibre induces prebiotic effects that may restore imbalances in the gut microbiota; however, no clinical trials have been reported in patients with metabolic diseases. Here, six obese subjects with type 2 diabetes and/or hypertension were assigned to a strict vegetarian diet (SVD) for 1 month, and blood biomarkers of glucose and lipid metabolisms, faecal microbiota using 454-pyrosequencing of 16S ribosomal RNA genes, faecal lipocalin-2 and short-chain fatty acids were monitored. An SVD reduced body weight and the concentrations of triglycerides, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and haemoglobin A1c, and improved fasting glucose and postprandial glucose levels. An SVD reduced the Firmicutes-to-Bacteroidetes ratio in the gut microbiota, but did not alter enterotypes. An SVD led to a decrease in the pathobionts such as the Enterobacteriaceae and an increase in commensal microbes such as Bacteroides fragilis and Clostridium species belonging to clusters XIVa and IV, resulting in reduced intestinal lipocalin-2 and short-chain fatty acids levels. This study underscores the benefits of dietary fibre for improving the risk factors of metabolic diseases and shows that increased fibre intake reduces gut inflammation by changing the gut microbiota. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons Ltd and Society for Applied Microbiology. ER  - 
Vegetarian diet$$$ Numerous studies have evaluated the health benefits of food that are appropriately selected by vegetarians. Risks of dietary deficiency are limited when diet is correctly planned including fortified foods, particularly in vegan diet. This is the case for vitamin B12, vitamin D, calcium, iron, zinc and omega-3 fatty acids. Vegetarians have an increased consumption of fruits, vegetables, whole-grains, legumes and nuts, together with other contributors such as regular physical activity, absence of overweight, tobacco and alcohol which are almost always present among vegetarians. According to numerous studies, vegetarians have better health than non-vegetarians, lower risk of coronary heart disease explained by low LDL cholesterol, lower blood pressure and lower BMI. Vegetarians have also lower risk of obesity, stroke, type 2 diabetes and certain cancers than do non-vegetarians. © 2013 - Elsevier Masson SAS - Tous droits réservés. ER  - 
Vegetarian diets, low-meat diets and health: a review.$$$ To review the epidemiological evidence for vegetarian diets, low-meat dietary patterns and their association with health status in adults. Published literature review focusing primarily on prospective studies and meta-analyses examining the association between vegetarian diets and health outcomes. Both vegetarian diets and prudent diets allowing small amounts of red meat are associated with reduced risk of diseases, particularly CHD and type 2 diabetes. There is limited evidence of an association between vegetarian diets and cancer prevention. Evidence linking red meat intake, particularly processed meat, and increased risk of CHD, cancer and type 2 diabetes is convincing and provides indirect support for consumption of a plant-based diet. The health benefits of vegetarian diets are not unique. Prudent plant-based dietary patterns which also allow small intakes of red meat, fish and dairy products have demonstrated significant improvements in health status as well. At this time an optimal dietary intake for health status is unknown. Plant-based diets contain a host of food and nutrients known to have independent health benefits. While vegetarian diets have not shown any adverse effects on health, restrictive and monotonous vegetarian diets may result in nutrient deficiencies with deleterious effects on health. For this reason, appropriate advice is important to ensure a vegetarian diet is nutritionally adequate especially for vulnerable groups. ER  - 
Chinese lacto-vegetarian diet exerts favorable effects on metabolic parameters, intima-media thickness, and cardiovascular risks in healthy men$$$ Background: To investigate whether the Chinese lacto-vegetarian diet has protective effects on metabolic and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Methods: One hundred sixty-nine healthy Chinese lacto-vegetarians and 126 healthy omnivore men aged 21-76 years were enrolled. Anthropometric indexes, lipid profile, insulin sensitivity, pancreatic β cell function, and intima-media thickness (IMT) of carotid arteries were assessed and compared. Cardiovascular risk points and probability of developing CVD in 5-10 years in participants aged 24-55 years were calculated. Results: Compared with omnivores, lacto-vegetarians had remarkably lower body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and serum levels of triglyceride, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, γ-glutamyl transferase, serum creatinine, uric acid, fasting blood glucose, as well as lower total cholesterol/high- density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio. Vegetarians also had higher homeostasis model assessment β cell function and insulin secretion index and thinner carotid IMT than the omnivores did. These results corresponded with lower cardiovascular risk points and probability of developing CVD in 5-10 years in vegetarians 24-55 years old. Conclusions: In healthy Chinese men, the lacto-vegetarian diet seems to exert protective effects on blood pressure, lipid profiles, and metabolic parameters and results in significantly lower carotid IMT. Lower CVD risks found in vegetarians also reflect the beneficial effect of the Chinese lacto-vegetarian diet. © 2012 American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition. ER  - 
A plant-based diet reduces body weight and cardiovascular risk: The geico multicenter trial$$$ Obesity and diet-related health problems exact an increasing medical toll, as well as a large financial burden, much of which is borne by employers. We sought to determine the effects of a low-fat plant-based diet on anthropometric and biochemical measures in a multicenter corporate setting. Individuals (N = 292) who were overweight and/or had type 2 diabetes were recruited from 10 sites of a major U.S. insurance company. Sites were randomly assigned to an intervention group in which volunteers were asked to follow a low-fat plant-based diet (5 sites) or to a control group (5 sites). Dietary intake, body weight, plasma lipid concentrations, blood pressure, and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1C) were determined at weeks 0 and 18.Energy (p=0.02), protein (p=0.001), fat (p=0.001), saturated fat (p=0.001), and cholesterol (p=0.003) intakes decreased in the intervention group as compared with the control group at 18 weeks. There was no significant change in the carbohydrate intake between the two groups. The mean reduction in body weight was 2.9 kg in the intervention group and 0.04 kg in the control group (P<0.01). Mean total cholesterol fell by 8.0 mg/dl in the intervention group and 0.01 mg/dl in the control group (P<0.01). Mean low density lipoprotein fell 8.1 mg/dl in the intervention group and 0.9 mg/dl in the control group (P<0.01). HbA1C fell by 0.6 percentage point in the intervention group and 0.1 percentage point in the control group (P<0.01). Restricting the analysis to individuals who did not change their medications did not substantially alter these results.We conclude that a dietary intervention using a low-fat vegan diet in a corporate setting improves body weight, plasma lipid concentrations, and, in individuals with diabetes, dysglycemia. ER  - 
A hospital based study of prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus in an urban population of India$$$ Objective: A cross-sectional institutional-based study was undertaken to know the prevalence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) among Indian pregnant women. Subjects and Methods: 325 pregnant women were screened for evidence of diabetes who were previously not known to be diabetic. They underwent 75 g, 2 hour, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Chi-square test was done for statistically association of variables in GDM. Results and Conclusions: The results of this study indicate that bad obstetrics history, obese patient on high calorie diet especially non vegetarian diet with less physical activity are highly prone to develop GDM. ER  - 
The effect of vegetarian diet on fatty acid composition of serum phopholipids and the association with insulin sensitivity and visceral fat in subjects with type 2 diabetes$$$ Background and aims: Insulin sensitivity is related to the composition of fatty acids in the serum and tissue lipids. The aim of our study was to examine the effect of vegetarian vs. conventional diet on fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids and to test the relations to insulin sensitivity and visceral fat content in subjects with T2D. Materials and methods: Subjects with T2D (n=74) were randomly assigned to the experimental group (EG, n=37) following vegetarian diet or the control group (CG, n=37) following conventional diet. Both diets were calorie-restricted (-500 kcal/day). Participants were examined at baseline, 12 weeks of diet intervention and 24 weeks (subsequent 12 weeks of diet were combined with aerobic exercise 3 hours/week). The fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids was measured by gas liquid chromatography. Insulin sensitivity was measured by the hyperinsulinemic (1 mU.kg-1.min-1) isoglycemic clamp. Visceral fat was measured by magnetic resonance imaging. Results: The linoleic acid (18:2n6) increased in EG (p=0.04) while it decreased in CG (p=0.04) in response to dietary interventions (group x time p<0.001). It did not change significantly after the addition of exercise in either group. The highly unsaturated n6 fatty acids decreased in both groups from week 0 to 24 (p<0.001 for EG; p=0.03 for CG), more in EG (group x time p=0.01), especially due to decrease of arachidonic acid (20:4 n6) in both groups (p<0.001 for EG; p=0.05 for CG), that was accordingly greater in EG (group x time p=0.01). Metabolic clearance rate of glucose (MCR) increased in both groups from week 0 to 24 (p<0.001 for each group), more in EG (group x time p=0.04). Volume of visceral fat decreased in both groups from week 0 to 24 (p<0.001 for each group), more in EG (group x time p=0.007). In EG, changes in the linoleic acid (18:2 n6) correlated positively with changes in MCR (r=+0.22; p=0.04) and negatively with changes in volume of visceral fat (r=-0.28; p=0.05). Conclusion: Vegetarian diet increased the content of linoleic acid in serum phospholipids. Its changes were associated with changes in MCR and visceral fat. The results support the hypothesis that these changes in linoleic acid could be involved in greater capacity of calorie-restricted vegetarian diet to improve insulin sensitivity compared to conventional diabetic diet. ER  - 
Changes in emerging cardiac biomarkers after an intensive lifestyle intervention$$$ The present study evaluated the changes in emerging cardiac biomarkers, cognitive function, and social support measures after a comprehensive lifestyle intervention that included a low-fat, whole-foods, plant-based diet, exercise, stress management, and group support meetings. We conducted a prospective cohort study of 131 participants (59.2% women and 43.1% with diabetes mellitus), 56 with coronary heart disease (CHD) (37.5% women and 27.3% diabetes mellitus), and 75 at high risk with ≥3 CHD risk factors and/or diabetes mellitus (76% women and 54.7% diabetes mellitus). The measurements were taken at baseline and 3 months after the intervention. Improvement in all targeted health behaviors was seen in both high-risk and CHD groups (all p <0.001) at 3 months, with reductions in body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, waist/hip ratio, C-reactive protein, insulin, low-density lipoprotein, high-density and total cholesterol, apolipoproteins A1 and B (all p <0.009) were observed. Nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy analysis of lipoprotein subclass particle concentrations and diameters showed a reduction in large very-low-density lipoprotein particles, size of the very-low-density lipoprotein particles, total low-density lipoprotein particles; total, large, and small high-density lipoprotein particles (all p <0.009) and small very-low-density lipoprotein particles (p <0.02). Increases in fibrinogen (p <0.03) and B-type natriuretic peptide (p <0.001) were seen, and these changes correlated inversely with the changes in the body mass index. The observed increase in B-type natriuretic peptide can be explained by the metabolic changes related to adipose tissue lipolysis. The quality of life, cognitive functioning, and social support measures significantly improved. In conclusion, lifestyle changes can be followed by favorable changes in traditional and emerging coronary heart disease biomarkers, quality of life, social support, and cognitive function among those with, or at high risk, of CHD. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Decreases in dietary glycemic index are related to weight loss among individuals following therapeutic diets for type 2 diabetes$$$ This study assessed the effect of changes in glycemic index (GI) and load (GL) on weight loss and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) among individuals with type 2 diabetes beginning a vegan diet or diet following the 2003 American Diabetes Association (ADA) recommendations. The study was a 22-wk, randomized trial of 99 participants with type 2 diabetes who were counseled to follow 1 of 2 diet treatments. GI and GL changes were assessed based on 3-d dietary records. The relationships between GI/GL and changes in weight and HbA1C were calculated. In an intention-to-treat analysis (n = 99), the vegan group reduced GI to a greater extent than the ADA group (P < 0.05), but GL was reduced further in the ADA than the vegan group (P < 0.001). GI predicted changes in weight (P = 0.001), adjusting for changes in fiber, carbohydrate, fat, alcohol, energy intake, steps per day, group, and demographics, such that for every point decrease in GI, participants lost ~0.2 kg (0.44 lb). GI was not a predictor for changes in HbA1C after controlling for weight loss (P = 0.33). Weight loss was a predictor of changes in HbA1C (P = 0.047). GL was not related to weight loss or changes in HbA1C. A low-GI diet appears to be one of the determinants of success of a vegan or ADA diet in reducing body weight among people with type 2 diabetes. The reduction of body weight, in turn, was predictive of decreasing HbA1C. © 2011 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
3 years data of 55 cases of laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy in indian type 2 city$$$ Aims: Obesity is on the rise in the Indian subcontinent with the rising economy. Predominantly Indian diet is vegetarian, and they consume food in bulk. We report our early experience with the laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy (LSG) for treating morbid obesity in the Indian population. Methods: The data of 55 patients, who underwent LSG for the treatment of morbid obesity at the Advanced Laparoscopic and Bariatric Surgery Centre, CHL-Apollo Hospital, Indore, MP, India from November 2007 to October 2010, were retrospectively reviewed. The vertical gastric sleeve is created laparoscopically using sequential firings of a linear stapling device, starting from level of crow's foot, which is applied alongside a 36-Fr gastric bougie. The data collected included age, gender, initial body mass index (BMI) and excess weight, the co-morbidity status, and preoperative investigations. Perioperative parameters and follow-up details [weight, BMI, excess weight loss (%EWL), resolution of co morbidities, and postoperative complications] were noted. Results: All procedures were successfully done laparoscopically without any conversion to open procedure.There was no major procedure-related morbidity. One patient developed Hemorrhage requiring blood transfusion. One patient developed neostigmine hypersensitivity reaction during reversal but patient survived after resuscitation. One patient died at 3 weeks postoperatively due to pulmonary embolism. The Male/Female-ratio was 22/33. The Mean Age was 40.7yrs (19yrs to 59yrs). The Mean BMI was 43kgs/mt2 (34.3 to 56.7). The Mean Weight was 109.7 (79 to 155kgs). Incidence of co morbidities, Diabetes- fourteen patients, Hypertension-twelve patients, Cholelithiasis- three patients, dyslipidemia- eleven patients Coronary Artery Disease-none. Approximately 40% patients had Vitamin B12 deficiency. Weight loss at 6 months was: 28.5 kg (loss range- 20 to 44 kgs), Weight loss at 1 yr- 38.2 kg (loss range 25 to 62 kgs). Type II diabetes was resolved in 85.7%, hypertension in 75%, and dyslipidemia in 91%. Conclusion: Although long-term results are necessary to determine the benefits of the procedure, early results indicate that LSG may be a safe and feasible option for treating the morbidly obese patients. We have observed that predominantly Indians consume vegetarian diet .Vitamin B12 deficiency is predominant and Patients preferred restrictive procedure like sleeve gastrectomy. ER  - 
Retrospective prescription-based survey in type 2 diabetes in an indian tertiary care hospital$$$ The guidelines for the treatment of type 2 diabetes have increasingly favored tighter glycemic control, necessitating the use of more aggressive pharmacological therapy. The objective of this study was to describe trends in the prescription of anti-diabetic medications among in-patients with type 2 diabetes. The study included 130 patients who had diabetes mellitus 2, were of either sex, any age, and had been undergoing treatment at tertiary care teaching hospital, Bangalore. A data was compiled from the medication usage records maintained by the hospital. Data were analyzed using SPSS 13.0 (SPSS Inc., Chicago, Illinois, United States of America). Student's t-test and analysis of variance (ANOVA) were employed to compare quantitative variables, and the chi-square test was applied to compare categorical variables. Results indicate that 58.46% of the study population was male patients, out of which 55.26% were having history of either smoking or alcohol. The prevalence of diabetes was observed more in the population taking non-vegetarian diet. Most common disease associated with diabetes mellitus was found to be hypertension (45.38%). Highest prevalence of disease was found to be in the age group of 51 to 60 yrs (28.46%). Highest prescribed antidiabetic agent is insulin followed by metformin and then glimepiride. In combinational therapy metformin and glimepiride is the maximum prescribed combination. The study indicated that the choice of anti-diabetic drugs remained more or less unchanged compared to previous studies. The study also revealed the common use of metformin and glimepiride along with insulin treatment for in-patients. The study pro-vides baseline data for carrying out further therapeutic audit with more parameters of analysis which in turn will provide regular feedback to researchers and prescribers. This may encourage rational prescribing in type 2 diabetes mellitus. © JK Welfare & Pharmascope Foundation. ER  - 
Vegetarian diet increases resting energy expenditure more than conventional diet in subjects with type 2 diabetes after aerobic exercise$$$ It has been reported that macronutrient oxidation and resting energy expenditure (REE) might be modified in response to changes in diet composition and that mitochondrial oxidation was significantly activated after low glycemic index diet. The aim of our study was to compare the effects of vegetarian (VD) and conventional diabetic diet (CD) with the same caloric restriction (-500 kcal/ day) on REE after a 12-weeks-diet-intervention and additional 12-weeks of diet combined with aerobic exercise in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Open, parallel randomized study. 74 subjects with T2D were randomly assigned to either VD or CD with the same caloric restriction (-500 kcal/day). Indirect calorimetry was performed using metabolic monitor VMAX; Sensor Medics, Anaheim, CA, USA at start, at weeks 12 (after diet intervention) and 24 (after additional 12 weeks of diet + aerobic exercise). Predicted REE was counted according to Harris Benedict equation. ANOVA for repeated measures was used for statistical analyses. REE increased in both groups after 12 weeks (p<0.001). After week 24 it remained constant in VD whereas it decreased in CD (p=0.03). There was a trend toward greater increase in REE from baseline to 24 weeks in VD (by 14% vs. 8% in CD; group x time p=0.07). If counted as percentage of the predicted REE according to Harris Benedict equation, it increased in both groups; the increase was greater in VD (by 18% vs. 9% in CD; group x time p=0.04). Respiratory quotient decreased in both groups from baseline both to 12 weeks (p<0.01) and to 24 weeks (p<0.001) as implicated by increase in fasting oxidation (FO) of fat in both groups (p<0.001). FO of carbohydrates decreased in CD by 89% (p=0.01) while it did not change in VD. FO of protein did not change in either group. We have observed greater increase in REE in VD. Lower glycemic index of VD, higher FO of carbohydrates and possible increase in mitochondrial oxidation may be partly responsible for greater increase in REE with VD after aerobic exercise. ER  - 
Efficacy of complementary and alternative medicine for type 2 diabetes mellitus: A review$$$ Diabetes mellitus, a chronic metabolic disease with a high prevalence, was associated with significant morbidity and mortality of 6.4% globally in 2010 and it is projected to be 7.7% by 2030. Lifestyle management measures such as exercise, a low-fat vegan (vegetarian) diet and weight control are essential and effective in improving glucose homeostasis. However, they may be insufficient, or patient compliance may be difficult, hence rendering conventional therapies, such as oral glucose-lowering agents and insulin injections necessary in many patients. Besides their adverse effects, oral glucose-lowering drugs are not always satisfactory in maintaining normal glucose levels and avoiding the late-stage complications of diabetes. Consequently, patients with diabetes and healthcare professionals are increasingly turning to complementary and alternative medicines (CAM) with anti-hyperglycaemic effects. The prevalence of use of CAM is estimated at 17 to 72.8% among people with diabetes. Commonly used hypoglycaemic medicinal herbs [Ginseng species, Momordica charantia (karela), Trigonella foenum graecum, Gymnema sylvestre, Allium cepa (onion), Allium sativum (garlic), Pterocarpus masupium, Vaccinium myrtillus, Atriplex halimus, Aloe vera, and others] and other alternative therapies (chromium, vanadium, magnesium, vitamin E, acupuncture, hot-tub therapy, and others) are reviewed. Comparisons of the side effects and mechanisms of action between conventional glucose-lowering drugs and CAM therapies are highlighted. Standardisation and comparison of the efficacy of CAM therapies with conventional drugs is needed. ER  - 
Efficacy of high-fiber diets in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus$$$ Objective: To review outcomes of randomized controlled clinical trials exploring the efficacy of different types of diets containing various amounts of fiber in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Methods: We searched PubMed, Medline, and Google Scholar for published data from the past decade (through December 2009) on dietary patterns and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Only randomized controlled trials investigating the effect of whole grains, fiber, or vegetarian diets on type 2 diabetes were included. Search criteria included whole grain, fruit, vegetable, fiber, and meat intake regarding insulin sensitivity and glycemic responses in healthy, prediabetic, and diabetic persons. Results: A total of 14 randomized clinical trials were included. Addition of insoluble or soluble fiber to meals, increased consumption of diets rich in whole grains and vegetables, and vegan diets improve glucose metabolism and increase insulin sensitivity. The greatest improvement in blood lipids, body weight, and hemoglobin A1c level occurred in participants following low-fat, plant-based diets. Conclusions: Increased consumption of vegetables, whole grains, and soluble and insoluble fiber is associated with improved glucose metabolism in both diabetic and nondiabetic individuals. Improvements in insulin sensitivity and glucose homeostasis were more evident in participants following a plant-based diet compared with other commonly used diets. Copyright © 2011 AACE. ER  - 
Evaluation of the burden of type 2 diabetes mellitus in population of Puducherry, South India$$$ Aims: To find out the prevalence of undiagnosed diabetes mellitus and the correlates among the adult population of Puducherry, South India. Methods: In this population based cross-sectional study in the rural and urban field practice area of Mahatma Gandhi Medical College and Research Institute, Puducherry, by simple random sampling 1013 adults of 30 years and above, not on anti-diabetics drugs were included. Main outcome measures were the prevalence and correlates of undiagnosed diabetes mellitus among the adult population. Pre-designed and pre-tested questionnaire was used to elicit the information on family and individual socio-demographic variables. Height, weight, waist and hip circumference, blood pressure were measured and venous blood was collected to measure fasting blood glucose and blood cholesterol. Results: Overall, 10.3% study subjects were diagnosed as diabetic. In univariate analysis age, dilatory habit, tobacco addiction, body mass index, waist hip ratio, hypertension, and total blood cholesterol were found statistically significant. In multivariate logistic regression (LR method) analysis age, residence, education, dietary habit, tobacco addiction, body mass index, waist hip ratio and total blood cholesterol were statistically significant. Conclusions: In our study adults having increased age, urban residence, illiterate, non-vegetarian diet, tobacco addiction, obese and high total blood cholesterol were important correlates. © 2010 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Nutrition concerns and health effects of vegetarian diets$$$ Vegetarians exhibit a wide diversity of dietary practices, often described by what is omitted from their diet. When a vegetarian diet is appropriately planned and includes fortified foods, it can be nutritionally adequate for adults and children and can promote health and lower the risk of major chronic diseases. The nutrients of concern in the diet of vegetarians include vitamin B12, vitamin D, ω-3 fatty acids, calcium, iron, and zinc. Although a vegetarian diet can meet current recommendations for all of these nutrients, the use of supplements and fortified foods provides a useful shield against deficiency. A vegetarian diet usually provides a low intake of saturated fat and cholesterol and a high intake of dietary fiber and many health-promoting phytochemicals. This is achieved by an increased consumption of fruits, vegetables, whole-grains, legumes, nuts, and various soy products. As a result of these factors, vegetarians typically have lower body mass index, serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and blood pressure; reduced rates of death from ischemic heart disease; and decreased incidence of hypertension, stroke, type 2 diabetes, and certain cancers than do nonvegetarians. © 2010 American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition. ER  - 
Cotransplantation of adipose tissue-derived insulin-secreting mesenchymal stem cells and hematopoietic stem cells: A novel therapy for insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus$$$ Aims. Insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) is believed to be an autoimmune disorder with disturbed glucose/insulin metabolism, requiring life-long insulin replacement therapy (IRT), 30 of patients develop end-organ failure. We present our experience of cotransplantation of adipose tissue derived insulin-secreting mesenchymal stem cells (IS-AD-MSC) and cultured bone marrow (CBM) as IRT for these patients. Methods. This was a prospective open-labeled clinical trial to test efficacy and safety of IS-AD-MSC+CBM co-transplantation to treat IDDM, approved by the institutional review board after informed consent in 11 (males: females: 7: 4) patients with 1-24-year disease duration, in age group: 13-43 years, on mean values of exogenous insulin requirement of 1.14 units/kgBW/day, glycosylated hemoglobin (Hb1Ac): 8.47%, and c-peptide levels: 0.1ng/mL. Intraportal infusion of xenogeneic-free IS-AD-MSC from living donors, subjected to defined culture conditions and phenotypically differentiated to insulin-secreting cells, with mean quantum: 1.5mL, expressing Pax-6, Isl-1, and pdx-1, cell counts: 2.1 × 103/μL, CD45-/90+/73+:40/30.1%, C-Peptide level:1.8ng/mL, and insulin level: 339.3 IU/mL with CBM mean quantum: 96.3mL and cell counts: 28.1 × 103/μL, CD45-/34 +:0.62, was carried out. Results. All were successfully transplanted without any untoward effect. Over mean followup of 23 months, they had a decreased mean exogenous insulin requirement to 0.63units/kgBW/day, Hb1Ac to 7.39, raised serum c-peptide levels to 0.38ng/mL, and became free of diabetic ketoacidosis events with mean 2.5Kg weight gain on normal vegetarian diet and physical activities. Conclusion. This is the first report of treating IDDM with insulin-secreting-AD-MSC+CBM safely and effectively with relatively simple techniques. Copyright © 2010 A. V. Vanikar et al. ER  - 
Vegetarian diet improves plasma concentrations of adipokines and oxidative stress markers more than conventional diabetic diet in subjects with type 2 diabetes$$$ Background and aims: Trials using vegetarian diet in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D) have shown greater improvement in HbA1c compared to conventional diabetic. We sought to investigate the effect of vegetarian diet on plasma concentrations of adipokines and oxidative stress markers. Materials and methods: Subjects with T2D (n=74) were randomly assigned to experimental group (EG, n=37) following vegetarian diet or control group (CG, n=37) following conventional diabetic diet with the same caloric restriction. Participants were examined at baseline, 12 weeks of diet intervention and 24 weeks (second 12 weeks of diet were combined with aerobic exercise). Plasma concentrations of chosen adipokines and oxidative stress markers were measured using commercial kits. Results: 43% of EG and 5% of CG participants reduced diabetes medication. Body weight decreased by 6.2 kg in EG and by 3.2 kg in CG (interaction between group and time p=0.001). Plasma concentrations of vitamin C increased in EG by 22% (p=0.002; group x time p=0.002). Superoxide dismutase increased in EG by 49% (p<0.001), whereas in CG it decreased by 30% (p<0.001; group x time p<0.001). Catalase increased in both groups (p<0.001 for EG and p=0.01 for CG). TBARS decreased in both groups (p<0.001 for both groups). Reduced glutathione increased in EG by 27% (p=0.02), whereas in CG it decreased by 11% (p=0.05; group x time p<0.001). Glutathione reductase decreased in EG by 42% (p<0.001) while glutathione peroxidase increased in CG by 20% (p<0.001) and glutathione transferase increased in both groups, more in CG (by 59% vs. 14% in EG; group x time p=0.003). Plasma concentrations of total adiponectin increased in EG by 19% (p=0.05; group x time p=0.02). HMW adiponectin increased in EG by 15% (p=0.02; group x time p=0.05). Resistin increased by 24% in CG (p=0.01; group x time p=0.005). Leptin decreased by 35% in EG (p=0.02; group x time p=0.05). Conclusion: Vegetarian diet led to greater weight loss and reduction of diabetes medication and to greater improvement in plasma levels of adipokines and oxidative stress markers. Vegetarian diet could be a more convenient alternative in treatment of T2D. ER  - 
Vegetarian diet improves insulin secretion and physical fitness more than conventional diabetic diet in subjects with type 2 diabetes after aerobic exercise program$$$ Results: The aim of our study was to evaluate the effect of vegetarian diet (VD) compared to conventional diabetic diet (CD) with similar caloric restriction on insulin secretion (IS) and physical fitness (PF) in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D) after a 3-months- intervention of diet and aerobic exercise program. Open, parallel randomized study. 70 subjects with T2D were randomly assigned to either experimental group (EG) following VD or control group (CG) following CD with similar caloric restriction (-500 kcal/day). All meals during the study were provided. Participants were prescribed an individualized exercise program. IS was evaluated after standard meal stimulation; PF was measured by spiroergometry at start and after 12 weeks. Decrease of stimulated glucose plasma concentrations was significant only in EG, but the difference between groups was not significant (interaction between group and time p=0.4). Decrease of stimulated immunoreactive insulin plasma concentrations was significant only in EG (interaction between group and time p<0.001). Decrease of stimulated C-peptide plasma concentrations was significant only in EG (interaction between group and time p<0.01). Systolic blood pressure at maximal performance (MP) did not change in either group. Diastolic blood pressure at MP decreased in both groups (p<0.001): by 8% in EG, and by 6% in CG, with no difference between groups. Heart rate at MP did not change in either group. Maximal oxygen consumption (VO2 max) increased by 12% in EG, whereas it did not change in CG (between-group p<0.01). MP (Watt max) increased by 21% in EG, whereas it did not change in CG (between-group p<0.05). Our results indicate that VD leads more effectively to improvement in IS and PF than CD after aerobic exercise program. VD could be a more convenient alternative in treatment of T2D. ER  - 
A multicomponent intervention reduces body weight and cardiovascular risk at a GEICO corporate site.$$$ PURPOSE: To determine whether a multicomponent nutrition intervention program at a corporate site reduces body weight and improves other cardiovascular risk factors in overweight individuals. DESIGN: Prospective clinical intervention study. SUBJECTS/SETTING: Employees of the Government Employees Insurance Company (GEICO) (N = 113), aged 21 to 65 years, with a body mass index > or =25 kg/m(2) and/or previous diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. INTERVENTION: A 22-week intervention including a low-fat, vegan diet. MEASURES: Changes in body weight, anthropometric measures, blood pressure, lipid profile, and dietary intake. ANALYSIS: Multivariate analyses of variance were calculated for clinical and nutrient measures, followed by univariate analyses of variance, to determine the significance of differences between groups in changes over time. RESULTS: Intervention-group participants experienced greater weight changes compared with control-group participants (mean, -5.1 [SE, .6] kg vs. + .1 [SE, .6] kg, p < .0001), as well as greater changes in waist circumference (mean, -4.7 [SE, .6] cm vs. + .8 [SE, .6] cm, p < .0001) and waistratiohip ratio (mean, -.006 [SE, .003] vs. + .014 [SE, .005], p = .0007). Weight loss of 5% of body weight was more frequently observed in the intervention group (48.5%) compared with the control group (11.1%) (chi(2)[1, N = 113] = 16.99, p < .0001). CONCLUSIONS: Among individuals volunteering for a 22-week worksite research study, an intervention using a low-fat, vegan diet effectively reduced body weight and waist circumference. ER  - 
Vegetarianism - current state of knowledge$$$ The vegetarian diets (vd) are still growing in popularity in developed Western countries. Vegetarians exclude from their diet all types of meat. Nowadays vegetarianism has many varieties: lacto-ovovegetarianism allows consumption of dairy products and eggs while vegan diet excludes all animal products including eggs and milk. Vd are low in calories, saturated fat and cholesterol and are rich in magnesium, potassium, vitamins Cand E, folates, flavonoids, carotenoids, and fiber. Potential deficits are associated with the low content of vitamins B12, D, calcium and zinc. Vegetarians are slimmer than the general population, rarely suffer from cardiovascular diseases, type II diabetes, hypertension and some cancers. From this perspective carefully planned vd can be regarded as an impulse in the fight against the epidemic of obesity and lifestyle diseases with which modern society face in developed countries. © Wydawnictwo Continuo. ER  - 
Metformin and vitamin b12 deficiency: An often overlooked association$$$ LEARNING OBJECTIVE 1: Identify metformin as a potential cause of vitamin B12 deficiency. LEARNING OBJECTIVE 2: Discuss screening for vitamin B12 deficiency in patients taking metformin. CASE: A 57-year-old female with a past medical history of type 2 diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, hypothyroidism, and morbid obesity was seen in clinic for follow-up after a recent hospitalization for a respiratory illness. She had been started on metformin 500 mg BID in March 2009 for her diabetes, and the medication had been effective in lowering her HgbA1C and promoting weight loss. Routine labs drawn during hospitalization showed an MCV of 102 fL and a hematocrit of 34.5%. A diagnosis of megaloblastic anemia was entertained, and the patient was worked-up for vitamin B12 deficiency. Although her B12 level was low-normal at 252 pg/mL (normal 240-900), both her methylmalomic acid and homocysteine levels were elevated at 343 nmol/L (normal 87-318) and 80.7 umol/L (normal 4.5-12.4) respectively. After receiving this new diagnosis, the patient asked about metformin contributing to her B12 deficiency. The package insert for metformin suggests that “serum B12 levels be monitored every 2-3 years in patients predisposed to low vitamin B12.” However, although metformin-induced B12 deficiency was considered, her labs returned positive for antibodies to intrinsic factor, consistent with pernicious anemia, and she was treated with parenteral B12 injections. DISCUSSION: Vitamin B12 deficiency, as defined by low levels of cobalamin or high levels of methylmalonic acid and homocysteine, is a common cause of megaloblastic anemia. Numerous etiologies have been identified for the condition, including pernicious anemia, gastrointestinal abnormalities (as in Crohn's Disease), and a strict vegan diet. However, other factors may contribute to low levels of cobalamin, including certain drugs like metformin, which block absorption of the vitamin. Various studies have demonstrated decreased levels of vitamin B12 in patients taking this oral biguanide. A randomized,placebocontrolled trial in the Journal of Internal Medicine concluded that in patients with type 2 diabetes, 16 weeks of treatment with metformin was associated with reduced levels of folate and vitamin B12 and moderate increases of homocysteine.[1] A 2006 case-control study in Archives of Internal Medicine demonstrated similar findings, related to metformin dose and treatment duration.[2] The mechanism of this effect is not well understood, but likely results from malabsorption of vitamin B12 and intrinsic factor (IF) in the ileum. Uptake of the B12/IF complex is a calcium-mediated process, and metformin interferes with intestinal calcium channels; as such, calcium supplementation may be effective in reversing this condition.[3] Metformin remains a valuable tool in lowering HgbA1C in patients with type 2 diabetes; however, providers must be aware of the association between its use and vitamin B12 deficiency, especially in patients on long-term therapy and/or taking high doses. Patients should be queried about neurologic problems and screened for signs and symptoms of anemia. Adherence to a diet rich in folic acid/ B12 should be encouraged, and calcium supplementation may be a reasonable option as well. Serum B12 should be monitored at least every 2-3 years, or more frequently in the face of alarming symptoms or laboratory abnormalities. [1] Wulffele, M. G et. al Effects of short term treatment with metformin on serum concentrations of homocysteine, folate, and vitamin B12 in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randominzed, placebo-controlled trial. ER  - 
A worksite programme significantly alters nutrient intakes$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine whether a worksite nutrition programme using a low-fat vegan diet could significantly improve nutritional intake. DESIGN: At two corporate sites of the Government Employees Insurance Company, employees who were either overweight (BMI ≥ 25 kg/m2) and/or had type 2 diabetes participated in a 22-week worksite-based dietary intervention study. SETTING: At the intervention site, participants were asked to follow a low-fat vegan diet and participate in weekly group meetings that included instruction and group support (intervention group). At the control site, participants received no instruction (control group). At weeks 0 and 22, participants completed 3 d dietary records to assess energy and nutrient intake. SUBJECTS: A total of 109 participants (sixty-five intervention and forty-four control). RESULTS: In the intervention group, reported intake of total fat, trans fat, saturated fat and cholesterol decreased significantly (P ≤ 0·001), as did energy and protein (P = 0·01), and vitamin B12 (P = 0·002), compared with the control group. Intake (exclusive of any use of nutritional supplements) of carbohydrate, fibre, vitamin C, magnesium and potassium increased significantly (P ≤ 0·0001), as did that for β-carotene (P = 0·0004), total vitamin A activity (P = 0·004), vitamin K (P = 0·01) and sodium (P = 0·04) in the intervention group, compared with the control group. CONCLUSIONS: The present study suggests that a worksite vegan nutrition programme increases intakes of protective nutrients, such as fibre, folate and vitamin C, and decreases intakes of total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol. ER  - 
A plant-based diet for type 2 diabetes: Scientific support and practical strategies$$$ Purpose The purpose of this review is to provide educators with the knowledge and tools to utilize plant-based nutrition education as an intervention for type 2 diabetes. Scientific support for the efficacy, acceptability, and nutritional adequacy of a plant-based diet for people with type 2 diabetes is presented, and practical considerations such as medication adjustment and risk of hypoglycemia are reviewed. Conclusions Plant-based meal planning is an acceptable and effective strategy that educators can use to improve diabetes management and reduce risk of complications. Studies show that dietary changes that are effective for reducing cardiac risk may also be helpful for management of type 2 diabetes. A low-fat, plant-based diet reduces body weight and improves glycemic control, and has been shown to be remarkably well accepted by patients. © 2010 The Author(s). ER  - 
Position of the American Dietetic Association: Vegetarian Diets$$$ It is the position of the American Dietetic Association that appropriately planned vegetarian diets, including total vegetarian or vegan diets, are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and may provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. Well-planned vegetarian diets are appropriate for individuals during all stages of the life cycle, including pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, and adolescence, and for athletes. A vegetarian diet is defined as one that does not include meat (including fowl) or seafood, or products containing those foods. This article reviews the current data related to key nutrients for vegetarians including protein, n-3 fatty acids, iron, zinc, iodine, calcium, and vitamins D and B12. A vegetarian diet can meet current recommendations for all of these nutrients. In some cases, supplements or fortified foods can provide useful amounts of important nutrients. An evidence-based review showed that vegetarian diets can be nutritionally adequate in pregnancy and result in positive maternal and infant health outcomes. The results of an evidencebased review showed that a vegetarian diet is associated with a lower risk of death from ischemic heart disease. Vegetarians also appear to have lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, lower blood pressure, and lower rates of hypertension and type 2 diabetes than nonvegetarians. Furthermore, vegetarians tend to have a lower body mass index and lower overall cancer rates. Features of a vegetarian diet that may reduce risk of chronic disease include lower intakes of saturated fat and cholesterol and higher intakes of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, nuts, soy products, fiber, and phytochemicals. The variability of dietary practices among vegetarians makes individual assessment of dietary adequacy essential. In addition to assessing dietary adequacy, food and nutrition professionals can also play key roles in educating vegetarians about sources of specific nutrients, food purchase and preparation, and dietary modifications to meet their needs. © 2010 AEBM, AEFA y SEQC. ER  - 
Vegan diet-what the physician should bear in mind$$$ A vegan diet excludes the consumption of all types of meat and all products of animal origin such as milk, dairy products, eggs, gelatin. Vegans are thinner than the general population, rarely suffer from cardiovascular disease, type II diabetes, hypertension and some cancers. They are also a population with a particularly favorable parameters of lipid metabolism. World authorities in the field of nutrition claim that a properly planned vegan diet can meet human needs at every stage of life cycle. They stressed, however, that it requires special attention in the selection of food products and the need for consumption of foods fortified with certain compounds or dietary supplements. Vitamin B12 deficiency is still the current problem among vegans. Therefore, the need for vitamin B12 concentration systematical monitoring should be emphasized. The education in this field should include both doctors and dietitians as well as vegans themselves. © Wydawnictwo Continuo. ER  - 
Vegetarian Dietary Patterns as a Means to Achieve Reduction in Cardiovascular Disease and Diabetes Risk Factors$$$ Cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes are uncommon in people consuming vegetarian and vegan diets. Vegetarian and vegan dietary patterns tend to result in lower body weight and better nutritional profiles than conventional healthy eating patterns and have been shown to be an effective tool for management of cardiovascular disease and diabetes risk. The consistency of observed beneficial outcomes with vegetarian and vegan eating styles warrants the expansion of dietary guidelines for prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease and diabetes to include well-planned vegetarian dietary patterns as a viable alternative to conventional dietary treatments. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Usefulness of vegetarian and vegan diets for treating type 2 diabetes$$$ Significant benefits for diabetes prevention and management have been observed with vegetarian and especially vegan diets. This article reviews observational studies and intervention trials on such diets, and discusses their efficacy, nutritional adequacy, acceptability, and sustainability. Research to date has demonstrated that a low-fat, plant-based nutritional approach improves control of weight, glycemia, and cardiovascular risk. These studies have also shown that carefully planned vegan diets can be more nutritious than diets based on more conventional diet guidelines, with an acceptability that is comparable with that of other therapeutic regimens. Current intervention guidelines from professional organizations offer support for this approach. Vegetarian and vegan diets present potential advantages in managing type 2 diabetes that merit the attention of individuals with diabetes and their caregivers. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2010. ER  - 
A worksite vegan nutrition program is well-accepted and improves health-related quality of life and work productivity$$$ Background/Aims: Vegetarian and vegan diets are effective in preventing and treating several chronic diseases. However, their acceptability outside a clinical trial setting has not been extensively studied. The aim of this study was to determine the acceptability of a worksite vegan nutrition program and its effects on health-related quality of life and work productivity. Methods: Employees of a major insurance corporation with a body mass index ≥25 kg/m2 and/or a previous diagnosis of type 2 diabetes received either weekly group instruction on a low-fat vegan diet (n = 68) or received no diet instruction (n = 45) for 22 weeks. Results: The vegan group reported improvements in general health (p = 0.002), physical functioning (p = 0.001), mental health (p = 0.03), vitality (p = 0.004), and overall diet satisfaction (p < 0.001) compared with the control group. The vegan group also reported a decrease in food costs (p = 0.003), and increased difficulty finding foods when eating out (p = 0.04) compared with the control group. The vegan group reported a 40-46% decrease in health-related productivity impairments at work (p = 0.03) and in regular daily activities (p = 0.004). Conclusions: A worksite vegan nutrition program is well-accepted and can be implemented by employers to improve the health, quality of life, and work productivity of employees. © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Position of the American Dietetic Association: vegetarian diets.$$$ It is the position of the American Dietetic Association that appropriately planned vegetarian diets, including total vegetarian or vegan diets, are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and may provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. Well-planned vegetarian diets are appropriate for individuals during all stages of the life cycle, including pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, and adolescence, and for athletes. A vegetarian diet is defined as one that does not include meat (including fowl) or seafood, or products containing those foods. This article reviews the current data related to key nutrients for vegetarians including protein, n-3 fatty acids, iron, zinc, iodine, calcium, and vitamins D and B-12. A vegetarian diet can meet current recommendations for all of these nutrients. In some cases, supplements or fortified foods can provide useful amounts of important nutrients. An evidence- based review showed that vegetarian diets can be nutritionally adequate in pregnancy and result in positive maternal and infant health outcomes. The results of an evidence-based review showed that a vegetarian diet is associated with a lower risk of death from ischemic heart disease. Vegetarians also appear to have lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, lower blood pressure, and lower rates of hypertension and type 2 diabetes than nonvegetarians. Furthermore, vegetarians tend to have a lower body mass index and lower overall cancer rates. Features of a vegetarian diet that may reduce risk of chronic disease include lower intakes of saturated fat and cholesterol and higher intakes of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, nuts, soy products, fiber, and phytochemicals. The variability of dietary practices among vegetarians makes individual assessment of dietary adequacy essential. In addition to assessing dietary adequacy, food and nutrition professionals can also play key roles in educating vegetarians about sources of specific nutrients, food purchase and preparation, and dietary modifications to meet their needs. ER  - 
Type of vegetarian diet, body weight, and prevalence of type 2 diabetes$$$ OBJECTIVE - We assessed the prevalence of type 2 diabetes in people following different types of vegetarian diets compared with that in nonvegetarians. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - The study population comprised 22,434 men and 38,469 women who participated in the Adventist Health Study-2 conducted in 2002-2006. We collected self-reported demographic, anthropometric, medical history, and lifestyle data from Seventh-Day Adventist church members across North America. The type of vegetarian diet was categorized based on a food-frequency questionnaire. We calculated odds ratios (ORs) and 95% CIs using multivariate-adjusted logistic regression. RESULTS - Mean BMI was lowest in vegans (23.6 kg/m2) and incrementally higher in lactoovo vegetarians (25.7 kg/m2), pesco-vegetarians (26.3 kg/m2), semi-vegetarians (27.3 kg/m2), and nonvegetarians (28.8 kg/m 2). Prevalence of type 2 diabetes increased from 2.9% in vegans to 7.6% in nonvegetarians; the prevalence was intermediate in participants consuming lacto-ovo (3.2%), pesco (4.8%), or semi-vegetarian (6.1%) diets. After adjustment for age, sex, ethnicity, education, income, physical activity, television watching, sleep habits, alcohol use, and BMI, vegans (OR 0.51 [95% CI 0.40-0.66]), lacto-ovo vegetarians (0.54 [0.49-0.60]), pescovegetarians (0.70 [0.61- 0.80]), and semi-vegetarians (0.76 [0.65- 0.90]) had a lower risk of type 2 diabetes than nonvegetarians. CONCLUSIONS - The 5-unit BMI difference between vegans and nonvegetarians indicates a substantial potential of vegetarianism to protect against obesity. Increased conformity to vegetarian diets protected against risk of type 2 diabetes after lifestyle characteristics and BMI were taken into account. Pesco- and semi-vegetarian diets afforded intermediate protection. © 2009 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
A low-fat vegan diet elicits greater macronutrient changes, but is comparable in adherence and acceptability, compared with a more conventional diabetes diet among individuals with type 2 diabetes.$$$ BACKGROUND: Although therapeutic diets are critical to diabetes management, their acceptability to patients is largely unstudied. OBJECTIVE: To quantify adherence and acceptability for two types of diets for diabetes. DESIGN: Controlled trial conducted between 2004 and 2006. SUBJECTS/SETTING: Individuals with type 2 diabetes (n=99) at a community-based research facility. Participants were randomly assigned to a diet following 2003 American Diabetes Association guidelines or a low-fat, vegan diet for 74 weeks. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Attrition, adherence, dietary behavior, diet acceptability, and cravings. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: For nutrient intake and questionnaire scores, t tests determined between-group differences. For diet-acceptability measures, the related samples Wilcoxon sum rank test assessed within-group changes; the independent samples Mann-Whitney U test compared the diet groups. Changes in reported symptoms among the groups was compared using chi(2) for independent samples. RESULTS: All participants completed the initial 22 weeks; 90% (45/50) of American Diabetes Association guidelines diet group and 86% (42/49) of the vegan diet group participants completed 74 weeks. Fat and cholesterol intake fell more and carbohydrate and fiber intake increased more in the vegan group. At 22 weeks, group-specific diet adherence criteria were met by 44% (22/50) of members of the American Diabetes Association diet group and 67% (33/49) of vegan-group participants (P=0.019); the American Diabetes Association guidelines diet group reported a greater increase in dietary restraint; this difference was not significant at 74 weeks. Both groups reported reduced hunger and reduced disinhibition. Questionnaire responses rated both diets as satisfactory, with no significant differences between groups, except for ease of preparation, for which the 22-week ratings marginally favored the American Diabetes Association guideline group. Cravings for fatty foods diminished more in the vegan group at 22 weeks, with no significant difference at 74 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: Despite its greater influence on macronutrient intake, a low-fat, vegan diet has an acceptability similar to that of a more conventional diabetes diet. Acceptability appears to be no barrier to its use in medical nutrition therapy. ER  - 
Does a low-fat vegetarian diet improve insulin resistance and beta cell function in individuals with type 2 diabetes?$$$ Background and aims: Diabetes prevalence is relatively low among indi-viduals consuming plant-based and vegetarian diets, and clinical trials using such diets have shown greater effect on weight loss, greater reduction of LDL cholesterol, HbA1c and diabetes medication than conventional diabetic diet. The aim of our study was to evaluate the effect of low-fat vegetarian diet compared to conventional diabetic diet with similar caloric restriction on insulin resistance, β-cell function, body weight and resting energy expenditure in individuals with type 2 diabetes after a 3-month-diet-intervention. Materials and methods: Open, parallel rand omized study. 70 individuals with type 2 diabetes were rand omly assigned to either experimental group (EG) following a low-fat vegetarian diet or the control group (CG) following conventional diabetic diet with similar caloric restriction (-500 kcal/day). We measured all common anthropometric and laboratory parameters; glucose tolerance and insulin secretion was evaluated after stand ard meal stimula-tion; we assessed insulin resistance by a 3-hour hyperinsulinemic isoglycemic clamp; resting energy expenditure was measured by indirect calorimetry. All the procedures were done at start (0) and after 12 weeks. Results: Average weight loss was greater in the EG than in the CG (6.41±4.23 vs. 3.47±4.07 kg; p<0.01). Diabetes medication was reduced according to the study protocol in 15 subjects from the EG (42.86%) vs. in 2 subjects from the CG (6.45%). We noticed an increase in post-load plasma C-peptide concen-trations in the EG (p<0.05), whereas changes in stimulated C-peptide in the CG were not significant. We observed a trend to a greater reduction of plasma HbA1c, cholesterol, free fatty acids and both fasting and post-load glucose in the EG, but the differences were not statistically significant. Insulin resistance decreased (p<0.01) similarly in both groups. Respiration coefficient decreased (p<0.01) and fasting fat oxidation increased (p<0.01) similarly in both groups. Conclusion: Our results indicate that low-fat vegetarian diet leads more effectively to reduction of diabetes medication and improvement of β-cell function than the conventional diabetic diet and it could be a more convenient alternative in treatment of type 2 diabetes. ER  - 
Changes in eating behavior, depression and quality of life in patients with type 2 diabetes after a 3-months-intervention with low-fat vegetarian diet and conventional diabetic diet$$$ Background and aims: When compared to conventional diabetic diet, the clinical trials using vegetarian diets have shown greater effect on weight loss, greater reduction of LDL cholesterol, HbA1c and diabetes medication. The aim of our study was to determine eating behaviour, the degree of depression, and quality of life in patients with type 2 diabetes attending an intervention programme with different hypocaloric diets (low-fat vegetarian diet com pared to conventional diabetic diet).Materials and methods: Open, parallel randomized study. 70 individuals with type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to a low-fat vegetarian diet (experimental group; EG) or conventional diabetic diet (control group; CG) with similar caloric restriction (-500 kcal/day). All patients were examined, using the The Three-Factor Eating Questionnaire (Stunkard and Messick), Beck's Depression Inventory (BDI), a questionnaire on Quality of life (OWL QoL) and a questionnaire tracing negative symptoms caused by overweight and obesity (WRSM) at baseline (0) and after 12 weeks of diet intervention. Results: I. Both groups as a whole. Patients in both groups lost weight (p<0.01). The average BDI score decreased significantly after the intervention (p<0.05). Patients in both groups noticed significantly lower feelings of hunger after the intervention (p<0.01). The quality of life improved in both groups (p<0.01). II. Differences between groups. Average weight loss was greater in the EG than in the CG (6.41±4.23 vs. 3.47±4.07 kg; p<0.01). There were no differences between groups in the average BDI score (8.3±5.5 vs. 8.6±8) at start, which did not reach the threshold of depressive symptoms. Nevertheless the aver age BDI score decreased significantly after the intervention (p<0.05). The interindividual variations are remarkable in both groups. The differences between both groups after the intervention are not statistically significant. In the disinhibition scale and hunger score, there are no statistically significant differences between the groups at start, but we can see a trend toward greater food disinhibition score in the EG (6.3 EG vs. 5.4 CG) and stronger feelings of hunger in the EG (4.9 EG vs. 3.4 CG) at start, whereas there is a trend toward greater decrease in feelings of hunger in the EG (1.88 EG vs. 0.83 CG) but there are no significant differences between groups in food disinhibition score after the intervention. The quality of life improved in both groups (p<0.01): the WRSM score decreased by 9.1 vs. 11.8 with no statistically significant differences between groups and the OWLQoL score decreased with no statistically significant differences between groups (p<0.05). There were no differences between groups in the restriction scale at start (8.7±3.8 vs. 8.4± 4.8), whereas after the intervention the conscious control of food increased significantly in both groups, more in the CG (by 2.1 in the EG vs. 4.47 in the CG, p<0.05). Conclusion: The results show a remarkable positive effect of the diet intervention on the quality of life, the BDI score and feelings of hunger. Patients from the CG expressed stronger feelings of restriction in food. In the EG patients lost more weight and expressed feelings of restriction in food and feelings of hunger less frequently. ER  - 
A low-fat vegan diet and a conventional diabetes diet in the treatment of type 2 diabetes: A randomized, controlled, 74-wk clinical trial$$$ Background: Low-fat vegetarian and vegan diets are associated with weight loss, increased insulin sensitivity, and improved cardiovascular health. Objective: We compared the effects of a low-fat vegan diet and conventional diabetes diet recommendations on glycemia, weight, and plasma lipids. Design: Free-living individuals with type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to a low-fat vegan diet (n = 49) or a diet following 2003 American Diabetes Association guidelines (conventional, n = 50) for 74 wk. Glycated hemoglobin (Hb A 1c) and plasma lipids were assessed at weeks 0, 11, 22, 35, 48, 61, and 74. Weight was measured at weeks 0, 22, and 74. Results: Weight loss was significant within each diet group but not significantly different between groups (-4.4 kg in the vegan group and -3.0 kg in the conventional diet group, P = 0.25) and related significantly to Hb A1c changes (r = 0.50, P = 0.001). Hb A1c changes from baseline to 74 wk or last available values were -0.34 and -0.14 for vegan and conventional diets, respectively (P = 0.43). Hb A1c changes from baseline to last available value or last value before any medication adjustment were -0.40 and 0.01 for vegan and conventional diets, respectively (P = 0.03). In analyses before alterations in lipid-lowering medications, total cholesterol decreased by 20.4 and 6.8 mg/dL in the vegan and conventional diet groups, respectively (P = 0.01); LDL cholesterol decreased by 13.5 and 3.4 mg/dL in the vegan and conventional groups, respectively (P = 0.03). Conclusions: Both diets were associated with sustained reductions in weight and plasma lipid concentrations. In an analysis controlling for medication changes, a low-fat vegan diet appeared to improve glycemia and plasma lipids more than did conventional diabetes diet recommendations. Whether the observed differences provide clinical benefit for the macro- or microvascular complications of diabetes remains to be established. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00276939. © 2009 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
D2 dopamine receptor Taq1A polymorphism, body weight, and dietary intake in type 2 diabetes$$$ Objective: Certain D2 dopamine receptor Taq 1A genotypes (A1A1, A1A2) have been associated with obesity and substance abuse. We hypothesized that their presence would be associated with reduced efficacy of dietary interventions in individuals with type 2 diabetes. Methods: In the course of a randomized clinical trial in an outpatient research center in which 93 adults with type 2 diabetes were assigned to a low-fat vegan diet or a diet following 2003 American Diabetes Association guidelines for 74 wk, Taq 1A genotype was determined. Nutrient intake, body weight, and hemoglobin A1c (A1c) were measured over 74 wk. Results: The A1 allele was highly prevalent, occurring in 47% of white participants (n = 49), which was significantly higher than the 29% prevalence previously reported in non-diabetic whites (P = 0.01). The A1 allele was found in 55% of black participants (n = 44). Black participants with A1+ genotypes had significantly greater mean body weight (11.2 kg heavier, P = 0.05) and greater intake of fat (P = 0.002), saturated fat (P = 0.01), and cholesterol (P = 0.02) compared with A2A2 (A1-) individuals; dietary changes during the study did not favor one genotype group. Among whites, baseline anthropometric and nutrient differences between gene groups were small. However, among whites in the vegan group, A1+ individuals reduced fat intake (P = 0.04) and A1c (P = 0.01) significantly less than did A1- individuals. Conclusion: The A1 allele appears to be highly prevalent among individuals with type 2 diabetes. Potential influences on diet, weight, and glycemic control merit further exploration. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Changes in Nutrient Intake and Dietary Quality among Participants with Type 2 Diabetes Following a Low-Fat Vegan Diet or a Conventional Diabetes Diet for 22 Weeks$$$ Background: Although vegan diets improve diabetes management, little is known about the nutrient profiles or diet quality of individuals with type 2 diabetes who adopt a vegan diet. Objective: To assess the changes in nutrient intake and dietary quality among participants following a low-fat vegan diet or the 2003 American Diabetes Association dietary recommendations. Design: A 22-week randomized, controlled clinical trial examining changes in nutrient intake and diet quality. Subjects/setting: Participants with type 2 diabetes (n=99) in a free-living setting. Research design and methods: Participants were randomly assigned to a low-fat vegan diet or a 2003 American Diabetes Association recommended diet. Main outcome measures: Nutrient intake and Alternate Healthy Eating Index (AHEI) scores were collected at baseline and 22 weeks. Statistical analyses performed: Between-group t tests were calculated for changes between groups and paired comparison t tests were calculated for changes within-group. Pearson's correlation assessed relationship of AHEI score to hemoglobin A1c and body weight changes. Results: Both groups reported significant decreases in energy, protein, fat, cholesterol, vitamin D, selenium, and sodium intakes. The vegan group also significantly reduced reported intakes of vitamin B-12 and calcium, and significantly increased carbohydrate, fiber, total vitamin A activity, beta carotene, vitamins K and C, folate, magnesium, and potassium. The American Diabetes Association recommended diet group also reported significant decreases in carbohydrate and iron, but reported no significant increases. The vegan group significantly improved its AHEI score (P<0.0001), while the American Diabetes Association recommended diet group did not (P=0.7218). The difference in AHEI score at 22 weeks between groups was significant (P<0.0001). With both groups combined, AHEI score was negatively correlated with both changes in hemoglobin A1c value (r=-0.24, P=0.016) and weight (r=-0.27, P=0.007). Conclusions: Vegan diets increase intakes of carbohydrate, fiber, and several micronutrients, in contrast with the American Diabetes Association recommended diet. The vegan group improved its AHEI score whereas the American Diabetes Association recommended diet group's AHEI score remained unchanged. © 2008 American Dietetic Association. ER  - 
Complementary feeding: A commentary by the ESPGHAN committee on nutrition$$$ This position paper on complementary feeding summarizes evidence for health effects of complementary foods. It focuses on healthy infants in Europe. After reviewing current knowledge and practices, we have formulated these conclusions: Exclusive or full breast-feeding for about 6 months is a desirable goal. Complementary feeding (ie, solid foods and liquids other than breast milk or infant formula and follow-on formula) should not be introduced before 17 weeks and not later than 26 weeks. There is no convincing scientific evidence that avoidance or delayed introduction of potentially allergenic foods, such as fish and eggs, reduces allergies, either in infants considered at increased risk for the development of allergy or in those not considered to be at increased risk. During the complementary feeding period, >90% of the iron requirements of a breast-fed infant must be met by complementary foods, which should provide sufficient bioavailable iron. Cow's milk is a poor source of iron and should not be used as the main drink before 12 months, although small volumes may be added to complementary foods. It is prudent to avoid both early (<4 months) and late (>=7 months) introduction of gluten, and to introduce gluten gradually while the infant is still breast-fed, inasmuch as this may reduce the risk of celiac disease, type 1 diabetes mellitus, and wheat allergy. Infants and young children receiving a vegetarian diet should receive a sufficient amount (∼500 ml) of breast milk or formula and dairy products. Infants and young children should not be fed a vegan diet. ER  - 
Meats, processed meats, obesity, weight gain and occurrence of diabetes among adults: Findings from adventist health studies$$$ Aim: To examine the relation between meat intake and diabetes occurrence in adults. Methods: In a prospective cohort study we examined the relation between diet and incident diabetes recorded among 8,401 cohort members (ages 45-88 years) of the Adventist Mortality Study and Adventist Health Study (California, USA) who were non-diabetic at baseline. During the 17-year follow-up, we identified 543 incident diabetes cases. Results: (1) Subjects who were weekly consumers of all meats were 29% (OR = 1.29; 95% CI 1.08, 1.55) more likely (relative to zero meat intake) to develop diabetes. (2) Subjects who consumed any processed meats (salted fish and frankfurters) were 38% (OR = 1.38; 95% CI 1.05-1.82) more likely to develop diabetes. (3) Long-term adherence (over a 17-year interval) to a diet that included at least weekly meat intake was associated with a 74% increase (OR = 1.74; 95% CI 1.36-2.22) in odds of diabetes relative to long-term adherence to a vegetarian diet (zero meat intake). Further analyses indicated that some of this risk may be attributable to obesity and/or weight gain - both of which were strong risk factors in this cohort. It is noteworthy that even after control for weight and weight change, weekly meat intake remained an important risk factor (OR = 1.38; 95% CI 1.06-1.08) for diabetes. Conclusions: Our findings raise the possibility that meat intake, particularly processed meats, is a dietary risk factor for diabetes. Copyright © 2008 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Complementary feeding: A commentary by the ESPGHAN Committee on Nutrition$$$ This position paper on complementary feeding summarizes evidence for health effects of complementary foods. It focuses on healthy infants in Europe. After reviewing current knowledge and practices, we have formulated these conclusions: Exclusive or full breast-feeding for about 6 months is a desirable goal. Complementary feeding (ie, solid foods and liquids other than breast milk or infant formula and follow-on formula) should not be introduced before 17 weeks and not later than 26 weeks. There is no convincing scientific evidence that avoidance or delayed introduction of potentially allergenic foods, such as fish and eggs, reduces allergies, either in infants considered at increased risk for the development of allergy or in those not considered to be at increased risk. During the complementary feeding period, >90% of the iron requirements of a breast-fed infant must be met by complementary foods, which should provide sufficient bioavailable iron. Cow's milk is a poor source of iron and should not be used as the main drink before 12 months, although small volumes may be added to complementary foods. It is prudent to avoid both early (<4 months) and late (≥7 months) introduction of gluten, and to introduce gluten gradually while the infant is still breast-fed, inasmuch as this may reduce the risk of celiac disease, type 1 diabetes mellitus, and wheat allergy. Infants and young children receiving a vegetarian diet should receive a sufficient amount (∼500 mL) of breast milk or formula and dairy products. Infants and young children should not be fed a vegan diet. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Association of carnitine deficiency in Indian continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis patients with anemia, erythropoietin use, residual renal function, and diabetes mellitus$$$ ◆ Objective: In the present study, we aimed to determine levels of free carnitine in hemodialysis (HD) and peritoneal dialysis (PD) patients in India and to correlate carnitine deficiency with various clinical parameters. ◆ Methods: Patients on HD and PD at two tertiary care centers were selected for the study. Baseline data were obtained, and a free carnitine analysis was performed. Carnitine deficiency was defined as a free carnitine level of less than 40 μmol/L. ◆ Results: The total number of study patients was 96 (77 on HD, 19 on PD). In the PD group, the mean age was 56 years, with 26.3% of the patients being vegan, 47.4% having diabetes, and 57.9% having a dairy urine output of <500 mL. The mean carnitine level in that group was 38.9 μmol/L, and 68.4% of the patients had a carnitine deficiency. A Pearson correlation test faired to show any association of carnitine level with parameters such as anemia, use of erythropoietin, non-vegetarian diet, diabetes, and hypertension. In the HD group, the mean age was 45 years, with 22% of the patients being vegan, 23% having diabetes, and 45.5% having a dairy urine output of <500 mL. The mean carnitine level in the group was 38.2 μmol/L, and 64.3% of the patients had a carnitine deficiency. Residual renal function and duration of dialysis were different in HD patients with and without carnitine deficiency. Carnitine levels in the HD group correlated positively and statistically significantly with the presence of diabetes and hypertension. ◆ Conclusion: This study is the first demonstration that Indian dialysis patients have carnitine deficiency. Copyright © 2007 International Society for Peritoneal Dialysis. Printed in Canada. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A note from a study on the prevalence of diabetes mellitus in a sample of vegetarians$$$ Vegetarianism is an old classic eating behavior that leads to lessening of several health risk factors. Vegetarian diet is reported to improve control of blood glucose concentration, to lower insulin requirement and to aid in weight control in diabetic patients. However, there is no evidence for the prevalence of diabetes mellitus to be significantly lower in vegetarians than in non-vegetarians. In this study, the prevalence of diabetes mellitus was compared between the groups of vegetarians and of well matched control subjects. According to the results obtained, the prevalence of diabetes in vegetarians and non-vegetarians was 2.5% (1/40) and 20% (8/40), respectively, yielding a significantly higher rate in the latter (p<0.005). ER  - 
Vegetarian diets$$$ effect on health; Vegetarian diets are those diets mainly based on the consumption of vegetable product, but that also permit consumption of eggs and milk. The American Dietetic Association made a declaration on these vegetarian diets in which they stated that «a well-planned vegetarian diet is healthy, nutritionally adequate and provides health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases». Some studies have shown beneficial results in obesity, cancer, Parkinson disease, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus and urinary stones, compared with the omnivorous. The possible theoretical benefits in some diseases has been seen in the medical practice (diabetes mellitus, obesity, cardiovascular risk). However more studies are needed in the case of Parkinson's disease and rheumatoid arthritis. ER  - 
Nutritional and fasting therapy in complementary medicine$$$ Background: There is growing evidence from epidemiological and clinical studies supporting the important role of nutrition and diet in the prevention and treatment of chronic disease. Moreover, recent experimental data suggest that caloric restriction and intermittent fasting extend lifespan and prevent disease in rodents. Integrated therapeutic concepts that combine fasting therapy with health promoting nutrition are a cornerstone of traditional European naturopathy and complementary medicine. Objective: To examine from the literature to what extent nutritional therapies implementing concepts of traditional naturopathic medicine and intensified dietary interventions as fasting therapy and calorie restriction can contribute to the prevention and treatment of disease. Methods: The present selective review summarizes and rates the rapidly accumulating evidence from human studies (randomized trials, epidemiological and descriptive studies) and experimental investigations, coupled with information from nutritional standard works. Results and Conclusion: Traditional diets, such as the traditional Mediterranean diet, are highly effective in the treatment of coronary artery disease, the metabolic syndrome, type-2-diabetes mellitus and rheumatoid arthritis. It features an ovo-lacto vegetarian diet with a preference of fresh unheated foods processed as little as possible and demonstrates a variety of health-promoting effects. The combination of Mediterranean-type diet and wholesome nutrition shows good patient adherence and promising clinical effectiveness. Modified fasting therapy is a safe dietary intervention and efficacious in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and hypertension. Moreover, it enhances lifestyle modification and behavioral change of nutritional habits. Observational data point to potential effectiveness in the treatment of chronic pain syndromes, inflammatory and cardiovascular disease. Experimental data show distinct effects of intermittent fasting on neurodegenerative and age-associated disease. The clinical impact of fasting therapy and wholesome Mediterranean nutrition should be further evaluated in clinical trials. © Verlag für GanzheitsMedizin. ER  - 
Vegetarian nutrition: Preventive potential and possible risks. Part 2: Animal foods and recommendations$$$ Introduction: As shown in the first part of this article, consuming high amounts of fruits, vegetables, whole grains and nuts can lower the risk for several chronic diseases. However, the relevance of animal foods consumed within a vegetarian diet is less well-known. Materials and methods: We followed a nutritive and a metabolic-epidemiological approach to obtain dietary recommendations. A MEDLINE-research was performed for all animal food groups relevant with a vegetarian diet (key words: "eggs", "milk", "dietary pattern" "vegetarian diet", "cancer", "cardiovascular disease", "diabetes mellitus", "osteoporosis", "Vitamin D", "vitamin B 12", "iron", "iodine"). All relevant food groups were characterized regarding their nutrient content and rated with respect to the available metabolic-epidemiological evidence. Results: Based on the evidence criteria of the WHO/ FAO, colorectal cancer risk reduction by a high intake of milk and milk products is assessed as probable, while a higher risk of prostate and ovarial carcinomas is also probable. The evidence of a risk-increasing effect of eggs relating to cardiovascular disease, colorectal cancer and breast cancer is assessed as probable. As the data of prospective cohort studies suggest, a prudent diet pattern characterized high in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and nuts is associated with a lower risk of coronary heart disease and diabetes mellitus type 2. In contrast, there is no overall association between prudent diet pattern and risk of breast cancer or colorectal cancer. The critical key nutrients for vegetarians are vitamin D and B12, iodine and iron. Conclusion: For the first time evidence based dietary recommendations were provided for persons on a vegetarian diet in the D-A-CH-region. © Springer-Verlag 2006. ER  - 
Vegetarian nutrition: Preventive potential and possible risks: Part 1: Plant foods$$$ Today vegetarian nutrition is more accepted and widespread in Europe than in former years. For a long time scientific research on vegetarian diets has focused mostly on malnutrition, whereas nowadays research centers increasingly on the preventive potential of plant-based diets. We followed a nutritive and a metabolic-epidemiological approach to obtain dietary recommendations. A MEDLINE research was performed for all plant food groups relevant for a vegetarian diet (key words: all relevant food groups, "vegetarian diet", "chronic disease", "cancer", "cardiovascular disease", "diabetes mellitus", "osteoporosis"). All relevant food groups were characterized regarding their nutrient content and rated with respect to the available metabolic-epidemiological evidence. Based on the evidence criteria of the WHO/FAO, cancer risk reduction by a high intake of vegetables and fruits is assessed as probable or possible, while a lowered risk of cardiovascular disease is convincing and a lowered risk of osteoporosis is probable. The evidence of a risk reducing effect of whole grain relating to colorectal cancer is assessed as possible, whereas it is probable relating to cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus type 2. There is an insufficient risk-reducing effect of legumes like soja relating to epithelial tumours and cardiovascular disease. The evidence of a risk-reducing effect of nuts to cardiovascular disease is assessed as probable, and in relation to cholelithiasis and diabetes mellitus type 2 as possible and insufficient, respectively. In conclusion, high consumption of fruits, vegetables, whole grains and nuts can lower the risk for several chronic diseases. © Springer-Verlag 2006. ER  - 
A low-fat vegan diet improves glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in a randomized clinical trial in individuals with type 2 diabetes$$$ OBJECTIVE - We sought to investigate whether a low-fat vegan diet improves glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in individuals with type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Individuals with type 2 diabetes (n = 99) were randomly assigned to a low-fat vegan diet (n = 49) or a diet following the American Diabetes Association (ADA) guidelines (n = 50). Participants were evaluated at baseline and 22 weeks. RESULTS - Forty-three percent (21 of 49) of the vegan group and 26% (13 of 50) of the ADA group participants reduced diabetes medications. Including all participants, HbA1c (A1C) decreased 0.96 percentage points in the vegan group and 0.56 points in the ADA group (P = 0.089). Excluding those who changed medications, A1C fell 1.23 points in the vegan group compared with 0.38 points in the ADA group (P = 0.01). Body weight decreased 6.5 kg in the vegan group and 3.1 kg in the ADA group (P < 0.001). Body weight change correlated with A1C change (r = 0.51, n = 57, P < 0.0001). Among those who did not change lipid-lowering medications, LDL cholesterol fell 21.2% in the vegan group and 10.7% in the ADA group (P = 0.02). After adjustment for baseline values, urinary albumin reductions were greater in the vegan group (15.9 mg/24h) than in the ADA group (10.9 mg/24 h) (P = 0.013). CONCLUSIONS - Both a low-fat vegan diet and a diet based on ADA guidelines improved glycemic and lipid control in type 2 diabetic patients. These improvements were greater with a low-fat vegan diet. © 2006 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Prevalence and risk factors of gallstone disease in an adult population of Taiwan: An epidemiological survey$$$ Background and Aims: The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence and risk factors of gallstone disease (GSD) in an adult population of Taiwan through a population-based screening study. Methods: A cross-sectional community study in a rural village of Taiwan was conducted in 3333 Chinese adults (aged ≥18 years) undergoing ultrasonography. A questionnaire on personal history was completed to ascertain whether the removed gallbladder contained stones in all cholecystectomized subjects, the dietary habits (vegetarian/non-vegetarian diet), the history of GSD in the participant's first-degree relatives, the history of gastrointestinal surgery (vagotomy, gastrectomy for peptic ulcer disease, or ileal resection), parity, and use of oral contraceptives. The demographic characteristics and biochemical parameters were recorded Results: The overall prevalence of GSD was 5.0% (4.6% in men, 5.4% in women) with no significant sex differences (men/women: odds ratio [OR] 0.71, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.50-1.01, P = 0.058). Logistic regression analysis showed that increasing age (men: 40-64 years, OR 7.38, 95% CI 2.59-21.01, P < 0.001 and ≥65 years, OR 14.16, 95% CI 4.84-41.47, P < 0.001; women: 40-64 years, OR 4.08, 95% CI 1.90-8.75, P < 0.001 and ≥65 years, OR 6.78, 95% CI 2.97-15.46, P < 0.001) and the presence of fatty liver evidenced by ultrasonography (men: OR 2.24, 95% CI 1.32-3.80, P = 0.003; women: OR 2.13, 95% CI 1.33-3.42, P = 0.002) were risk factors for GSD. Additionally, fasting plasma glucose ≥126 mg/dL (OR 2.11, 95% CI 1.16-3.83, P = 0.014), history of GSD in the first-degree relatives (OR 7.47, 95% CI 2.22-25.12, P = 0.001), and use of oral contraceptives (OR 10.71, 95% CI 3.06-37.49, P < 0.001) were risk factors for GSD in women, but fasting plasma glucose ≥126 mg/dL was only correlated to GSD without controlling for other confounding factors in men. Other demographic characteristics and biochemical parameters, such as high body mass index (≥25 kg/m2), increased parity, hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia, hyperuricemia, hepatitis C infection and cirrhosis, did not exhibit any correlation to GSD in logistic regression analysis, although they appeared to be related to GSD in women in univariate analysis. Conclusions: Age and fatty liver in both sexes were found to be risk factors for GSD in the study population. The finding of a correlation between fatty liver and GSD is an important addition to the literature concerning the risk factors of GSD. Diabetes mellitus, history of GSD in the first-degree relatives, and use of oral contraceptives were also risk factors for GSD in women. © 2006 The Authors. ER  - 
Acetysalicylic acid (ASA) and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID) for prevention of thrombosis and cancer$$$ A trend towards a reduced risk of thrombosis and cancer has been observed among people taking acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) or any of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID). ASA is the active substance in both German Aspirin and Croatian Andol. The key action of these drugs is that they block cyclooxygenase (COX) enzymes catalyzing the conversion of arachidonic acid (ADA) to prostaglandins (PG) and thromboxanes (TXA). ADA metabolites are associated with inflammatory process, thrombosis, carcinogenesis and tumor growth. Increased expression of COX-2 has been observed in both inflammations and tumors including: head and neck tumors, tumors of the upper aerodigestive tract, oropharyngeal leukoplakia, premalignant oral lesions, pancreatic, esophageal, gastric and skin cancer, melanoma, prostate, urinary bladder, lung, ovarian and cervical cancer, lymphoma, leukemia, breast cancer, colon cancer, etc. ASA and NSAID act preventively at the COX level and reduce the occurrence and growth of tumors, enhancing the radio- and chemotherapy effect on tumor. Besides at the COX level, ASA/NSAID also show antitumor activity at other levels acting as inhibitors of: aromatase gene, transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β), platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF), insulin-like growth factor (IGF), activator protein-1 (AP-1), serine kinase IKK-β, nuclear factor kappa B (NF-κB), urokinase-type plasminogen activator (μPA), mitogen-activated protein p38 (p38 MAP) activation, etc. In addition, ASA/NSAIDs are efficient in other diseases including: infections, rheumatism, diabetes mellitus, blood vessel diseases, hypertension, eclampsia, Alzheimer's disease, etc. To reduce the occurrence of cancer, the World Health Organisation promotes decreased body mass, increased physical activity and plant-based diet, which contains fewer calories, abounds in cellulose fibers, vitamins and ASA. Exceeding the recommended dose of ASA may cause serious side effects. On the other hand, 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA), shown to successfully treat gastrointestinal inflammations (GIT) and reduce risk of tumor occurrence causes less adverse side effects. Nitric oxide-donating aspirin (NO-ASA) and nitric oxide-donating NSAID (NO-NSAID) do not cause damage to the gastrointestinal mucosa, and they are very successful in the treatment of inflammation and prevention of intestinal and other cancers. Under medical supervision, low doses of ASA / NSAID are recommended to be taken daily for cancer prevention, then after cancer surgery and during chemotherapy and radiotherapy to reduce the risk of cancer recurrence and thrombosis. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity in Chinese ovo-lactovegetarians compared with omnivores$$$ Aim: To compare the insulin sensitivity indices between Chinese vegetarians and omnivores. Methods: The study included 36 healthy volunteers (vegetarian, n = 19; omnivore, n = 17) who had normal fasting plasma glucose levels. Each participant completed an insulin suppression test. We compared steady-state plasma glucose (SSPG), fasting insulin, the homeostasis model assessment for insulin sensitivity (HOMA-IR and HOMA %S) and β-cell function (HOMA %β) between the groups. We also tested the correlation of SSPG with years on a vegetarian diet. Results: The omnivore subjects were younger than the vegetarians (55.7±3.7 vs 58.6±3.6 year of age, P= 0.022). There was no difference between the two groups in sex, blood pressure, renal function tests and lipid profiles. The omnivores had higher serum uric acid levels than vegetarians (5.25±0.84 vs 4.54±0.75 mg/dl, P= 0.011). The results of the indices were different between omnivores and vegetarians (SSPG (mean±s.d.) 105.4±10.2 vs 80.3±11.3mg/dl, P<0.001; fasting insulin, 4.06±0.77 vs 3.02±1.19μU/ml, P=0.004; HOMA-IR, 6.75±1.31 vs 4.78±2.07, P=0.002; HOMA %S, 159.2±31.7 vs 264.3±171.7%, P=0.018) except insulin secretion index, HOMA%β (65.6±18.0 vs 58.6±14.8%, P=0.208). We found a clear linear relation between years on a vegetarian diet and SSPG (r= -0.541, P= 0.017). Conclusions: The vegetarians were more insulin sensitive than the omnivore counterparts. The degree of insulin sensitivity appeared to be correlated with years on a vegetarian diet. © 2004 Nature Publishing Group. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Obesity, diabetes, hypertension, and vegetarian status among seventh-day adventists in Barbados: Preliminary results$$$ A population-based sample of Seventh-Day Adventists was studied to determine the relationship between vegetarian status, body mass index (BMI), obesity, diabetes mellitus (DM), and hypertension, in order to gain a better understanding of factors influencing chronic diseases in Barbados. A systematic sampling from a random start technique was used to select participants for the study. A standard questionnaire was used to collect data on demographic and lifestyle characteristics, to record anthropometrics and blood pressure measurements, and to ascertain the hypertension and diabetes status of participants. The sample population consisted of 407 Barbadian Seventh-Day Adventists (SDAs), who ranged in age from 25 to 74 years. One hundred fifty-three (37.6%) participants were male, and 254 (62.4%) were female, and 43.5% were vegetarians. The prevalence rates of diabetes and hypertension were lower among long-term vegetarians, compared to non-vegetarians, and long-term vegetarians were, on average, leaner than non-vegetarians within the same cohort. A significant association was observed between a vegetarian diet and obesity (vegetarian by definition P=.04, self-reported vegetarian P=.009) in this population. Other components of the study population lifestyle should be further analyzed to determine the roles they may plan in lessening the prevalence rates of obesity, diabetes, and hypertension. ER  - 
Biological and Clinical Potential of a Palaeolithic Diet$$$ Purpose: To explore the possibility that a Palaeolithic diet, i.e. one that corresponds to what was available in any of the ecological niches of pre-agricultural humans (1.5 million-10,000 years BP), is optimal in the prevention of age-related degenerative disease. Design: Literature review. Materials and Methods: Between 1985 and December 2002, more than 200 scientific journals in medicine, nutrition, biology and anthropology were systematically screened for relevant papers. Computer-based searches and studies of reference lists in journals and books provided a vast number of additional papers. Results: Increasing evidence suggests that a Palaeolithic diet based on lean meat, fish, vegetables and fruit may be effective in the prevention and treatment of common Western diseases. Avoiding dairy products, margarine, oils, refined sugar and cereals, which provide 70% or more of the dietary intake in northern European populations, may be advisable. Atherosclerosis is highly dependent on dietary manipulation in animal experiments. Atherogenic dietary factors include fat (any type) and casein, and hypothetically cereals. Stroke, ischaemic heart disease and type 2 diabetes seem largely preventable by way of dietary changes in a Palaeolithic direction. And insulin resistance, which may have far-reaching clinical implications as a cause of unregulated tissue growth, may also respond to an ancestral diet. Conclusions: Lean meat, fish, vegetables and fruit may be optimal, rather than a strictly vegetarian diet, in the prevention of cardiovascular disease, diabetes and insulin resistance. ER  - 
Position of the American Dietetic Association and Dietitians of Canada: Vegetarian diets.$$$ It is the position of the American Dietetic Association and Dietitians of Canada that appropriately planned vegetarian diets are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. Approximately 2.5% of adults in the United States and 4% of adults in Canada follow vegetarian diets. A vegetarian diet is defined as one that does not include meat, fish, or fowl. Interest in vegetarianism appears to be increasing, with many restaurants and college foodservices offering vegetarian meals routinely. Substantial growth in sales of foods attractive to vegetarians has occurred, and these foods appear in many supermarkets. This position paper reviews the current scientific data related to key nutrients for vegetarians, including protein, iron, zinc, calcium, vitamin D, riboflavin, vitamin B-12, vitamin A, n-3 fatty acids, and iodine. A vegetarian, including vegan, diet can meet current recommendations for all of these nutrients. In some cases, use of fortified foods or supplements can be helpful in meeting recommendations for individual nutrients. Well-planned vegan and other types of vegetarian diets are appropriate for all stages of the life cycle, including during pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, and adolescence. Vegetarian diets offer a number of nutritional benefits, including lower levels of saturated fat, cholesterol, and animal protein as well as higher levels of carbohydrates, fiber, magnesium, potassium, folate, and antioxidants such as vitamins C and E and phytochemicals. Vegetarians have been reported to have lower body mass indices than nonvegetarians, as well as lower rates of death from ischemic heart disease; vegetarians also show lower blood cholesterol levels; lower blood pressure; and lower rates of hypertension, type 2 diabetes, and prostate and colon cancer. Although a number of federally funded and institutional feeding programs can accommodate vegetarians, few have foods suitable for vegans at this time. Because of the variability of dietary practices among vegetarians, individual assessment of dietary intakes of vegetarians is required. Dietetics professionals have a responsibility to support and encourage those who express an interest in consuming a vegetarian diet. They can play key roles in educating vegetarian clients about food sources of specific nutrients, food purchase and preparation, and any dietary modifications that may be necessary to meet individual needs. Menu planning for vegetarians can be simplified by use of a food guide that specifies food groups and serving sizes. ER  - 
Position of the American Dietetic Association and Dietitians of Canada: vegetarian diets.$$$ It is the position of the American Dietetic Association and Dietitians of Canada that appropriately planned vegetarian diets are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. Approximately 2.5% of adults in the United States and 4% of adults in Canada follow vegetarian diets. A vegetarian diet is defined as one that does not include meat, fish, or fowl. Interest in vegetarianism appears to be increasing, with many restaurants and college foodservices offering vegetarian meals routinely. Substantial growth in sales of foods attractive to vegetarians has occurred and these foods appear in many supermarkets. This position paper reviews the current scientific data related to key nutrients for vegetarians including protein, iron, zinc, calcium, vitamin D, riboflavin, vitamin B-12, vitamin A, n-3 fatty acids, and iodine. A vegetarian, including vegan, diet can meet current recommendations for all of these nutrients. In some cases, use of fortified foods or supplements can be helpful in meeting recommendations for individual nutrients. Well-planned vegan and other types of vegetarian diets are appropriate for all stages of the life-cycle including during pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, and adolescence. Vegetarian diets offer a number of nutritional benefits including lower levels of saturated fat, cholesterol, and animal protein as well as higher levels of carbohydrates, fibre, magnesium, potassium, folate, antioxidants such as vitamins C and E, and phytochemicals. Vegetarians have been reported to have lower body mass indices than non-vegetarians, as well as lower rates of death from ischemic heart disease, lower blood cholesterol levels, lower blood pressure, and lower rates of hypertension, type 2 diabetes, and prostate and colon cancer. While a number of federally funded and institutional feeding programs can accommodate vegetarians, few have foods suitable for vegans at this time. Because of the variability of dietary practices among vegetarians, individual assessment of dietary intakes of vegetarians is required. Dietetics professionals have a responsibility to support and encourage those who express an interest in consuming a vegetarian diet. They can play key roles in educating vegetarian clients about food sources of specific nutrients, food purchase and preparation, and any dietary modifications that may be necessary to meet individual needs. Menu planning for vegetarians can be simplified by use of a food guide that specifies food groups and serving sizes. ER  - 
A preliminary fast may potentiate response to a subsequent low-salt, low-fat vegan diet in the management of hypertension - Fasting as a strategy for breaking metabolic vicious cycles$$$ Although a salted diet appears to be a sine qua non for the development of essential hypertension, low-salt diets often have a modest or even negligible impact on the blood pressure of hypertensives; this suggests that salt, perhaps often acting in concert with other aspects of a modern, rich diet, may set in place certain metabolic vicious cycles that sustain blood pressure elevation even when dietary salt is eliminated. Therapeutic fasting is known to lower elevated blood pressure - presumably in large part because it minimizes insulin secretion - and may have the potential to break some of these vicious cycles. Goldhamer has recently reported that a regimen comprised of a water-only fast of moderate duration, followed by a transition to a low-fat, low-salt, whole-food vegan diet, achieves dramatic reductions in the blood pressure of hypertensives, such that the large majority of patients can be restored to normotensive status, in the absence of any drug therapy. Although long-term follow-up of these subjects has been sporadic, the available data suggest that these large reductions is blood pressure can be conserved in patients who remain compliant with the follow-up diet - in other words, a 'cure' for hypertension may be feasible. If a protein-sparing modified fast can be shown to be virtually as effective as a total fast for achieving these benefits, it may be possible to implement this regimen safely on an outpatient basis. The ability of therapeutic fasts to break metabolic vicious cycles may also contribute to the efficacy of fasting in the treatment of type 2 diabetes and autoimmune disorders. As a general principle, if a metabolic disorder is susceptible to prevention - but not reversal - by a specific diet, and therapeutic fasting has a temporary favorable impact on this disorder, then a more definitive therapy may consist of a therapeutic fast, followed up by the protective diet as a maintenance regimen. © 2003 Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. ER  - 
Type 2 diabetes and the vegetarian diet$$$ Based on what is known of the components of plant-based diets and their effects from cohort studies, there is reason to believe that vegetarian diets would have advantages in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. At present there are few data on vegetarian diets in diabetes that do not in addition have weight loss or exercise components. Nevertheless, the use of whole-grain or traditionally processed cereals and legumes has been associated with improved glycemic control in both diabetic and insulin-resistant individuals. Long-term cohort studies have indicated that whole-grain consumption reduces the risk of both type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In addition, nuts (eg, almonds), viscous fibers (eg, fibers from oats and barley), soy proteins, and plant sterols, which may be part of the vegetarian diet, reduce serum lipids. In combination, these plant food components may have a very significant impact on cardiovascular disease, one of the major complications of diabetes. Furthermore, substituting soy or other vegetable proteins for animal protein may also decrease renal hyperfiltration, proteinuria, and renal acid load and in the long term reduce the risk of developing renal disease in type 2 diabetes. The vegetarian diet, therefore, contains a portfolio of natural products and food forms of benefit for both the carbohydrate and lipid abnormalities in diabetes. It is anticipated that their combined use in vegetarian diets will produce very significant metabolic advantages for the prevention and treatment of diabetes and its complications. ER  - 
Liver protein synthesis in physiology and in disease states.$$$ Liver protein synthesis is usually estimated in humans by measuring the synthesis rates of major exported liver proteins. Among these, the synthesis rates of albumin and fibrinogen have been more commonly studied. Recently, it was reported that several physiological stimuli such as physical exercise followed by recovery in the upright position, active and passive ascent to high altitude or life-style habits like vegetarian diet or smoking affect the synthesis rates of albumin and fibrinogen. Among disease states, the most recent literature addresses the effects of kidney diseases (hemodialysis, nephrotic syndrome), type 2 diabetes mellitus and growth hormone administration to critically ill patients and to patients undergoing laparoscopic colecystectomy. The results of these studies have clarified several aspects of the regulation of liver protein synthesis in humans and raise open questions that will stimulate the future research in the area. ER  - 
Effect of a 10-day animal fat-free diet on cholesterol and glucose serum levels, blood pressure and body weight in 50-year-old volunteers$$$ The morbidity and mortality of cardiovascular diseases is high in developed countries including Czech Republic. The lifestyle decreases it in 50%. The aim of this work was to ascertain if the short lasting stay without stress and with vegetarian diet (without eggs) and physical activity is able to decrease the main risk factors of cardiovascular diseases. In 106 volunteers, mean age 49.1 (+/- 14.1) years, 83 women and 23 men, the body weight, blood pressure, serum cholesterol and blood glucose (Accutrend GC, Boehringer, Mannheim, BRD) have been measured before and after the stay at the same conditions. Eighty persons were healthy, seven persons with essential hypertension, eight persons with ischemic heart disease, four persons with diabetes mellitus and seven persons with other than cardiovascular diseases. In some persons the lipid spectrum was measured. Cholesterol decreased in blood serum from 4.9 to 4.3 mmol/l (11%--p < 0.01), blood glucose decreased from 4.2 to 3.3 mmol/l (p < 0.05), blood pressure systolic from 121.5 to 117.4 mm Hg (p < 0.01) and diastolic from 76.5 to 73.8 mm Hg (p < 0.05), body weight was not significantly changed. Our results showed, that 10-days lasting stay containing vegetarian diet and physical activity decreased the risk factors of cardiovascular diseases in 50 years-old volunteers. ER  - 
Sport, exercise and health. Toward the next century$$$ In most countries throughout the world, except those affected by the HIV-Aids epidemic, populations are increasing in size, rapidly getting older, and becoming more sedentary. This combination, along with the adoption of unhealthy habits such as cigarette smoking and consumption of an animal-based rather than a plant-based diet, will result in chronic degenerative diseases becoming the most common cause of disability and premature death throughout the world during the first twenty-five years of this new millennium. As more and more populations acquire the technology that reduces the need to exercise for transportation, occupation or maintaining a household, lack of activity quickly becomes a major risk for coronary heart disease, stroke, hypertension and noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus. This lack of activity appears to contribute to other disorders such as osteoporosis and selected site-specific cancers. In older persons, inactivity can become a major reason for loss of physical independence and a reduction in their quality of life. Public health approaches will be needed to reverse this trend of increasing 'hypokinetic' diseases as the computer/communication revolution becomes worldwide. These public health programs will need to be supported by government and corporate changes in policies that provide time, facilities and incentives for maintaining an appropriately active life-style. The goal should be for all adults to perform at least 30 minutes of moderate to vigorous intensity exercise on most days. ER  - 
Risk factors for cardiovascular disease and diabetes in two groups of hispanic americans with differing dietary habits$$$ Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine if Hispanic Seventh-Day Adventists (SDAs), who typically eat a diet lower in fat, saturated fat and protein, and higher in complex carbohydrates and dietary fiber than the usual omnivorous diet, exhibit lower risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and Type 2 diabetes compared to Hispanic Catholic omnivores. Methods: Anthropometric characteristics, dietary intake, blood pressure, serum lipids, glucose and insulin, as well as plasma ascorbic acid and vitamin E concentrations, were measured in two groups of Hispanic study participants residing in Denver, Colorado: 74 SDA study participants (x age: 42±1.5 y) and 45 Catholic participants (x age: 44±2.2 y). Results: The SDAs reported lower dietary intakes of total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol and higher relative intakes of carbohydrate and dietary fiber compared to their Catholic counterparts. The SDAs exhibited significantly lower body mass index (BMI=27.2±0.6) and waist-to-hip ratios (WHR=0.84±0.01) compared to the Catholics (BMI=31.4±1.1; WHR=0.88±0.01). The SDAs, compared to the Catholics, had lower fasting insulin (11.4±0.6 vs. 18.9±3.1 μu/ml) and glucose concentrations (88.6±1.1 vs 104.1±5.4 mg/dl). The SDA Hispanics, compared to the Catholic Hispanics, exhibited significantly lower values for systolic blood pressure (SBP=110±2 vs 118±3 mm Hg), serum total cholesterol (STC=198±5 vs 214±6 mg/dl) and serum triglycrides (TG=152±12 vs 232±27) and higher serum concentrations of high- density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C=44.7±1.3 vs 39.1±1.4 mg/dl) and ascorbic acid (1.14±0.08 vs 0.87±0.07 mg/dl). Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and vitamin E concentrations were not significantly different between groups, but the SDAs exhibited lower ratios of STC/HDL-C and LDL-C/HDL-C. Conclusion: Hispanic American SDAs, who eat a plant-based diet, exhibit a more favorable blood lipid profile, lower blood pressure and lower risk for Type 2 diabetes compared to Hispanic American Catholics, who do not eat a plant-based diet. ER  - 
Vegetarian diet planning for adolescents with diabetes.$$$ Adolescents with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) who choose to be vegetarian have complex nutritional needs because of their continued physical growth and development, their participation in strenuous activities, and their need to consume sufficient carbohydrates to match their insulin doses. Since diet control is a cornerstone of diabetes management, the adolescent who chooses a vegetarian diet may cause their parents needless anxiety. Nurses working with these adolescents can provide support and guidance and liaison with the endocrinologist, nutritionist or dietitian, and diabetic educator. Although adolescent diabetic vegetarians have not been studied extensively as a population, facts about nutrition and diabetes can be used to assist in meal planning. A complete growth and nutritional assessment must be done to search for any problem areas. If protein dense flesh food is eliminated and a largely carbohydrate diet is consumed, there are additional areas of concern in regulating insulin needs. Blood glucose should be monitored very carefully during diet changes. Vegetarian girls with diabetes also should be carefully monitored for the adequacy of their diet because they may be at risk of developing an eating disorder. ER  - 
Vegetarianism$$$ Vegetarianism pursued for reasons of physical health is a recent practice historically. It is now regarded as healthful dietary alternative, thanks to modern nutritional science. Vegetarian diets contain less total fat, cholesterol, and protein, and more complex carbohydrate and fiber. They appear to provide adequate protein, vitamins and minerals for meeting human physiological requirements except in growing children and lactating women where supplemental iron, vitamin B12, and vitamin D appear necessary. A vegetarian diet reduces overall mortality, and especially cardiovascular and cancer mortalities. It lowers serum cholesterol and low density lipoprotein (LDL) levels and hence reduces atherosclerosis. It lowers blood pressure and reduces the risk for type II diabetes. Dietary fibers improve sensitivity to insulin. Vegetarians were found to have a lower incidence of gastrointestinal cancer, gallstones, diverticular diseases, constipation and even a lower emergency appendicectomy rate. A vegetarian diet decreases the prevalence of chronic diseases, medication use, and health services use (hospitalization and X-ray), and potentially, health care costs. ER  - 
The potential of diet to alter disease processes$$$ Diet is a strong factor in the control of atherosclerosis relating to general vascular disease, coronary heart disease and stroke. The interrelated disorders in atherosclerosis of hyperinsulinemia, hyperlipidemia and hypertension are strongly subject to dietary influence. The type of dietary protein, animal versus plant, appears to be as important as the type of lipid, animal versus plant, in atherosclerosis. Dietary protein type, with its differing amino acid ratios, appears to be a major secretagogue of insulin. Diabetes mellitus, or Type II, diabetes is a related disease where diet is a possible causal or at least a strong contributing factor. Diet is the beginning and continuing basis for the control of Type II diabetes. Interestingly, diabetics have a high incidence of atherosclerosis. Renal failure has a long history of treatment with protein-restricted diets. Dietary plant protein is a possible therapy mechanism for the treatment of chronic and acute renal failure. Patients with rheumatic arthritis appear to be helped by specialized dietary approaches. A few examples of the use of vegetarian diets look very promising. Individual arthritic sensitivities or reactivities to certain foods appear to warrant more study. Osteoporosis is a disease or metabolic disturbance, particularly in postmenopausal women, that shows a need for very high dietary calcium intake. High calcium requirements appear to be related to the very high protein intake of the modern Western diet. A decreased protein intake, as can be obtained on a total vegetarian (vegan) diet, can allow for calcium balance, in a variety of age groups, from one-third to one-fifth the amount of daily calcium required on the Western diet. Cancer of the breast, colon and prostate appears to have a strong dietary relationship. The incidence of cancer is significantly greater on the modern Western diet than on a vegetarian or vegan diet. The greater antioxidant vitamin content, higher fiber level, higher complex carbohydrate, more unsaturated and less saturated fat, along with a variety of anticancer like compounds in vegetables, grains, legumes, nuts, and fruits are all dietary factors that appear to reduce the risk of cancer. ER  - 
Regression of diabetic neuropathy with total vegetarian (vegan) diet$$$ This study reports alleviation of the sharp, burning pains characteristic of systemic distal polyneuropathy (SDPN) patients with adult-onset (Type II) diabetes mellitus (AODM). Twenty-one patients with known AODM and SDPN, average age 64, were trained in a low fat (10-15% of cals), high fiber, total vegetarian diet (TVD) of unrefined foods and conditioning exercise in a 25-day in-residence life-style program. Complete relief of the SDPAT pain occurred in 17 of the 21 patients in 4 to 16 days. The numbness persisted, but had notice ably improved. Weight loss averaged 4.9 ± 2.6 kg during the 25 days. By the 14th day, the fasting blood glucose level averaged 35% lower for the II patients who were above 6.6 mmol l-1, and the insulin needs had dropped in half the patients. Five no longer needed hypoglycemic agents. Also, serum triglyceride and total cholesterol had decreased by 25.0 ± 23% and 13 ± 15% respectively (p<0.01) in 2 weeks. Follow-up studies of 17 of the 21 patients for 1-4 years indicated that 71% had remained on the diet and exercise programme as advised in nearly every item. In all except one of the 17 patients, the relief from the SDPN had continued, or there was further improvement. In our opinion, these results appear to be related to a factor(s) in the TVD, and not necessarily to an improved glucose control, since the serum glucose was not under good control until about the 10th day. ER  - 
Diet as a risk factor for abnormal glucose tolerance in subjects with and without family history of diabetes mellitus$$$ The relationship between diet and glucose tolerance was examined in 118 middle-aged subjects with normal glucose tolerance, impaired glucose tolerance and Type II diabetes mellitus. A significant relationship between body mass index and intake of protein and fat from animal source was observed in the whole study population and in subjects without family history of diabetes, but not in individuals with family history of the disease. An association between worsening of glucose tolerance and higher caloric intake was shown in males, but this appeared to be linked to the increased intake of animal fat and animal protein of these subjects. Adjusting for obesity and total intake of energy, no significant difference in intake of nutrients was detected in males, while in females a lower intake of refined carbohydrate, fibre and potassium was observed in diabetic subjects after adjustment for body mass index. In males without family history of diabetes, after adjustment for obesity and total energy intake a significant association between abnormal glucose tolerance and lower intake of plant protein as well as higher intake of protein from animal source was detected, while total and complex carbohydrate intake was lower in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance than in the two other diagnostic groups. In females without heredity of diabetes, a significantly lower intake of energy, carbohydrates, fibre, plant protein, calcium and potassium was detected in the diabetic group after adjustment for obesity. No significant difference in nutrient intake was observed in subjects with family history of diabetes. Even if evaluation of results is hampered by the limited number of subjects examined, findings of the study support in middle aged subjects an association between vegetarian diet and normal glucose tolerance, suggesting that this relationship might be enhanced in individuals without family history of diabetes. ER  - 
Predominantly vegetarian diet in patients with incipient and early clinical diabetic nephropathy: Effects on albumin excretion rate and nutritional status$$$ Several studies have suggested that dietary protein quality may be an important determinant in the natural history of renal disease. We have therefore studied the effects of a predominantly vegetarian diet in eight patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus and an albumin excretion rate (AER) in excess of 30 μg min-1. The AER was measured after an 8-week run-in period on the patient's usual diet, and again after 8 weeks of a predominantly vegetarian diet in which the proportion of vegetable protein was supplemented in order to minimize the reduction in total dietary protein intake. The median fractional albumin clearance fell during the study from an initial value of 188 x 10-4 (range 58-810 x 10-4) at the end of the run-in period to 87 x 10-4 (23-829 x 10-4) at the end of the period on low animal protein diet (difference 79 x 10-4 (95% CI 9-149 x 10-4), p < 0.05). The AER then returned to values similar to those obtained at the beginning of the study after a further 8 weeks in those patients returning to their usual diet. No significant changes in blood glucose control or in arterial pressure were observed. A predominantly vegetarian diet may therefore have important beneficial effects on diabetic nephropathy without the need for a heavily restricted total protein intake. ER  - 
