Clopidogrel Pharmacogenetics.$$$ Common genetic variation in CYP2C19 (cytochrome P450, family 2, subfamily C, polypeptide 19) *2 and *3 alleles leads to a loss of functional protein, and carriers of these loss-of-function alleles when treated with clopidogrel have significantly reduced clopidogrel active metabolite levels and high on-treatment platelet reactivity resulting in increased risk of major adverse cardiovascular events, especially after percutaneous coronary intervention. The Food and Drug Administration has issued a black box warning advising practitioners to consider alternative treatment in CYP2C19 poor metabolizers who might receive clopidogrel and to identify such patients by genotyping. However, routine clinical use of genotyping for CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention is not recommended by clinical guidelines because of lack of prospective evidence. To address this critical gap, TAILOR-PCI (Tailored Antiplatelet Initiation to Lessen Outcomes due to Decreased Clopidogrel Response After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention) is a large, pragmatic, randomized trial comparing point-of-care genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy with routine care to determine whether identifying CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele patients prospectively and prescribing alternative antiplatelet therapy is beneficial. FAU - Pereira, Naveen L
Oral Antiplatelet Therapy After Acute Coronary Syndrome: A Review.$$$ IMPORTANCE: Acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in the United States with an annual incidence of approximately 1 million. Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT), consisting of aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor (clopidogrel, ticagrelor, or prasugrel) reduces cardiovascular event rates after ACS. OBSERVATIONS: In 2016, the updated guidelines from the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association (ACC/AHA) recommended aspirin plus a P2Y12 inhibitor for at least 12 months for patients with ACS. Since these recommendations were published, new randomized clinical trials have studied different regimens and durations of antiplatelet therapy. Recommendations vary according to the risk of bleeding. If bleeding risk is low, prolonged DAPT may be considered, although the optimal duration of prolonged DAPT beyond 1 year is not well established. If bleeding risk is high, shorter duration (ie, 3-6 months) of DAPT may be reasonable. A high risk of bleeding traditionally is defined as a 1-year risk of serious bleeding (either fatal or associated with a ≥3-g/dL drop in hemoglobin) of at least 4% or a risk of an intracranial hemorrhage of at least 1%. Patients at higher risk are 65 years old or older; have low body weight (BMI <18.5), diabetes, or prior bleeding; or take oral anticoagulants. The newest P2Y12 inhibitors, prasugrel and ticagrelor, are more potent, with high on-treatment residual platelet reactivity of about 3% vs 30% to 40% with clopidogrel and act within 30 minutes compared with 2 hours for clopidogrel. Clinicians should avoid prescribing prasugrel to patients with a history of stroke or transient ischemic attack because of an increased risk of cerebrovascular events (6.5% vs 1.2% with clopidogrel, P = .002) and should avoid prescribing it to patients older than 75 years or who weigh less than 60 kg. The ISAR-REACT-5 trial found that prasugrel reduced rates of death, myocardial infarction, or stroke at 1 year compared with ticagrelor among patients with ACS undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (9.3% vs 6.9%, P = .006) with no significant difference in bleeding. Recent trials suggested that discontinuing aspirin rather than the P2Y12 inhibitor may be associated with better outcomes. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Dual antiplatelet therapy reduces rates of cardiovascular events in patients with acute coronary syndrome. Specific combinations and duration of dual antiplatelet therapy should be based on patient characteristics-risk of bleeding myocardial ischemia. FAU - Kamran, Hassan
The Role of Clopidogrel in 2020: A Reappraisal.$$$ Antiplatelet therapy is the mainstay of treatment and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD), including acute coronary syndrome (ACS), transient ischemic attack (TIA) or minor stroke, and peripheral artery disease (PAD). The P2Y(12) inhibitors, of which clopidogrel was the first, play an integral role in antiplatelet therapy and therefore in the treatment and secondary prevention of CVD. This review discusses the available evidence concerning antiplatelet therapy in patients with CVD, with a focus on the role of clopidogrel. In combination with aspirin, clopidogrel is often used as part of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) for the secondary prevention of ACS. Although newer, more potent P2Y(12) inhibitors (prasugrel and ticagrelor) show a greater reduction in ischemic risk compared with clopidogrel in randomized trials of ACS patients, these newer P2Y(12) inhibitors are often associated with an increased risk of bleeding. Deescalation of DAPT by switching from prasugrel or ticagrelor to clopidogrel may be required in some patients with ACS. Furthermore, real-world studies of ACS patients have not confirmed the benefits of the newer P2Y(12) inhibitors over clopidogrel. In patients with very high-risk TIA or stroke, short-term DAPT with clopidogrel plus aspirin for 21-28 days, followed by clopidogrel monotherapy for up to 90 days, is recommended. Clopidogrel monotherapy may also be used in patients with symptomatic PAD. In conclusion, there is strong evidence supporting the use of clopidogrel antiplatelet therapy in several clinical settings, which emphasizes the importance of this medication in clinical practice.
Contemporary Antiplatelet and Anticoagulant Therapies for Secondary Stroke Prevention: A Narrative Review of Current Literature and Guidelines.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Stroke is a leading cause of death and disability worldwide. The annual incidence of new or recurrent stroke is approximately 795,000 cases per year in the United States, of which 87% are ischemic in nature. In addition to the management of modifiable high-risk factors to reduce the risk of recurrent stroke, antithrombotic agents (antiplatelets and anticoagulants) play an important role in secondary stroke prevention. This review will discuss the published literature on the use of antiplatelets and anticoagulants in secondary prevention of acute ischemic stroke and transient ischemic attack (TIA), including their pharmacology, efficacy, and adverse effects. We will also highlight the role of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) in secondary stroke prevention, along with supporting literature. RECENT FINDINGS: Single antiplatelet therapy (SAPT) with aspirin or clopidogrel reduces the risk of recurrent ischemic stroke in patients with non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke or TIA. However, as shown in recent trials, short-term DAPT with aspirin and clopidogrel or ticagrelor for 21-30 days is more effective than SAPT in patients with minor acute non-cardioembolic stroke or high-risk TIA. Although short-term DAPT is highly effective in preventing recurrent stroke, a more prolonged course can increase bleeding risks without additional benefit. DAPT for 90 days, followed by aspirin monotherapy for patients with large vessel intracranial atherosclerotic disease, is suitable for secondary stroke prevention. However, patients need to be monitored for both minor (e.g., bruising) and major (e.g., intracranial) bleeding complications. Conversely, oral warfarin and newer direct oral anticoagulant (DOACs) such as dabigatran, rivaroxaban, apixaban, and edoxaban are the agents of choice for secondary stroke prevention in patients with non-valvular cardioembolic strokes. DOACs may be preferred over warfarin due to decreased bleeding risks, including ICH, lack of need for international normalized ratio monitoring, no dietary restrictions, and limited drug-drug interactions. The choice between different antiplatelets and anticoagulants for prevention of ischemic stroke depends on the underlying stroke mechanism, cytochrome P450 2C19 polymorphisms, bleeding risk profile, compliance, drug tolerance, and drug resistance. Physicians must carefully weigh each patient's relative benefits and bleeding risks before initiating an antiplatelet/anticoagulant treatment regimen. Further studies are warranted to study the optimal duration of DAPT in symptomatic intracranial atherosclerosis since the benefit is most pronounced in the short term while the bleeding risk remains high during the extended duration of therapy.
Ticagrelor versus Clopidogrel in CYP2C19 Loss-of-Function Carriers with Stroke or TIA.$$$ BACKGROUND: Comparisons between ticagrelor and clopidogrel for the secondary prevention of stroke in CYP2C19 loss-of-function carriers have not been extensively performed. METHODS: We conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial at 202 centers in China involving patients with a minor ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA) who carried CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles. Patients were assigned within 24 hours after symptom onset, in a 1:1 ratio, to receive ticagrelor (180 mg on day 1 followed by 90 mg twice daily on days 2 through 90) and placebo clopidogrel or to receive clopidogrel (300 mg on day 1 followed by 75 mg once daily on days 2 through 90) and placebo ticagrelor; both groups received aspirin for 21 days. The primary efficacy outcome was new stroke, and the primary safety outcome was severe or moderate bleeding, both within 90 days. RESULTS: A total of 11,255 patients were screened and 6412 patients were enrolled, with 3205 assigned to the ticagrelor group and 3207 to the clopidogrel group. The median age of the patients was 64.8 years, and 33.8% were women; 98.0% belonged to the Han Chinese ethnic group. Stroke occurred within 90 days in 191 patients (6.0%) in the ticagrelor group and 243 patients (7.6%) in the clopidogrel group (hazard ratio, 0.77; 95% confidence interval, 0.64 to 0.94; P = 0.008). Secondary outcomes were generally in the same direction as the primary outcome. Severe or moderate bleeding occurred in 9 patients (0.3%) in the ticagrelor group and in 11 patients (0.3%) in the clopidogrel group; any bleeding occurred in 170 patients (5.3%) and 80 patients (2.5%), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Among Chinese patients with minor ischemic stroke or TIA who were carriers of CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles, the risk of stroke at 90 days was modestly lower with ticagrelor than with clopidogrel. The risk of severe or moderate bleeding did not differ between the two treatment groups, but ticagrelor was associated with more total bleeding events than clopidogrel. (Funded by the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People's Republic of China and others; CHANCE-2 ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT04078737.).
Effect of Genotype-Guided Oral P2Y12 Inhibitor Selection vs Conventional Clopidogrel Therapy on Ischemic Outcomes After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: The TAILOR-PCI Randomized Clinical Trial.$$$ IMPORTANCE: After percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), patients with CYP2C19*2 or *3 loss-of-function (LOF) variants treated with clopidogrel have increased risk of ischemic events. Whether genotype-guided selection of oral P2Y12 inhibitor therapy improves ischemic outcomes is unknown. OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of a genotype-guided oral P2Y12 inhibitor strategy on ischemic outcomes in CYP2C19 LOF carriers after PCI. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Open-label randomized clinical trial of 5302 patients undergoing PCI for acute coronary syndromes (ACS) or stable coronary artery disease (CAD). Patients were enrolled at 40 centers in the US, Canada, South Korea, and Mexico from May 2013 through October 2018; final date of follow-up was October 2019. INTERVENTIONS: Patients randomized to the genotype-guided group (n = 2652) underwent point-of-care genotyping. CYP2C19 LOF carriers were prescribed ticagrelor and noncarriers clopidogrel. Patients randomized to the conventional group (n = 2650) were prescribed clopidogrel and underwent genotyping after 12 months. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary end point was a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, and severe recurrent ischemia at 12 months. A secondary end point was major or minor bleeding at 12 months. The primary analysis was in patients with CYP2C19 LOF variants, and secondary analysis included all randomized patients. The trial had 85% power to detect a minimum hazard ratio of 0.50. RESULTS: Among 5302 patients randomized (median age, 62 years; 25% women), 82% had ACS and 18% had stable CAD; 94% completed the trial. Of 1849 with CYP2C19 LOF variants, 764 of 903 (85%) assigned to genotype-guided therapy received ticagrelor, and 932 of 946 (99%) assigned to conventional therapy received clopidogrel. The primary end point occurred in 35 of 903 CYP2C19 LOF carriers (4.0%) in the genotype-guided therapy group and 54 of 946 (5.9%) in the conventional therapy group at 12 months (hazard ratio [HR], 0.66 [95% CI, 0.43-1.02]; P = .06). None of the 11 prespecified secondary end points showed significant differences, including major or minor bleeding in CYP2C19 LOF carriers in the genotype-guided group (1.9%) vs the conventional therapy group (1.6%) at 12 months (HR, 1.22 [95% CI, 0.60-2.51]; P = .58). Among all randomized patients, the primary end point occurred in 113 of 2641 (4.4%) in the genotype-guided group and 135 of 2635 (5.3%) in the conventional group (HR, 0.84 [95% CI, 0.65-1.07]; P = .16). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Among CYP2C19 LOF carriers with ACS and stable CAD undergoing PCI, genotype-guided selection of an oral P2Y12 inhibitor, compared with conventional clopidogrel therapy without point-of-care genotyping, resulted in no statistically significant difference in a composite end point of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, and severe recurrent ischemia based on the prespecified analysis plan and the treatment effect that the study was powered to detect at 12 months. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01742117. FAU - Pereira, Naveen L
Time Course for Benefit and Risk With Ticagrelor and Aspirin in Individuals With Acute Ischemic Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack Who Carry CYP2C19 Loss-of-Function Alleles: A Secondary Analysis of the CHANCE-2 Randomized Clinical Trial.$$$ IMPORTANCE: Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with ticagrelor and aspirin has been found to be effective for secondary prevention after minor ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA) in individuals who carry CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles; however, uncertainties remain about the time course of benefit and risk with ticagrelor and aspirin in these patients. OBJECTIVE: To obtain time-course estimates of efficacy and risk with ticagrelor and aspirin after minor stroke or TIA in individuals with CYP2C19 LOF alleles. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: The Ticagrelor or Clopidogrel With Aspirin in High-risk Patients With Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events II (CHANCE-2) randomized clinical trial enrolled patients 40 years and older from 202 hospitals in China with acute minor stroke or TIA who carried CYP2C19 LOF alleles between September 23, 2019, and March 22, 2021, and were followed up for 90 days. All 6412 patients enrolled in the CHANCE-2 trial were included in this secondary analysis. Data were analyzed in October 2021. INTERVENTIONS: Ticagrelor (180 mg on day 1 followed by 90 mg twice daily on days 2-90) or clopidogrel (300 mg on day 1 followed by 75 mg daily on days 2-90). All patients received aspirin (75-300 mg on day 1 followed by 75 mg daily for 21 days). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The efficacy outcome was major ischemic event, defined as the composite of ischemic stroke or nonhemorrhagic death. Safety outcomes included moderate to severe bleeding and any bleeding. RESULTS: A total of 6412 patients were included (3205 in the ticagrelor and aspirin group and 3207 in the clopidogrel and aspirin group). The median (IQR) age was 65 (57-71) years, and 4242 patients (66%) were men. The reduction of major ischemic events with ticagrelor and aspirin predominately occurred in the first week (absolute risk reduction, 1.34%; 95% CI, 0.29 to 2.39) and attenuated but remained in the next 3 weeks (absolute risk reduction in the second week, 0.11%; 95% CI, -0.24 to 0.45; absolute risk reduction in the third week, 0.14%; 95% CI, -0.11 to 0.38; absolute risk reduction in the fourth week, 0.04%; 95% CI, -0.18 to 0.25). The risk of moderate to severe bleeding was consistently low in the ticagrelor and aspirin group. The absolute increase in any bleeding seen in the first week (0.87%; 95% CI, 0.25 to 1.50) remained in the next 3 weeks (absolute increase in the second week, 1.21%; 95% CI, 0.75 to 1.68; absolute increase in the third week, 0.33%; 95% CI, -0.05 to 0.72; absolute increase in the fourth week, 0.23%; 95% CI, -0.03 to 0.49). CONCLUSION AND RELEVANCE: Among patients with minor stroke or TIA who carried CYP2C19 LOF alleles, benefit with ticagrelor and aspirin was present predominately in the first week, with additional small benefit accruing in the next 2 weeks. FAU - Pan, Yuesong
Ticagrelor plus aspirin versus clopidogrel plus aspirin for platelet reactivity in patients with minor stroke or transient ischaemic attack: open label, blinded endpoint, randomised controlled phase II trial.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that ticagrelor plus aspirin is safe and superior to clopidogrel plus aspirin for reducing high platelet reactivity at 90 days and stroke recurrence in patients with minor stroke or transient ischaemic attack, particularly in carriers of the CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele and patients with large artery atherosclerosis. DESIGN: Open label, blinded endpoint, randomised controlled phase II trial. SETTING: Prospective studies conducted at 26 centres in China, August 2015 to March 2017. PARTICIPANTS: 675 patients with acute minor stroke or transient ischaemic attack. INTERVENTION: Ticagrelor (180 mg loading dose, 90 mg twice daily thereafter) or clopidogrel (300 mg loading dose, 75 mg daily thereafter) on a background of aspirin (100 mg daily for the first 21 days) within 24 hours of symptom onset. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary outcome was the proportion of patients with high platelet reactivity at 90 days. High platelet reactivity was defined as P2Y12 reaction units of more than 208. Secondary outcomes included high platelet reactivity at 90 days (7 days either way) in patients carrying genetic variants that would affect clopidogrel metabolism, and any stroke (ischaemic or haemorrhagic) recurrence at 90 days (7 days either way), six months, and one year. RESULTS: At 90 days, high platelet reactivity occurred in 35 (12.5%) of 280 patients in the ticagrelor/aspirin group and 86 (29.7%) of 290 patients in the clopidogrel/aspirin group (risk ratio 0.40; 95% confidence interval 0.28 to 0.56; P<0.001), and in 10.8% versus 35.4% (0.31; 0.18 to 0.49; P<0.001) of patients carrying CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles. Stroke occurred in 21 (6.3%) of 336 patients in the ticagrelor/aspirin group and 30 (8.8%) of 339 patients in the clopidogrel/aspirin group (hazard ratio 0.70; 95% confidence interval 0.40 to 1.22; P=0.20). Patients with large artery atherosclerosis in the ticagrelor/aspirin group had a lower stroke recurrence at 90 days than those in the clopidogrel/aspirin group (6.0% v 13.1%; hazard ratio 0.45, 95% confidence interval 0.20 to 0.98; P=0.04). No difference was seen in the rates of major or minor haemorrhagic events between the ticagrelor/aspirin and clopidogrel/aspirin groups (4.8% v 3.5%; P=0.42). CONCLUSION: Patients with minor stroke or transient ischaemic attack who are treated with ticagrelor plus aspirin have a lower proportion of high platelet reactivity than those who are treated with clopidogrel plus aspirin, particularly for those who are carriers of the CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele. The results of this study should be evaluated further in large scale, phase III trials and in different populations. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov NCT02506140.
Clopidogrel Therapy and CYP2C19 Genotype. BTI - Medical Genetics Summaries$$$ Clopidogrel (brand name Plavix) is an antiplatelet medicine that reduces the risk of myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke in individuals with acute coronary syndrome (ACS), and in individuals with atherosclerotic vascular disease (indicated by a recent MI or stroke, or established peripheral arterial disease) (1). Clopidogrel is also indicated in combination with aspirin for individuals undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions (PCI), including stent placement. The effectiveness of clopidogrel depends on its conversion to an active metabolite, which is accomplished by the cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) enzyme. Individuals who have 2 loss-of-function copies of the CYP2C19 gene are classified as CYP2C19 poor metabolizers (PM). Individuals with a CYP2C19 PM phenotype have significantly reduced enzyme activity and cannot activate clopidogrel via CYP2C19, which means the drug will have a reduced antiplatelet effect. Approximately 2% of Caucasians, 4% of African Americans, 14% of Chinese, and 57% of Oceanians are CYP2C19 PMs (2). The effectiveness of clopidogrel is also reduced in individuals who are CYP2C19 intermediate metabolizers (IM). These individuals have one loss-of-function copy of CYP2C19, with either one normal function copy or one increased function copy. The frequency of the IM phenotype is more than 45% in individuals of East Asian descent, more than 40% in individuals of Central or South Asian descent, 36% in the Oceanian population, approximately 30% in individuals of African descent, 20–26% in individuals of American, European, or Near Eastern descent, and just under 20% in individuals of Latino descent (2). The 2022 FDA-approved drug label for clopidogrel includes a boxed warning on the diminished antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel in CYP2C19 PMs (Table 1). The warning states that tests are available to identify individuals who are CYP2C19 PMs, and to consider the use of another platelet P2Y(12) (purinergic receptor P2Y, G-protein coupled 12) inhibitor in individuals identified as CYP2C19 PMs. The 2022 Clinical Pharmacogenetics Implementation Consortium (CPIC) guideline for clopidogrel recommends that for individuals with ACS or non-ACS indications who are undergoing PCI, being treated for peripheral arterial disease (PAD), or stable coronary artery disease following MI, an alternative antiplatelet therapy (for example, prasugrel or ticagrelor) should be considered for CYP2C19 PMs if there is no contraindication (Table 2) (3). Similarly, CPIC strongly recommends that CYP2C19 IMs should avoid clopidogrel for ACS or PCI but makes no recommendations for other cardiovascular indications (Table 2). For neurovascular indications, CPIC recommends avoidance of clopidogrel for CYP2C19 PMs and consideration of alternative medications for both IMs and PMs if not contraindicated (Table 3) (3). The Dutch Pharmacogenetics Working Group (DPWG) of the Royal Dutch Association for the Advancement of Pharmacy (KNMP) have also made antiplatelet therapy recommendations based on CYP2C19 genotype. For individuals with ACS who undergo PCI, they recommend an alternative antiplatelet agent in PMs, and for IMs they recommend choosing an alternative antiplatelet agent or doubling the dose of clopidogrel to 150 mg daily dose, 600 mg loading dose (Table 4) (4). FED - Pratt, Victoria M
Pleiotropic effects of clopidogrel.$$$ Clopidogrel is a widely prescribed prodrug with anti-thrombotic activity through irreversible inhibition of the P2Y(12) receptor on platelets. It is FDA-approved for the clinical management of thrombotic diseases like unstable angina, myocardial infarction, stroke, and during percutaneous coronary interventions. Hepatic clopidogrel metabolism generates several distinct metabolites. Only one of these metabolites is responsible for inhibiting the platelet P2Y(12) receptor. Importantly, various non-hemostatic effects of clopidogrel therapy have been described. These non-hemostatic effects are perhaps unsurprising, as P2Y(12) receptor expression has been reported in multiple tissues, including osteoblasts, leukocytes, as well as vascular endothelium and smooth muscle. While the "inactive" metabolites have been commonly thought to be biologically inert, recent findings have uncovered P2Y(12) receptor-independent effects of clopidogrel treatment that may be mediated by understudied metabolites. In this review, we summarize both the P2Y(12) receptor-mediated and non-P2Y(12) receptor-mediated effects of clopidogrel and its metabolites in various tissues.
Pharmacogenetics of Antiplatelet Therapy.$$$ Antiplatelet therapy is used in the treatment of patients with acute coronary syndromes, stroke, and those undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. Clopidogrel is the most widely used antiplatelet P2Y12 inhibitor in clinical practice. Genetic variation in CYP2C19 may influence its enzymatic activity, resulting in individuals who are carriers of loss-of-function CYP2C19 alleles and thus have reduced active clopidogrel metabolites, high on-treatment platelet reactivity, and increased ischemic risk. Prospective studies have examined the utility of CYP2C19 genetic testing to guide antiplatelet therapy, and more recently published meta-analyses suggest that pharmacogenetics represents a key treatment strategy to individualize antiplatelet therapy. Rapid genetic tests, including bedside genotyping platforms that are validated and have high reproducibility, are available to guide selection of P2Y12 inhibitors in clinical practice. The aim of this review is to provide an overview of the background and rationale for the role of a guided antiplatelet approach to enhance patient care. FAU - Castrichini, Matteo
Pharmacogenomics of antiplatelet drugs.$$$ Clopidogrel, a platelet P2Y12 inhibitor, is one of the most widely prescribed drugs in cardiovascular medicine because it reduces ischemic and thrombotic complications. It is a prodrug requiring biotransformation into the active metabolite by the hepatic cytochrome 450 system, especially the CYP2C19 enzyme. Candidate gene studies and genome-wide association studies have identified loss-of-function CYP2C19 variants to be associated with a diminished pharmacologic response. Specifically, compared with noncarriers, carriers of at least one copy of a loss-of-function CYP2C19 allele have ∼30% lower levels of active clopidogrel metabolite and ∼25% relatively less platelet inhibition with clopidogrel. Moreover, in patients treated with clopidogrel predominantly for percutaneous coronary intervention, carriers of 1 or 2 CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles are at increased risk for major adverse cardiovascular outcomes, with an ∼1.5-fold increase in the risk of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke as well as an ∼3-fold increase in risk for stent thrombosis. Tripling the dose of clopidogrel in carriers of a CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele can achieve on-treatment platelet reactivity comparable to that seen with the standard 75 mg dose in wild-type individuals, but the impact on clinical outcomes remains unknown. Alternatively, 2 third-generation P2Y12 inhibitors are available: prasugrel and ticagrelor. These drugs are superior to clopidogrel in reducing ischemic outcomes and are unaffected by CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles.
Prasugrel Therapy and CYP Genotype. BTI - Medical Genetics Summaries$$$ Prasugrel (also known as Efient) is a third-generation thienopyridine platelet inhibitor used in individuals with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Prasugrel is prescribed to reduce thrombotic cardiovascular events, such as stent thrombosis, myocardial infarction, and stroke in these individuals. Along with other antiplatelet agents such as clopidogrel and ticagrelor, prasugrel inhibits platelet activation by irreversibly binding to the platelet receptor, P2RY12. (1) Prasugrel is metabolized into its active metabolite primarily by CYP3A5 and CYP2B6, and to a lesser extent by CYP2C9 and CYP2C19. The FDA-approved label for prasugrel states that genetic variations in CYP2B6, CYP2C9, CYP2C19, or CYP3A5 genes do not significantly affect prasugrel’s pharmacokinetics, the generation of its active metabolite, or its inhibition of platelet aggregation in healthy subjects, individuals with stable atherosclerosis, or those with ACS (1). Another commonly prescribed antiplatelet agent is the second-generation thienopyridine clopidogrel, which is bioactivated primarily by CYP2C19. As a result,, clopidogrel is less effective in individuals with decreased or non-function variant alleles of the CYP2C19 gene. In contrast, CYP2C19 variants do not decrease the effectiveness of prasugrel, which is a more potent antiplatelet agent compared to clopidogrel, though it carries a higher risk of bleeding (2, 3, 4, 5). FED - Pratt, Victoria M
Ticagrelor Versus Clopidogrel in Minor Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack With Intracranial Artery Stenosis: A Post Hoc Analysis of CHANCE-2.$$$ Background This study aimed to investigate the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-aspirin versus clopidogrel-aspirin in Chinese patients by the presence and clinical presentation of intracranial artery stenosis (ICAS) using randomized trial data from the CHANCE-2 (Clopidogrel in High-Risk Patients With Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events-II) trial. Methods and Results A total of 6412 patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack who carried CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles were randomized to either the ticagrelor-aspirin or clopidogrel-aspirin group. Patients without imaging of the intracranial artery were excluded from the nonprespecified subgroup analysis of CHANCE-2. All patients included were classified into the following groups: without ICAS, symptomatic ICAS, or asymptomatic ICAS. The primary efficacy outcome was new strokes within 90 days. There were 5893 patients (median age, 64.8 years; 33.9% women) included, and 172 (4.9%), 171 (10.5%), and 57 (7.7%) cases of new strokes occurred within 90 days in the without ICAS, with symptomatic ICAS, and with asymptomatic ICAS groups, respectively. Ticagrelor-aspirin was associated with reduced risk of new stroke in patients without ICAS (62 [3.5%] versus 110 [6.3%]; hazard ratio [HR], 0.57 [95% CI, 0.41-0.78]) but not in those with symptomatic ICAS (HR, 0.77 [95% CI, 0.56-1.05]) or in those with asymptomatic ICAS (HR, 0.77 [95% CI, 0.43-1.38]) compared with clopidogrel-aspirin (P for interaction=0.14). There were no significant differences in the proportion of severe or moderate bleeding events among different ICAS groups. Conclusions Patients without ICAS received a significantly greater benefit from ticagrelor-aspirin than clopidogrel-aspirin after minor ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack, and there was no statistically significant difference between treatments in patients with symptomatic ICAS or asymptomatic ICAS. Registration URL: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov; Unique identifier: NCT04078737. FAU - Wang, Chunjuan
A Genotype-Guided Strategy for Oral P2Y(12) Inhibitors in Primary PCI.$$$ BACKGROUND: It is unknown whether patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) benefit from genotype-guided selection of oral P2Y(12) inhibitors. METHODS: We conducted a randomized, open-label, assessor-blinded trial in which patients undergoing primary PCI with stent implantation were assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive either a P2Y(12) inhibitor on the basis of early CYP2C19 genetic testing (genotype-guided group) or standard treatment with either ticagrelor or prasugrel (standard-treatment group) for 12 months. In the genotype-guided group, carriers of CYP2C19*2 or CYP2C19*3 loss-of-function alleles received ticagrelor or prasugrel, and noncarriers received clopidogrel. The two primary outcomes were net adverse clinical events - defined as death from any cause, myocardial infarction, definite stent thrombosis, stroke, or major bleeding defined according to Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes (PLATO) criteria - at 12 months (primary combined outcome; tested for noninferiority, with a noninferiority margin of 2 percentage points for the absolute difference) and PLATO major or minor bleeding at 12 months (primary bleeding outcome). RESULTS: For the primary analysis, 2488 patients were included: 1242 in the genotype-guided group and 1246 in the standard-treatment group. The primary combined outcome occurred in 63 patients (5.1%) in the genotype-guided group and in 73 patients (5.9%) in the standard-treatment group (absolute difference, -0.7 percentage points; 95% confidence interval [CI], -2.0 to 0.7; P<0.001 for noninferiority). The primary bleeding outcome occurred in 122 patients (9.8%) in the genotype-guided group and in 156 patients (12.5%) in the standard-treatment group (hazard ratio, 0.78; 95% CI, 0.61 to 0.98; P = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: In patients undergoing primary PCI, a CYP2C19 genotype-guided strategy for selection of oral P2Y(12) inhibitor therapy was noninferior to standard treatment with ticagrelor or prasugrel at 12 months with respect to thrombotic events and resulted in a lower incidence of bleeding. (Funded by the Netherlands Organization for Health Research and Development; POPular Genetics ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT01761786; Netherlands Trial Register number, NL2872.).
Clopidogrel Resistance in Ischemic Stroke Patients.$$$ Stroke remained the second leading cause of death globally in 2019. The antiplatelet drug clopidogrel is used to keep blood clots from forming in people who have experienced a stroke. Although most people find clopidogrel to be safe and beneficial, there is inevitably a range in how each patient responds. The review covers about Clopidogrel resistance in stroke patients, their risk factors and the methods to identify it. Clopidogrel resistance is characterized as the drug's inability to prevent the target enzyme from acting. The prognosis of patients with ischemic stroke and the responsiveness to clopidogrel are significantly impacted by the various genetic polymorphism CYP2C19 genotypes. The two primary mutant alleles, CYP2C19 *2 and CYP2C19 *3, have been found to be the most prevalent genotypes. Better mRS scores six months after treatment showed a higher response rate in patients without these CYP2C19 variant alleles. Other factors are drug-drug interaction (proton pump inhibitors), demographics (age, sex, social history), comorbid conditions, etc. Blood samples for testing platelet reactivity were drawn one month after discharge from a peripheral blood sample. Several methods are used to identify the clopidogrel resistance. Some of them are ADP-Induced platelet aggregation, Platelet Reactivity Index VASP, Verify Now Assay, TEG Analyzer, Plasma microRNA-223. Drugs that are not prodrugs and whose metabolism is not dependent upon CYP2C19 can be selected as a superior alternative in case of CR. Ticagrelor is one such effective substitute. Proton pump inhibitors and clopidogrel should only be used concurrently in patients with reliable clinical indications.
P2Y12 receptor inhibitors for secondary prevention of ischemic stroke.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Ischemic stroke (IS) is a major cause of death and disability worldwide. The P2Y12 receptor plays a critical role in the formation of a stable thrombus leading to ischemic complications. Therefore, P2Y12 receptor inhibitors constitute a major antiplatelet strategy in the secondary prevention of IS. AREAS COVERED: We searched articles about P2Y12 receptor inhibitors and stroke in PubMed published until December 2014. This is a comprehensive review of the role of P2Y12 receptor inhibitors alone and in combination with aspirin in the secondary prevention of noncardioembolic stroke. EXPERT OPINION: The potential benefit of more potent antiplatelet therapy for secondary stroke prevention must be weighed against the risk of bleeding in patients with IS. Short-term (≤ 3 months) dual antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel and aspirin that is initiated early after IS or transient ischemic attack due to large artery atherosclerosis appears most efficient. FAU - Liu, Fang
Dual Antiplatelet Therapies and Causes in Minor Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack: A Prespecified Analysis in the CHANCE-2 Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: It is unclear whether patients with different stroke/transient ischemic attack etiologies benefit differently from gene-directed dual antiplatelet therapy. This study explored the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-aspirin versus clopidogrel-aspirin in transient ischemic attack or minor stroke with different causes in the CHANCE-2 trial (Clopidogrel in High-Risk Patients With Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events-II). METHODS: This was a prespecified analysis of the CHANCE-2 trial, which enrolled 6412 patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack who carried CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles. Patients with centralized evaluation of TOAST (Trial of ORG 10172 in Acute Stroke Treatment) classification of large-artery atherosclerosis, small-vessel occlusion, and stroke of undetermined cause were included. The primary efficacy outcome was new stroke, and the primary safety outcome was severe or moderate bleeding, both within 90 days. Cox proportional hazards models were used to assess the interaction of TOAST classification with the effects of dual antiplatelet therapy with ticagrelor-aspirin versus clopidogrel-aspirin. RESULTS: A total of 6336 patients were included in this study. In patients administered ticagrelor-aspirin and clopidogrel-aspirin, respectively, stroke recurred in 85 (9.8%) and 88 (10.7%) patients with large-artery atherosclerosis (hazard ratio, 0.86 [95% CI, 0.63-1.18]; P=0.34); 32 (3.6%) and 61 (7.0%) patients with small-vessel occlusion (hazard ratio, 0.51 [95% CI, 0.33-0.79]; P=0.002); and 68 (4.8%) and 87 (5.9%) patients with stroke of undetermined cause (hazard ratio, 0.80 [95% CI, 0.58-1.10]; P=0.17), with P=0.08 for the treatment×cause subtype interaction effect. There were no significant differences in severe or moderate bleeding events in patients with different cause and different treatment. CONCLUSIONS: In this prespecified analysis of the CHANCE-2 trial, the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-aspirin versus clopidogrel-aspirin in preventing new stroke were consistent in patients with different causes. The influence of stroke cause on benefit of gene-guided antiplatelet therapy should be explored by further trials. REGISTRATION: URL: https://www. CLINICALTRIALS: gov; Unique identifier: NCT04078737. FAU - Xie, Xuewei
Association Between CYP2B6 Polymorphisms and Efficacy of Clopidogrel in Minor Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack.$$$ BACKGROUND: CYP2B6 (cytochrome P450 subfamily IIB polypeptide 6), encoded by the CYP2B6 gene, is a critical enzyme involved in clopidogrel metabolism. However, the association between CYP2B6 polymorphisms and the efficacy of clopidogrel in minor stroke or transient ischemic attack for secondary stroke prevention remains unclear. METHODS: Based on CHANCE (Clopidogrel in High-Risk Patients With Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events) randomized clinical trial of aspirin plus clopidogrel versus aspirin alone, we investigated the role of CYP2B6 polymorphisms and the efficacy of clopidogrel in patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack in China from October 2009 to July 2012. A total of 2853 patients were successfully genotyped for CYP2B6-516G>T, rs3745274 and CYP2B6-1456 T>C, rs2054675. The primary efficacy and safety outcomes were new stroke and any bleeding within 90 days. RESULTS: Among the 2853 patients, 32.8% were identified as the carriers of the CYP2B6-516 GT/TT or -1456 TC/CC genotype. The incidences of 90-day new stroke in aspirin plus clopidogrel and aspirin alone groups were 7.1% versus 11.3% among noncarriers, respectively; and 9.7% versus 12.2% among carriers, respectively. The efficacy of aspirin plus clopidogrel versus aspirin alone was not significantly different (P interaction=0.29) in noncarriers (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.61 [95% CI, 0.45-0.83]) compared to carriers (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.80 [95% CI, 0.54-1.18]). The incidence (n=51) of 90-day any bleeding in aspirin plus clopidogrel and aspirin alone groups were 2.2% (21 bleeds) versus 1.9% (18 bleeds) among noncarriers (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.11 [95% CI, 0.59-2.09]) and 1.9% (9 bleeds) versus 0.7% (3 bleeds) among carriers (adjusted hazard ratio, 3.23 [95% CI, 0.86-12.12]). Similar findings were observed during the 1-year follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: In this post hoc analysis of the CHANCE trial, we did not observe a significant difference in the efficacy of aspirin plus clopidogrel compared with aspirin in carriers versus noncarriers of CYP2B6-516 GT/TT or -1456 TC/CC genotype. Our results suggest that both carriers and noncarriers suffering from a minor stroke are likely to benefit from aspirin plus clopidogrel treatment over aspirin monotherapy for secondary prevention. REGISTRATION: URL: https://www. CLINICALTRIALS: gov; Unique identifier: NCT00979589. FAU - Qiu, Xin
Prasugrel.$$$ Prasugrel is a third-generation thienopyridine which selectively inhibits the platelet P2Y(12) receptor more rapidly, more potently, and with less interindividual response variability compared with the second-generation thienopyridine clopidogrel. Large-scale phase III clinical testing showed that in high-to moderate-risk acute coronary syndrome patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention, prasugrel translates into a greater reduction in ischemic events, including stent thrombosis, in the short and long term compared to clopidogrel. Prasugrel, however, is associated with an increased risk of major bleeding, which is more pronounced in certain patient subgroups. The ideal patient population for prasugrel use are those patients without prior transient ischemic attack/stroke, <75 years of age and >60 kg in whom the greatest ischemic benefit is achieved without a significant increase in major bleeding risk. Dose modifications in specific populations or at given time-points may represent an avenue to minimize bleeding risk and therefore maximize the clinical benefit of prasugrel. Ongoing clinical studies with prasugrel will better define the safety and efficacy profiles of this agent and potentially set the basis for new indications for use.
Integrative Medicine on Optimizing Clopidogrel and Aspirin Therapy.$$$ This article reviews the available published data on optimizing clopidogrel and aspirin therapy using translational and integrative medicine. Translational and evidence-based medical studies show that the CYP2C19 gene mutation (CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3) could affect > 50% of the Chinese population, and that this mutation is closely associated with clopidogrel resistance and an increased risk of major adverse cardiovascular events, particularly stent thrombosis in patients following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Adjusted-dose warfarin and aspirin reduce stroke in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF), and warfarin is substantially more efficacious than aspirin. However, a poor compliance is a big problem in warfarin use especially in China. The genetic variants of vitamin K expoxide reductase might account for the universally lower warfarin dosage used in Chinese population. The available evidence indicates that the integrating mainstream treatments (e.g., clopidogrel, CYP2C19 genotyping) and non-mainstream medicines [e.g., Chinese medicines, Naoxintong Capsule (, NXT)] to treat CYP2C19 gene mutation patients following PCI can be effective. Aspirin combined NXT and the adjusted-dose warfarin was equally effective in elderly patients with non-valvular AF in prevention of ischemic stroke. FAU - Chen, Hui
Advances and Perspectives in methods for identifying high platelet reactivity.$$$ Antiplatelet therapy is the foundational treatment for the prevention and treatment of coronary and cerebrovascular ischemic events in patients with coronary heart disease, ischemic stroke, and transient ischemic attack (TIA). However, with more and more studies reporting an increased risk of thrombosis in some patients due to poor response to therapeutic agents, the selection of appropriate P2Y12 inhibitors has become a major challenge that needs to be addressed urgently. Currently, commonly used oral P2Y12 inhibitors include clopidogrel, ticagrelor, and prasugrel. Assessing patients' risk factors before the development of treatment regimens by effectively predicting the risk of high platelet reactivity with specific P2Y12 inhibitors in advance to avert the occurrence of major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCE) is the key point to the problem. Up to now, methods available for predicting platelet reactivity include genetic testing, platelet function testing, and risk scores. This review provides a summarization of the existent available identification methods and analyzes the advantages and drawbacks of different methods in specific clinical settings, intending to guide the rational clinical application of P2Y12 receptor inhibitors.
Role of CYP2C19 alleles in the management of recurrent ischemic stroke.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: CYP2C19 is the primary enzyme involved in the activation of clopidogrel, an antiplatelet agent used for secondary stroke prevention. An individual's CYP2C19 alleles are used to understand their CYP2C19-clopidogrel metabolizer phenotype. Single nucleotide polymorphisms of the CYP2C19 gene result in altered metabolism of this prodrug. RECENT FINDINGS: Three ischemic stroke cases were treated with clopidogrel. Despite confirming adequate drug exposure, medication adherence, and ruling out drug-drug interactions, all had recurrent ischemic stroke. Each case had a CYP2C19 *2/*17 genotype, categorizing them as intermediate clopidogrel metabolizers. Even with the gain-of-function allele, the loss-of-function allele resulted in lack of prodrug activation, leading to decreased efficacy in platelet inhibition. SUMMARY: These cases illustrate the importance of a thoughtful approach to secondary stroke prevention and demonstrate the utility of pharmacogenomic testing in clopidogrel hyporesponders. Recognition of the importance of CYP2C19 genotyping has the potential to enable better selection of appropriate secondary prevention strategies. FAU - Lyerly, Michael J
CYP2C19 Loss-of-Function Variants Associated With Long-Term Ischemic Stroke Events During Clopidogrel Treatment in the Chinese Population.$$$ This study aims to determine whether CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LoF) variants were associated with long-term ischemic stroke risk in Chinese primary care patients treated with clopidogrel. Patients treated with clopidogrel were ascertained from Chinese electronic medical records linked with a biobank for a retrospective cohort study. Their medical information was examined for the period from January 2018 to December 2021. Two CYP2C19 major loss of function variants (*2:rs4244285 and *3: rs4986893) were genotyped. The clinical outcome was ischemic stroke event. Cox regression analysis was used to evaluate the association between the occurrence of ischemic stroke events and CYP2C19 LoF variants. Covariates included age, gender, body mass index, prior ischemic stroke, transient ischemic attack, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipoidemia, smoke status, aspirin use, proton-pump inhibitor use, and statin use. Of the 1,141 patients included in the clopidogrel therapy cohort, 61.9% carried at least one CYP2C19 LoF variant. During a median follow-up period of 12 months, 103 patients (9.0%) had an ischemic stroke. After adjusting for other risk factors, carriers of CYP2C19 LoF variants had significantly higher risk of ischemic stroke compared with non-carriers (hazard ratio: 1.64, 95% confidence interval: 1.06-2.53, P = 0.025). This pharmacogenetic study of clopidogrel provides novel insights into the association between the CYP2C19 LoF variant and long-term stroke risk. We established that there is still a need for CYP2C19 genotype-guided personalized antiplatelet therapy in those who have returned to the primary care setting for clopidogrel prescription.
Ticagrelor plus aspirin in patients with minor ischemic stroke and transient ischemic attack: a network meta-analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin and clopidogrel was recommended as the secondary prevention of minor ischemic stroke or transient ischaemic attack (TIA). However, genetic polymorphisms of CYP2C19 had been identified as the major cause of poor responsiveness to clopidogrel. Ticagrelor, unlike clopidogrel, did not depend on metabolic activation, but it remained unclear whether ticagrelor was superior to clopidogrel in ischemic stroke. We performed a network meta-analysis to compare the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor, clopidogrel, and aspirin in the minor ischemic stroke and TIA populations. METHODS: Databases of Cochrane Library, ClinicalTrials.gov, and PubMed were searched up to June 19, 2023. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) assessing antiplatelet drugs for minor stroke or TIA were included. Statistical processing was conducted by using multivariate meta-analysis routines of STATA. RESULTS: Seven RCTs were included involving 41,745 participants. There was no significant difference between the two DAPTs in preventing stroke recurrence (OR, 1.16; 95% CI, 0.93-1.44), ischemic stroke recurrence (OR, 1.16; 95% CI, 0.93-1.45), and major hemorrhage (OR, 1.22; 95% CI, 0.62,2.39). Compared with aspirin alone, the two DAPT regimen reduced the risk of stroke recurrence (clopidogrel: OR, 0.69; 95% CI, 0.60-0.80, ticagrelor: OR, 0.66; 95% CI, 0.49-0.87) and ischemic stroke recurrence, but increased the incidence of major hemorrhage (clopidogrel: OR, 2.05; 95% CI, 1.22- 3.77; ticagrelor: OR, 2.55; 95% CI, 1.25-4.99). Despite being associated with a higher risk of any bleeding, ticagrelor did not impact the composite of vascular events or mortality. While ticagrelor and aspirin reduced the risk of ischemic stroke recurrence (OR, 0.77; 95% CI, 0.63- 0.92) without increasing the risk of major bleeding (OR 0.94; 95% CI 0.45-1.95) in the Asian population mainly Chinese. CONCLUSIONS: DAPT was superior to aspirin in stroke prevention, but little difference existed between the two DAPT regimens. Asian population mainly Chinese may benefit from DAPT with aspirin and ticagrelor. But further head-to-head RCTs are needed to validate the study results.
Clopidogrel use in end-stage kidney disease.$$$ Clopidogrel irreversibly binds to the P2Y12 platelet receptor and acts as a potent inhibitor of platelet activation and aggregation. It is currently recommended for the prevention of cardiovascular events in patients with acute coronary syndromes, recent ischemic stroke, and peripheral arterial disease. Clopidogrel is a prodrug requiring hepatic conversion into its active metabolite. In the general population, genetic polymorphisms in the CYP2C19 gene interfering with hepatic conversion and the ABCB1 gene interfering with gut absorption of clopidogrel, account for the large interindividual response to clopidogrel and clopidogrel resistance. Chronic kidney disease (CKD) and ESKD are independent risk factors for clopidogrel resistance; 50-80% of patients with ESKD have high on-treatment residual platelet reactivity when treated with clopidogrel. This may partially explain the abysmal outcomes for patients with kidney disease post coronary intervention. Several assays are used to determine residual on-treatment platelet reactivity; however, their use in tailoring the suitability of clopidogrel treatment in patients with ESKD is unclear. Although clopidogrel decreased cardiovascular events in the general population after acute coronary syndromes and percutaneous intervention in the CURE and CREDO trials, a reanalysis of these studies in patients with CKD (eGFR <60 ml/minute) showed either a reduced or no benefit from clopidogrel treatment. ESKD patients were not represented in these two large trials; this is true for most of the trials that established clopidogrel as an integral part of the therapeutic armamentarium for cardiovascular disease. Furthermore, clopidogrel has been associated with an increased risk of death, death from bleeding, and hospitalization for bleeding in patients with ESKD. In conclusion, current evidence suggests that ESKD patients may not derive the same benefits from clopidogrel therapy as the general population and this therapy may be associated with harm. Properly designed observational studies and randomized controlled trials are needed to establish the role of clopidogrel in patients with ESKD, the use of platelet assays to tailor therapy, and the role of other antiplatelet agents such as prasugrel or ticagrelor in patients who exhibit high on-treatment residual platelet reactivity.
Impact of body mass index on efficacy and safety of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack.$$$ BACKGROUND: Body mass index (BMI) may affect the response to platelet P2Y(12) receptor inhibitors. We aimed to explore whether BMI influenced the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor and clopidogrel for secondary prevention of minor ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA) among patients enrolled in the CHANCE-2 (Ticagrelor or Clopidogrel with Aspirin in High-Risk Patients with Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events II) trial. METHODS: In a multicentre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, conducted in China, we randomized patients with minor stroke or TIA who carried the CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele to receive either ticagrelor-acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) or clopidogrel-ASA. We classified patients into obese (BMI ≥ 28) or nonobese (BMI < 28) groups. The primary efficacy outcome was stroke within 90 days, and the primary safety outcome was severe or moderate bleeding within 90 days. RESULTS: Among 6412 patients, 876 were classified as obese and 5536 were classified as nonobese. Compared with clopidogrel-ASA, ticagrelor-ASA was associated with a significantly lower rate of stroke within 90 days among patients with obesity (25 [5.4%] v. 47 [11.3%]; hazard ratio [HR] 0.51, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.30-0.87), but not among those in the nonobese group (166 [6.0%] v. 196 [7.0%]; HR 0.84, 95% CI 0.69-1.04) The interaction of treatment and BMI group was significant (p for interaction = 0.04). We did not observe any difference by BMI group in rates of severe or moderate bleeding (9 [0.3%] v. 10 [0.4%] in the nonobese group; 0 [0.0%] v. 1 [0.2%] in the obese group; p for interaction = 0.99). INTERPRETATION: In this secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial involving patients with minor ischemic stroke or TIA, compared with clopidogrel-ASA, patients with obesity received more clinical benefit from ticagrelor-ASA therapy than those without obesity. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov, no. NCT04078737.
Ticagrelor.$$$ Coronary artery disease (CAD) is the single leading cause of death in the U.S. Therapies for CAD have been developed to inhibit platelet aggregation underlying atherogenesis. Clinical benefit has been shown with antagonists of the P2Y(12) receptor, such as clopidogrel. However, concerns over patient resistance to treatment and relatively slow onset and offset of action have indicated the need for further pharmacotherapeutic development. Ticagrelor (formally AZD-6140) is a novel, reversible oral P2Y(12) antagonist developed by AstraZeneca. In vitro and in vivo studies have confirmed that ticagrelor provides rapid, enhanced and maintained antiplatelet effects. These findings have translated to clinical trial investigations with further evidence for a significantly reduced mortality rate associated with cardiovascular events, myocardial infarction (MI) or stroke, and a favourable safety profile. Key clinical trials to date include the DISPERSE, DISPERSE2, PLATO, ONSET/OFFSET and RESPOND. Ticagrelor has been put forward for approval to the European Medical Agency (EMEA) and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as an investigational oral antiplatelet treatment for the reduction of major adverse cardiac events in patients with acute coronary syndrome.
Genotype-Guided Dual Antiplatelet Therapy in Minor Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack With a Single Small Subcortical Infarction.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Single small subcortical infarction (SSSI) is an important stroke subtype. The optimal antiplatelet medication for patients with ischemic stroke with an SSSI is still unclear. We aimed to test the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-aspirin in preventing stroke recurrence among patients with SSSI in the Ticagrelor or Clopidogrel with Aspirin in High-Risk Patients with Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events II (CHANCE-2) trial. METHODS: In the CHANCE-2 trial, patients with a minor stroke or TIA who carried CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles were randomly assigned within 24 hours after symptom onset, to either ticagrelor-aspirin (placebo clopidogrel plus a 180 mg loading dose of ticagrelor on day 1, followed by 90 mg twice daily on days 2-90) or clopidogrel-aspirin (placebo ticagrelor plus a 300 mg loading dose of clopidogrel on day 1, followed by 75 mg daily on days 2-90). Aspirin was applied during the first 21 days. Patients who had an SSSI (diffusion-weighted imaging lesion diameter ≤20 mm) were included in this analysis and further categorized into 2 types according to whether they had the responsible intracranial artery stenosis (ICAS): SSSI + ICAS and SSSI - ICAS. The primary efficacy outcome was a new stroke at 90 days. RESULTS: Among 2,143 eligible patients, 340 had the responsible ICAS, and 1,803 did not. Ticagrelor-aspirin reduced stroke recurrence among all patients with SSSI (hazard ratio [HR]: 0.55; 95% CI 0.38-0.78; p = 0.001) compared with clopidogrel-aspirin. Stroke recurrence occurred in 35/901 (3.9%) patients with SSSI - ICAS on ticagrelor-aspirin and in 72/902 (8.0%) on clopidogrel-aspirin (hazard ratio [HR]: 0.45; 95% CI 0.29-0.68; p < 0.001). In patients with SSSI + ICAS, the corresponding event rates were 14/176 (8.0%) and 13/164 (7.9%), respectively (HR: 1.20; 95% CI 0.45-3.23; p = 0.71; p for interaction = 0.08). The risk of severe or moderate bleeding only occurred in patients with SSSI - ICAS (5/901 [0.6%] vs 5/902 [0.6%]). DISCUSSION: In this prespecified substudy, ticagrelor-aspirin was superior to clopidogrel-aspirin in reducing the risk of stroke at 90 days among patients with SSSI who carried CYP2C19 LOF allele(s). Although there was no treatment-by-heterogeneous etiology interaction, a greater absolute risk reduction of stroke was observed in patients with SSSI - ICAS than in those with SSSI + ICAS. CLASSIFICATION OF EVIDENCE: This study provides Class II evidence that ticagrelor and aspirin reduced the risk of stroke recurrence compared with clopidogrel with aspirin in adult patients with acute minor SSSI.
Genotype-based clinical trials in cardiovascular disease.$$$ Consensus practice guidelines and the implementation of clinical therapeutic advances are usually based on the results of large, randomized clinical trials (RCTs). However, RCTs generally inform us on an average treatment effect for a presumably homogeneous population, but therapeutic interventions rarely benefit the entire population targeted. Indeed, multiple RCTs have demonstrated that interindividual variability exists both in drug response and in the development of adverse effects. The field of pharmacogenomics promises to deliver the right drug to the right patient. Substantial progress has been made in this field, with advances in technology, statistical and computational methods, and the use of cell and animal model systems. However, clinical implementation of pharmacogenetic principles has been difficult because RCTs demonstrating benefit are lacking. For patients, the potential benefits of performing such trials include the individualization of therapy to maximize efficacy and minimize adverse effects. These trials would also enable investigators to reduce sample size and hence contain costs for trial sponsors. Multiple ethical, legal, and practical issues need to be considered for the conduct of genotype-based RCTs. Whether pre-emptive genotyping embedded in electronic health records will preclude the need for performing genotype-based RCTs remains to be seen. FAU - Pereira, Naveen L
Navigating Antiplatelet Treatment Options for Stroke: Evidence-Based and Pragmatic Strategies.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The benefit of using antiplatelet monotherapy in acute ischemic stroke and secondary stroke prevention is well established. In the last few years, several large randomized trials showed that the use of short-term dual antiplatelet therapy in particular stroke subtypes may reduce the risk of recurrent ischemic events. The aim of this article is to provide a critical analysis of the current evidence and recommendations for the use of antiplatelet agents for stroke prevention. RECENT FINDINGS: Long-term therapy with aspirin, clopidogrel, or aspirin plus extended-release dipyridamole is recommended for secondary stroke prevention in patients with noncardioembolic ischemic stroke. Short-term dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel is superior to antiplatelet monotherapy in secondary stroke prevention when used in patients with mild noncardioembolic stroke or high-risk transient ischemic attack. Dual therapy, however, is associated with an increased risk of major bleeding, particularly when the treatment is extended for greater than 30 days. Similarly, aspirin plus ticagrelor is superior to aspirin monotherapy for the prevention of recurrent ischemic stroke, although this combination is associated with a higher risk of hemorrhagic complications when compared to other dual antiplatelet regimens. Among patients who carry CYP2C19 genetic polymorphisms associated with a slow bioactivation of clopidogrel, short-term treatment with aspirin plus ticagrelor is superior to aspirin plus clopidogrel for the reduction of recurrent stroke; however, the use of ticagrelor is associated with a higher risk of any bleeding. In patients with symptomatic intracranial stenosis, aggressive medical management in addition to dual antiplatelet therapy up to 90 days is recommended. Antiplatelet therapy has an essential role in the management of ischemic stroke. The specific antiplatelet regimen should be individualized based on the stroke characteristics, time from symptom onset, and patient-specific predisposition to develop hemorrhagic complications.
CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles and use of omeprazole or esomeprazole increase the risk of cardiovascular outcomes in patients using clopidogrel.$$$ Our aim was to investigate in a real-life prospective patient cohort how CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) variants and CYP2C19 inhibitor omeprazole or esomeprazole influence the incidence of cardiovascular events in patients using clopidogrel. Data based simultaneously on these factors are conflicting and sparse. A cohort of prospective patients (n = 1972) with acute coronary syndrome (n = 1302) or symptomatic chronic coronary disease (n = 656) was followed for 365 days after hospitalization with information on purchased prescription drugs, hospital discharge, death, and genotype for CYP2C19*2, CYP2C19*3, and CYP2C19*8 LOF variants. The primary study outcome measurement was cardiovascular death or recurring myocardial infarction or stroke. Altogether, 608 patients (30.8%) carried CYP2C19 LOF alleles. During the 365-day follow-up 252 patients (12.8%) had an ischemic vascular event. Cardiovascular events were significantly more frequent in carriers of CYP2C19 LOF alleles (14.8%, 95% confidence interval [CI], 11.7-17.8) than in non-carriers (10.8%, 95% CI, 9.0-12.6, p = 0.0159). Omeprazole or esomeprazole use was similar among LOF allele carriers (n = 131, 21.5%) and non-carriers (n = 250, 18.3%, p = 0.185). Cardiovascular events were significantly more common in a composite group consisting of all CYP2C19 LOF carriers regardless of proton pump inhibitor use status and non-carriers using omeprazole or esomeprazole than in non-carriers not using omeprazole or esomeprazole (14.8%, 95% CI, 12.2-17.3 vs. 9.9%, 95% CI, 8.0-11.9, p = 0.00173). We observed significantly more cardiovascular events in carriers of CYP2C19 LOF variants and in non-carriers using omeprazole or esomeprazole. For optimal patient care, both genetics and concomitant medication should be considered.
Association between CYP2C9 polymorphisms and ischemic stroke following endovascular neurointervention.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Polymorphisms in the CYP2C9 gene may be associated with adverse vascular events following endovascular procedures independent of antiplatelet therapy. We aimed to investigate the impact of CYP2C9 loss-of-function polymorphisms on adverse vascular events following neurointervention. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Consecutive patients undergoing neurointervention were prospectively recruited between 2010 and 2016. Patients were genotyped for the CYP2C9*2 and *3 loss-of-function polymorphisms. On the basis of possible genetic influence on antiplatelet response, ex vivo clopidogrel response was measured using the VerifyNow® P2Y(12) Assay. The primary endpoint was the 90-day incidence of adverse vascular events including ischemic stroke. RESULTS: A total of 229 patients were included. The median age was 57 years (IQR: 49-64), and 158 (69.00%) were female. Eighty-one (35.37%) patients carried at least one CYP2C9 loss-of-function (LOF) allele. After adjustment for stroke risk factors, the 90-day incidence of ischemic stroke was significantly lower in the LOF group compared to the wild type group (1.23% vs 10.14%; OR(adj) = 0.16, 95% CI: 0.03-0.91; p = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest protection against ischemic stroke in carriers of CYP2C9*2 or *3 polymorphisms undergoing neurointervention. Our findings warrant further studies to investigate the mechanisms by which CYP2C9 may influence the risk of ischemic stroke.
Association with CYP2C19 polymorphisms and Clopidogrel in treatment of elderly stroke patients.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet drug used in the treatment of ischemic stroke. Safety and efficacy of clopidogrel has been confirmed in CAPRIE, PRoFESS trials. However, these studies focused on patients aged less than 75 years. CYP2C19 polymorphisms resulted in individual differences in clopidogrel response. Our objective was to determine whether elderly stroke patients aged over 75 years would benefit from CYP2C19-genotype-guided strategy for the secondary prevention of stroke. METHODS: A retrospective analysis of patients aged 75 years or older with non-cardiogenic stroke who received 75 mg clopidogrel was performed. CYP2C19 genotype-guided group included noncarriers of CYP2C19*2 or CYP2C19*3 loss-of-function alleles (LoFA) and compared against the non-genotype-guided group which may carriers CYP2C19 LoFA or not. The primary endpoints were composite of stroke and myocardial infarction at 24 months' follow-up. RESULTS: Two hundred one patients were included: 99 in the genotype-guided group and 102 in the non-genotype-guided group. Kaplan-Meier(KM)analysis showed that CYP2C19 gene polymorphism was associated with the rate of the primary endpoints (P = 0.0031). The primary endpoints occurred in 13 patients (13.1%) in the genotype-guided group and in 30 patients (29.4%) in the non-genotype-guided group (hazard ratio(HR), 0.39; 95% confidence interval(CI), 0.20 to 0.75; p = 0.004). Cox regression analysis showed that CYP2C19 genotype-guided strategy was a protective factor for the primary endpoints (HR, 0.39; 95% CI:0.20 to 0.74, P = 0.004). CONCLUSION: The CYP2C19 genotype-guided strategy could reduce the occurrence of composite of stroke and myocardial infarction compared to a non-genotype-guided strategy for non-cardiogenic stroke patients aged 75 years or older who received clopidogrel. FAU - Li, Changqing
[Antiplatelet therapy in secondary stroke prevention].$$$ New studies have refined the role of antiplatelet therapy in secondary prevention after noncardioembolic strokes. The first line antiplatelet therapy remains Aspirin. Clopidogrel and the combination aspirine plus dipyridamole are suitable alternatives with a slightly better protection. Ticagrelor, a reversible P2Y12 receptor inhibitor used in cardiology, has not demonstrated its superiority to Aspirin. Early after stroke, a double antiplatelet therapy combining Aspirin and clopidogrel is increasingly administered as a recent study demonstrated a decrease in the incidence of cerebrovascular events after a minor stroke or high-risk TIA. This benefit is particularly high in patients with severe atherosclerotic disease. The duration of the double antiplatelet therapy should not exceed three months to reduce the haemorrhagic risk. FAU - Hirt, Lorenz
Antithrombotic management for transient ischemic attack and ischemic stroke (other than atrial fibrillation).$$$ The new definition and risk stratification for transient ischemic attack (TIA) have clear implications for the urgency of evaluation and treatment. The optimal antithrombotic treatment for TIA is being intensively studied. New guidelines for prevention of non-cardioembolic stroke in patients with stroke or TIA recommend the use of antiplatelet agents rather than oral anticoagulation. New antiplatelet drugs are being used in cardiovascular patients, and their role in cerebrovascular patients is being studied. The impact of genetic CYP2C19 polymorphisms is becoming clarified in cardiovascular patients and it is likely these polymorphisms will affect the management of cerebrovascular patients. The results of trials of clopidogrel plus aspirin in patients with lacunar strokes and acute TIAs are forthcoming. The results of CLOSURE I, a study of a patent foramen ovale device closure trial for cryptogenic stroke or TIA, showed no differences in stroke or TIA at 2 years. FAU - Easton, J Donald
Review of aspirin and clopidogrel resistance in peripheral arterial disease.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Aspirin resistance (AR) and clopidogrel resistance (CR) are terms used to describe a reduction in the medication's efficacy in inhibiting platelet aggregation despite regular dosing. This review gives context to the clinical role and implications of antiplatelet resistance in peripheral arterial disease (PAD). METHODS: A review of English-language literature on AR and CR in PAD involving human subjects using PubMed and MEDLINE databases was performed in April 2017. A total of 2075 patients in 22 relevant studies were identified. To give this issue context, a review of the larger, more established literature on antiplatelet resistance in coronary disease was undertaken, identifying significant research associating resistance to major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs). RESULTS: Studies in the coronary arterial disease literature have strongly associated antiplatelet resistance with increased MACE. Prevalence of AR or CR in coronary disease appears to be >55% for each in some studies. Meta-analyses of >50 studies revealed that AR and CR are significantly associated with MACE (relative risk of 2.09 and 2.8, respectively). This adds further weight to the literature reporting antiplatelet resistance as an independent predictor of and a threefold risk factor for major adverse cardiovascular events. The prevalence of resistance in PAD in this review was comparable to that in the coronary disease literature, with AR and CR prevalence up to 60% and 65%, respectively. There is evidence that the adverse effects of antiplatelet resistance are significant in PAD. In fact, research directly studying stent thrombosis populations with either coronary arterial disease or PAD revealed more significantly impaired platelet responsiveness to clopidogrel and aspirin in PAD compared with similar individuals with coronary disease. AR in PAD was found in studies to be a significant risk factor for iliofemoral stent reocclusion (P = .0093) and stroke in patients with symptomatic carotid disease (P = .018). CR was found to be a significant, independent risk factor in predicting ischemic outcomes in several recent PAD studies (P < .0001). Loss-of-function carriers of enzyme CYP2C19, important in clopidogrel metabolism, have a 30% greater risk of ischemic events (P < .001). Importantly, less antiplatelet drug resistance may be encountered with newer antiplatelet agents, including ticagrelor and prasugrel, because of reduced enzymatic polymorphisms. CONCLUSIONS: The limited research addressing AR and CR in PAD suggests that further research is required to clarify the role of platelet assays and potential for individualized antiplatelet therapy.
Dual Antiplatelet Therapy in Minor Stroke/Transient Ischemic Attack - An Updated Network Meta-Analysis.$$$ We previously analyzed five trials on ticagrelor/aspirin versus clopidogrel/aspirin in patients with minor stroke/ TIA in a network meta-analysis. We updated our search and identified 311 new citations with one study for inclusion: CHANCE2 enrolled patients with CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles and randomized them to ticagrelor/aspirin or clopidogrel/aspirin. Pooling of CHANCE2 with the original studies could not be completed due to violation of NMA assumptions, due to significant inconsistency. This suggests patients with CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles represent a subpopulation that is inherently different from the general stroke population in their antiplatelet response. Results from CHANCE-2 may not be generalizable without genotype testing. FAU - Lun, Ronda
Clinical Impact of CYP2C19 Genotype on Clopidogrel-Based Antiplatelet Therapy After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND: Although there is a growing body of evidence that CYP2C19 genotyping can be beneficial when considering treatment with clopidogrel after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), whether a genotype-guided strategy can be generally adopted in routine practice remains unclear among East Asians. OBJECTIVES: This study sought to investigate long-term outcomes of patients undergoing clopidogrel-based antiplatelet therapy after drug-eluting stent (DES) implantation according to CYP2C19 genotypes. METHODS: From the nationwide multicenter PTRG-DES (Platelet function and genoType-Related long-term proGnosis in DES-treated patients) consortium, patients who underwent CYP2C19 genotyping were selected and classified according to CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele: rapid metabolizers (RMs) or normal metabolizers (NMs) vs intermediate metabolizers (IMs) or poor metabolizers (PMs). The primary outcome was a composite of cardiac death, myocardial infarction, and stent thrombosis at 5 years after the index procedure. RESULTS: Of 8,163 patients with CYP2C19 genotyping, 56.7% presented with acute coronary syndrome. There were 3,098 (37.9%) in the RM or NM group, 3,906 (47.9%) in the IM group, and 1,159 (14.2%) in the PM group. IMs or PMs were associated with an increased risk of 5-year primary outcome compared with RMs or NMs (HR(adj): 1.42; 95% CI: 1.01-1.98; P = 0.041), and the effect was more pronounced in the first year (HR(adj): 1.67; 95% CI: 1.10-2.55; P = 0.016). The prognostic implication of being an IM and PM was significant in acute coronary syndrome patients (HR(adj): 1.88; 95% CI: 1.20-2.93; P = 0.005) but not in those with stable angina (HR(adj): 0.92; 95% CI: 0.54-1.55; P = 0.751) (interaction P = 0.028). CONCLUSIONS: Among East Asians with clopidogrel-based antiplatelet therapy after DES implantation, CYP2C19 genotyping could stratify patients who were likely to have an increased risk of atherothrombotic events. (Platelet Function and genoType-Related Long-term progGosis in DES-treated Patients: A Consortium From Multi-centered Registries [PTRG-DES]; NCT04734028).
Review of the Ticagrelor Trials Evidence Base.$$$ Ticagrelor is a platelet P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor approved for use in patients with acute coronary syndromes, coronary artery disease, and low-moderate risk acute ischemic stroke or high-risk transient ischemic attack. Clinical trials have evaluated the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor on ischemic and bleeding outcomes for different indications and with varying treatment approaches. As a result, there is a large body of clinical evidence demonstrating different degrees of net clinical benefit compared with other platelet inhibitor drugs based on indication, patient characteristics, clinical presentation, treatment duration, and other factors. We provide a review of the major trials of ticagrelor in the context of other randomized trials of clopidogrel and prasugrel to organize the volume of available information, elevate corroborating and conflicting data, and identify potential gaps as areas for further exploration of optimal antiplatelet treatment. FAU - Herron, Grace C
Clopidogrel Administration Impairs Post-Stroke Learning and Memory Recovery in Mice. LID - 10.3390/ijms241411706 [doi] LID - 11706$$$ Clopidogrel, which is one of the most prescribed antiplatelet medications in the world, is given to stroke survivors for the prevention of secondary cardiovascular events. Clopidogrel exerts its antiplatelet activity via antagonism of the P2Y12 receptor (P2RY12). Although not widely known or considered during the initial clinical trials for clopidogrel, P2RY12 is also expressed on microglia, which are the brain's immune cells, where the receptor facilitates chemotactic migration toward sites of cellular damage. If microglial P2RY12 is blocked, microglia lose the ability to migrate to damaged sites and carry out essential repair processes. We aimed to investigate whether administering clopidogrel to mice post-stroke was associated with (i) impaired motor skills and cognitive recovery; (ii) physiological changes, such as survival rate and body weight; (iii) changes in the neurovascular unit, including blood vessels, microglia, and neurons; and (iv) changes in immune cells. Photothrombotic stroke (or sham surgery) was induced in adult male mice. From 24 h post-stroke, mice were treated daily for 14 days with either clopidogrel or a control. Cognitive performance (memory and learning) was assessed using a mouse touchscreen platform (paired associated learning task), while motor impairment was assessed using the cylinder task for paw asymmetry. On day 15, the mice were euthanized and their brains were collected for immunohistochemistry analysis. Clopidogrel administration significantly impaired learning and memory recovery, reduced mouse survival rates, and reduced body weight post-stroke. Furthermore, clopidogrel significantly increased vascular leakage, significantly increased the number and appearance of microglia, and significantly reduced the number of T cells within the peri-infarct region post-stroke. These data suggest that clopidogrel hampers cognitive performance post-stroke. This effect is potentially mediated by an increase in vascular permeability post-stroke, providing a pathway for clopidogrel to access the central nervous system, and thus, interfere in repair and recovery processes. FAU - Paul, Marina
Correlation P2Y12 Genetic Polymorphism As Risk Factor of Clopidogrel Resistance in Indonesian Stroke Patients.$$$ BACKGROUND: Stroke is one of the highest causes of disability and mortality in several countries worldwide. Secondary prevention is important in the management of stroke. Clopidogrel is widely used in Asia as secondary prevention for ischemic stroke, even though several studies in Western show limited data related to clopidogrel resistance in Asia. This study aims to determine the correlation between P2Y12 genetic polymorphism and clopidogrel resistance in Indonesia. METHODS: This study was conducted on one-year duration, the subjects were chosen through the consecutive sampling method, all subjects were examined for genetics and resistance to clopidogrel. The data were analyzed through statistical analysis, a bivariate analysis was conducted to determine the correlation between several variables and the resistance variable. This study employed resistance diagnostic methods with VerifyNow. Polymorphism of receptor P2Y12 was tested with the Polymerase Chain Reaction method (PCR) and analysis of restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP). The genes tested in this study were G52T and C34T. RESULTS: The number of participants in this study was 112. Examination of gene P2Y12 showed that the majority was homozygote, wild-type C34T allele (67%), and G52T (66.1%). There was no significant correlation between clopidogrel resistance and gene G52T and C34T of P2Y12 (p > 0.05). Hb levels significantly correlated with P2Y12 G52T (p = 0.024). Meanwhile, Fatty Liver significantly correlated with P2Y12 C34T (p = 0.037). CONCLUSION: Indonesia showed a low clopidogrel resistance rate and a very low C34T and G52T allele P2Y12 gene mutation, meaning that Indonesia had low mutations in the P2Y12. This is the cause of clopidogrel resistance in this study only 15%. Therefore, in a region with less clopidogrel resistance, examination of the P2Y12 gene would not give significant results.
Clopidogrel Use and CYP2C19 Genotypes in Patients Undergoing Vascular Intervention Procedure: A Hospital-Based Study.$$$ PURPOSE: Clopidogrel is widely used in coronary artery, peripheral arterial, and cerebrovascular disease. We aimed to study the association of the CYP2C19 phenotype with cardiovascular outcomes and interventional procedures in a hospital-based population. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This cross-sectional, retrospective study enrolled patients with prior exposure to clopidogrel at the Taichung Veterans General Hospital (TCVGH) using data extracted from the Taiwan Precision Medicine Initiative (TPMI). Data on the CYP2C19 phenotype, drug-prescription profile, comorbidities, vascular intervention procedures, and hospitalization due to acute myocardial infarction (AMI) or stroke of clopidogrel users were analyzed. RESULTS: From the 32,728 patients in the TCVGH-TPMI cohort, we selected 2687 clopidogrel users. A total of 400 (14.9%) clopidogrel poor metabolizers (PMs), 1235 (46.0%) intermediate metabolizers (IMs), and 1052 (39.2%) extensive metabolizers (EMs) were identified. The predominant loss-of-function allele is *2. In 2687 patients with clopidogrel exposure, the CYP2C19 PM phenotype was unassociated with hospitalization due to AMI or stroke after adjusting for comorbidities and carotid angiographies. Among the 1554 clopidogrel users who underwent cardiovascular intervention, 193 (12.4%) received two or more types of interventional procedures. Compared with non-PMs, patients with the PM phenotype had a higher risk of multiple carotid interventions (OR: 3.13, 95% CI: 1.19-8.22). CONCLUSION: In this hospital-wide cohort, 8.2% were clopidogrel users, of which 14.9% were CYP2C19 PMs. The result of this study does not support universal genotyping of CYP2C19 in all clopidogrel users to identify risks for stroke and AMI. CYP2C19 PMs are more likely to undergo multiple carotid interventions than non-PMs. Prospective studies to investigate the association of the CYP2C19 genotype and carotid interventions and outcomes are needed to validate our results.
Baseline P2Y12 reactivity, kidney function, and CYP2C19 genotype determine clopidogrel responsiveness in acute stroke.$$$ Clopidogrel is the most-widely used platelet P2Y12-inhibitor for secondary-prevention of ischemic stroke. Platelet P2Y12 reactivity before and after inhibitors can be measured with blood sampling by commercialized system. We aimed to evaluate (1) whether high-on-clopidogrel platelet P2Y12 reactivity (HCPR) is associated with short-term vascular events and (2) the predictors of HCPR in acute stroke. The inclusion criterion was patients with acute stroke who received clopidogrel within 12-48 h after the onset. Platelet reactivity was assayed at baseline and after clopidogrel treatment using the VerifyNow system. The primary endpoint was recurrent ischemic events within 21 days after stroke. Among 190 patients, 32(16.9%) had recurrent ischemic stroke. Multivariate analyses showed that HCPR was significantly associated with the short-term events with an odds-ratio of 2.5 (95% CI 1.1-5.7, p = 0.027). Patients with HCPR had significantly higher frequencies of high baseline platelet P2Y12 reactivity, impaired kidney function, and carrying one or two CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles. A poor clopidogrel response score combining these factors was developed. Ten percent of patients with score 0, 20.3% of those with score 1, 38.3% of those with score 2, and 66.7% of those with score 3 had HCPR (χ(2)-test, p < 0.001). Multivariate analyses showed that, compared with the score-0 group, the score-2 and -3 groups had higher risks of HCPR with hazard-ratios of 5.4 (95% CI 1.5-20.3, p = 0.012) and 17.4 (95% CI 3.4-88.9, p = 0.001) for developing recurrent ischemic strokes. The study emphasized the role of HCPR in ischemic stroke. We also developed an HCPR risk score, which could be used in clinical practice or trials, potentially with more precision, to weigh the clinical benefit of a tailored antiplatelet-strategy for patients with stroke.
Clopidogrel pharmacogenetics: metabolism and drug interactions.$$$ The thienopyridine, clopidogrel bisulfate (clopidogrel), is the most widely prescribed antiplatelet therapy in the world. Clopidogrel, alone or in conjunction with aspirin as part of a dual antiplatelet therapy regimen, is the standard of care for reducing ischemic events in patients with acute coronary syndrome, recent myocardial infarction, recent stroke, or established peripheral artery disease. Initially approved for use in 1997, the label was updated by both the USA Food and Drug Administration and the European Medicines Agency in 2009 to include information regarding cytochrome P450 (CYP) genotype status and concomitant proton pump inhibitor use. Labeling warns of reduced effectiveness in those with impaired CYP2C19 function and to avoid concomitant clopidogrel use with drugs that are strong or moderate CYP2C19 inhibitors, such as omeprazole. The interpretation of this warning and the implementation in clinical practice is not without controversy. The following review provides a summary of the published evidence regarding CYP2C19 function, both genotype status and drug inhibition from concomitant proton pump inhibitors use, and response to clopidogrel. FAU - Close, Sandra L
Ticagrelor-Aspirin Versus Clopidogrel-Aspirin Among CYP2C19 Loss-of-Function Carriers With Minor Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack in Relation to Renal Function: A Post Hoc Analysis of the CHANCE-2 Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Evidence on the risk-benefit ratio of dual antiplatelet therapies among patients with stroke and impaired renal function is limited and inconsistent. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of renal function on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-aspirin versus clopidogrel-aspirin treatment. DESIGN: Post hoc analysis of a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT04078737). SETTING: 202 centers in China. PATIENTS: CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele carriers with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack. INTERVENTION: Ticagrelor-aspirin and clopidogrel-aspirin. MEASUREMENTS: Renal function was evaluated by estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) levels. The primary efficacy and safety outcomes were recurrent stroke and severe or moderate bleeding within 90 days, respectively. RESULTS: Among 6378 patients, 4050 (63.5%) had normal (eGFR ≥90 mL/min/1.73 m(2)), 2010 (31.5%) had mildly decreased (eGFR 60 to 89 mL/min/1.73 m(2)), and 318 (5.0%) had moderately to severely decreased (eGFR <60 mL/min/1.73 m(2)) renal function. The corresponding differences in recurrent stroke between ticagrelor-aspirin and clopidogrel-aspirin for normal, mildly decreased, and moderately to severely decreased renal function was -2.8 percentage points (95% CI, -4.4 to -1.3 percentage points) (hazard ratio [HR], 0.63 [CI, 0.49 to 0.81]), -0.2 percentage point (CI, -2.4 to 2.0 percentage points) (HR, 0.98 [CI, 0.69 to 1.39]), and 3.7 percentage points (CI, -2.3 to 10.1 percentage points) (HR, 1.31 [CI, 0.48 to 3.55]), respectively. Rates of severe or moderate bleeding did not substantially differ by treatment assignments across eGFR categories. LIMITATION: Renal function was only evaluated by using eGFR, and the proportion of patients with severely decreased renal function was low. CONCLUSION: Patients with normal, rather than impaired, renal function received greater benefit from ticagrelor-aspirin versus clopidogrel-aspirin. PRIMARY FUNDING SOURCE: Ministry of Science and Technology of the People's Republic of China. FAU - Wang, Anxin
Impact of CYP2C19 Genotype on Efficacy and Safety of Clopidogrel-based Antiplatelet Therapy in Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack Patients: An Updated Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Non-East Asian Studies. LID - 10.1007/s10557-023-07534-0 [doi]$$$ PURPOSE: Inconclusive and limited results have been reported on the clinical utility of CYP2C19 genotyping in stroke/TIA patients of non-East Asian ancestries. We herein performed an updated systematic review and meta-analysis to quantitatively estimate the association of CYP2C19 loss-of function (LOF) status with efficacy and safety of clopidogrel-based antiplatelet therapy in non-East Asian patients affected by stroke or TIA. METHODS: A comprehensive search was performed up to July 2023 using PubMed, Web of Knowledge, and Cochrane Library databases. The clinical outcomes investigated were stroke, composite vascular events and bleeding. Pooled estimates were calculated as risk ratios (RR) with 95% CI using the Mantel- Haenszel random-effects model. The quality of evidence was assessed using the GRADEpro tool. RESULTS: A total number of 1673 stroke/TIA patients from 8 non-East Asian studies, published between 2014 and 2022, were included in the systematic review. Clopidogrel-treated carriers of CYP2C19 LOF alleles were found at increased risk of stroke compared to non-carriers (RR: 1.68, 95%CI: 1.04-2.71, P = 0.03). However, no significant association was observed with the risk of composite vascular events (RR: 1.15, 95%CI: 0.58-2.28, P = 0.69) or bleeding (RR: 0.84, 95%CI: 0.38-1.86, P = 0.67). Similarly, European ancestry patients carrying CYP2C19 LOF alleles displayed a higher risk of stroke (RR: 2.69 (1.11-6.51, P = 0.03), but not of composite vascular events or bleeding. CONCLUSION: The present updated meta-analysis provides moderate quality evidence of association between CYP2C19 LOF alleles and an increased risk of stroke in non-East Asian patients with stroke/TIA after receiving clopidogrel therapy. Further large pharmacogenetic studies are still warranted to corroborate these findings.
Biomarkers for Antiplatelet Therapies in Acute Ischemic Stroke: A Clinical Review.$$$ Stroke is one of the world's leading causes of disability and death. Antiplatelet agents are administered to acute ischemic stroke patients as secondary prevention. Clopidogrel involves biotransformation by cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes into an active metabolite, and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) can influence the efficacy of this biotransformation. Despite the therapeutic advantages of aspirin, there is significant inter-individual heterogeneity in response to this antiplatelet drug. In this clinical review, the recent advances in the biomarkers of antiplatelet agents in acute ischemic stroke are discussed. The studies reviewed herein highlight the clinical relevance of antiplatelet resistance, pharmacotherapy of antiplatelet agents predicting drug response, strategies for identifying aspirin resistance, pharmacogenetic variants of antiplatelet agents, miRNAs, and extracellular vesicles (EVs) as biomarkers toward the personalized approach in the management of acute ischemic stroke. The precise pathways contributing to antiplatelet resistance are not very well known but are presumably multi-factorial. It is essential to understand the clinical relevance of clopidogrel and aspirin-related single nucleotide polymorphism (SNPs) as potential predictive and prognostic biomarkers. Prasugrel is a next-generation antiplatelet agent that prevents ADP-platelet activation by binding irreversibly to P2Y12 receptor. There are sporadic reports of prasugrel resistance and polymorphisms in the Platelet endothelial aggregation receptor-1 (PEAR1) that may contribute to a change in the pharmacodynamics response. Ticagrelor, a direct-acting P2Y12-receptor antagonist, is easily absorbed and partly metabolized to major AR-C124910XX metabolite (ARC). Ticagrelor's primary active metabolite, ARC124910XX (ARC), is formed via the most abundant hepatic cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzyme, CYP3A4, and CYP3A5. The integration of specific biomarkers, genotype as well as phenotype-related data in antiplatelet therapy stratification in patients with acute ischemic stroke will be of great clinical significance and could be used as a guiding tool for more effective, personalized therapy.
Association Between CYP2C19 Loss-of-Function Allele Status and Efficacy of Clopidogrel for Risk Reduction Among Patients With Minor Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack.$$$ IMPORTANCE: Data are limited regarding the association between CYP2C19 genetic variants and clinical outcomes of patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack treated with clopidogrel. OBJECTIVE: To estimate the association between CYP2C19 genetic variants and clinical outcomes of clopidogrel-treated patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Three CYP2C19 major alleles (*2, *3, *17) were genotyped among 2933 Chinese patients from 73 sites who were enrolled in the Clopidogrel in High-Risk Patients with Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events (CHANCE) randomized trial conducted from January 2, 2010, to March 20, 2012. INTERVENTIONS: Patients with acute minor ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack in the trial were randomized to treatment with clopidogrel combined with aspirin or to aspirin alone. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary efficacy outcome was new stroke. The secondary efficacy outcome was a composite of new composite vascular events (ischemic stroke, hemorrhagic stroke, myocardial infarction, or vascular death). Bleeding was the safety outcome. RESULTS: Among 2933 patients, 1948 (66.4%) were men, with a mean age of 62.4 years. Overall, 1207 patients (41.2%) were noncarriers and 1726 patients (58.8%) were carriers of loss-of-function alleles (*2, *3). After day 90 follow-up, clopidogrel-aspirin reduced the rate of new stroke in the noncarriers but not in the carriers of the loss-of-function alleles (P = .02 for interaction; events among noncarriers, 41 [6.7%] with clopidogrel-aspirin vs 74 [12.4%] with aspirin; hazard ratio [HR], 0.51 [95% CI, 0.35-0.75]; events among carriers, 80 [9.4%] with clopidogrel-aspirin vs 94 [10.8%] with aspirin; HR, 0.93 [95% CI, 0.69 to 1.26]). Similar results were observed for the secondary composite efficacy outcome (noncarriers: 41 [6.7%] with clopidogrel-aspirin vs 75 [12.5%] with aspirin; HR, 0.50 [95% CI, 0.34-0.74]; carriers: 80 [9.4%] with clopidogrel-aspirin vs 95 [10.9%] with aspirin; HR, 0.92 [95% CI, 0.68-1.24]; P = .02 for interaction). The effect of treatment assignment on bleeding did not vary significantly between the carriers and the noncarriers of the loss-of-function alleles (2.3% for carriers and 2.5% for noncarriers in the clopidogrel-aspirin group vs 1.4% for carriers and 1.7% for noncarriers in the aspirin only group; P = .78 for interaction). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Among patients with minor ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack, the use of clopidogrel plus aspirin compared with aspirin alone reduced the risk of a new stroke only in the subgroup of patients who were not carriers of the CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles. These findings support a role of CYP2C19 genotype in the efficacy of this treatment. TRIAL REGISTRATION: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00979589. FAU - Wang, Yilong
Effect of CYP2C19 Genotype on Ischemic Outcomes During Oral P2Y(12) Inhibitor Therapy: A Meta-Analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to examine the effect of CYP2C19 genotype on clinical outcomes in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) who predominantly underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), comparing those treated with ticagrelor or prasugrel versus clopidogrel. BACKGROUND: The effect of CYP2C19 genotype on treatment outcomes with ticagrelor or prasugrel compared with clopidogrel is unclear. METHODS: Databases through February 19, 2020, were searched for studies reporting the effect of CYP2C19 genotype on ischemic outcomes during ticagrelor or prasugrel versus clopidogrel treatment. Study eligibility required outcomes reported for CYP2C19 genotype status and clopidogrel and alternative P2Y(12) inhibitors in patients with CAD with at least 50% undergoing PCI. The primary analysis consisted of randomized controlled trials (RCTs). A secondary analysis was conducted by adding non-RCTs to the primary analysis. The primary outcome was a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, and severe recurrent ischemia. Meta-analysis was conducted to compare the 2 drug regimens and test interaction with CYP2C19 genotype. RESULTS: Of 1,335 studies identified, 7 RCTs were included (15,949 patients, mean age 62 years; 77% had PCI, 98% had acute coronary syndromes). Statistical heterogeneity was minimal, and risk for bias was low. Ticagrelor and prasugrel compared with clopidogrel resulted in a significant reduction in ischemic events (relative risk: 0.70; 95% confidence interval: 0.59 to 0.83) in CYP2C19 loss-of-function carriers but not in noncarriers (relative risk: 1.0; 95% confidence interval: 0.80 to 1.25). The test of interaction on the basis of CYP2C19 genotype status was statistically significant (p = 0.013), suggesting that CYP2C19 genotype modified the effect. An additional 4 observational studies were found, and adding them to the analysis provided the same conclusions (p value of the test of interaction <0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The effect of ticagrelor or prasugrel compared with clopidogrel in reducing ischemic events in patients with CAD who predominantly undergo PCI is based primarily on the presence of CYP2C19 loss-of-function carrier status. These results support genetic testing prior to prescribing P2Y(12) inhibitor therapy.
Association of CYP2C19 Loss-of-Function Metabolizer Status With Stroke Risk Among Chinese Patients Treated With Ticagrelor-Aspirin vs Clopidogrel-Aspirin: A Prespecified Secondary Analysis of a Randomized Clinical Trial.$$$ IMPORTANCE: The Clopidogrel With Aspirin in High-Risk Patients With Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events II (CHANCE-2) trial showed that ticagrelor-aspirin combination therapy reduced the risk of stroke compared with a clopidogrel-aspirin combination among carriers of CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles after a transient ischemic attack (TIA) or minor ischemic stroke. However, the association between the degree of CYP2C19 LOF and ideal treatment allocation remains unknown. OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-aspirin vs clopidogrel-aspirin are consistent with the expected degree of CYP2C19 LOF after TIA or minor stroke. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: CHANCE-2 was a multicenter, double-blind, double-dummy, placebo-controlled randomized clinical trial. Patients were enrolled at 202 centers in China from September 23, 2019, through March 22, 2021. Patients with at least two *2 or *3 alleles (*2/*2, *2/*3, or *3/*3) according to point-of-care genotyping were classified as "poor metabolizers," and those with one *2 or *3 allele (*1/*2 or *1/*3) were classified as "intermediate metabolizers." INTERVENTIONS: Patients were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive ticagrelor (180-mg loading dose on day 1 followed by 90 mg twice daily for days 2-90) or clopidogrel (300-mg loading dose on day 1 followed by 75 mg/d for days 2-90). All patients received aspirin (75- to 300-mg loading dose followed by 75 mg/d for 21 days). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary efficacy outcome was a new ischemic or hemorrhagic stroke. The secondary efficacy outcome was a composite of new clinical vascular events and individual ischemic stroke events within 3 months. The primary safety outcome was severe or moderate bleeding. Analyses were performed according to the intention-to-treat principle. RESULTS: Of the 6412 patients enrolled, the median age was 64.8 years (IQR, 57.0-71.4 years), and 4242 patients (66.2%) were men. Of the 6412 patients, 5001 (78.0%) were intermediate metabolizers, and 1411 (22.0%) were poor metabolizers. The primary outcome occurred less often with ticagrelor-aspirin vs clopidogrel-aspirin, irrespective of metabolizer status (6.0% [150 of 2486] vs 7.6% [191 of 2515]; hazard ratio [HR], 0.78 [95% CI, 0.63-0.97] among intermediate metabolizers and 5.7% [41 of 719] vs 7.5% [52 of 692]; HR, 0.77 [95% CI, 0.50-1.18] among poor metabolizers; P = .88 for interaction). Patients taking ticagrelor-aspirin had a higher risk of any bleeding event compared with those taking clopidogrel-aspirin, irrespective of metabolizer status: 5.4% (134 of 2486) vs 2.6% (66 of 2512) (HR, 2.14 [95% CI, 1.59-2.89]) among intermediate metabolizers and 5.0% (36 of 719) vs 2.0% (14 of 692) (HR, 2.99 [95% CI, 1.51-5.93]) among poor metabolizers (P = .66 for interaction). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This prespecified analysis of a randomized clinical trial found no difference in treatment effect between poor and intermediate CYP2C19 metabolizers. The relative clinical efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-aspirin vs clopidogrel-aspirin were consistent across CYP2C19 genotypes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04078737. FAU - Xie, Xuewei
Platelet reactivity after clopidogrel loading in patients with acute ischemic stroke.$$$ OBJECTIVE: It remains unclear when sufficient antiplatelet effect is achieved after administration of a loading dose of clopidogrel in patients with acute ischemic stroke (AIS). This study aimed to evaluate the clopidogrel response in patients with AIS identified by the platelet function test (PFT). METHODS: P2Y(12) reaction unit (PRU) values measured using VerifyNow at baseline and at 6, 24, and 72 h after administration of a loading dose (300 mg) of clopidogrel were compared between patients with AIS and those of other cerebrovascular diseases (CVD). The prevalence of clopidogrel abnormal response and its associated factors were examined. RESULTS: The PRU value was significantly reduced with time in the other CVD group (p < 0.0001), and also in the AIS group (p = 0.0073). The PRU values were significantly higher in the AIS group than in the other CVD group (p < 0.0001 between the groups, baseline: 314 ± 53 vs. 284 ± 62, p = 0.35; 6 h: 290 ± 66 vs. 214 ± 71, p = 0.016; 24 h: 270 ± 75 vs. 190 ± 70, p < 0.0001; and 72 h: 231 ± 76 vs. 163 ± 93, p = 0.105). The prevalence of clopidogrel hypo-responder (PRU > 240 at 24 h after administration) was higher in the AIS group (79 vs. 33%, p < 0.0001) and associated with the baseline PRU value but not with the cytochrome P450 2C19 genotype or clinical ischemic events. CONCLUSIONS: Residual platelet reactivity at 24 h after clopidogrel loading was substantially higher in patients with AIS than in patients with other CVD. In addition, most patients with AIS were judged to be hypo-responders on PFT. This should be carefully interpreted in patients with AIS because of poor specificity for predicting clinical ischemic events.
Dual Antiplatelet Therapy After Embolic Stroke of Undetermined Source: A Subgroup Analysis of the CHANCE-2 Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: The atherosclerotic sources of embolism are a significant contributor to embolic stroke of undetermined source (ESUS). However, there is limited evidence for the efficacy of intensive dual antiplatelet therapy for ESUS. We conducted an investigation to determine whether gene-directed dual antiplatelet therapy could reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in patients with ESUS. METHODS: CHANCE-2 (Clopidogrel in High-Risk Patients with Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events-II) was an investigator-initiated, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial that objectively compared ticagrelor plus aspirin and clopidogrel plus aspirin in patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack who carried CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles in China. All study participants were classified into ESUS and non-ESUS groups for the prespecified exploratory analysis. Cox proportional hazards models were used to assess the interaction of the state of ESUS with the effects of dual antiplatelet therapy with ticagrelor-aspirin versus clopidogrel-aspirin, adjusting for sociodemographic and clinical factors. RESULTS: The subgroup analysis comprised 5796 participants (90.4% of the total 6412 participants) in the CHANCE-2 trial, with a median age of 64.9 years (range, 57.0-71.4 years), of whom 1964 (33.9%) were female. These participants underwent diffusion-weighted imaging as part of the study protocol. After systematic evaluation, 15.2% of patients (881/5796) were deemed to have ESUS. The incidence of stroke recurrence in patients with ESUS was found to be 5.6% in the ticagrelor-aspirin group and 9.2% in the clopidogrel-aspirin group (hazard ratio, 0.57 [95% CI, 0.33-0.99]; P=0.04). In patients without ESUS, the respective incidence rates were 5.6% and 7.5% (hazard ratio, 0.72 [95% CI, 0.58-0.90]; P<0.01). The P value was 0.56 for the treatment × ESUS status interaction effect. CONCLUSIONS: In this prespecified exploratory analysis, ticagrelor with aspirin was superior to clopidogrel with aspirin for preventing stroke at 90 days in patients with acute ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack who carried CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles and were classified as ESUS. REGISTRATION: URL: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov; Unique identifier: NCT04078737. FAU - Xie, Xuewei
Effects of remnant cholesterol on the efficacy of genotype-guided dual antiplatelet in CYP2C19 loss-of -function carriers with minor stroke or transient ischaemic attack: a post-hoc analysis of the CHANCE-2 trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: The atherogenicity of remnant cholesterol (RC), a contributor to residual risk of cardiovascular events, has been underlined by recent guidelines. We aimed to evaluate the relationship between RC levels and the efficacy and safety of genotype-guided dual antiplatelet therapy in the CHANCE-2 trial. METHODS: This post-hoc study used data from the CHANCE-2 trial, which was a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of 6412 patients (aged >40 years) enrolled from 202 hospitals in China, between Sept 23, 2019, and March 22, 2021, who carried CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles and had either an acute minor stroke or high-risk transient ischaemic attack (TIA), and could start treatment within 24 h of symptom onset. Participants received either (1:1) ticagrelor plus aspirin (control) or clopidogrel plus aspirin (intervention) and the effect of reducing the 3-month risk of any new stroke was assessed (ischemic or haemorrhagic, primary outcome). From the CHANCE-2 study population, we enrolled 5890 patients with complete data on RC. The cutoff point of RC for distinguishing patients with greater benefit from ticagrelor-aspirin versus clopidogrel-aspirin was determined with subpopulation treatment effect pattern plot. The primary efficacy and safety outcome was recurrent stroke and severe or moderate bleeding within 90 days, respectively. CHANCE-2 is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT04078737. FINDINGS: The cutoff to define elevated RC was 0.91 mmol/L. Ticagrelor-aspirin versus clopidogrel-aspirin was associated with a reduced risk of recurrent stroke in patients with non-elevated RC levels (122 [5.3%] versus 179 [7.8%]; hazard ratio [HR], 0.68; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.54-0.85), but this benefit was absent in those with elevated RC levels (58 [8.4%] versus 48 [7.3%]; HR, 1.10; 95% CI, 0.73-1.65; P-interaction = 0.03). When analyzed as a continuous variable, the benefit of ticagrelor-aspirin on recurrent stroke decreased as RC levels increased. The rates of severe or moderate bleeding between treatment groups were similar across RC categories (0.3% versus 0.3%, P-interaction = 0.95). INTERPRETATION: Our post-hoc findings suggest that RC could be a potential biomarker to discriminate patients who received more benefits from ticagrelor-aspirin versus clopidogrel-aspirin therapy in CYP2C19 loss-of-function carriers with minor stroke or TIA. These findings need to be validated in an independent study. FUNDING: The National Key Research and Development Program of China, Beijing Natural Science Foundation Haidian original innovation joint fund, Fund for Young Talents of Beijing Medical Management Center, the high-level public health talents, Training Fund for Open Projects at Clinical Institutes and Departments of Capital Medical University; and Salubris.
Blood cells: an historical account of the roles of purinergic signalling.$$$ The involvement of purinergic signalling in the physiology of erythrocytes, platelets and leukocytes was recognised early. The release of ATP and the expression of purinoceptors and ectonucleotidases on erythrocytes in health and disease are reviewed. The release of ATP and ADP from platelets and the expression and roles of P1, P2Y(1), P2Y(12) and P2X1 receptors on platelets are described. P2Y(1) and P2X(1) receptors mediate changes in platelet shape, while P2Y(12) receptors mediate platelet aggregation. The changes in the role of purinergic signalling in a variety of disease conditions are considered. The successful use of P2Y(12) receptor antagonists, such as clopidogrel and ticagrelor, for the treatment of thrombosis, myocardial infarction and stroke is discussed. FAU - Burnstock, Geoffrey
Cardiovascular Pharmacogenomics: An Update on Clinical Studies of Antithrombotic Drugs in Brazilian Patients.$$$ Anticoagulant and antiplatelet drugs effectively prevent thrombotic events in patients with cardiovascular diseases, ischemic stroke, peripheral vascular diseases, and other thromboembolic diseases. However, genetic and non-genetic factors affect the response to antithrombotic therapy and can increase the risk of adverse events. This narrative review discusses pharmacogenomic studies on antithrombotic drugs commonly prescribed in Brazil. Multiple Brazilian studies assessed the impact of pharmacokinetic (PK) and pharmacodynamic (PD) gene variants on warfarin response. The reduced function alleles CYP2C9*2 and CYP2C9*3, and VKORC1 rs9923231 (c.-1639G>A) are associated with increased sensitivity to warfarin and a low dose requirement to prevent bleeding episodes, whereas CYP4F2 rs2108622 (p.Val433Met) carriers have higher dose requirements (warfarin resistance). These deleterious variants and non-genetic factors (age, gender, body weight, co-administered drugs, food interactions, and others) account for up to 63% of the warfarin dose variability. Few pharmacogenomics studies have explored antiplatelet drugs in Brazilian cohorts, finding associations between CYP2C19*2, PON1 rs662 and ABCC3 rs757421 genotypes and platelet responsiveness or clopidogrel PK in subjects with coronary artery disease (CAD) or acute coronary syndrome (ACS), whereas ITGB3 contributes to aspirin PK but not platelet responsiveness in diabetic patients. Brazilian guidelines on anticoagulants and antiplatelets recommend the use of a platelet aggregation test or genotyping only in selected cases of ACS subjects without ST-segment elevation taking clopidogrel, and also suggest CYP2C9 and VKORC1 genotyping before starting warfarin therapy to assess the risk of bleeding episodes or warfarin resistance.
CYP2C19 Genotype Is Associated With Adverse Cardiovascular Outcomes in Black Patients Treated With Clopidogrel Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND: Cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) intermediate and poor metabolizer patients exhibit diminished clopidogrel clinical effectiveness after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). However, outcome studies to date have lacked racial diversity. Thus, the impact of CYP2C19 genotype on cardiovascular outcomes in patients treated with clopidogrel who identify as Black or African American remains unclear. METHODS AND RESULTS: Adults among 5 institutions who self-identified as Black or African American, underwent PCI and clinical CYP2C19 genotyping, and were treated with clopidogrel were included. Data were abstracted from health records. Major atherothrombotic (composite of death, myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, stent thrombosis, or revascularization for unstable angina) and bleeding event rates within 1 year after PCI were compared across CYP2C19 metabolizer groups using multivariable Cox regression adjusted for potential confounders and baseline variables meeting a threshold of P<0.10. The population included 567 Black patients treated with clopidogrel (median age, 62 years; 46% women; 70% with an acute coronary syndrome indication for PCI). Major atherothrombotic events rates were significantly higher among clopidogrel-treated intermediate and poor metabolizers (24 of 125 [19.2%]) versus patients treated with clopidogrel without a no function allele (43 of 442 [9.7%]; 35.1 versus 15.9 events per 100 person-years; adjusted hazard ratio, 2.00 [95% CI, 1.20-3.33], P=0.008). Bleeding event rates were low overall (23 of 567 [4.1%]) and did not differ among the metabolizer groups. CONCLUSIONS: Black patients with CYP2C19 intermediate and poor metabolizer phenotypes who are treated with clopidogrel exhibit increased risk of adverse cardiovascular outcomes after PCI in a real-world clinical setting. Bleeding outcomes should be interpreted cautiously. Prospective studies are needed to determine whether genotype-guided use of prasugrel or ticagrelor in intermediate and poor metabolizers improves outcomes in Black patients undergoing PCI. FAU - Tunehag, Kayla R
The role of P2Y(12) receptor in ischemic stroke of atherosclerotic origin.$$$ Atherosclerosis is a chronic and progressive disease of the arterial walls and a leading cause of non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke. P2Y(12) is a well-recognized receptor that is expressed on platelets and is a target of thienopyridine-type antiplatelet drugs. In the last few decades, P2Y(12) receptor inhibitors, such as clopidogrel, have been applied for the secondary prevention of non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke. Recent clinical studies have suggested that these P2Y(12) receptor inhibitors may be more effective than other antiplatelet drugs in patients with ischemic stroke/transient ischemic attack of atherosclerotic origin. Moreover, animal studies have also shown that the P2Y(12) receptor may participate in atherogenesis by promoting the proliferation and migration of vascular smooth muscle cells (VSMCs) and endothelial dysfunction, and affecting inflammatory cell activities in addition to amplifying and maintaining ADP-induced platelet activation and platelet aggregation. P2Y(12) receptor inhibitors may also exert neuroprotective effects after ischemic stroke. Thus, P2Y(12) receptor inhibitors may be a better choice for secondary prevention in patients with atherosclerotic ischemic stroke subtypes because of their triple functions (i.e., their anti-atherosclerotic, anti-platelet aggregation, and neuroprotective activities), and the P2Y(12) receptor may also serve as a noval therapeutic target for atherosclerosis. In this review, we summarize the current knowledge on the P2Y(12) receptor and its key roles in atherosclerosis and ischemic stroke of atherosclerotic origin. FAU - Gao, Ying
Long-Term P2Y12-Receptor Antagonists in Post-Myocardial Infarction Patients: Facing a New Trilemma?$$$ Physicians considering prescription of P2Y12-receptor antagonist for long-term (>1 year) protection of patients post-myocardial infarction face the trilemma of selecting between clopidogrel, prasugrel, or ticagrelor. Differential ischemic benefits derived from relevant trials may assist in tailoring treatment, although the different bleeding definitions applied make any meaningful comparison of each agent's bleeding potential very difficult. Considering the available data and recognizing the significant limitation of observations obtained thus far from subgroup analyses, prasugrel appears to provide higher anti-ischemic protection than clopidogrel. Ticagrelor seems to be an attractive option for patients with renal dysfunction, peripheral arterial disease, or following a brief P2Y12-receptor antagonist interruption, whereas clopidogrel may be advised in the presence of cost and availability issues. As head-to-head comparative trials between P2Y12-receptor antagonists are lacking, selection of a specific agent by the clinician should be made on the basis of critical appraisal of available large clinical datasets.
Efficacy of clopidogrel for stroke depends on CYP2C19 genotype and risk profile.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAT) with clopidogrel plus aspirin has been suggested by American Heart Association/American Stroke Association guidelines for minor stroke (MS) and transient ischemic attack (TIA) patients. The purpose of this study was to find the potential subgroups that benefit from DAT. We aimed to compare the efficacy of clopidogrel-aspirin therapy with that of aspirin therapy in MS/TIA patients stratified by CYP2C19 genotype and risk profiles. METHODS: CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele (LoFA) carriers were defined as patients with LoFA of either *2 or *3. Low- and high-risk profile was defined as Essen Stroke Risk Score (ESRS) <3 and ≥3, respectively. Stroke recurrence at 1 year was considered primary outcome. RESULTS: Of a total 2,933 MS/TIA patients, there were 1,726 (58.8%) LoFA carriers and 1,068 (36.4%) patients at high risk (ESRS ≥3). No significant difference for stroke recurrence between the clopidogrel-aspirin group and aspirin alone group was found in LoFA carriers (11.2% vs 13.3%, hazard ratio [HR] = 0.83, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.64~1.09). In stratified analyses by CYP2C19 genotype and ESRS, HRs (95% CIs) of the clopidogrel-aspirin therapy for stroke recurrence were 1.00 (0.70~1.42), 0.63 (0.41~0.97), 0.62 (0.40~0.96), and 0.52 (0.31~0.88) among subgroups of LoFA carriers at low risk, LoFA carriers at high risk, LoFA noncarriers at low risk, and LoFA noncarriers at high risk, respectively, with p = 0.021 for interaction. INTERPRETATION: Overall, LoFA carriers do not benefit from DAT, but there is significant benefit for LoFA carriers who are at high risk. The benefit of clopidogrel in Chinese MS/TIA patients depends on CYP2C19 genotype and risk profile. ANN NEUROL 2019;86:419-426.
Aspirin vs. P2Y12 Inhibitor Rivalry: Which One Can be Continued During Gastrointestinal Bleeding.$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) is the mainstay of secondary prevention treatment for acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and ischemic stroke, especially after coronary intervention. DAPT consists of aspirin and P2Y12 receptor inhibitor (e.g. clopidogrel), and the use of DAPT has been increased over time. The most serious and common adverse effect is gastrointestinal bleeding. Guidelines in managing such condition are available among Gastroenterologist Societies and Cardiologist Societies. Most guidelines are consistent with each other to continue the use of aspirin while withholding P2Y12. However, European Society of Cardiologist (ESC) guideline in 2017 recommends P2Y12 receptor inhibitor as the preferred antiplatelet for patient with upper gastrointestinal bleeding. This review will look on the guidelines and other supporting evidence for the justification on the antiplatelet of choice. FAU - Bestari, Muhammad Begawan
One-Year Outcomes of Early Therapy With Ticagrelor vs Clopidogrel in CYP2C19 Loss-of-Function Carriers With Stroke or TIA Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The Ticagrelor or Clopidogrel with Aspirin in High-Risk Patients with Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events II (CHANCE-2) trial showed that among Chinese patients with minor ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA) who were carriers of CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles, dual-antiplatelet therapy with ticagrelor-aspirin reduced the 90-day risk of stroke without increased severe or moderate bleeding compared with clopidogrel-aspirin. However, whether dual-antiplatelet therapy with ticagrelor was superior to clopidogrel beyond the 90 days of follow-up remained unclear. In this study, we reported 1-year follow-up outcomes of the CHANCE-2 trial. METHODS: The CHANCE-2 trial is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial at 202 centers in China. Patients with a minor stroke or TIA who carried CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles were randomized within 24 hours after symptom onset, in a 1:1 ratio, to receive ticagrelor and placebo clopidogrel or to receive clopidogrel and placebo ticagrelor for 90 days; both groups received aspirin for the first 21 days. After day 90, treatment was as per the choice of the clinician and the patient. RESULTS: Among 6,412 patients, the proportion of patients on ticagrelor plus aspirin, clopidogrel plus aspirin, ticagrelor alone, clopidogrel alone, aspirin alone, other antiplatelet, and no antiplatelet beyond month 3 to 1 year was 0.09%, 1.56%, 0.13%, 2.66%, 73.65%, 0.78%, and 21.13% in the ticagrelor-aspirin group and 0.03%, 1.63%, 0.19%, 2.60%, 72.83%, 0.66%, and 22.06% in the clopidogrel-aspirin group, respectively. The primary outcome of new stroke occurred in 252 patients (7.91%) in the ticagrelor-aspirin group and 310 patients (9.73%) in the clopidogrel-aspirin group by 1 year of follow-up (hazard ratio 0.80; 95% CI 0.68-0.95; p = 0.007); new stroke beyond 3 months to 1 year occurred in 61 patients (2.07%) and 67 patients (2.32%) (p = 0.48), respectively. Primary safety outcome of severe or moderate bleeding occurred in 17 patients (0.53%) in the ticagrelor-aspirin group and 20 patients (0.63%) in the clopidogrel-aspirin group (p = 0.61). DISCUSSION: For CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele carriers, early dual-antiplatelet therapy with ticagrelor is superior to clopidogrel at 1 year in reducing recurrent stroke. TRIAL REGISTRATION INFORMATION: URL: clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT04078737. CLASSIFICATION OF EVIDENCE: This study provides Class II evidence that for patients with minor stroke or TIA with TIACYP2C19 loss-of-function, ticagrelor plus aspirin for 21 days is superior to clopidogrel plus aspirin in reducing the 1-year risk of recurrent stroke. FAU - Meng, Xia
Clopidogrel responder status is uninfluenced by CYP2C19*2 in Danish patients with stroke.$$$ BACKGROUND: Antiplatelet therapy is a cornerstone of secondary stroke prevention, but the responsiveness to antiplatelet medication varies among patients. Clopidogrel is a pro-drug that requires hepatic transformation to reach its active metabolite. Single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in key enzymes or the target adenosine diphosphate (ADP) receptor on the platelet surface are believed to be involved in clopidogrel-mediated platelet inhibition and decreased antiplatelet effect with high-on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR). OBJECTIVE: This study investigated whether specific SNPs in key hepatic enzymes (CYP2C19*2, *3, *17, CYP3A4*1G, and NR1I2) or the ADP receptor (PR2Y12) are associated with HTPR to clopidogrel. PATIENTS & METHODS: This observational study included patients with ischemic stroke (IS) and transient ischemic attacks (TIAs) receiving clopidogrel at a dose of 75 mg/day. Patients were genotyped for eight different SNPs in the genes encoding CYP2C19, CYP3A4, NR1I2, and the P2Y12 receptor. RESULTS: Of the 103 patients that were included, 30.7% carried the CYP2C19*2 allele and had higher platelet reaction unit (PRU) values than non-carriers, but no patients showed HTPR. Carriers of the *17 allele had higher platelet inhibition but showed no difference in PRU values compared with non-carriers. The remaining SNPs were neither associated with PRU nor with platelet inhibition. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with IS and TIAs treated with 75 mg clopidogrel/day do not have HTPR. A genetic analysis of CYP2C19*2, *3, *17, CYP3A4*1G, and NR1I2 revealed no associations with clopidogrel HTPR. CYP2C19*2 carriers and patients with HTPR in the acute phase after ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attacks exhibit higher PRU values, but not long-term treatment HTPR. FAU - Rath, Charlotte Lützhøft
Cytochrome CYP2C19 polymorphism and risk of adverse clinical events in clopidogrel-treated patients: a meta-analysis based on 23,035 subjects.$$$ BACKGROUND: Previous studies have investigated the relationship between CYP2C19 polymorphism and clinical prognosis in coronary artery disease patients treated with clopidogrel, but the results were inconsistent. AIMS: To assess the impact of CYP2C19 polymorphism on the risk of adverse clinical events by performing a meta-analysis of relevant studies in the last few years. METHODS: Prospective cohort studies or post-hoc analyses of randomized controlled trials were identified from the databases of PubMed/Medline, EMBASE and the Cochrane Library. Endpoints were fatal or non-fatal myocardial infarction, cardiovascular or all-cause death, definite or probable stent thrombosis, target vessel revascularization, target lesion revascularization, urgent revascularization, ischaemic stroke and bleeding. Pooled effects were measured by odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). RESULTS: A total of 21 studies involving 23,035 patients were included. Compared with non-carriers of the CYP2C19 variant allele, the carriers were found to have an increased risk of adverse clinical events (OR 1.50, 95% CI 1.21-1.87; P=0.0003), myocardial infarction (OR 1.62, 95% CI 1.35-1.95; P<0.00001), stent thrombosis (OR 2.08, 95% CI 1.67-2.60; P<0.00001), ischaemic stroke (OR 2.14, 95% CI 1.36-3.38; P=0.001) and repeat revascularization (OR 1.35, 95% CI 1.10-1.66; P=0.004), but not of mortality (P=0.500) and bleeding events (P=0.930). CONCLUSION: CYP2C19 polymorphism is significantly associated with risk of adverse clinical events in clopidogrel-treated patients.
A Clinical Update on Antiplatelet Therapy in Secondary Prevention of Ischemic Stroke.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Antiplatelet therapy remains the standard of care in secondary stroke prevention for non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke and transient ischemic attack. We aim to examine the use of antiplatelet agents in secondary prevention through highlighting relevant clinical trials and meta-analyses as well as providing commentary regarding our practice. RECENT FINDINGS: In the POINT and CHANCE trials, dual antiplatelet therapy reduced recurrent stroke compared to aspirin monotherapy. Sub-analyses of these trials suggest that genetic polymorphisms could play a role in diminishing the effectiveness of clopidogrel. Similarly, THALES demonstrated better outcomes with ticagrelor-aspirin combination therapy over aspirin monotherapy. Combination antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and the P2Y12 inhibitors, clopidogrel and ticagrelor, reduced stroke recurrence in those presenting with mild ischemic stroke or high risk TIA. Genetic polymorphisms may play a role in determining the appropriate regimen. Questions remain regarding the optimal duration of combination antiplatelet therapy for various stroke etiologies.
CYP2C19 Genetic Testing for Oral P2Y12 Inhibitor Therapy: A Scientific Statement From the American Heart Association.$$$ There is significant variability in the efficacy and safety of oral P2Y12 inhibitors, which are used to prevent ischemic outcomes in common diseases such as coronary and peripheral arterial disease and stroke. Clopidogrel, a prodrug, is the most used oral P2Y12 inhibitor and is activated primarily after being metabolized by a highly polymorphic hepatic cytochrome CYP2C219 enzyme. Loss-of-function genetic variants in CYP2C219 are common, can result in decreased active metabolite levels and increased on-treatment platelet aggregation, and are associated with increased ischemic events on clopidogrel therapy. Such patients can be identified by CYP2C19 genetic testing and can be treated with alternative therapy. Conversely, universal use of potent oral P2Y12 inhibitors such as ticagrelor or prasugrel, which are not dependent on CYP2C19 for activation, has been recommended but can result in increased bleeding. Recent clinical trials and meta-analyses have demonstrated that a precision medicine approach in which loss-of-function carriers are prescribed ticagrelor or prasugrel and noncarriers are prescribed clopidogrel results in reducing ischemic events without increasing bleeding risk. The evidence to date supports CYP2C19 genetic testing before oral P2Y12 inhibitors are prescribed in patients with acute coronary syndromes or percutaneous coronary intervention. Clinical implementation of such genetic testing will depend on among multiple factors: rapid availability of results or adoption of the concept of performing preemptive genetic testing, provision of easy-to-understand results with therapeutic recommendations, and seamless integration in the electronic health record. FAU - Pereira, Naveen L
P2Y12 Receptor Antagonists: Which One to Choose? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Pharmacological properties of the currently available P2Y12 receptor antagonists differ significantly and lead to different degrees of platelets inhibition and cardiovascular outcomes. METHODS: We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of the comparative effects of newer antiplatelet agents versus clopidogrel on major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, major bleeding and stent thrombosis, in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and/or undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). RESULTS: We identified 11 prospective randomized studies comparing newer antiplatelets to clopidogrel. The total number of participants included in meta-analysis was 70239. The total number of participants treated with clopidogrel was 34792 while 35447 patients were assigned to newer P2Y12 inhibitors, of which 29.4% received ticagrelor, 35.2% prasugrel and 35.4% were loaded with intravenous cangrelor. Ticagrelor use was associated with significantly reduced MACE, all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction and stent thrombosis and similar rates of stroke and major bleeding compared to clopidogrel in patients with ACS and/or PCI. Prasugrel use was associated with significantly lower rates of MACE, MI and stent thrombosis but significantly high rates of major bleeding and thus no all-cause mortality benefit compared to clopidogrel. CONCLUSION: Newer P2Y12 receptor antagonists are associated with better cardiovascular outcomes in patients with ACS and/or undergoing PCI. Prasugrel use resulted in higher major bleeding rates and no overall mortality benefit compared with clopidogrel. FAU - Briasoulis, Alexandros
Cytochrome P450 2C19 Polymorphisms and Its Association With Major Adverse Cardiac Events in Post-coronary Intervention Patients on Clopidogrel in the Tertiary Care Center.$$$ Background Clopidogrel has become essential in managing coronary artery disease and other atherothrombotic diseases. It is an inactive prodrug that needs biotransformation in the liver by various cytochrome P (CYP) 450 isoenzymes for its active metabolite formation. However, 4-30% of patients on clopidogrel have shown no or decreased antiplatelet response. This condition is called 'clopidogrel non-responsiveness' or 'clopidogrel resistance.' This is attributed to genetic heterogeneity causing interindividual variation and increased risk of major adverse cardiac events (MACEs). This study aimed to assess MACEs and their association with CYP450 2C19 polymorphisms in post-coronary intervention patients on clopidogrel. Methods This prospective observational study was conducted on acute coronary syndrome patients, started on clopidogrel following coronary intervention. After considering inclusion and exclusion criteria, 72 patients were enrolled, and a genetic analysis was done. Based on genetic analysis, patients were divided into two groups, normal (CYP2C19*1) and abnormal phenotypes (CYP2C19*2 & *3). These patients were followed for two years, and the MACE during the first year and second year was compared between these two groups. Results Of 72 patients, 39 (54.1%) were normal, and 33 (45.8%) were abnormal genotypes. The mean age of patients is 67.71 ± 9.968. A total of 19 and 27 MACEs were seen during first- and second-year follow-ups. During the first-year follow-up, three (9.1%) patients with abnormal phenotypes developed ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI), and none of the phenotypically normal patients developed STEMI (p-value = 0.183). Non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) was seen in three (7.7%) normal and seven (21.2%) abnormal phenotype patients (p-value=0.19). Other events, such as thrombotic stroke, stent thrombosis, and cardiac death, were seen in two (6.1%) abnormal phenotypic patients (p-value=0.401). During the second-year follow-up, STEMI was seen in one (2.6%) normal and three (9.7%) abnormal phenotypic patients (p-value=0.183). NSTEMI was seen in four (10.3%) normal and nine (29%) abnormal phenotype patients (p=0.045). Comparison of total MACEs between normal and abnormal phenotypic groups at the end of the first year( )(p-value=0.011) and second year (p-value=<0.01) has statistical significance. Conclusion We can infer that the risk of developing a recurrent MACE in post-coronary intervention patients on clopidogrel is significantly high in the abnormal phenotypic group (CYP2C19*2 & *3) than in normal phenotypic patients.
Triple therapy for atrial fibrillation and percutaneous coronary intervention: a contemporary review.$$$ Chronic oral anticoagulant therapy is recommended (class I) in patients with mechanical heart valves and in patients with atrial fibrillation with a CHA2DS2-VASc (Congestive heart failure, Hypertension, Age ≥75 years, Diabetes mellitus, prior Stroke or transient ischemic attack or thromboembolism, Vascular disease, Age 65 to 74 years, Sex category) score ≥1. When these patients undergo percutaneous coronary intervention with stenting, treatment with aspirin and a P2Y12 receptor inhibitor also becomes indicated. Before 2014, guidelines recommended the use of triple therapy (vitamin K antagonists, aspirin, and clopidogrel) for these patients. However, major bleeding is increasingly recognized as the Achilles' heel of the triple therapy regimen. Lately, various studies have investigated this topic, including a prospective randomized trial, and the evidence for adding aspirin to the regimen of vitamin K antagonists and clopidogrel seems to be weakened. In this group of patients, the challenge is finding the optimal equilibrium to prevent thromboembolic events, such as stent thrombosis and thromboembolic stroke, without increasing bleeding risk.
Clopidogrel and aspirin in cardiovascular medicine: responders or not--current best available evidence.$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy represents an important advance for patients with established coronary artery disease. It is an important strategy for patients with acute coronary syndromes and those undergoing percutaneous transcatheter coronary interventions. Clopidogrel effectively inhibits ADP-induced platelet activation and aggregation by selectively and irreversibly blocking the P2Y(12) receptor on the platelet membrane. Aspirin works by irreversibly acetylating the cyclooxygenase (COX-1) enzyme, thus suppressing the production of thromboxane A(2) (TxA(2)) and inhibiting platelet activation and aggregation. Variable platelet response and potential resistance to therapy has emerged with aspirin and clopidogrel. The definitions of antiplatelet agents variability in responsiveness and nonresponsiveness are discussed. Clopidogrel and aspirin responsiveness as they are measured in the laboratory by various techniques (platelet aggregometry and point-of-care assays such as platelet function analyzer [PFA-100] and rapid platelet function assay [RPFA]) are evaluated. The mechanisms responsible for variations in responsiveness to antiplatelet agents such as clinical, cellular and genetic factors are defined. Aspirin and clopidogrel resistance are emerging clinical entities with potentially severe consequences such as myocardial infarction, stroke or death. The therapeutic interventions to deal with nonresponsiveness are reported, although specific recommendations are not clearly established. In the future, routine measurement of platelet function in patients with cardiovascular disease may become the standard of care. Personalized antithrombotic treatment strategies may be determined by ex-vivo measurements that identify critical pathways influencing thrombotic risk in the individual patient. FAU - Tourmousoglou, C E
Clopidogrel may decrease the risk of post-stroke infection after ischaemic stroke.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: The P2Y12 receptor, a well-known factor in the platelet activation pathway, plays a role in thrombosis as well as systemic inflammation. Clopidogrel, a prototype P2Y12 receptor antagonist, reportedly decreases inflammation and systemic infection. The aim of this study was to evaluate whether clopidogrel use decreases the risk of post-stroke infection following ischaemic stroke. METHODS: A total of 1643 patients with acute ischaemic stroke (within 7 days after onset) were included for analysis between March 2010 and December 2015. Patients were categorized into two groups (clopidogrel users versus clopidogrel non-users), and clinical characteristics and risks of post-stroke infection were compared between the two groups. The inverse probability of treatment weighting using propensity scores for baseline imbalance adjustments was applied. RESULTS: Of the included patients (mean age 67.7 years; men 60.6%), 670 (40.8%) patients were clopidogrel users and 164 (10.0%) patients had post-stroke infection. The proportion of patients with post-stroke infection was significantly lower in clopidogrel users compared to clopidogrel non-users (6.7% vs. 12.2%, P ≤ 0.001). Moreover, clopidogrel users were less likely to be admitted to the intensive care unit (13.3% vs. 35.3%, P = 0.006). A multivariate analysis with inverse probability of treatment weighting revealed that clopidogrel users exhibited a lower risk of post-stroke infection (odds ratio 0.56, 95% confidence interval 0.42-0.75) and intensive care unit admission (odds ratio 0.34, 95% confidence interval 0.22-0.53). CONCLUSIONS: The study suggested that clopidogrel users exhibit a lower risk of infection and develop less severe infections after ischaemic stroke. Further prospective studies are needed.
Potential Usefulness of Clopidogrel Pharmacogenetics in Cerebral Endovascular Procedures and Carotid Artery Stenting.$$$ BACKGROUND: Previous reports have shown inadequate response to dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin and clopidogrel in 5-30% of patients undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions (PCI), due mostly to clopidogrel resistance. This prevalence increases up to 66% in patients undergoing neurointerventional procedures. However, clinical significance of CYP2C19 genotypes in neurointerventional procedures or carotid artery stenting (CAS) is unknown. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this review is to update our current knowledge and understanding of the pharmacogenetic basis for poor clopidogrel responsiveness in patients undergoing CAS and endovascular interventions as well as to explore usefulness of genotyping to reduce the rate of procedure-related thrombosis that results in ischemic complications. METHOD: A literature search for pharmacogenetic studies in cerebral endovascular interventions and CAS was conducted on three databases using a list of the most relevant pharmacogenetic biomarkers. RESULTS: The review included 7 papers involving 3 genetic polymorphisms on CYP2C19 and 442 subjects. Patients harboring at least one loss-of-function CYP2C19 polymorphism (e.g., CYP2C19*2 and *3) are at an increased risk of thromboembolic complications such as stent thrombosis following neurointerventional procedures. Notably, patients who carry the gain-of-function CYP2C19*17 allele may have increased risk of ischemic events following endovascular treatment, independent of clopidogrel responsiveness. CONCLUSION: Studies assessing the influence of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on high on-treatment platelet reactivity in CAS and cerebrovascular disease patients are still limited and need further validation in large multicenter studies. This review covers an important topic in the field of antiplatelet therapy for cerebral endovascular procedures and CAS.
Comparison of Dual Antiplatelet Therapies for Minor, Nondisabling, Acute Ischemic Stroke: A Bayesian Network Meta-Analysis.$$$ IMPORTANCE: Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) appears to be an effective treatment option for minor (nondisabling) acute ischemic stroke. This conclusion is based on trials that include both transient ischemic attack (TIA) and minor stroke; however, these 2 conditions may differ. OBJECTIVE: To compare DAPT regimens specifically for minor stroke. DATA SOURCES: PubMed was searched for randomized clinical trials published up to November 4, 2023. Search terms strategy included TIA, transient ischemic attack, minor stroke, or moderate stroke, with the filter randomized controlled trial. Unpublished data on minor stroke were sourced from authors and/or institutions. STUDY SELECTION: Trials testing DAPT within the first 24 hours of a minor stroke (defined as a National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score ≤5) were included by consensus. Of 1508 studies screened, 6 (0.3%) initially met inclusion criteria and were reviewed. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: The study was performed according to Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines by multiple observers. Bayesian fixed-effect network meta-analysis was conducted. Secondary analysis performed for high-risk TIA alone. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Treatments were ranked using a probability measure called surface under the cumulative rank curve (SUCRA). The primary outcome was subsequent ischemic stroke at 90 days. Secondary outcomes included major hemorrhage, mortality, and hemorrhagic stroke. The number needed to treat (NNT) and number needed to harm (NNH) were obtained. RESULTS: Five trials were included that described 28 148 patients, of whom 22 203 (78.9%) had a minor stroke. Of these, 13 995 (63.0%) were in DAPT groups and 8208 (37.0%) in aspirin (acetylsalicylic acid) groups. Aspirin and ticagrelor had a 94% probability of being the superior treatment for minor stroke (SUCRA, 0.94) for the primary outcome. Both aspirin and ticagrelor (NNT, 40; 95% CI, 31-64) and aspirin and clopidogrel (NNT, 58; 95% CI, 39-136) were superior to aspirin alone in the prevention of recurrent ischemic stroke at 90 days. Both treatments had higher rates of major hemorrhage than aspirin alone (NNH for aspirin and ticagrelor, 284; 95% CI, 108-1715 vs NNH for aspirin and clopidogrel, 330; 95% CI, 118-3430), but neither had increased risk of hemorrhagic stroke or death. For high-risk TIA, ticagrelor and aspirin had a 60% probability (SUCRA, 0.60) and clopidogrel and aspirin had a 40% probability (SUCRA 0.40) of being a superior treatment; neither was optimum, but both were superior to aspirin alone for the primary outcome. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: These findings suggest that DAPT with aspirin and ticagrelor has higher probability of being the superior treatment among patients with minor stroke when presence of CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles has not been excluded. For patients with TIA, the superiority of aspirin and ticagrelor vs aspirin and clopidogrel was not demonstrated. FAU - Lim, Andy
Practical experience with ticagrelor: an Australian and New Zealand perspective.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Ticagrelor is recommended in local and international guidelines as first-line therapy in combination with aspirin in patients presenting with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). The purpose of this article is to provide practical guidance regarding the use of ticagrelor in this setting. METHODS AND RESULTS: Ticagrelor, a direct-acting, reversible P2Y12 receptor antagonist, has a faster onset, and a more potent and predictable antiplatelet effect compared with clopidogrel. The authors recommend considering the use of ticagrelor in moderate-to-high risk ACS patients treated with an invasive approach and those managed non-invasively who have elevated troponin levels. Consistent with outcomes observed in the PLATO trial overall, ticagrelor was superior to clopidogrel treatment in patients with chronic kidney disease, a history of stroke or transient ischemic attack, the elderly, and patients requiring surgical revascularization. CONCLUSIONS: When switching from clopidogrel to ticagrelor, patients established on clopidogrel therapy can be switched directly without loading; patients not loaded with clopidogrel and not taking maintenance dose clopidogrel for at least 5 days should first be loaded with ticagrelor. Guidelines recommend discontinuing ticagrelor 5 days before surgery if antiplatelet effects are not desired and recommencing therapy as soon as safe following surgery. Ticagrelor should be avoided in individuals with a history of intracranial hemorrhage, moderate-to-severe hepatic impairment, high bleeding risk, within 24 hours of thrombolytic therapy, and in those treated with oral anticoagulants. Local, real-world experience suggests low bleeding rates with ticagrelor therapy. Dyspnoea is a common symptom in patients with ACS and is also a side-effect of ticagrelor therapy. Discontinuation of ticagrelor due to dyspnoea has been uncommon in clinical trials. However, local registry data suggest higher discontinuation rates (2-9%) related to dyspnoea in the real-world setting, indicating that clinicians may need to consider other potential causes of dyspnoea before discontinuing ticagrelor. FAU - Harding, Scott A
Bleeding Risk of Dual Antiplatelet Therapy after Minor Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to identify the risk of bleeding events and potential risk factors within 90 days in patients who carried CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles and received dual antiplatelet therapy after minor stroke or transient ischemic attack. METHODS: A total of 6,412 patients were enrolled from the CHANCE-2 (Clopidogrel with Aspirin in High-Risk Patients with Acute Non-disabling Cerebrovascular Events II) trial. The main outcome was any bleeding within 90 days defined by the criteria from GUSTO (Global Utilization of Streptokinase and Tissue Plasminogen Activator for Occluded Coronary Arteries). RESULTS: A total of 250 (3.9%) bleeding events were reported, which occurred mainly within the 21 days of dual antiplatelet therapy (200 cases, 3.1%). Minor bleeding of the skin bruises, epistaxis, and gum bleeding were most frequent. Multivariate analysis showed that treatment with ticagrelor-aspirin compared with clopidogrel-aspirin was associated with increased bleeding (hazard ratio [HR] = 2.21, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.68-2.89, p < 0.001). Current smoking was associated with a lower risk of bleeding (HR = 0.70, 95% CI = 0.52-0.95, p = 0.02). Additionally, ticagrelor-aspirin compared with clopidogrel-aspirin was associated with higher risk of bleeding in patients aged <65 years (HR = 2.87, 95% CI = 1.95-4.22) and those without diabetes mellitus (HR = 2.65, 95% CI = 1.88-3.73; p for interaction = 0.04 and 0.03, respectively). INTERPRETATION: Bleeding events mostly occurred within the 21-day dual antiplatelet therapy stage and were generally mild. The risk of bleeding was greater in nonsmoking patients, and was associated with treatment with ticagrelor-aspirin compared with clopidogrel-aspirin, particularly in patients aged <65 years and nondiabetic patients. ANN NEUROL 2022;91:380-388.
Clopidogrel and ticlopidine: P2Y12 adenosine diphosphate-receptor antagonists for the prevention of atherothrombosis.$$$ Ticlopidine and clopidogrel belong to the same chemical family of thienopyridine adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-receptor antagonists. They have shown their efficacy as platelet antiaggregant and antithrombotic agents in many animal models, both ex vivo and in vivo. Although ticlopidine was discovered more than 30 years ago, it was only recently that the mechanism of action of ADP-receptor antagonists was characterized in detail. Ticlopidine and clopidogrel both behave in vivo as specific antagonists of P2Y (12), one of the ADP receptors on platelets. Metabolic steps that involve cytochrome P450-dependent pathways are required to generate the active metabolite responsible for this in vivo activity. The active moiety is a reactive thiol derivative that targets P2Y (12) on platelets. The interaction is irreversible, accounting for the observation that platelets are definitely antiaggregated, even if no active metabolite is detectable in plasma. The interaction is specific for P2Y (12); other purinoceptors such as P2Y (1) and P2Y (13) are spared. This results in inhibition of the binding of the P2Y (12) agonist 2-methylthio-ADP and the ADP-induced downregulation of adenylyl cyclase. Platelet aggregation is affected not only when triggered by ADP but also by aggregation inducers when used at concentrations requiring released ADP as an amplifier. The efficacy and safety of clopidogrel has been established in several large, randomized, controlled trials. The clopidogrel versus aspirin in patients at risk of ischaemic events (CAPRIE) trial demonstrated the superiority of clopidogrel over acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) in patients at risk of ischemic events, including ischemic stroke, myocardial infarction (MI), and peripheral arterial disease. The clopidogrel in unstable angina to prevent recurrent ischemic events (CURE) trial showed a sustained, incremental benefit when clopidogrel was added to standard therapy (including ASA) in patients with unstable angina and non-Q-wave MI. The clopidogrel for the reduction of events during observation (CREDO) trial demonstrated the benefit of continuing clopidogrel (plus ASA) for 12 months, as opposed to 1 month, after percutaneous coronary intervention. The proven efficacy of clopidogrel, coupled with its favorable safety and tolerability profile, has prompted its evaluation in an extensive, ongoing clinical trial program that will help to further characterize the benefit of clopidogrel in patients with a range of atherothrombotic profiles. FAU - Savi, Pierre
P2Y12 Reaction Units and Clinical Outcomes in Acute Large Artery Atherosclerotic Stroke: A Multicenter Prospective Study.$$$ AIMS: We aimed to determine the association between acute platelet reactivity and clinical outcome in acute ischemic stroke (AIS) or transient ischemic attack (TIA) with large-artery atherosclerosis (LAA). METHODS: In this prospective, 16-multicenter study, we enrolled AIS/TIA patients with LAA receiving clopidogrel. We assessed the association of P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) 24 hours after initiation of antiplatelets with the CYP2C19 genotype and recurrent ischemic stroke within 90 days, and the difference between acute (≤ 7 days) and subacute (8-90 days) phases. RESULTS: Among the 230 AIS/TIA patients enrolled, 225 with complete outcome data and 194 with genetic results were analyzed. A higher PRU was significantly associated with recurrent ischemic stroke within 90 days (frequency, 16%), and within 7 days (10%). Twenty-nine patients (15%) belonged to a CYP2C19 poor metabolizer group (CYP2C19(＊)2/(＊)2, (＊)2/(＊)3, or (＊)3/(＊)3). Multivariable receiver-operating characteristic analysis showed a greater area-under-the-curve (AUC) in predicting recurrence within 7 days, compared to 8-90 days (AUC, 0.79 versus 0.64; p=0.07), with a cut-off PRU of 254. Multivariable analysis showed high PRU (≥ 254), which had a comparable predictive performance for recurrent ischemic stroke within 7 days (odds ratio, 6.82; 95% CI, 2.23-20.9; p＜0.001) to the CYP2C19 poor metabolizer genotype. The net reclassification improvement, calculated by adding high PRU (≥ 254) to a model including the CYP2C19 poor metabolizer genotype in the prediction of recurrence within 7 days, was 0.83 (p＜0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Acute PRU evaluation possesses predictive value for recurrent ischemic stroke, especially within 7 days in AIS/TIA with LAA. FAU - Fukuma, Kazuki
Structure, Pharmacology and Roles in Physiology of the P2Y(12) Receptor.$$$ P2Y receptors are G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) for extracellular nucleotides. The platelet ADP-receptor which has been denominated P2Y(12) receptor is an important target in pharmacotherapy. The receptor couples to G(αi2) mediating an inhibition of cyclic AMP accumulation and additional downstream events including the activation of phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase and Rap1b proteins. The nucleoside analogue ticagrelor and active metabolites of the thienopyridine compounds ticlopidine, clopidogrel and prasugrel block P2Y(12) receptors and, thereby, inhibit ADP-induced platelet aggregation. These drugs are used for the prevention and therapy of cardiovascular events such as acute coronary syndromes or stroke. The recently published three-dimensional crystal structures of the human P2Y(12) receptor in complex with agonists and antagonists will facilitate the development of novel therapeutic agents with reduced adverse effects. P2Y(12) receptors are also expressed on vascular smooth muscle cells and may be involved in the pathophysiology of atherogenesis. P2Y(12) receptors on microglial cells operate as sensors for adenine nucleotides released during brain injury. A recent study indicated the involvement of microglial P2Y(12) receptors in the activity-dependent neuronal plasticity. Interestingly, there is evidence for changes in P2Y(12) receptor expression in CNS pathologies including Alzheimer's diseases and multiple sclerosis. P2Y(12) receptors may also be involved in systemic immune modulating responses and the susceptibility to develop bronchial asthma. FAU - von Kügelgen, Ivar
F2R Polymorphisms and Clopidogrel Efficacy and Safety in Patients With Minor Stroke or TIA.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between protease-activated receptor-1 (PAR-1) gene F2R polymorphisms and efficacy of clopidogrel for minor stroke or TIA. METHODS: Three single nucleotide polymorphisms (CYP2C19*2 [681G>A, rs4244285], CYP2C19*3 [636G>A, rs4986893], and F2R [IVSn-14 A/T, rs168753]) were genotyped among 2,924 patients randomized to clopidogrel plus aspirin (n = 1,461) or aspirin alone (n = 1,463). The primary efficacy outcome was new stroke (ischemic or hemorrhagic) and the safety outcome was any bleeding. RESULTS: Overall, 859 (29.4%) were AA homozygotes, 1,479 (50.6%) were AT heterozygotes, and 586 (20.0%) were TT homozygotes for F2R IVSn-14 polymorphisms; 1,716 (58.7%) were carriers of at least 1 CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele (*2 or *3). Compared with aspirin alone, patients with clopidogrel-aspirin treatment had a low risk of new stroke in patients with AT genotype (7.6% vs 11.3%; hazard ratio [HR], 0.63; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.44-0.89) and TT genotype (5.8% vs 11.6%; HR, 0.46; 95% CI, 0.25-0.82) but not in carriers of the AA genotype (10.8% vs 11.6%; HR, 0.95; 95% CI, 0.63-1.44) (p = 0.03 for interaction). The association between F2R IVSn-14 A/T polymorphism and clopidogrel response was present regardless of the carrier status of the CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles. The F2R IVSn-14 genotypes were not associated with the risk of any bleeding for clopidogrel-aspirin treatment (p = 0.66 for interaction). CONCLUSIONS: Among patients with minor ischemic stroke or TIA who were receiving clopidogrel and aspirin, those carrying the F2R IVSn-14 T allele had a lower rate of recurrent stroke than those who were not. CLINICALTRIALSGOV IDENTIFIER: NCT00979589.
A Review of Analytical Methods for the determination of Clopidogrel in Pharmaceuticals and Biological Matrices.$$$ P2Y12 belongs to a group of G protein-coupled (GPCR) purinergic receptors and is a receptor for adenosine diphosphate (ADP). The P2Y12 receptor is involved in platelet aggregation and acts as a biological target for treating thromboembolisms and other clotting disorders. The use of Clopidogrel (CLO) has improved the morbidity and mortality endpoints including cardiovascular death, recurrent myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke at 30 days after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). CLO is one such drug that specifically and irreversibly inhibits the P2Y12 subtype of ADP receptor. This review delivers a detail description of various analytical methods published for the estimation of CLO and its combinations in pharmaceuticals and biological matrices. The review highlights the basic as well as advanced techniques performed for estimating CLO. The most commonly used assay techniques were UV and Visible spectrophotometry, high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC), high performance thin layer chromatography (HPTLC), micellar liquid chromatography (MLC), micellar electro kinetic chromatography (MEKC) and liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS). Despite other analytical methods employed for the assay of CLO, the review reveals that the technique of HPLC with UV detection was widely used. FAU - J, Kavitha
Genetic Polymorphisms and Clopidogrel Efficacy for Acute Ischemic Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: The association of genetic polymorphisms and clopidogrel efficacy in patients with ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA) remains controversial. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to assess the association between genetic polymorphisms, especially CYP2C19 genotype, and clopidogrel efficacy for ischemic stroke or TIA. METHODS: We conducted a comprehensive search of PubMed and EMBASE from their inceptions to June 24, 2016. Studies that reported clopidogrel-treated patients with stroke or TIA and with information on genetic polymorphisms were included. The end points were stroke, composite vascular events, and any bleeding. RESULTS: Among 15 studies of 4762 patients with stroke or TIA treated with clopidogrel, carriers of CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles (*2, *3, and *8) were at increased risk of stroke in comparison with noncarriers (12.0% versus 5.8%; risk ratio, 1.92, 95% confidence interval, 1.57-2.35; P<0.001). Composite vascular events were also more frequent in carriers of CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles than in noncarriers (13.7% versus 9.4%; risk ratio, 1.51, 95% confidence interval, 1.10-2.06; P=0.01), whereas bleeding rates were similar (2.4% versus 3.1%; risk ratio, 0.89, 95% confidence interval, 0.58-1.35; P=0.59). There was no evidence of statistical heterogeneity among the included studies for stroke, but there was for composite vascular events. Genetic variants other than CYP2C19 were not associated with clinical outcomes, with the exception that significant associations of PON1, P2Y12, and COX-1 with outcomes were observed in 1 study. CONCLUSIONS: Carriers of CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles are at greater risk of stroke and composite vascular events than noncarriers among patients with ischemic stroke or TIA treated with clopidogrel.
A new paradigm shift in antithrombotic therapy.$$$ Decades after the introduction of oral anti-coagulants namely the vitamin K antagonist (VKA) Warfarin and antiplatelet agents such as Aspirin and Plavix, new classes of direct, small molecule, novel oral anti-coagulant medications and antiplatelet P2Y12 receptor inhibitors have recently become available. For the novel oral anticoagulants (NOAC), these agents can be separated by direct thrombin inhibitors such as Dabigatran and direct Factor Xa inhibitors such as Rivaroxaban and Apixaban. For next generation antiplatelet agents such as Ticagrelor and Prasugrel, these new P2Y12 receptor inhibitors form the cornerstone of therapy for patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) or undergoing percutaneous interventions. These novel oral antithrombotics are revolutionizing the field of stroke prevention, atrial fibrillation (AF), the management of venous thromboembolism (VTE) and treatment of ACS. This article reviews the current research developed in order to identify therapeutic effects and establish net clinical benefits of these new oral antithrombotics. FAU - Pudusseri, Anita
Clinical Utility of CYP2C19 Genotype-Guided Antiplatelet Therapy in Patients at Risk of Adverse Cardiovascular and Cerebrovascular Events: A Review of Emerging Evidence.$$$ In patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), the standard of care is dual antiplatelet therapy with a P2Y(12) inhibitor (clopidogrel, prasugrel, or ticagrelor) and aspirin. Current clinical practice guidelines now recommend more potent P2Y(12) inhibitors (prasugrel or ticagrelor) over clopidogrel in acute coronary syndrome (ACS). However, clopidogrel remains the most commonly prescribed P2Y(12) inhibitor in the setting of PCI and is also the preferred agent in the treatment and secondary prevention of stroke. Clopidogrel is a prodrug that requires bioactivation by the CYP2C19 enzyme. It has been shown that clopidogrel use in patients who are CYP2C19 no function allele carriers are associated with impaired antiplatelet inhibition and a higher risk of major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events. Compared to clopidogrel, prasugrel and ticagrelor clinical response is not impacted by CYP2C19 genotype. Even with a demonstrated increased risk of adverse outcomes in CYP2C19 no function allele carriers treated with clopidogrel, routine implementation of CYP2C19 genotyping to guide antiplatelet therapy selection has remained controversial and has not been widely adopted. Recent results from multiple prospective randomized and nonrandomized clinical trials investigating the use of CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy following PCI have advanced the evidence base demonstrating the clinical utility of this strategy. Multiple recent studies have examined the effects of CYP2C19 genotype on clopidogrel outcomes in the setting of stroke and neurointerventional procedures. In this review, we discern the clinical utility of using CYP2C19 genotype testing to guide antiplatelet therapy prescribing by evaluating the impact of CYP2C19 genotype-guided selection of antiplatelet therapy on clinical outcomes, summarizing emerging data from cardiovascular and neurology clinical studies, and discussing implications for clinical practice guidelines, remaining knowledge gaps and future research directions.
P2Y receptors in health and disease.$$$ The purine- and pyrimidine-sensitive P2Y receptors belong to the large group of G-protein-coupled receptors that are the target of approximately one-third of the pharmaceutical drugs used in the clinic today. It is therefore not unexpected that the P2Y receptors could be useful targets for drug development. This chapter will discuss P2Y receptor-based therapies currently used, in development and possible future developments. The platelet inhibitors blocking the ADP-receptor P2Y(12) reduce myocardial infarction, stroke, and mortality in patients with cardiovascular disease. Clopidogrel (Plavix) was for many years the second most selling drug in the world. The improved P2Y(12) inhibitors prasugrel, ticagrelor, and elinogrel are now entering the clinic with even more pronounced protective effects. The UTP-activated P2Y(2) receptor stimulates ciliary movement and secretion from epithelial cells. Cystic fibrosis is a monogenetic disease where reduced chloride ion secretion results in a severe lung disease and early death. No specific treatment has been available, but the P2Y(2) agonist Denufosol has been shown to improve lung function and is expected to be introduced as treatment for cystic fibrosis soon. In preclinical studies, there are indications that P2Y receptors can be important for diabetes, osteoporosis, cardiovascular, and atherosclerotic disease. In conclusion, P2Y receptors are important for the health of humans for many diseases, and we can expect even more beneficial drugs targeting P2Y receptors in the future.
CYP2C19 polymorphisms and clopidogrel efficacy in the secondary prevention of ischemic stroke: a retrospective observational study.$$$ BACKGROUND: The relationship between cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) polymorphisms and clopidogrel efficacy in patients with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) has been widely studied. However, the relationship between CYP2C19 polymorphisms and the response to clopidogrel in patients treated for ischemic stroke (IS) remains controversial. What's more, few data address the relevance of CYP2C19 polymorphisms in patients taking clopidogrel for secondary prevention of ischemic stroke. This study investigates whether carrying CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles affects the risk of recurrent stroke in IS patients. METHODS: One hundred twenty-two IS patients were CYP2C19 genotype screened and enrolled in the study from January 2016 to December 2017. Those with stroke recurrence, stroke sequelae, or bleeding diseases were excluded. The remaining 89 patients were divided into the following 2 groups: non-carriers of CYP2C19 LOF alleles (n=38) and carriers (n=51) of CYP2C19 LOF alleles. The variables that could influence the rate of recurrent stroke were assessed in a multivariate analysis to determine the independent risk factors. RESULTS: The CYP2C19*2 and *3 alleles frequencies among the 122 patients were 31.97% and 4.10%, respectively. Carriers of LOF alleles had a more significant history of hypertension compared with non-carriers [n=43/51 (86.7%) versus n=23/38 (60.5%), P=0.01]. In addition, the inclusion rate of aspirin in discharge medication was significantly higher for carriers than for non-carriers [n=19/51 (37.3%) versus n=5/38 (13.2%), P=0.01]. CYP2C19 LOF alleles were significantly associated with an increased risk of recurrent stroke [odds ratio (OR): 7.586; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.346-42.770, P=0.022]. CONCLUSIONS: CYP2C19 LOF alleles may increase the risk of recurrent IS. The polymorphisms of CYP2C19 may be predictors of a poor functional outcome in patients with recurrent stroke. Instead of clopidogrel, aspirin can be prescribed as a secondary preventative measure against stroke in carriers of CYP2C19 LOF alleles. FAU - Lin, Juanna
Efficacy and safety analysis of new P2Y12 inhibitors versus clopidogrel in patients with percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: New P2Y12 inhibitors, classified as oral (prasugrel and ticagrelor) and intravenous (cangrelor and elinogrel) drugs, have shown improved antithrombotic effects compared with clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) or patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in landmark trials. The purpose of this study was to perform a meta-analysis of randomized trials that compared new P2Y12 inhibitors with clopidogrel to determine their efficacy and safety in patients undergoing PCI. METHODS: Randomized controlled trials of at least 4 weeks, comparing new P2Y12 inhibitors with clopidogrel in PCI, were identified using the electronic databases Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Medline, PubMed, Web of Science, and Google Scholar from January 1, 1980, to July 31, 2014. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary efficacy endpoints were all-cause death and major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs). The primary safety endpoint was thrombolysis in myocardial infarction (TIMI) major bleeding. RESULTS: Twelve studies including 71,097 patients met the inclusion criteria. New P2Y12 inhibitors significantly reduced all-cause death (odds ratio [OR]: 0.81; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.73-0.90, p < 0.0001), MACEs (OR 0.81; 95% CI 0.73-0.90, p < 0.0001), stent thrombosis (OR 0.58; 95% CI 0.49-0.69, p < 0.00001), myocardial infarctions (OR 0.87; 95% CI 0.76-0.99, p = 0.03) and cardiovascular death (OR 0.82; 95% CI 0.73-0.92, p = 0.001) compared with clopidogrel. There were no significant differences between stroke (OR 0.87; 95% CI 0.72-1.05, p = 0.14) and major bleeding events (OR 1.22; 95% CI 0.99-1.52, p = 0.06) between the new P2Y12 inhibitor and clopidogrel groups. CONCLUSION: New P2Y12 inhibitors decreased death in patients undergoing PCI compared with clopidogrel with a considerable safety and tolerability profile; however, the risk/benefit ratio of ischemic and bleeding events should be further investigated. FAU - Gan, Xue-Dong
Molecular genomic and epigenomic characteristics related to aspirin and clopidogrel resistance.$$$ BACKGROUND: Mediators, genomic and epigenomic characteristics involving in metabolism of arachidonic acid by cyclooxygenase (COX) and lipoxygenase (ALOX) and hepatic activation of clopidogrel have been individually suggested as factors associated with resistance against aspirin and clopidogrel. The present multi-center prospective cohort study evaluated whether the mediators, genomic and epigenomic characteristics participating in arachidonic acid metabolism and clopidogrel activation could be factors that improve the prediction of the aspirin and clopidogrel resistance in addition to cardiovascular risks. METHODS: We enrolled 988 patients with transient ischemic attack and ischemic stroke who were evaluated for a recurrence of ischemic stroke to confirm clinical resistance, and measured aspirin (ARU) and P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) using VerifyNow to assess laboratory resistance 12 weeks after aspirin and clopidogrel administration. We investigated whether mediators, genotypes, and promoter methylation of genes involved in COX and ALOX metabolisms and clopidogrel activation could synergistically improve the prediction of ischemic stroke recurrence and the ARU and PRU levels by integrating to the established cardiovascular risk factors. RESULTS: The logistic model to predict the recurrence used thromboxane A synthase 1 (TXAS1, rs41708) A/A genotype and ALOX12 promoter methylation as independent variables, and, improved sensitivity of recurrence prediction from 3.4% before to 13.8% after adding the mediators, genomic and epigenomic variables to the cardiovascular risks. The linear model we used to predict the ARU level included leukotriene B4, COX2 (rs20417) C/G and thromboxane A2 receptor (rs1131882) A/A genotypes with the addition of COX1 and ALOX15 promoter methylations as variables. The linear PRU prediction model included G/A and prostaglandin I receptor (rs4987262) G/A genotypes, COX2 and TXAS1 promoter methylation, as well as cytochrome P450 2C19*2 (rs4244285) A/A, G/A, and *3 (rs4986893) A/A genotypes as variables. The linear models for predicting ARU (r = 0.291, R(2) = 0.033, p < 0.01) and PRU (r = 0.503, R(2) = 0.210, p < 0.001) levels had improved prediction performance after adding the genomic and epigenomic variables to the cardiovascular risks. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates that different mediators, genomic and epigenomic characteristics of arachidonic acid metabolism and clopidogrel activation synergistically improved the prediction of the aspirin and clopidogrel resistance together with the cardiovascular risk factors. TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: https://www. CLINICALTRIALS: gov ; Unique identifier: NCT03823274.
CYP2C19 polymorphism and antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel in Chinese stroke patients.$$$ Recently published data indicate that CYP2C19*2 allele is the major determinant of metabolic bioactivation of clopidogrel and thereby variability of antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel in white or black patients undergoing elective coronary stent placement. The conclusion may not be fully generalized or extrapolated to the Chinese people due to significantly higher frequencies of the CYP2C19*2 or *3 variant alleles. We sought to investigate whether the CYP2C19*2 or *3 alleles affects platelet reactivity of clopidogrel in Chinese stroke patients. The study included 183 consecutive Chinese stroke patients after loading with clopidogrel 300 mg. Platelet function was assessed by adenosine diphosphate-induced (ADP 20 micromol/L) platelet aggregation and by light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) after seven 75-mg maintenance doses of clopidogrel before discharge. CYP2C19*2 or *3 genotypes were determined by time-of-flight mass spectrometer (MALDI/TOF-MS). In those patients who were carriers of 1 mutant allele (mutant heterozygotes, CYP2C19*1/*2 or *1/*3), ADP-induced maximum platelet aggregation (MPA) were significantly different compared with wild-type homozygous patients [37.2% (IQR, 19.6 to 50.5%) versus 23.6% (IQR, 14.0 to 35.4%), respectively; P=0.002]. In addition, in the patients who were carriers of 2 mutant allele (mutant homozygotes, CYP2C19*2/*2, *2/*3 or *3/*3,), MPA were also significantly different compared with wildtype homozygous patients [35.7% (IQR, 21.0 to 78.1%) versus 23.6% (IQR, 14.0 to 35.4%, respectively; P = 0.039]. By multivariable linear regression, CYP2C19*2 or *3 loss-of-function alleles were independently associated with ADP-induced MPA measurements (partial R2 = 0.138, P = 0.001). CYP2C19*2 or *3 allele does link to increased MPA and clopidogrel response. FAU - Yang, Jie
CYP2C19 genotype and early ischemic lesion recurrence in stroke patients treated with clopidogrel.$$$ BACKGROUND: Early recurrent ischemic lesions detected on diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) have been proposed as a surrogate marker for clinical recurrence. We hypothesized that cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) genotype influences the incidence of early recurrence on DWI in acute stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. METHODS: We enrolled 76 Korean patients with acute ischemic stroke due to large artery atherosclerosis who were treated with clopidogrel. Early ischemic lesion recurrence was defined as new lesions separate from the index lesion. We compared the rates of early ischemic lesion recurrence on DWI based on the CYP2C19 genotypes. RESULTS: Early recurrence on DWI was observed in 36 patients (47.4%). A total of 76 patients were classified into 3 phenotypic groups: extensive metabolizers (EMs; n = 27, 35.5%), intermediate metabolizers (IMs; n = 36, 47.4%), and poor metabolizers (PMs; n = 13, 17.1%). Early recurrence on DWI was more common in PMs (84.6%), followed by IMs (50.0%), and EMs (25.9%; P < .001). PMs had a significantly higher recurrence rate than EMs (P < .001). In multivariate analysis, CYP2C19 genotypes were independently associated with early DWI recurrence (for PMs: odds ratio, 19.3; 95% confidence interval, 3.15-117.56). CONCLUSIONS: CYP2C19 genotypes are significantly associated with early lesion recurrence in Korean acute stroke patients treated with clopidogrel.
Clinical consequences of aspirin and clopidogrel resistance: an overview.$$$ The aim of this review is to introduce the concept of personalized medicine in secondary stroke prevention with antiplatelet medication. In the last years, many studies have been conducted regarding aspirin resistance and genotyping of clopidogrel metabolism. A review of the currently published data on this issue emphasizes the importance of focusing on the individualizing approach in antiplatelet therapy to achieve maximal therapeutic beneficial effect. However, many authors suggest that, before new information from ongoing trials become available, good clinical practice should dictate the use of low dose of aspirin that was shown to be effective in the prevention of stroke and death in patients with ischemic cerebrovascular disease, because higher doses do not have significantly better efficacy than lower doses in secondary stroke prevention, but lower-dose aspirin is associated with less side effects. On the other hand, many factors are associated with clopidogrel resistance, and recent genetic studies showed that the CYP2C19*2 genotype (loss-of-function allele) is related to poor metabolism of clopidogrel, but larger studies are needed to definitively confirm or rule out the clinical significance of this genetic effect. The aim of personalized approach in secondary stroke prevention is to take the most appropriate medicine in the right dose in accordance with the clinical condition of the patient and associated risk factors.
Ischemic and Bleeding Outcomes of Potent P2Y12 Inhibitor Antiplatelet Agents Versus Clopidogrel in Elderly Patients With Acute Coronary Syndrome: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: The role of P2Y12 inhibition in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) has been well described in literature. However, the agent of choice is less clear among elderly patients (>65 years) who are at increased risk of bleeding. This meta-analysis was designed to investigate the efficacy and safety of potent P2Y12 inhibitors vs. clopidogrel in this population. METHODS AND RESULTS: PubMed, Cochrane Central Register of Clinical Trials, EMBASE, and ClinicalTrial.gov (inception through February 25, 2021) were searched for randomized studies comparing potent oral P2Y12 inhibitors to clopidogrel in elderly population presenting with ACS. Study endpoints included major adverse cardiac events (MACE), major bleeding, all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality, myocardial infarction, and stroke. Hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were computed and p<0.05 was considered significant. Eight randomized studies with a total 10,081 patients were included in the final analysis. At mean follow up of 26 months, there were no significant differences between potent oral P2Y12 inhibitors and clopidogrel in MACE (HR 0.97, 95% CI [0.82-1.15]; p=0.73), all-cause mortality (HR 0.91, 95% CI [0.75-1.10]; p=1.00), MI (HR 0.95, 95% CI [0.78-1.17]; p=0.64), and stroke (HR 1.24, 95% CI [0.82-1.86]; p=0.31). However, potent oral P2Y(12) inhibitors were associated with a reduction in cardiovascular mortality (HR 0.82, 95% CI [0.68-0.98]; p=0.03), and an increase in major bleeding events (HR 1.32, 95% CI [1.09-1.59]; p<0.01). CONCLUSION: In comparison with clopidogrel, the use of potent oral P2Y12 inhibitors in elderly patients with ACS, is associated with a reduction in the risk of cardiovascular mortality with increased risk of bleeding events and no significant change in MACE outcomes.
CYP2C19 Genotype-Guided Antiplatelet Therapy After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention in Diverse Clinical Settings.$$$ Background Studies have demonstrated increased risk of major atherothrombotic events in CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) variant carriers versus non-carriers treated with clopidogrel after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). We sought to evaluate real-world outcomes with the clinical implementation of CYP2C19-guided antiplatelet therapy after PCI. Methods and Results Data from 9 medical centers where genotyping was performed in the setting of PCI were included. Alternative therapy with prasugrel or ticagrelor was recommended for patients with a CYP2C19 LOF variant. The primary outcome was the composite of major atherothrombotic events (all-cause death, myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, stent thrombosis, or hospitalization for unstable angina) within 12 months following PCI. Moderate or severe/life-threatening bleeding within 12 months was a secondary outcome. Among 3342 patients, 1032 (31%) were LOF carriers, of whom 571/1032 (55%) were treated with alternative therapy. In LOF carriers, the rate of major atherothrombotic events was lower in patients treated with alternative therapy versus clopidogrel (adjusted HR, 0.56; 95% CI 0.39-0.82). In those without a LOF allele, no difference was observed (adjusted HR, 1.07; 95% CI 0.71-1.60). There was no difference in bleeding with alternative therapy versus clopidogrel in either LOF carriers or those without a LOF allele. Conclusions Real-world data demonstrate lower atherothrombotic risk in CYP2C19 LOF carriers treated with alternative therapy versus clopidogrel and similar risk in those without a LOF allele treated with clopidogrel or alternative therapy. These data suggest that PCI patients treated with clopidogrel should undergo genotyping so that CYP2C19 LOF carriers can be identified and treated with alternative therapy. FAU - Beitelshees, Amber L
Roles of light transmission aggregometry and CYP2C19 genotype in predicting ischaemic complications during interventional therapy for intracranial aneurysms.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Light transmission aggregometry (LTA) and CYP2C19 genotype analysis are commonly used to evaluate the antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel during the interventional treatment of intracranial aneurysms. The aim of this study was to determine which test can predict ischaemic events during these treatments. METHODS: Patient demographic information, imaging data, laboratory data and ischaemic complications were recorded. LTA and CYP2C19 genotype results were compared, and multiple linear regression was performed to examine factors related to platelet reactivity. Multivariate regression analysis was performed to determine whether LTA and CYP2C19 could predict ischaemic complications and to identify other clinical risk factors. Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis was conducted to calculate the cut-off value for predicting ischaemic complications. A subgroup analysis was also performed for different CYP2C19 genotype metabolisers, as well as for patients with flow diverters and traditional stents. RESULTS: A total of 379 patients were included, of which 22 developed ischaemic events. Maximum platelet aggregation induced by ADP (ADP-MPA) could predict ischaemic events (p<0.001; area under the curve, 0.752 (95% CI 0.663 to 0.842)), and its cut-off value was 41.5%. ADP-MPA (p=0.001) and hypertension duration >10 years (p=0.022) were independent risk factors for ischaemic events, while the CYP2C19 genotype was not associated with ischaemic events. In the subgroup analysis, ADP-MPA could predict ischaemic events in fast metabolisers (p=0.004) and intermediate metabolisers (p=0.003). The cut-off value for ischaemic events was lower in patients with flow diverters (ADP-MPA=36.4%) than in patients with traditional stents (ADP-MPA=42.9%). CONCLUSIONS: ADP-MPA can predict ischaemic complications during endovascular treatment of intracranial aneurysms. Patients with flow diverters require stronger antiplatelet medication than patients with traditional stents.
CYP2C19 genotype and platelet aggregation test-guided dual antiplatelet therapy after off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting: A retrospective cohort study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) is recommended in patients undergoing off-pump coronary artery bypass graft surgery (OPCAB). Clopidogrel is less effective among patients with loss-of-function (LoF) of CYP2C19 alleles, while ticagrelor has direct effects on P2Y(12) receptor. Whether a CYP2C19 genotype plus platelet aggregation test (PAgT)-guided DAPT after CABG could improve clinical outcomes remain uncertain. MATERIALS AND METHODS: From August 2019 to December 2020, 1,134 consecutive patients who underwent OPCAB received DAPT for 1 year after surgery in Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine. According to the actual treatment they received in real-world, 382 (33.7%) of them received a traditional DAPT: aspirin 100 mg qd + clopidogrel 75 mg qd, no matter the CYP2C19 genotype and response in platelet aggregation test (PAgT). The other 752 (66.3%) patients received an individual DAPT based on CYP2C19 genotype and PAgT: aspirin 100 mg qd + clopidogrel 75 mg qd if CYP2C19 was extensive metabolizer, or moderate metabolizer but normal response in PAgT; aspirin 100 mg qd + ticagrelor 90 mg bid if CYP2C19 was poor metabolizer, or moderate metabolizer but no or low response in PAgT. One-year follow-up was achieved for all patients. The primary outcome was major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, and stroke. The safety outcome was thrombolysis in myocardial infarction (TIMI) criteria major bleeding. RESULTS: Compared with the traditional DAPT group, the risk of MACE in the individual DAPT group was significantly lower (5.5 vs. 9.2%, HR 0.583; 95% CI, 0.371-0.915; P = 0.019), mainly due to the decreased risk of MI (1.7 vs. 4.2%, HR 0.407; 95% CI, 0.196-0.846; P = 0.016). The risk of TIMI major bleeding events was similar between the two groups (5.3 vs. 6.0%, RR 0.883; 95% CI, 0.537-1.453; P = 0.626). CONCLUSION: For patients who underwent OPCAB, individual DAPT (CYP2C19 genotype plus PAgT-guided strategy) was associated with a lower risk of MACE and a similar risk of major bleeding.
Ischemic stroke and myocardial ischemia in clopidogrel users and the association with CYP2C19 loss-of-function homozygocity: a real-world study.$$$ Reduced clopidogrel effectiveness in preventing recurrent myocardial ischemia following percutaneous coronary intervention has been demonstrated in CYP2C19 loss-of-function carriers. Less is known about the effect of CYP2C19 genotype on the effectiveness of clopidogrel for stroke prevention, particularly in Caucasians. This is a retrospective cohort study, in which we used the Clalit clinical database to follow genotyped clopidogrel initiators, for up to 3 years. Endpoint was a new primary discharge diagnosis of ischemic stroke; secondary endpoints were new primary discharge diagnoses of coronary angioplasty, myocardial infarction (MI), or a composite endpoint of: stroke, MI, or coronary angioplasty. After 3 years of follow up over 628 clopidogrel initiators, 2 out of 12 (16.7%) poor metabolizers, 9 out of 144 intermediate metabolizers (6.3%), and 29 out of 472 (6.1%) normal/rapid/ultrarapid metabolizers have been newly diagnosed with ischemic stroke. Poor metabolizer status was associated with higher risk for ischemic stroke, marginally significant in univariate analysis and in multivariable models; and higher risk for the composite outcome of stroke, myocardial infarction and coronary angioplasty, HR = 3.32 (1.35-8.17) p = 0.009, 2.86 (1.16-7.06) p = 0.02 (univariate and multivariate analyses, respectively). Poor metabolizer status was associated with higher risk for stroke HR = 5.80 (1.33-25.24) p = 0.019, HR = 4.13 (0.94-18.13) p = 0.06 (univariate and multivariate analyses, respectively) in patients who "survived" the first year, and were in the cohort 1-3 years. Caucasian treated with clopidogrel who are homozygote for the CYP2C19 loss-of function allele might be at increased risk for ischemic stroke, and for the composite outcome of ischemic stroke, myocardial infarction and coronary angioplasty. FAU - Gronich, Naomi
Differential effect of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel by homocysteine levels on risk of recurrent stroke: a post hoc analysis of the CHANCE-2 trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Elevated homocysteine levels are associated with increased blood coagulation and platelet activity and may modulate the response to antiplatelet therapies. We aimed to investigate the effects of homocysteine levels on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) versus clopidogrel-ASA among patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack who carried CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles. METHODS: We conducted a post hoc analysis of the CHANCE-2 (The Clopidogrel in High-risk Patients with Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events-II) trial. Participants were randomly assigned to treatment with ticagrelor-ASA or clopidogrel-ASA. We categorized participants into groups with elevated and non-elevated homocysteine levels, based on the median level. The primary efficacy outcome was recurrent stroke within 90-day follow-up. The primary safety outcome was severe or moderate bleeding within 90 days. RESULTS: A total of 2740 participants were randomly assigned to receive ticagrelor-ASA and 2700 to receive clopidogrel-ASA. Use of ticagrelor-ASA was associated with a reduced risk of recurrent stroke among participants with elevated homocysteine levels (74 [5.3%] v. 119 [8.5%]; hazard ratio [HR] 0.60, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.45-0.81), but not among those with non-elevated levels (86 [6.4%] v. 87 [6.7%]; HR 0.97, 95% CI 0.71-1.32; p = 0.04 for interaction). When analyzed as a continuous variable, the benefits of ticagrelor-ASA with regard to recurrent stroke increased as homocysteine levels increased (p = 0.04 for interaction). No significant interaction between homocysteine levels and treatment with regard to severe or moderate bleeding was observed (p = 0.7 for interaction). We found a significant interaction between homocysteine levels and therapy with regard to recurrent stroke in females (p = 0.04 for interaction) but not males. INTERPRETATION: In comparison with clopidogrel-ASA, ticagrelor-ASA conferred more benefit to patients with elevated homocysteine levels, particularly to female patients, in this secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial involving patients with minor ischemic stroke or TIA. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, no. NCT04078737.
CYP2C19 Loss-of-Function Associated with First-Time Ischemic Stroke in Non-surgical Asymptomatic Carotid Artery Stenosis During Clopidogrel Therapy.$$$ This study measures effect of CYP2C19 genotype on ischemic stroke risk during clopidogrel therapy for asymptomatic, extracranial carotid stenosis patients. Using deidentified electronic health records, patients were selected for retrospective cohort using administrative code for carotid stenosis, availability of CYP2C19 genotype result, clopidogrel exposure, and established patient care. Patients with intracranial atherosclerosis, aneurysm, arteriovenous malformation, prior ischemic stroke, or observation time <1 month were excluded. Dual antiplatelet therapy patients were included. Patients with carotid endarterectomy or stenting were analyzed in a separate subgroup. Time-to-event analysis using Cox regression was conducted to model ischemic stroke events based on CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele and adjusted with the most predictive covariates from univariate analysis. Covariates included age, gender, race, length of aspirin, length of concurrent antiplatelet/anticoagulant treatment, diabetes, coagulopathy, hypertension, heart disease, atrial fibrillation, and lipid disorder. A total of 1110 patients met selection criteria for medical therapy cohort (median age 68 [interquartile range (IQR) 60-75] years, 64.9% male, 91.9% Caucasian). Median study period was 2.8 [0.8-5.3] years. A total of 47 patients (4.2%) had an ischemic stroke event during study period. CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele was strongly associated with ischemic stroke events (one allele: HR 2.3, 95% CI 1.1-4.7, p=0.020; two alleles: HR 10.2, 95% CI 2.8-36.8, p<0.001) after adjustment. For asymptomatic carotid stenosis patients receiving clopidogrel to prevent ischemic stroke, CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele is associated with 2- to 10-fold increased risk of ischemic stroke. CYP2C19 genotype may be considered when selecting antiplatelet therapy for stroke prophylaxis in non-procedural, asymptomatic carotid stenosis.
Influence of CYP450 Enzymes and ABCB1 Polymorphisms on Clopidogrel Response in Moroccan Patients with Acute Coronary Syndromes.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet prodrug primarily prescribed to prevent or treat acute coronary syndrome (ACS) or acute ischemic stroke (IS), polymorphisms of genes encoding cytochrome P-450 (CYP) and P-glycoprotein transporter, could affect the efficiency of clopidogrel absorption and biotransformation, especially during the first critical hours following its administration. METHODS: The present study was designed to investigate the potential association of clopidogrel responsiveness and 14 polymorphisms in the genes encoding the CYPs (CYP2C9, 2C19, 3A4, 3A5, 1A2, and 2B6), the ATP binding cassette subfamily B member 1 (ABCB1). Platelet aggregation activity was measured after 8h of 300mg clopidogrel administration for fifty-five ACS patients. RESULTS: There was no significant association between polymorphism of the studied CYPs and clopidogrel responsiveness (P>0.05). The frequency of the ABCB1 3435 T allele in clopidogrel non-responders was higher (78.9%) compared to responders (52.8%), but this difference was not significant (P=0.057). Demographic characteristics, comorbidities, concomitant treatments were not associated with clopidogrel response. DISCUSSION: There was no effect of the studied genetic variations and demographic factors on the platelet activity of clopidogrel in Moroccan ACS patients.
The association of CYP2C19 LoF alleles with adverse clinical outcomes in stroke patients taking clopidogrel: An updated meta-analysis.$$$ The aggregated risk of recurrent stroke in stroke/transient ischemic attack (TIA) patients carrying CYP2C19 LoF alleles who take clopidogrel has not been investigated recently, and the available research is limited. This study aimed to perform an updated meta-analysis to assess the association between CYP2C19 LoF alleles and the risk of recurrent stroke in patients taking clopidogrel. Databases were searched for the literature on eligible studies. The end points were recurrent stroke, composite vascular events, and bleeding events. Odds ratios (ORs) were calculated using RevMan software, where p < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Patients carrying CYP2C19 LoF alleles who were treated with clopidogrel had a significantly increased risk of recurrent ischemic stroke compared with non-carriers (OR 2.18, 96% CI 1.80-2.63; p < 0.00001). The risk of recurrent stroke was only significantly different in Asian patients (OR 2.29, 96% CI 1.88-2.80; p < 0.00001) but not in patients of other ethnicities; however, there were a limited number of studies in other ethnic groups. Both observational studies (OR 2.83, 96% CI 2.20-3.65; p < 0.00001) and RCTs (OR 1.48, 96% CI 1.10-1.98; p = 0.009) found associations with a significantly increased risk of recurrent ischemic stroke. Asian stroke patients or TIA patients carrying CYP2C19 LoF alleles and taking clopidogrel were at a significantly higher risk of recurrent ischemic stroke than non-carriers. Significantly increased risk of recurrent ischemic stroke was found in both observational studies and RCTs.
Cost-effectiveness of testing for CYP2C19 loss-of-function carriers following transient ischemic attack/minor stroke: A Canadian perspective.$$$ BACKGROUND: The CHANCE-2 study compared 3 weeks of aspirin-ticagrelor to aspirin-clopidogrel in CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) allele carriers following a transient ischemic attack (TIA)/minor stroke and demonstrated a modestly lower risk of stroke recurrence with aspirin-ticagrelor. This stroke protection was largely for minor stroke and came at an increased risk of bleeding. The cost-effectiveness of implementing testing for LOF allele status to personalize antiplatelet regimen for secondary stroke prevention after a TIA/minor stroke in the Canadian health care context is unknown. METHODS: Cost-effectiveness analysis using a decision-analytic Markov cohort model with a lifetime horizon was performed to determine the costs and health benefits of testing for LOF allele status compared with no testing (current standard of care). The population of interest was patients living in Canada who suffered a TIA/minor stroke. Outcomes of interest were life-years gained (LYG), quality-adjusted life years (QALY) gained, costs (reported in 2022 Canadian dollars), and the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER). We adopted the perspective of the Federal, Provincial, and Territorial Ministries of Health and used a 1.5% annual discount rate. Sensitivity analyses were performed to assess uncertainty. RESULTS: Compared to standard of care, LOF allele testing leads to 0.14 LYG (undiscounted), 0.12 QALYs gained (undiscounted), and additional lifetime costs of CAD$432 (discounted) per patient. The ICER of the LOF allele testing strategy is CAD$4310 per QALY gained compared with standard of care. The probabilistic sensitivity analyses demonstrated that LOF allele testing was cost-effective in more than 99.99% of simulations using a willingness-to-pay threshold of CAD$50,000 per QALY. CONCLUSION: Based on available evidence, testing for LOF allele followed by short duration 3 weeks of aspirin-ticagrelor compared to standard-of-care aspirin-clopidogrel can lead to prolonged life and improved quality of life and can be considered very cost-effective when compared with other well-accepted technologies in health and medicine. FAU - Micieli, Andrew
Analysis of CYP2C19 gene polymorphism and influencing factors of pharmacological response of clopidogrel in patients with cerebral infarction in Zhejiang, China.$$$ BACKGROUND: Certain genetic and non-genetic factors may cause damaged platelet inhibition by clopidogrel. We aimed to determine the effect of cytochrome P4502C19 (CYP2C19) polymorphism, along with other clinical factors, on the platelet response to clopidogrel in patients with acute ischemic stroke (AIS). METHODS: A total of 214 patients with AIS receiving clopidogrel at a maintenance dose of 75 mg daily admitted to the Ningbo First Hospital between 1 January 2020, and 31 December 2021, were enrolled. Platelet aggregation analysis was performed to determine clopidogrel resistance. Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (QRT-PCR) was used to determine CYP2C19 genotype. Other laboratory data on complete blood count and biochemical parameters were taken from patient medical files. RESULTS: Among the 214 AIS patients treated with clopidogrel in the Ningbo population, the incidence of clopidogrel resistance was approximately 43.9%, and the distribution of CYP2C19 genotypes was highest for CYP2C19(*1/*2) (43.0%), followed by CYP2C19 (*1/*1) (38.8%). The distribution of alleles *1, *2, *3, and *17 was 62.1, 32.5, 4.9, and 0.5%, respectively. A chi-squared test showed that the gene frequencies of alleles *2 and *3 were significantly higher in the clopidogrel-resistant group than in the clopidogrel-sensitive group (p < 0.001), and a Mann-Whitney U-test showed that high HCY levels were significantly correlated with clopidogrel resistance (p < 0.001). Multi-factor logistic regression analysis demonstrated that mutant heterozygous genotype [OR 2.893; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.456-5.748; p = 0.002], mutant homozygous genotype (OR 4.741; 95% CI 1.828-12.298; p = 0.001), and high HCY levels (OR 1.209; 95% CI 1.072-1.362; p = 0.002) were significantly associated with clopidogrel resistance. CONCLUSION: According to our results, carrying the CYP2C19*2/*3 allele and high HCY levels are independent risk factors for clopidogrel resistance after clopidogrel therapy in patients with AIS. These two factors should be considered prior to clopidogrel administration.
No rebound effect after a course of clopidogrel in patients with acute TIA or minor stroke.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Previous studies demonstrated that discontinuation of clopidogrel in patients after ACS was associated with a rebound increase in risk of recurrent events. In this study, we aimed to investigate the rebound effect after discontinuation of clopidogrel therapy in patients with TIA or stroke. METHODS: All patients with minor stroke or TIA were recruited from the Clopidogrel in High-Risk Patients With Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events (CHANCE) trial. Patients were divided into two groups: patients who discontinued clopidogrel and switched to aspirin therapy   (Clopidogrel Discontinuation Group) and patients who continued one mono-antiplatelet therapy (non-Clopidogrel Discontinuation Group) during 90-180  days. The outcomes included risks of recurrent ischemic stroke, recurrent TIA, and composite events during 90-180  days. The prevalence of each outcome was compared between two groups for every 30 days. Further subgroup analysis was conducted in patients with and without CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles. RESULTS: Among the 3456 patients included, a total of 10 patients in the Clopidogrel Discontinuation Group and 11 patients in the non-Clopidogrel Discontinuation Group presented ischemic stroke recurrence during the 90-180-day period. The inter-group comparisons were not significant in each 30 days. Similar results were found for recurrent stroke, recurrent TIA, and composite events in these two groups, which were also found in CYP2C19 subgroup analysis. CONCLUSIONS: No rebound increase in the risk of ischemic stroke and composite events was found during the 90 days after discontinuation of clopidogrel therapy in patients with TIA or minor stroke in the CHANCE trial. TRIAL REGISTRATION: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00979589. FAU - Zhang, Xinmiao
Genome-wide and candidate gene approaches of clopidogrel efficacy using pharmacodynamic and clinical end points-Rationale and design of the International Clopidogrel Pharmacogenomics Consortium (ICPC).$$$ RATIONALE: The P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor clopidogrel is widely used in patients with acute coronary syndrome, percutaneous coronary intervention, or ischemic stroke. Platelet inhibition by clopidogrel shows wide interpatient variability, and high on-treatment platelet reactivity is a risk factor for atherothrombotic events, particularly in high-risk populations. CYP2C19 polymorphism plays an important role in this variability, but heritability estimates suggest that additional genetic variants remain unidentified. The aim of the International Clopidogrel Pharmacogenomics Consortium (ICPC) is to identify genetic determinants of clopidogrel pharmacodynamics and clinical response. STUDY DESIGN: Based on the data published on www.clinicaltrials.gov, clopidogrel intervention studies containing genetic and platelet function data were identified for participation. Lead investigators were invited to share DNA samples, platelet function test results, patient characteristics, and cardiovascular outcomes to perform candidate gene and genome-wide studies. RESULTS: In total, 17 study sites from 13 countries participate in the ICPC, contributing individual patient data from 8,829 patients. Available adenosine diphosphate-stimulated platelet function tests included vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein assay, light transmittance aggregometry, and the VerifyNow P2Y(12) assay. A proof-of-principle analysis based on genotype data provided by each group showed a strong and consistent association between CYP2C19*2 and platelet reactivity (P value=5.1 × 10(-40)). CONCLUSION: The ICPC aims to identify new loci influencing clopidogrel efficacy by using state-of-the-art genetic approaches in a large cohort of clopidogrel-treated patients to better understand the genetic basis of on-treatment response variability.
CYP2C19 genotype-guided antithrombotic treatment versus conventional clopidogrel therapy in peripheral arterial disease: study design of a randomized controlled trial (GENPAD).$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel is recommended in international guidelines to prevent arterial thrombotic events in patients with peripheral arterial disease (PAD). Clopidogrel itself is inactive and metabolism is dependent on the CYP2C19 enzyme. About 30% of Caucasian PAD patients receiving clopidogrel carry 1 or 2 CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele(s) and do not or to a limited extent convert the prodrug into its active metabolite. As a result, platelet inhibition may be inadequate which could lead to an increased risk of adverse clinical events related to arterial thrombosis. A CYP2C19 genotype-guided antithrombotic treatment might be beneficial for PAD patients. METHODS: GENPAD is a multicenter randomized controlled trial involving 2,276 PAD patients with an indication for clopidogrel monotherapy. Patients with a separate indication for dual antiplatelet therapy or stronger antithrombotic therapy are not eligible for study participation. Patients randomized to the control group will receive clopidogrel 75 mg once daily without pharmacogenetic guidance. Patients randomized to the intervention group will be tested for carriage of CYP2C19 *2 and *3 loss-of-function alleles, followed by a genotype-guided antithrombotic treatment with either clopidogrel 75 mg once daily for normal metabolizers, clopidogrel 150 mg once daily for intermediate metabolizers, or acetylsalicylic acid 80 mg once daily plus rivaroxaban 2.5 mg twice daily for poor metabolizers. The primary outcome is a composite of myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, cardiovascular death, acute or chronic limb ischemia, peripheral vascular interventions, or death. The secondary outcomes are the individual elements of the primary composite outcome and clinically relevant bleeding complications. CONCLUSION: The aim of the GENPAD study is to evaluate the efficacy, safety, and cost-effectiveness of a genotype-guided antithrombotic treatment strategy compared to conventional clopidogrel treatment in PAD patients.
The Association between CYP2C19 Genetic Polymorphism and Prognosis in Patients Receiving Endovascular Therapy.$$$ BACKGROUND: Potentially substantial impacts on the prognosis have been observed in individuals undergoing endovascular treatment due to cytochrome P450 2c19 (CYP2C19) polymorphism. In an attempt to improve prognosis and lower the recurrence rate, this study investigated the CYP2C19 polymorphism in acute ischemic stroke patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective analysis was performed on 292 patients with cerebral infarction who had acute endovascular recanalization at the Department of Neurology of Chongqing Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine between May 2017 and 2019. The patients were categorized into rapid-, medium-, and slow-metabolism groups based on CYP2C19 gene polymorphism, and their prognosis was monitored. In addition, the prognosis of 188 patients selectively receiving carotid artery stenting at a selected time was also observed. RESULTS: Among the 292 cerebral infarction cases receiving acute endovascular recanalization, the patients in the CYP2C19 rapid-metabolism group regularly took clopidogrel and aspirin combined with antiplatelet therapy and suffered from reoccurrence of apoplexy and cerebral hemorrhage; the 90-day good prognosis had a statistical difference (P < 0.05, prognostic assessment includes hospitalization and 6 months after discharge) and the other adverse events had no statistical difference (including mortality). The 188 patients selectively receiving carotid artery stenting had a recurrence of apoplexy, cerebral hemorrhage, and restenosis rate with a statistical difference (P < 0.05), and the other adverse events had no statistical difference. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, the findings of the current study indicate that irrespective of whether patients are undergoing selective carotid artery stenting or acute endovascular recanalization, those with rapid CYP2C19 metabolism have a significantly lower likelihood of experiencing adverse prognostic events compared to those with intermediate and slow metabolism. Furthermore, this group also has a more favorable prognosis than the other two groups.
Efficacy and Safety of P2Y(12) monotherapy vs standard DAPT in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: meta-analysis of randomized trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Debates persist regarding the optimal duration of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in coronary artery disease (CAD). Recent trials have introduced a novel approach involving P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy with ticagrelor or clopidogrel, after a short DAPT. However, the effectiveness and safety of this strategy remains to be established. We aimed to perform a meta-analysis comparing monotherapy with P2Y12 inhibitors versus standard DAPT in patients undergoing PCI at 12 months. METHODS: Multiple databases were searched. Six RCTs with a total of 24877 patients were included. The primary endpoint was all-cause mortality at 12 months of follow-up. The secondary endpoints were cardiovascular mortality, myocardial infarction, probable or definite stent thrombosis, stroke events, and major bleeding. The study is registered with PROSPERO (CRD42024499529). RESULTS: Monotherapy with P2Y12 inhibitor ticagrelor significantly reduced both allcause mortality (HR 0.71, 95 CI [0.55-0.91], P = 0.007) and cardiovascular mortality (HR 0.66, 95% CI [0.49-0.89], P = 0.006) compared to standard DAPT. In contrast, clopidogrel monotherapy did not demonstrate a similar reduction. The decrease in mortality associated with ticagrelor was primarily due to a lower risk of major bleeding (HR 0.56, 95% CI [0.43-0.72], P < 0.001), while the risk of myocardial infarction (MI) remained unchanged (HR 0.90, 95% CI [0.73-1.11], P = 0.32). The risk of stroke was found to be similar across treatments. CONCLUSIONS: In comparison to standard DAPT, P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy with ticagrelor may lead to a reduced mortality. The clinical benefits are driven by a reduction of bleeding risk without ischemic risk trade-off.
Efficacy and safety of potent platelet P2Y12 receptor inhibitors in elderly versus nonelderly patients with acute coronary syndrome: A systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: The use of the potent oral P2Y12 inhibitors prasugrel and ticagrelor in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) has a favorable net clinical effect compared with clopidogrel and is recommended as first-line therapy. However, the impact of these agents on ischemic and bleeding events in elderly ACS patients is not well defined. METHODS: We performed a systematic review of articles comparing potent P2Y12 inhibitors to clopidogrel in elderly and nonelderly patients (defined according to each study) with ACS in terms of efficacy (composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke) and safety (major bleeding) end points. RESULTS: A total of 7,860 elderly and 37,857 nonelderly patients from 7 studies (5 randomized control trials and 2 observational studies) were included. Potent P2Y12 inhibitors significantly reduced efficacy end point in nonelderly patients (relative risk [RR] 0.85, 95% CI 0.79-0.93) and less so in elderly patients (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.86-1.05). No significant differences were found between potent P2Y12 inhibitors and clopidogrel in terms of safety end point in both elderly (RR 1.19, 95% CI 0.95-1.49) and nonelderly patients (RR 1.16, 95% CI 0.95-1.41). There were no significant interactions between age and treatment effect in both analyses (efficacy P(int)=.16; safety P(int)=.83). CONCLUSIONS: The effect of more potent P2Y12 inhibitors compared with clopidogrel on efficacy and safety end points is consistent in elderly and younger patients. These data imply that potent P2Y12 inhibitors should not be withheld from eligible patients solely because of advanced age.
Genotype-Guided Dual Antiplatelet Use for Transient Ischemic Attack and Minor Stroke by Imaging Status: Subgroup Analysis of the CHANCE-2 Trial.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study was performed to investigate whether ticagrelor/aspirin versus clopidogrel/aspirin can further reduce the residual risk of stroke recurrence in patients with positive diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) in the High-Risk Patients with Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events II (CHANCE-2) trial. METHODS: Patients with DWI data in the CHANCE-2 trial were included and divided into those with and without acute infarction according to their DWI findings. The primary efficacy outcome and safety outcome were stroke recurrence and moderate to severe bleeding within 3 months of follow-up, respectively. RESULTS: Of the 6,412 patients enrolled in the CHANCE-2 trial, 5,796 (90.4%) patients with DWI data were included in the subgroup analysis. A total of 4,369 patients (75.4%) had an acute infarction on DWI. Patients with positive DWI had higher risk of recurrent stroke (8.1%) than those without infarction (2.2%) within 3-month follow-up. Compared with clopidogrel/aspirin, ticagrelor/aspirin was associated with lower risk of stroke in patients with positive DWI (hazard ratio [HR] = 0.65, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.52-0.80, p < 0.001) than in those negative DWI (HR = 1.22, 95% CI = 0.55-2.72, p = 0.63), with a significant interaction association (p for interaction = 0.049). The risk of moderate to severe bleeding was similar between ticagrelor/aspirin and clopidogrel/aspirin treatment in the different groups. INTERPRETATION: Our study demonstrates that imaging evaluation should be emphasized before targeting the best candidates for genotype-guided dual antiplatelet therapy in future clinical research and practice. ANN NEUROL 2023;93:783-792.
Personalized approaches to clopidogrel therapy: are we there yet?$$$ Clopidogrel is one of the most commonly prescribed medications worldwide. Recent advisories from the US Food and Drug Administration have drawn attention to the possibility of personalized decision-making for people who are candidates for clopidogrel. As is the case with antihypertensives, statins, and warfarin, common genetic sequence variants can influence clopidogrel metabolism and its effect on platelet activity. These genetic variants have, in multiple studies, been associated with adverse clinical outcomes. Concurrent medication use also influences how the body handles clopidogrel. Proton pump inhibitors, widely prescribed in conjunction with clopidogrel, may blunt its effectiveness. We address implications for bedside decision-making in light of accumulated data and current Food and Drug Administration advisories and conclude that genetic testing for CYP2C19 genotype and limitation of proton pump inhibitor interactions do not yet appear to offer an opportunity to optimize treatment given the current state of knowledge. FAU - Anderson, Christopher D
Cost-effectiveness analysis of CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy for patients with acute minor ischemic stroke and high-risk transient ischemic attack in China.$$$ AIMS: The study aimed to estimate the cost-effectiveness of CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy using cilostazol and ticagrelor as an alternative to clopidogrel, compared to conventional antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel and aspirin. METHODS: A 90-day decision tree and 30-year Markov model were employed to assess the costs and quality-adjusted life years (QALYs) of personalized antiplatelet therapy for patients with minor ischemic stroke and high-risk transient ischemic attack, compared to conventional antiplatelet therapy in the Chinese healthcare system. The primary outcome was the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER). The data sources included clinical trials, published literature, official documents and local prices. One-way sensitivity analysis and probabilistic sensitivity analysis were performed to confirm the robustness of the findings. RESULTS: The base-case analysis indicated that the CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet strategy was cost-effective, and cilostazol group and ticagrelor group yielded an ICER of 3327.40 US dollars (USD)/QALY and 3426.92 USD/QALY, respectively, which were less than threshold. The one-way sensitivity analysis showed the results were robust, where the most sensitive parameter was the disability distribution in the modified Rankin scale 3-5. The probabilistic analysis showed that the CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy with either cilostazol or ticagrelor was 100% cost-effective under the willingness-to-pay threshold. CONCLUSIONS: CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy using cilostazol and ticagrelor as an alternative to clopidogrel appeared to be more cost-effective than conventional antiplatelet therapy for acute minor ischemic stroke and high-risk transient ischemic attack patients over 30 years in China.
Clinical importance of testing for clopidogrel resistance in patients undergoing carotid artery stenting-a systematic review.$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy is frequently prescribed for patients undergoing carotid artery stenting (CAS), however clopidogrel resistance might cause thromboembolic complications. The role of testing for clopidogrel resistance in patients undergoing CAS is unclear. In this study, we aimed to review the periprocedural thromboembolic outcomes in clopidogrel resistant patients who underwent CAS. We conducted a review of PubMed, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library up to October 7, 2020. Studies were included that investigated at least ten patients aged 18 years or older with a symptomatic carotid artery stenosis requiring CAS. Studies were excluded that investigated patients with a carotid artery dissection, case reports, case series of less than ten patients, reviews, commentaries, letters to the editors, and conference abstracts. The primary endpoint was the incidence of thromboembolic events. One hundred seventy-seven unique articles were identified of which three studies were included in our systematic review. The sample sizes ranged from 76 to 449 patients and the follow-up duration from 24 hours to 2 years postprocedural. Two retrospective observational studies determined clopidogrel resistance using measurement of P2Y12 reaction units, and one historical cohort study used genetic testing. Two studies concluded that clopidogrel resistance was a risk factor for thromboembolic complications, the other found higher values of P2Y12 reaction units in patients with thromboembolic events compared to those without. In conclusion, current literature supports a possible relationship between clopidogrel resistance and thromboembolic complications in patients who underwent CAS. Preprocedural testing for clopidogrel resistance might therefore be of additional value. Randomized studies using a valid, reliable clopidogrel resistance test and clinical endpoints, are however required to make a definitive statement and to determine the impact of the thromboembolic complications. This study was registered within PROSPERO (CRD42020197318).
Genetic variability in stroke patients: CYP2C19 polymorphisms unraveled.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study the distribution characteristics of CYP2C19 polymorphisms in patients suffering from stroke in Han Chinese patients. METHOD: PCR and DNA microarray chip technology were used to detect the CYP2C19 genotype of 549 patients with stroke, and the genotype, allele frequency and metabolic type of patients with different sexes, ages and types of infarctions and the independent risk factors for clopidogrel resistance were analyzed. RESULTS: Six genotypes were detected in these 549 patients. A total of 233 (42.44%) patients had the heterozygous allele *1/*2, which was the most prevalent, followed by the homozygous wild-type allele *1/*1 (191, 34.79%). A total of 30 (5.46%) patients possessed the heterozygous allele *1/*3, and 65 (11.84%) patients had the homozygous mutant allele *2/*2. Twenty-nine (5.28%) patients had the compound heterozygous mutant allele *2/*3, and only 1 patient had the homozygous mutant allele *3/*3. The distribution of genotypes, alleles, and metabolic types did not change significantly (P > 0.05) by sex, age, or type of stroke. In addition, no independent risk factors for clopidogrel resistance were found in this analysis. CONCLUSION: The distribution of CYP2C19 genotypes, allele frequencies, and metabolic types in patients with stroke in Han Chinese patients were not correlated with sex, age, or infarction type. The possibilities of hyperglycemia, hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia, hypo-HDL-cholesterolemia, hyper-LDL-cholesterolemia and high blood pressure were not statistically associated with CYP2C19 genotypes. CYP2C19 gene polymorphism detection is recommended for patients who are available, and during treatment, the CYP2C19 genotype can be used to guide personalized precise medication use in patients with stroke.
Implementation and management outcomes of pharmacogenetic CYP2C19 testing for clopidogrel therapy in clinical practice.$$$ PURPOSE: The antiplatelet prodrug clopidogrel is bioactivated by the polymorphic enzyme CYP2C19. Prospective clinical studies demonstrated an association between CYP2C19 loss of function (LoF) variants and an increased risk of thrombotic events under clopidogrel, but pharmacogenetic (PGx) testing is not frequently implemented in clinical practice. We report our experience with PGx-guided clopidogrel therapy with particular regard to clinically relevant patient management changes. METHODS: We conducted an observational study analyzing patients that underwent PGx testing for clopidogrel therapy at two Swiss hospitals. Primary outcome was the proportion of patients with clinically relevant PGx-based management recommendations and their implementation. The association of recurrent ischemic events under clopidogrel with CYP2C19 LoF variants and other factors was explored in a multivariate case-control analysis. RESULTS: Among 56 patients undergoing PGx testing, 18 (32.1%) were classified as CYP2C19 intermediate or poor metabolizers. This resulted in 17 recommendations for a change of antiplatelet therapy, which were implemented in 12 patients (70.1%). In the remaining five patients, specific reasons for non-implementation could be identified. Recurrent ischemic events under clopidogrel were associated with LoF variants (OR 2.2, 95% CI 0.3-14.4) and several cardiovascular risk factors. Associations were not statistically significant in our small study, but plausible and in line with estimates from large prospective studies. CONCLUSION: PGx-guided clopidogrel therapy can identify patients with an elevated risk of ischemic events and offer evidence-based alternative treatments. Successful implementation in clinical practice requires a personalized interdisciplinary service that evaluates indications and additional risk factors, provides specific recommendations, and proactively follows their implementation. FAU - Russmann, Stefan
Efficacy and safety of ticagrelor: a reversible P2Y12 receptor antagonist.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To summarize the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties of ticagrelor, a selective P2Y12 receptor antagonist, and evaluate its role in the treatment of patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). DATA SOURCES: A literature search was conducted in MEDLINE (1966-November 2009), International Pharmaceutical Abstracts (1970-November 2009), and EMBASE (1990-November 2009) using the MeSH terms and key words AZD6140, ticagrelor, P2Y12 receptor antagonist, cardiovascular disease, ACS, atherothrombosis, and platelets. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: Selected studies evaluated the pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, safety, and efficacy of ticagrelor for the treatment of ACS. DATA SYNTHESIS: Ticagrelor selectively and reversibly blocks the P2Y12 receptor, inhibiting platelet aggregation and preventing amplification of platelet activation. Optimal dosing strategy as determined by ticagrelor's pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profile is a loading dose of 180 mg followed by 90 mg by mouth twice daily. At these doses, greater platelet inhibition is observed with ticagrelor as compared to clopidogrel 75 mg once daily in both clopidogrel-experienced and -naïve patients. Studies in patients experiencing ACS concluded that ticagrelor reduced the rate of cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, and overall mortality compared to clopidogrel without increasing major bleeding when administered with standard therapy for ACS. There was no significant difference in the risk of stroke with ticagrelor compared to clopidogrel; however, intracranial bleeding was more common with ticagrelor. Ticagrelor is well tolerated; however, minor bleeding, dyspnea, hypotension, nausea, and ventricular pauses were reported more frequently than with clopidogrel. Reversible inhibition with ticagrelor may allow for more rapid surgical intervention after discontinuation, suggesting greater flexibility in treatment of ACS. CONCLUSIONS: Ticagrelor's improved pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profile builds upon the limitations of currently available P2Y12 receptor antagonists. Ticagrelor represents a promising approach for the prevention of cardiovascular events in patients with ACS. FAU - Anderson, Shawn D
[Practical questions on therapy with new antithrombotic agents].$$$ Recently, new peroral antithrombotic agents have proved better prevention of thrombotic complications in many clinical events such as acute coronary syndrome, tromboembolic disease or atrial fibrillation. New peroral anticoagulants (NPA) were introduced - dabigatran, rivaroxaban and apixaban and new antiplatelet agents - ticagrelol and prasugrel. Outcomes of pilot studies: RE-LY, ROCKET AF, ARISTOTLE, PLATO a TIMI 38 TRITON and subsequent clinical experiences supported their usage. NPA have proved non-inferiority in incidence of stroke or systemic embolism. Moreover, apixaban and dabigatran with administration of 150 mg twice a day have proved superiority. In addition, all 3 molecules have been non-inferior in incidence of severe bleeding. Apixaban and dabigatran - 110 mg twice a day have been proved as superior. Therefore, the guidelines favour NPA before warfarin in most patients. Previous antiplatelet agent - clopidogrel is ineffective due to genetic polymorphism in P450 (polymorphism of CYP2C19 and CYP3A4 allele - *1 isoforms in function, *2 and *3 non-functioning alleles) and due to failure of metabolic conversion to active molecule. This resistance depends on population and is present in 20-35% patients. New antiplatelet medications have faster and more homogenous onset in comparison with clopidogrel. Their metabolism is different and resistance is not so frequent. Prasugrel is contraindicated in patients after stroke or TIA, in elderly patients (more than 75 years) and in patients with weight less than 60 kg. Prasugrel has data of benefit especially in patients with STEMI or diabetes. Ticagrelor reduces mortality in patients with acute coronary syndrome concurrently without clinically significant bleeding comparing ticagrelor to clopidogrel administration. On the other hand, higher incidence of significant bleeding has been revealed unrelated to aortocoronary bypass with ticagrelor therapy, including higher incidence of fatal intracranial hemorrhage and reduced incidence of fatal hemorrhage of other types. Ticagrelor significantly reduced the primary end-point compared to clopidogrelu in patients with chronic kidney disease and creatinine clearance 30-60 ml/min. In addition, ticagrelor reduces all cause mortality in these patients. New antithrombotic agents have brought improvement not only in reducing the incidence of thrombotic and bleeding complications, but in decision-making algorithm as well. However, search for optimal therapy of thrombosis will clearly require more intensive clinical research. FAU - Vojáček, Jan
Genotype-Guided P2Y(12) Inhibitor Therapy After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Bayesian Analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Among patients receiving percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), the role of a genotype-guided approach for antiplatelet therapy compared with usual care is unclear. We conducted a Bayesian analysis of the entire TAILOR-PCI (Tailored Antiplatelet Initiation to Lessen Outcomes Due to Decreased Clopidogrel Response After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention) randomized clinical trial population to evaluate the effect of the genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy post-PCI compared with the usual care on the risk of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE). METHODS: The primary outcome for our study was the composite of MACE (myocardial infarction, stroke, and cardiovascular death). Secondary outcomes included cardiovascular death, stroke, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, and major/minor bleeding. Bayesian modeling was used to estimate the probability of clinical benefit of genotype-guided therapy using (1) noninformative priors (ie, analyzing the TAILOR-PCI trial) and (2) informative priors derived from the ADAPT, POPular Genetics, IAC-PCI, and PHARMCLO trials (ie, analyzing TAILOR-PCI trial in the context of prior evidence). Risk ratio (RR: ratio of cumulative outcome incidence between genotype-guided and conventional therapy group) and 95% credible interval (CrI) were estimated for the study outcomes, and probability estimates for RR <1 were computed. RESULTS: Using noninformative priors, in TAILOR-PCI the RR for MACE was 0.78 (95% CrI, 0.55-1.07) in genotype-guided therapy after PCI, and the probability of RR <1 was 94%. Using noninformative priors, the probability of RR <1 for cardiovascular death (RR, 0.95 [95% CrI, 0.52-1.74]), stroke (RR, 0.68 [95% CrI, 0.44-1.06]), myocardial infarction (RR, 0.84 [95% CrI, 0.37-1.89]), stent thrombosis (RR, 0.75 [95% CrI, 0.37-1.45]), and major or minor bleeding (RR, 1.22 [95% CrI, 0.84-1.77]) were 57%, 96%, 67%, 81%, and 15%, respectively. Using informative priors, the posterior probability of RR <1 for MACE, from genotype-guided therapy, was 99% (RR, 0.69 [95% CrI, 0.57-0.84]). Using informative priors, the posterior probability of RR <1 for cardiovascular death (RR, 0.86 [95% CrI, 0.61-1.19]), stroke (RR, 0.69 [95% CrI, 0.48-0.99]), myocardial infarction (RR:0.56 [95% CrI, 0.40-0.78]), stent thrombosis (RR, 0.59 [95% CrI, 0.38-0.94]), and major or minor bleeding (RR, 0.84 [95% CrI, 0.70-0.99]) were 81%, 99%, 99%, 99%, and 99%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Bayesian analysis of the TAILOR-PCI trial provides clinically meaningful data on the posterior probability of reducing MACE using genotype-guided P2Y(12) inhibitor therapy after PCI. FAU - Parcha, Vibhu
Relationship between CYP2C19 Polymorphism and Clopidogrel Resistance in Patients with Coronary Heart Disease and Ischemic Stroke in China.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Clopidogrel is widely used for preventing ischemic complications related to cardiovascular diseases. However, many patients experience clopidogrel resistance (CR). The polymorphisms of CYP2C19 have been implicated in CR, but CYP2C19 polymorphism considerably varies with both ethnic group and geographical location. This study aimed to investigate the association between CYP2C19 polymorphisms and clopidogrel resistance (CR) in patients with coronary heart disease and ischemic stroke among Han and Tibetan populations in Qinghai Province, China. METHODS: From June 2019 to January 2020, patients who were diagnosed with coronary heart disease or cerebral infarction in internal medicine of Qinghai Provincial People's Hospital and had taken dual antiplatelet drugs were included in this study. Blood was collected and routine items were completed. Whole exome sequencing was performed for CYP2C19 genetic polymorphisms of CYP2C19∗2 (rs4244285), CYP2C19∗3 (rs4986893), and CYP2C19∗17 (rs12248560). RESULTS: A total of 91 patients with coronary heart disease or cerebral infarction (67 Han people (65.99 ± 12.25 years old) and 24 Tibetan (63.6324 Tib years old)) including 52 cases with CR and 39 cases with non-CR were enrolled in this study. For the Han population, the differences in age, glycosylated hemoglobin, activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT), gender, aspirin resistance, and diabetes were significant between the CR and non-CR groups. For the Tibetan population, the two groups showed no significant difference in all indicators. There was no significant difference between CR and non-CR groups for all genotypes (CYP2C19 ∗2, ∗3, and ∗17) in either Han or Tibetan populations. For the Han populations, age, APTT, and aspirin resistance were significantly correlated with CR. CONCLUSION: The present study indicated that CYP2C19∗2, CYP2C19∗3, and CYP2C19∗17 alleles were not correlated with CR for both Han and Tibetan populations in Qinghai Province, while age, APTT, and aspirin resistance were independent risk factors of CR in this region.
The role of CYP2C19 genotyping to guide antiplatelet therapy following ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet agent recommended for secondary prevention of ischemic stroke (IS) and transient ischemic attack (TIA). Conversion of clopidogrel to its active metabolite by hepatic cytochrome P450-2C19 (CYP2C19) is essential for the inhibition of the P2Y12 receptor and subsequent platelet aggregation to prevent thrombotic events. CYP2C19 is highly polymorphic, with over 30 loss of function (LoF) alleles. This review considers whether there is sufficient data to support genotype guided antiplatelet therapy after stroke. AREAS COVERED: A systematic literature review retrieved articles, which describe the interaction between CYP2C19 genotype and clinical outcomes following IS or TIA when treated with clopidogrel. The review documents efforts to identify optimal antiplatelet regimens and explores the value genotype guided antiplatelet therapy. The work outlines the contemporary understanding of clopidogrel metabolism and appraises evidence linking CYP2C19 LoF variants with attenuated platelet inhibition and poorer outcomes. EXPERT OPINION: There is good evidence that CYP2C19 LoF allele carriers of Han-Chinese ancestry have increased risk for further vascular events following TIA or IS when treated with clopidogrel. The evidence base is less certain in other populations. The expansion of pharmacogenetics into routine clinical practice will facilitate further research and help tailor other aspects of secondary prevention. FAU - McDermott, John H
Associations of CYP2C19 and F2R genetic polymorphisms with platelet reactivity in Chinese ischemic stroke patients receiving clopidogrel therapy.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Genetic variation has been considered a major contributor to the high variability in the response to dual antiplatelet therapy in patients with acute ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack. Recently, incidences of ischemic stroke are increasing rapidly in China. We aimed to evaluate the influence of potential determinants on the response of antiplatelet therapy and adverse events in Chinese ischemic stroke patients receiving clopidogrel-aspirin treatment. METHODS: Based on the clopidogrel drug response pathway and the coagulation and anticoagulation function, we systematically selected 34 genetic polymorphisms in 12 candidate genes. Three hundred and eight patients were divided into 2 groups according to their degree of inhibition of platelet aggregation. Multivariate analysis was then performed to assess the influence of demographic, clinical and genetic factors on platelet reactivity in Chinese ischemic stroke patients. RESULTS: We found that polymorphisms in CYP2C19 and F2R genes were still significantly associated with platelet reactivity in Chinese ischemic stroke patients (P = 0.037 and 0.015). The newly identified rs168753 in F2R gene may influence the efficacy to clopidogrel-aspirin therapy for ischemic stroke patients. We also found that ischemic stroke patients with low level of inhibition of platelet aggregation had higher risk of recurrent ischemic events (P = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Together, these results emphasized the necessity of genotype-directed antiplatelet therapy and facilitated to minimize adverse ischemic events.
Association of potent P2Y12 blockers with ischemic and bleeding outcomes in non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction.$$$ BACKGROUND: Potent P2Y12 blockers are preferred in patients with acute non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). However, the risk of bleeding remains a major concern. We assessed the association of potent P2Y12 blockers with ischemic and bleeding outcomes in patients with NSTEMI. METHODS: From the Korea Acute Myocardial Infarction Registry-National Institute of Health database, 4927 patients with NSTEMI receiving drug-eluting stents (DES) were divided into potent P2Y12 blocker (ticagrelor or prasugrel, n=901) and clopidogrel (n=3180) groups. Propensity-matched 12-month ischemic and bleeding events were compared. Patients who received anticoagulants or who discontinued P2Y12 blockers or switched between potent P2Y12 blockers and clopidogrel were excluded. RESULTS: In the overall population, patients at higher ischemic and bleeding risks more often received clopidogrel. After propensity matching (n=901 in each group), 12-month rates of major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events were lower (7.3% vs. 10.1%, p=0.038), but Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) major or minor bleeding rates were higher (5.9% vs. 2.2%, p<0.001) with potent P2Y12 blockers. Twelve-month rates of death from any cause, MI, stroke, or TIMI major bleeding were not different. On multivariate analysis, 12-month risk of TIMI major or minor bleeding was higher with B2 or C lesion, potent P2Y12 blocker use, body weight <60kg, and lower with time to PCI <12h and radial artery access. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with NSTEMI receiving DES, potent P2Y12 blockers were associated with reduced ischemic but increased bleeding risk with similar net clinical benefits.
Clopidogrel Use in CYP2C19 Loss-of-Function Carriers With High Bleeding Risk After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND: It is not known whether clopidogrel use in cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) carriers with high bleeding risk (HBR) contributes to adverse outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS AND RESULTS: This retrospective observational study included 618 consecutive patients with available CYP2C19 polymorphism information who underwent PCI between September 2014 and August 2021. Patients with HBR (319 [52%] met the Academic Research Consortium definition) were divided into 2 groups according to P2Y(12)inhibitor action, namely decreased (i.e., clopidogrel in CYP2C19 LOF carriers) and retained (i.e., clopidogrel in CYP2C19 LOF non-carriers or prasugrel regardless of CYP2C19 polymorphisms), and clinical outcomes at 1 year were compared using inverse probability-weighted Cox proportional hazard regression. The primary ischemic outcome (a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or ischemic stroke) was significantly higher in the decreased than retained group (10.2% vs. 3.0%; adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 2.78; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.40-5.52; P=0.004). The primary bleeding outcome (Bleeding Academic Research Consortium 3 or 5) did not differ significantly between the decreased and retained groups (3.4% vs. 6.9%, respectively; aHR 0.48; 95% CI 0.22-1.01; P=0.054). There were no interactions between the treatment groups and HBR status in primary ischemic and bleeding outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Among patients with HBR, clopidogrel use in CYP2C19 LOF carriers was significantly associated with increased ischemic events after PCI. FAU - Sawayama, Yuichi
Variants in clopidogrel-relevant genes and early neurological deterioration in ischemic stroke patients receiving clopidogrel.$$$ BACKGROUND: Early neurological deterioration (END) is common in acute ischemic stroke (IS). However, the underlying mechanisms for END are unclear. The aim of this study was to evaluate the associations of 16 variants in clopidogrel-relevant genes and interactions among these variants with END in acute IS patients receiving clopidogrel treatment. METHODS: We consecutively enrolled 375 acute IS patients between June 2014 and January 2015. Platelet aggregation was measured on admission and after the 7-10 days of clopidogrel treatment. The 16 variants in clopidogrel-relevant genes were examined using mass spectrometry. The primary outcome was END within the 10 days of admission. Gene-gene interactions were analyzed by generalized multifactor dimensionality reduction (GMDR) methods. RESULTS: Among the 375 patients, 95 (25.3%) patients developed END within the first 10 days of admission. Among the 16 variants, only CYP2C19*2 (rs4244285) AA/AG was associated with END using single-locus analytical approach. GMDR analysis revealed that there was a synergistic effect of gene-gene interactions among CYP2C19*2 rs4244285, P2Y12 rs16863323, and GPIIIa rs2317676 on the risk for END. The high-risk interactions among the three variants were associated with the higher platelet aggregation and independent predictor for END after adjusting for the covariates (hazard ratio: 2.82; 95% confidence interval: 1.36-7.76; P = 0.003). CONCLUSIONS: END is very common in patients with acute IS. The mechanisms leading to END are most likely multifactorial. Interactions among CYP2C19*2 rs4244285, P2Y12 rs16863323, and GPIIIa rs2317676 may confer a higher risk for END. It was very important to modify clopidogrel therapy for the patients carrying the high-risk interactive genotypes. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION INFORMATION: The study described here is registered at http://www.chictr.org/ (unique Identifier: ChiCTR-OCH-14004724). The date of trial registration was May 30, 2014. FAU - Yi, Xingyang
An alternative reduced dose regimen of ticagrelor for neuroendovascular patients.$$$ OBJECTIVE: There is a growing use of ticagrelor in patients undergoing neuroendovascular procedures, especially those who demonstrate clopidogrel resistance. While multiple dosages are studied in the cardiology literature, the optimal dose for patients with neurological pathology has yet to be established. Here, we describe a single center experience involving 39 patients who underwent neuroendovascular procedures that then received an adjusted lower dose of ticagrelor. METHODS: A retrospective chart review was performed between 2013 and 2017 for patients on dual anti-platelet therapy (DAPT) for either cervical or intracranial vascular pathologies, as well as stenting of the neurovasculature, including carotid arteries. Patients were placed on ticagrelor if their measured P2Y(12) reaction units (PRU) responses to clopidogrel were outside the expected range in our center using the VerifyNow™ P2Y(12) test. All patients were maintained on a dose of 45 mg twice daily except for one patient who received 22.5 mg twice daily. Responsiveness to ticagrelor were measured utilizing the VerifyNow™ P2Y(12) test. RESULTS: The mean number of days for follow-up post treatment initiation was 532 days. A total of 39 patients were included in the analysis. Of these, 8 patients (21%) received implantation of intracranial stents (5 patients received pipeline embolization devices, 1 patient received stent-assisted coiling, and 2 patients received intracranial stents for atherosclerotic disease). Fourteen patients (35%) received carotid angioplasty and stenting. Seventeen patients (44%) did not receive permanent implantation of a stent. All patients on the lower dose ticagrelor of 45 mg twice daily achieved responsiveness (i.e., PRU < 194). Hemorrhagic transformation of ischemic stroke occurred in one patient (2.5%). No other hemorrhagic complications were encountered. No thromboembolic events were recorded aside from one patient (2.5%) with intracranial atherosclerotic disease who had an ischemic event. CONCLUSIONS: A lower dose of ticagrelor (45 mg twice daily) appears to be safe and effective in this small cohort of patients who are resistant to clopidogrel per P2Y(12) testing and who have increased risk of ischemic or hemorrhagic strokes due to neurovascular pathologies and implants. Further randomized studies are required to confirm these findings. FAU - Kass-Hout, Omar
Interaction among CYP2C8, GPIIIa and P2Y12 variants increase susceptibility to ischemic stroke in Chinese population.$$$ PURPOSE: Genetic variants in cytochrome P450 (CYP), platelet membrane receptor (P2Y12, P2Y1), and glycoprotein IIIa (GPIIIa) genes are associated with the efficacy of clopidogrel and adverse clinical events on ischemic stroke (IS) patients. However, few studies have assessed whether gene-gene interactions among these genes influence the risk of IS. The aim of the present study was to investigate the association of fifteen variants with IS and to determine whether these gene-gene interactions increase the risk of IS. METHODS: Fifteen variants in CYP3A4, CYP3A5, CYP2C8, CYP2C9, CYP2C19, P2Y12, P2Y1 and GPIIIa genes were examined using mass spectrometry methods in 396 patients with IS and 378 controls. Gene-gene interactions were analyzed using generalized multifactor dimensionality reduction (GMDR) methods. RESULTS: Single-gene variant analysis showed no significant differences in the genotype distributions of the fifteen variants between IS patients and controls using the single-locus analytical approach. However, GMDR analysis showed a significant gene-gene interaction among rs17110453A>C, rs2317676A>G, and rs16863323C>T, which scored 10 for cross-validation consistency and 9 for the sign test (P = 0.016). Logistic regression analysis showed that high-risk interactions among rs17110453A>C, rs2317676A>G, and rs16863323C>T were independent risk factor for IS after adjusting for age, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and hemoglobin A1C (OR=2.24, 95% CI: 1.17-5.62, P=0.005). CONCLUSIONS: The rs17110453A>C, rs2317676A>G, and rs16863323C>T three-loci interaction may confer a higher risk for IS. The combinatorial analysis used in this study may be helpful to elucidate complex genetic risk factors for IS. FAU - Yi, Xingyang
Risk of stroke in CYP2C19 LoF polymorphism carrier coronary artery disease patients undergoing clopidogrel therapy: An ethnicity-based updated meta-analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Antiplatelet agent clopidogrel has been widely used for stroke management for many years, although resistance to clopidogrel may increase the chance of stroke recurrence. CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LoF) polymorphism is assumed to be responsible for the poor metabolism of clopidogrel that ultimately turns to resistance. Previous publications could not provide firm evidence due to highly conflicting and heterogeneous outcomes. AIM: To get clear evidence from an updated meta-analysis on CYP2C19 LoF polymorphism association with stroke risk in clopidogrel treated patients, this study has been performed. METHODS: We conducted a meta-analysis with 72 selected studies from authentic databases, including 40,035 coronary artery disease patients treated with clopidogrel. RESULTS: This analysis showed that the worldwide carrier of one or more CYP2C19 LoF alleles had a significantly higher risk of stroke and composite events than the non-LoF carriers (RR=1.78, 95% CI=1.52-2.07, p<0.00001 and RR=1.39, 95% CI=1.26-1.54, p<0.00001, respectively). Besides, subgroup analysis showed that Asian CYP2C19 LoF carriers had a significantly increased risk of stroke (RR=1.91, 95% CI=1.60-2.28, p<0.00001) while the risk of composite events was significantly higher in all ethnic populations (Asian: RR=1.58, 95% CI=1.32-1.89, p<0.00001; Caucasian: RR=1.27, 95% CI=1.08-1.50, p=0.003; Hispanic and others: RR=1.21, 95% CI=1.09-1.34, p=0.0003). CONCLUSION: Our meta-analysis confirmed that the presence of CYP2C19 LoF alleles increases the risk of stroke and composite events recurrence in the worldwide population, especially in Asians undergoing clopidogrel treatment. Alternative antiplatelet therapy should be investigated thoroughly for the intermediate and poor metabolizers.
Efficacy of Clopidogrel for Prevention of Stroke Based on CYP2C19 Allele Status in the POINT Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet drug that is metabolized to its active form by the CYP2C19 enzyme. The CHANCE trial (Clopidogrel in High-Risk Patients With Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events) found a significant interaction between loss-of-function allele status for the CYP2C19 gene and the effect of dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel on the rate of early recurrent stroke following acute transient ischemic attack/minor stroke. The POINT (Platelet-Oriented Inhibition in New TIA and Minor Ischemic Stroke Trial), similar in design to CHANCE but performed largely in North America and Europe, demonstrated a reduction in early recurrent stroke with dual antiplatelet therapy compared with aspirin alone. This substudy was done to evaluate a potential interaction between loss-of-function CYP2C19 alleles and outcome by treatment group in POINT. METHODS: Of the 269 sites in 10 countries that enrolled patients in POINT, 134 sites participated in this substudy. DNA samples were genotyped for CYP2C19 *2, *3, and *17 alleles and classified as being carriers or noncarriers of loss-of-function alleles. Major ischemia consisted of ischemic stroke, myocardial infarction, or ischemic vascular death. RESULTS: Nine hundred thirty-two patients provided analyzable DNA. The rates of major ischemia were 6.7% for the aspirin group versus 2.3% for the dual antiplatelet therapy group (hazard ratio, 0.33 [95% CI, 0.09-1.21]; P=0.09) among carriers of loss-of-function allele. The rates of major ischemia were 5.6% for the aspirin group versus 3.7% for the dual antiplatelet therapy group (hazard ratio, 0.65 [95% CI, 0.32-1.34]; P=0.25) among noncarriers. There was no significant interaction by genotype for major ischemia (P=0.36) or stroke (P=0.33). CONCLUSIONS: This substudy of POINT found no significant interaction with CYP2C19 loss-of-function carrier status and outcome by treatment group. Failure to confirm the findings from the CHANCE trial may be because the loss-of-function alleles tested are not clinically important in this context or because the 2 trials had differences in racial/ethnic composition. Additionally, differences between the 2 trials might be due to chance as our statistical power was limited to 50%. Registration: URL: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT00991029. FAU - Meschia, James F
Prevalence of CYP2C19*2 carriers in Saudi ischemic stroke patients and the suitability of using genotyping to guide antiplatelet therapy in a university hospital setup.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To mitigate the incidence of recurrent stroke in patients, dual antiplatelet therapy comprising aspirin and clopidogrel is usually administered. Clopidogrel is a prodrug and its bioactivation is catalyzed by cytochrome P450 (CYP)2C19. The main objective of this work was to determine the prevalence of CYP2C19*2 carriers in Saudi ischemic stroke patients and assess the suitability of using genotyping to guide antiplatelet therapy in a university hospital setup. METHODS: This prospective (2018-2019) study was conducted on 256 patients (age 61 ± 12.5) clinically diagnosed with ischemic stroke who were genotyped using Spartan RX CYP2C19 assay. RESULTS: From the total patient group (256), upon admission, 210 patients were prescribed either aspirin, clopidogrel or dual antiplatelet therapy. Of the 27 patients with the CYP2C19*2 allele who were prescribed clopidogrel (18) or dual antiplatelet therapy (9), only 21 patients could be followed up for a period of six months post stroke event, in addition to 21 age- and sex-matched patients with the normal allele. The CYP2C19*2 allele carriers had a statistically significant increased risk of recurrent stroke compared to patients carrying the normal allele. CONCLUSIONS: This study shows the suitability of using genotyping to guide antiplatelet therapy in ischemic stroke patients in a clinical setting.
Prevalence of CYP2C19*2 carriers in Saudi ischemic stroke patients and the suitability of using genotyping to guide antiplatelet therapy in a university hospital setup. LID - 10.1515/dmdi-2021-0104 [doi]$$$ OBJECTIVES: To mitigate the incidence of recurrent stroke in patients, dual antiplatelet therapy comprising aspirin and clopidogrel is usually administered. Clopidogrel is a prodrug and its bioactivation is catalyzed by cytochrome P450 (CYP)2C19. The main objective of this work was to determine the prevalence of CYP2C19*2 carriers in Saudi ischemic stroke patients and assess the suitability of using genotyping to guide antiplatelet therapy in a university hospital setup. METHODS: This prospective (2018-2019) study was conducted on 256 patients (age 61 ± 12.5) clinically diagnosed with ischemic stroke who were genotyped using Spartan RX CYP2C19 assay. RESULTS: From the total patient group (256), upon admission, 210 patients were prescribed either aspirin, clopidogrel or dual antiplatelet therapy. Of the 27 patients with the CYP2C19*2 allele who were prescribed clopidogrel (18) or dual antiplatelet therapy (9), only 21 patients could be followed up for a period of six months post stroke event, in addition to 21 age- and sex-matched patients with the normal allele. The CYP2C19*2 allele carriers had a statistically significant increased risk of recurrent stroke compared to patients carrying the normal allele. CONCLUSIONS: This study shows the suitability of using genotyping to guide antiplatelet therapy in ischemic stroke patients in a clinical setting.
Severe, Intolerable Fatigue Associated with Hyperresponse to Clopidogrel.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Clopidogrel is a commonly used antiplatelet agent for the prevention of thromboembolic complications following neuroendovascular procedures, but anecdotal data have raised concern for the possibility that clopidogrel may induce severe, intolerable fatigue. The purpose of this study is to systematically investigate this phenomenon. METHODS: We performed a dual-institution, 9-year, retrospective study of patients undergoing clopidogrel therapy for neuroendovascular procedures. Patients were included only if their response to clopidogrel was assessed by platelet function testing using the VerifyNow P2Y(12) (VNP) assay. Hyperresponse to clopidogrel was defined as P2Y(12) reaction units ≤60. Patients were considered to have had clopidogrel-induced severe fatigue if the onset of symptoms followed the initiation of clopidogrel therapy; symptoms improved following a reduction in the dose of clopidogrel; and symptoms could not be attributed to any other medical explanation. RESULTS: Data were collected on 349 patients. Five patients (1.4%) met criteria for clopidogrel-induced severe fatigue. All 5 patients were female, ages 39-68. VNP assessments obtained while patients were symptomatic revealed hyperresponse to clopidogrel (0-22 P2Y(12) reaction units). Symptoms improved in all 5 patients when the dose of clopidogrel was reduced by half. Notably, 30% of patients (n = 103) demonstrated a hyperresponse to clopidogrel on at least 1 VNP assessment, but 98 of these patients did not suffer from severe fatigue. CONCLUSIONS: A syndrome of severe fatigue and other constitutional symptoms is a rare but clinically significant side effect of hyperresponse to clopidogrel in patients undergoing neuroendovasular intervention.
Impact of new oral or intravenous P2Y12 inhibitors and clopidogrel on major ischemic and bleeding events in patients with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.$$$ OBJECTIVE: New P2Y12 inhibitors can be classified as oral (prasugrel and ticagrelor) and intravenous drugs (cangrelor and elinogrel). These P2Y12 inhibitors might be superior to clopidogrel for reducing ischemic events in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). We performed a meta-analysis of randomized trials that compared new oral or intravenous P2Y12 inhibitors with clopidogrel to determine their efficacy and safety in patients. METHODS AND RESULTS: Twelve randomized, placebo-controlled studies and two subgroup analyses of included studies on ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) were included. The database consisted of 82,784 patients, with 43,875 (53%) on new oral P2Y12 inhibitors and 38909 (47%) on intravenous P2Y12 inhibitors compared with clopidogrel. The primary efficacy endpoint was major adverse cardiac events (MACEs). The primary safety endpoint was thrombolysis in myocardial infarction (TIMI) major bleeding. New oral P2Y12 inhibitors significantly decreased MACEs (odds ratio: 0.85, p<0.0001 for the whole cohort; OR: 0.77, p=0.04 for STEMI) and all-cause death (OR: 0.88, p=0.04 for the whole cohort; OR: 0.77, p=0.01 for STEMI). Among new intravenous P2Y12 inhibitors, only cangrelor significantly decreased the risk of MACEs. An increase in TIMI major bleeding was observed only by prasugrel among the new P2Y12 inhibitors. CONCLUSIONS: New oral P2Y12 inhibitors reduce ischemic events, but there is no obvious increase in major bleeding in patients with CAD, and the risk/benefit ratio is particularly favorable for STEMI patients. Moreover, only cangrelor is beneficial for ischemic events in patients on new intravenous P2Y12 inhibitors.
CYP2C19 polymorphisms and antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel in acute ischemic stroke in China.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Little research regarding genotypes and clopidogrel response related to acute ischemic stroke has been published. This study was conducted to investigate whether the polymorphisms of receptors or enzymes involved in the metabolic process of clopidogrel affect clopidogrel response and prognosis related to acute stroke. METHODS: A total of 259 patients with acute ischemic stroke were enrolled in this study; all received follow-up evaluations 3 and 6 months after clopidogrel treatment. CYP2C19, CYP3A4, and P2Y12 were screened. The adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet aggregation test, the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS), and the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) were used, and blood vascular events were evaluated. RESULTS: The difference before and after clopidogrel treatment on adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet aggregation was significantly smaller in patients carrying 1 or 2 CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles (*2, *3) compared with patients carrying none. Patients with none had better outcomes than patients with CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles, as demonstrated by NIHSS and mRS scores at 3 and 6 months after treatment. Regression analysis showed that CYP2C19 was an independent predictor of clopidogrel resistance. CONCLUSIONS: CYP2C19 genotypes had significant impact on clopidogrel response and prognosis of patients with stroke. Clinical Trial Registration Information- URL: http://www.chictr.org/. Unique Identifier: ChiCTR-OCH-12002681. FAU - Jia, Dong-mei
Clopidogrel response in ischemic stroke patients: Is polymorphism or gender more important? Results of the CRISP study.$$$ Clopidogrel (CLP) is a second generation thienopyridine drug commonly used in secondary prevention of ischemic stroke (IS). Its antiplatelet response maybe variable due to genetic and non-genetic factors. Adipokines may affect platelet aggregation through ADP mediated platelet signalling. However, the combined effect of CYP genetic variants and adipokines on antiplatelet response of clopidogrel is unclear. Patients of IS/Transient ischemic attack (TIAs) within 3 months were prospectively screened following clopidogrel treatment. Major exclusions were cardioembolic and non atherosclerotic strokes. Antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel along with adipokine (Leptin and adiponectin) levels and genotyping of CYP, P2Y12 gene were investigated. Rare genetic variants were confirmed by DNA sequencing. 204 patients with ischemic stroke/TIAs were screened and 163 were recruited. 85 (52.1%) patients were poor responders to clopidogrel. Antiplatelet response to clopidogrel was weaker in females [Median 8.0 (IQR: 3.0-14.0)] compared to males [Median 5.0 (IQR: 2.0-10.0)]. In female subgroup analysis, association was found among high leptin levels and PPI (+) usage in poor responders. None of the genetic variants (CYP2C19*2,*3,*4*, CYP2C9*3, CYP2B6 and P2Y12) were found to influence the antiplatelet effects (p > 0.05). On multivariable logistic regression, a poor clopidogrel response was associated with female gender (Adjusted OR 2.55, 95% CI: 1.05-6.18) and PPI usage (Adjusted OR 2.42, 95% CI: 1.09-5.34). Despite a high prevalence of clopidogrel resistance in the North Indian stroke patients, female gender rather than genetic polymorphisms of CYP and P2Y12 genes may influence its antiplatelet effect. Further research may ascertain the role of gender on clopidogrel response.
Clopidogrel (Plavix), a P2Y12 receptor antagonist, inhibits bone cell function in vitro and decreases trabecular bone in vivo.$$$ Clopidogrel (Plavix), a selective P2Y(12) receptor antagonist, is widely prescribed to reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke and acts via the inhibition of platelet aggregation. Accumulating evidence now suggests that extracellular nucleotides, signaling through P2 receptors, play a significant role in bone, modulating both osteoblast and osteoclast function. In this study, we investigated the effects of clopidogrel treatment on (1) bone cell formation, differentiation, and activity in vitro; and (2) trabecular and cortical bone parameters in vivo. P2Y(12) receptor expression by osteoblasts and osteoclasts was confirmed using qPCR and Western blotting. Clopidogrel at 10 µM and 25 µM inhibited mineralized bone nodule formation by 50% and >85%, respectively. Clopidogrel slowed osteoblast proliferation with dose-dependent decreases in cell number (25% to 40%) evident in differentiating osteoblasts (day 7). A single dose of 10 to 25 µM clopidogrel to mature osteoblasts also reduced cell viability. At 14 days, ≥10 µM clopidogrel decreased alkaline phosphatase (ALP) activity by ≤70% and collagen formation by 40%, while increasing adipocyte formation. In osteoclasts, ≥1 µM clopidogrel inhibited formation, viability and resorptive activity. Twenty-week-old mice (n = 10-12) were ovariectomized or sham treated and dosed orally with clopidogrel (1 mg/kg) or vehicle (NaCl) daily for 4 weeks. Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) analysis showed clopidogrel-treated animals had decreases of 2% and 4% in whole-body and femoral bone mineral density (BMD), respectively. Detailed analysis of trabecular and cortical bone using micro-computed tomography (microCT) showed decreased trabecular bone volume in the tibia (24%) and femur (18%) of clopidogrel-treated mice. Trabecular number was reduced 20%, while trabecular separation was increased up to 15%. Trabecular thickness and cortical bone parameters were unaffected. Combined, these findings indicate that long-term exposure of bone cells to clopidogrel in vivo could negatively impact bone health.
The effect of the CYP 2C19*2 polymorphism on stroke care.$$$ Clopidogrel is an inhibitor of platelet-aggregation used in the prevention of secondary stroke. The molecule is activated by the cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) enzyme. The frequent CYP2C19*2 point mutation causes loss of enzyme function, a decreased (heterozygous form) or blocked (homozygous form) formation of the active molecule. Thus, for a patient harboring a mutated allele, clopidogrel does not provide effective protection against stroke. Multiple drugs inhibit the CYP2C19 enzyme and their simultaneous use with clopidogrel is especially hazardous for patients with genetically decreased enzyme activity. Frequency of the CYP2C19*2 is variable in different populations, highest rates were detected in some Asian groups. In our study the CYP2C19 genotype was determined in one Hungarian sample of 354 stroke patients and 221 healthy controls. Frequency of the minor allele was found to be 12.87% (12.85% in stroke patients, 12.89% in healthy controls). The proportion of the homozygous CYP2C19*2 variant causing total loss of gene function was 1.74%, rate of the heterozygous allele causing reduced enzyme activity was 22.26% in the total population. Our results for the allele frequencies of the CYP2C19*2 gene are similar to those found in other Caucasian populations. In conclusion, the homozygous mutation, causing ineffectiveness of clopidogrel is relatively rare. However, the heterozygous form in which interaction of CYP2C19 inhibitors causes further decrease in the genetically impaired enzyme activity is present in every fifth drug-taking patient. Based on our findings, we would like to emphasize that it is important to adjust individually antiplatelet treatment in ischemic stroke patients and to take into consideration genetic factors as well as drugs taken for comorbid conditions. FAU - Nyírő, G
ABCD-GENE Score and Clinical Outcomes Following Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: Insights from the TAILOR-PCI Trial.$$$ Background In TAILOR-PCI, genotype-guided selection of P2Y(12) inhibitors after percutaneous coronary intervention did not significantly reduce the risk of ischemic events at 12 months. The Age, Body Mass Index, Chronic Kidney Disease, Diabetes, and Genotyping (ABCD-GENE) score identifies patients with high platelet reactivity on clopidogrel at increased risk of ischemic events. The aim of this study was to investigate the value of the ABCD-GENE score for tailoring P2Y(12) inhibitor selection after percutaneous coronary intervention. Methods and Results In a post hoc analysis of the TAILOR-PCI, outcomes were analyzed by ABCD-GENE score and allocation to genotype-guided or conventional P2Y(12) inhibitor selection. Primary (death, myocardial infarction, or stroke) and secondary (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, or severe recurrent ischemia) outcomes were assessed. Among 3883 patients discharged on clopidogrel in the genotype-guided and conventional therapy groups, 15.8% and 84.2% had high (≥10 points) or low (<10) ABCD-GENE scores, respectively. At 12 months, both the primary (5.2% versus 2.6%, P<0.001) and secondary outcomes (7.7% versus 4.6%, P=0.001) were significantly increased in patients with high ABCD-GENE score. Among 4714 patients allocated to genotype-guided or conventional therapy, the former did not significantly reduce the 12-month risk of the primary and secondary outcomes in both the high and low ABCD-GENE score groups (p(interaction)=0.48 and 0.27, respectively). Conclusions Among patients with percutaneous coronary intervention on clopidogrel, the ABCD-GENE score was helpful in identifying those at higher risk. The ABCD-GENE score may potentially enhance the precision of tailored selection of P2Y(12) inhibitors, which needs to be confirmed in prospective investigations. Clinical Trial Registration URL: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique Identifier: NCT01742117. FAU - Capodanno, Davide
High on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity in ischaemic stroke or transient ischaemic attack: Systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To assess the prevalence of high on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity (HCPR) in patients with ischaemic stroke or transient ischaemic attack (IS/TIA), their outcome and genetic basis of on-treatment response variability in IS/TIA patients. METHODS: We conducted a comprehensive search of PubMed and EMBASE from their inceptions to March 9, 2019. Studies that reported absolute numbers/percentages of HCRP at any time point after IS/TIA onset evaluated with any type of platelet function tests, clinical outcomes and genotyping data were included. RESULTS: Among 21 studies of 4312 IS/TIA patients treated with clopidogrel, the pooled prevalence of HCPR was 28% (95%CI: 24-32%; high heterogeneity: I(2) = 88.2%, p < 0.001). Heterogeneity degree diminished across groups defined by the HCPR testing method. Clopidogrel non-responder IS/TIA patients had poorer outcome compared to responders (RR = 2.09, 95%CI: 1.61-2.70; p = 0.036; low heterogeneity across studies: I(2) = 27.4%, p = 0.210). IS/TIA carriers of CYP2C19*2 or CYP2C19*3 loss of function alleles had a higher risk of HCPR compared to wild type (RR = 1.69, 95%CI: 1.47-1.95; p < 0.001; I(2) = 0.01%, p = 0.475). CONCLUSIONS: This systematic review shows a high prevalence of clopidogrel resistance in IS/TIA and poor outcome in these patients. CYP2C19 polymorphisms may potentially influence clopidogrel resistance.
Aspirin platelet reactivity on platelet function and clinical outcome in minor stroke or transient ischemic attack.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Whether aspirin platelet reactivity affects platelet function and clinical outcomes with different antiplatelet therapies in patients with mild stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA) remains unclear. We conducted a subgroup analysis of the PRINCE trial. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Patients with mild stroke or TIA were randomized into aspirin+ticagrelor, or aspirin+clopidogrel groups; aspirin reaction units (ARU) were measured at the baseline and after 7 ± 2 days to assess response to treatment. High on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR) was defined as ≥550 ARU (poor response to aspirin). The platelet functions of ticagrelor and clopidogrel were measured using the VerifyNow P2Y(12) assay for P2Y(12) reaction units (PRU); HPR to P2Y(12) was defined as >208 PRU (poor response to P2Y(12)). Clinical outcomes included stroke and clinical vascular and bleeding events after 90 days. RESULTS: Among 628 enrolled patients, 69 (11%) were poor aspirin responders. After 7 ± 2 days, the proportion of poor P2Y(12) responders for ticagrelor versus clopidogrel significantly reduced in poor (2.6% versus 27.4%) and good (14.3% versus 29.4%) aspirin responders. There were significant interactions between treatment groups, and between treatment groups and aspirin platelet reactivity for poor P2Y(12) responders (P = 0.01). After 90 ± 7 days, there were no significant interactions between treatment groups and aspirin platelet reactivity for new stroke risk (good aspirin responders: 5.5% versus 8.8%, hazard ratio [HR]: 0.61; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.32 to 1.16; P = 0.13; poor aspirin responders: 8.6% versus 8.8%, HR: 0.97, 95% CI: 0.20-4.81; P = 0.97; P for interaction = 0.60). Major bleeding was less frequent in poor than good aspirin responders (ticagrelor/aspirin: 0.4%/0%; clopidogrel/aspirin: 1.4%/0%). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with minor stroke or TIA, clopidogrel, and particularly ticagrelor, decreased platelet function in poor versus good aspirin responders. The poor platelet reactivity of aspirin could not sufficiently reduce the risk of recurrent stroke with ticagrelor or clopidogrel; however, HPR (poor aspirin response) may have a protective effect on clinically relevant major bleeding.
Effect of CYP2C19 genetic polymorphism on the pharmacodynamics and clinical outcomes for patients treated with ticagrelor: a systematic review with qualitative and quantitative meta-analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Studies show inconsistent results regarding the impact of CYP2C19 genotype on the pharmacodynamics (PD) and clinical outcomes of ticagrelor. With the implementation of genotype-guided individualized antiplatelet therapy, the association between CYP2C19 polymorphism and the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor for patients is still worthy of exploring and studying. METHODS: This systematic review protocol has been registered in the PROSPERO network (No. CRD 42020158920). Electronic databases of PubMed, EmBase, and the Cochrane Library were systematically searched from inception to January 6th, 2022 to select studies investigating the impact of CYP2C19 genotype on PD and clinical outcomes of ticagrelor. The results were presented as odds ratio (OR) or weight mean difference with its 95% confidence interval (CI) by using the random-effects model. Trial sequential analysis (TSA) was used to control risk of random errors and detect the robustness of outcomes. RESULTS: Eight studies recruited a total of 6405 patients treated with ticagrelor. Mostly trials reported no significant effect of any or no CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) allele (*2 or *3) on all the endpoints. Compared with no LOF allele carriers, subgroup analysis suggested any LOF allele in Asian patients was associated with a significant decreased risk of bleeding events (OR: 0.41; 95% CI: 0.22-0.75; P = 0.004). Furthermore, any LOF allele carriers didn't yield any impact on the risk of MACEs (OR: 1.11; 95% CI: 0.76-1.64; P = 0.586), stroke (OR: 1.71; 95% CI: 0.99-2.96; P = 0.054), definite stent thrombosis (OR: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.17-4.60; P = 0.882), bleeding (OR: 0.63; 95% CI: 0.27-1.46; P = 0.281), myocardial infarction (OR: 0.81; 95% CI: 0.30-2.20; P = 0.682), and revascularization (OR: 0.81; 95% CI: 0.33-2.00; P = 0.649) in all patients. The results of TSA were indicated that more further trials would be required. CONCLUSIONS: This qualitative and quantitative study suggested Asian patients carrying any CYP2C19 LOF allele might have a lower risk of bleeding events comparing with no LOF allele carriers when treated with ticagrelor. However, we did not prove an important role of CYP2C19 genotype on the risk of PD and clinical endpoints in the whole cohort. In future, more large-scale prospective studies and more different ethnic populations should be included.
Purinergic receptor P2RY12-dependent microglial closure of the injured blood-brain barrier.$$$ Microglia are integral functional elements of the central nervous system, but the contribution of these cells to the structural integrity of the neurovascular unit has not hitherto been assessed. We show here that following blood-brain barrier (BBB) breakdown, P2RY12 (purinergic receptor P2Y, G-protein coupled, 12)-mediated chemotaxis of microglia processes is required for the rapid closure of the BBB. Mice treated with the P2RY12 inhibitor clopidogrel, as well as those in which P2RY12 was genetically ablated, exhibited significantly diminished movement of juxtavascular microglial processes and failed to close laser-induced openings of the BBB. Thus, microglial cells play a previously unrecognized protective role in the maintenance of BBB integrity following cerebrovascular damage. Because clopidogrel antagonizes the platelet P2Y12 receptor, it is widely prescribed for patients with coronary artery and cerebrovascular disease. As such, these observations suggest the need for caution in the postincident continuation of P2RY12-targeted platelet inhibition. FAU - Lou, Nanhong
Cost-effectiveness of CYP2C19-guided P2Y12 inhibitors in Veterans undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention for acute coronary syndromes.$$$ AIMS: CYP2C19-guided P2Y12 inhibitor selection can reduce cardiovascular (CV) events and bleeding in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACSs) post-percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). The 12-month cost-effectiveness of CYP2C19-guided P2Y12 inhibitor selection for Veterans post-ACS/PCI was evaluated from the Veterans Health Administration's (VHA) perspective. METHODS AND RESULTS: Using average annualized PCI volumes and P2Y12 inhibitor use from VA data, a decision-analytic model simulated CYP2C19 testing vs. no testing outcomes in 2800 hypothetical Veterans receiving PY212 inhibitor for 12 months post-ACS/PCI (74% clopidogrel, 5% prasugrel, and 21% ticagrelor use at baseline without testing). CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) carrier prevalence was 28%. Model inputs were from studies (bleeding/ischaemic events, CYP2C19-guided therapy effect, health state utilities, CYP2C19 LOF carrier prevalence) and VHA administrative data (costs of events, drugs, CYP2C19 testing; PCI volumes, and P2Y12 inhibitor prescriptions). The primary outcome was cost (2020 US${\$}$) per quality-adjusted life year (QALY) gained. Base-case scenarios, probabilistic sensitivity analyses, and scenario analyses were completed. CYP2C19-guided therapy resulted in 496 (24%) escalations (clopidogrel to prasugrel/ticagrelor) and 465 (65%) de-escalations (prasugrel/ticagrelor to clopidogrel). CYP2C19 testing averted 1 stroke, 27 myocardial infarctions, 8 CV-related deaths, and caused 3 bleeds. CYP2C19 testing (vs. no testing) was dominant in the base-case scenario (0.0027 QALYs gained, ${\$}$527 saved/person) and in 97.1% of simulations, making it cost-effective and high-value. In scenario analyses, de-escalation in conjunction with escalation is required for CYP2C19 testing to be cost-effective and high-value. CONCLUSION: In Veterans post-ACS/PCI, CYP2C19-guided P2Y12 inhibitor selection can improve CV outcomes and lower costs for the VHA within 12 months of implementation.
Prasugrel in the treatment of acute coronary syndrome.$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy is the mainstay therapy in patients with acute coronary syndrome. The combination of aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor in patients who receive a coronary stent reduces the rate of stent thrombosis and the rates of major adverse cardiovascular events. The newer P2Y12 inhibitors (prasugrel and ticagrelor) have better efficacy than clopidogrel. Prasugrel provides greater inhibition of platelet aggregation and has a rapid onset of action. Current acute coronary syndrome guidelines recommend the use of both newer P2Y12 inhibitors. However, emerging data have shown that prasugrel is more efficient than ticagrelor in reducing the incidence of nonfatal myocardial infarction, stroke or cardiovascular death, without increased risk of major bleeding. FAU - Spartalis, Michael
METTL3-mediated methylation of CYP2C19 mRNA may aggravate clopidogrel resistance in ischemic stroke patients.$$$ BACKGROUND: N6-methyladenosine (m(6)A) is the most frequently occurring interior modification in eukaryotic messenger RNA (mRNA), and abnormal mRNA modifications can affect many biological processes. However, m(6)A's effect on the metabolism of antiplatelet drugs for the prevention of ischemic stroke (IS) remains largely unclear. METHODS: We analyzed the m(6)A enzymes and m(6)A methylation in peripheral blood samples of IS patients with/without clopidogrel resistance (CR), and the peripheral blood and liver of rat models with/without CR. We also compared the effect of m(6)A methylation on the expression of the drug-metabolizing enzymes (CYP2C19 and CYP2C6v1) in CR and non-CR samples. RESULTS: Methyltransferase-like 3 (METTL3), an m(6)A enzyme, was highly expressed in the peripheral blood of patients with CR, and in both the peripheral blood and liver of rats with CR. This enzyme targets CYP2C19 or CYP2C6v1 mRNA through m(6)A methylation, resulting in low expression of CYP2C19 or CYP2C6v1 mRNA. Consequently, this leads to decreased clopidogrel metabolism and CR. CONCLUSION: The METTL3-mediated methylation of CYP2C19 mRNA may aggravate CR in IS patients.
Efficacy of Clopidogrel-Aspirin Therapy for Stroke Does Not Exist in CYP2C19 Loss-of-Function Allele Noncarriers With Overweight/Obesity.$$$ Background and Purpose- The role of dual-antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel plus aspirin has been demonstrated to substantially decrease the risk of recurrent stroke among patients with minor stroke and transient ischemic attack. We aimed to determine whether the efficacy of clopidogrel-aspirin therapy among patients with minor stroke / transient ischemic attack was influenced by the stratification of CYP2C19 genotype and body mass index (BMI). Methods- CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele (LoFA) carriers were defined as patients with either LoFA of *2 or *3. Low/normal weight and overweight/obesity was defined as BMI <25 and ≥25 kg/m(2), respectively. Primary outcome was defined as stroke recurrence at 3 months. Results- In a total of 2933 patients, there were 1726 (58.8%) LoFA carriers and 1275 (43.5%) patients with overweight/obesity (BMI ≥25 kg/m(2)). Stratified analyses by LoFA carrying status and BMI, hazard ratios (hazard ratios 95% CIs) of the clopidogrel-aspirin therapy for stroke recurrence were 0.90 (0.60-1.36), 0.87 (0.56-1.35), 0.65 (0.39-1.09), and 0.40 (0.22-0.71) among subgroups of LoFA carriers with overweight/obesity, LoFA carriers with low/normal weight, LoFA noncarriers with overweight/obesity, and LoFA noncarriers with low/normal weight, respectively, with P=0.049 for interaction. Conclusions- Efficacy of clopidogrel-aspirin therapy in reducing the risk of stroke recurrence is not present in CYP2C19 LoFA noncarriers with overweight/obesity. Our study suggests that BMI significantly influences the correlation between CYP2C19 genotype and efficacy of clopidogrel-aspirin therapy. Clinical Trial Registration- URL: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT00979589. FAU - Mo, Jinglin
Association of CYP2C19 Polymorphisms With Clopidogrel Reactivity and Clinical Outcomes in Chronic Ischemic Stroke.$$$ BACKGROUND: CYP2C19variants are associated with the antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel against recurrent cardiovascular events. However, it remains unknown whether the elapsed time from stroke onset affects the relationship between the genetic variants and such events. To address this, we conducted a prospective cohort study to determine the effect ofCYP2C19variants on clinical outcomes in the chronic phase.Methods and Results:In total, 518 Japanese non-acute stroke patients treated with clopidogrel were registered at 14 institutions. Patients were classified into 3 clopidogrel-metabolizing groups according toCYP2C19genotype: extensive metabolizer (EM:*1/*1), intermediate metabolizer (IM:*1/*2or*1/*3), and poor metabolizer (PM:*2/*2,*2/*3, or*3/*3). Antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel were assessed by adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-induced platelet aggregation and vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) phosphorylation. The endpoint was composite cerebrocardiovascular events (CVEs). In 501 successfully followed-up patients, the median time from index stroke to enrollment was 181 days. There were 28 cardiovascular and 2 major bleeding events. There were no significant differences in the rates of cardiovascular events among the groups. CONCLUSIONS: Despite associations betweenCYP2C19variants and on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity, there was no significant difference in rates of CVEs in the chronic stroke phase among the 3 clopidogrel-metabolizing groups ofCYP2C19variants. FAU - Tanaka, Tomotaka
P2Y12 Receptor Antagonist, Clopidogrel, Does Not Contribute to Risk of Osteoporotic Fractures in Stroke Patients.$$$ Background: Stroke is a leading cause of mortality and morbidity. It is associated with excessive bone loss and risk of fracture in stroke patients is high. The P2Y12R antagonist and platelet inhibitor, clopidogrel, is widely used for secondary prevention after a stroke. However, recent studies have shown that clopidogrel has negative effects on bone and that long-term clopidogrel use is associated with increased fracture risk. The purpose of the current study was therefore to investigate the association of clopidogrel treatment with risk of fractures in stroke and TIA patients. Methods: The study was a cohort study including all subjects who were prescribed clopidogrel between 1996 and 2008 in Denmark (n = 77,503). Age- and gender matched controls (n = 232,510) were randomly selected from the background population. The study end-points were occurrence of stroke or TIA and occurrence of fracture. Clopidogrel use was primary exposure. Results: Ischemic stroke increased risk of fracture by 50% while haemorrhagic stroke and TIA increased the risk by 30%. However, after adjusting for multiple confounders only patients with ischemic stroke and haemorrhagic stroke had increased fracture risk. Clopidogrel use was not associated with increased fracture risk in subjects with ischaemic stroke or TIA. In contrast, after adjusting for multiple confounders clopidogrel treatment was associated with a 10-35% reduced risk of fracture. Conclusion: Patients with stroke have increased risk of osteoporotic fractures, but clopidogrel treatment does not increase fracture risk. In contrast, patients less adherent to the treatment have lower risk of fractures than non-users and patients with high adherence. However, based on the increased risk in stroke patients, clinicians should consider evaluation of bone status of these patients. FAU - Jørgensen, Niklas R
Clopidogrel preventive effect based on cytochrome P450 2C19 genotype in ischaemic stroke: protocol for multicentre observational study.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet agent that is widely used for the secondary prevention of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events. The genotype of cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) differentially affects the liver's metabolism of clopidogrel, which may influence the drug's response and efficacy for cardiovascular event prevention. In contrast to prior studies of patients with coronary artery diseases, little is known about whether the CYP2C19 genotype influences the preventive efficacy of clopidogrel in patients who had a stroke. We hypothesise that, among patients who had an acute ischaemic stroke who are prescribed clopidogrel, the patients with a loss-of-function CYP2C19 genotype (poor and intermediate metabolisers) may be at a higher risk of composite cardiovascular events than those who are non-carriers (extensive metabolisers). METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This prospective observational multicentre study was designed to determine whether composite cardiovascular events would differ among patients who had an ischaemic stroke prescribed clopidogrel according to CYP2C19 genotype (poor or intermediate vs extensive metabolisers). Inclusion criteria were patients who had an acute ischaemic stroke who underwent CYP2C19 genotype evaluation and received clopidogrel within 72 hours of stroke onset. The primary outcome is composite cardiovascular events (stroke, myocardial infarction, or cardiovascular death) within 6 months after acute ischaemic stroke between patients categorised as poor or intermediate metabolisers and those categorised as extensive metabolisers according to their CYP2C19 genotype. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: The Institutional Review Board of Severance Hospital, Yonsei University College of Medicine approved this study (3-2019-0195). We received study approval from the institutional review board of each participating hospital. We plan to disseminate our findings at relevant conferences and meetings and through peer-reviewed journals. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT04072705.
Clinical efficacy of clopidogrel and ticagrelor in patients undergoing off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting: a retrospective cohort study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Ticagrelor is reportedly more effective than clopidogrel in preventing atherothrombotic events in patients with percutaneous coronary intervention. However, the optimal antiplatelet therapy strategy after off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting (OPCABG) is yet to be established. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This study was performed using the prospectively-maintained database at our institution. Patients who underwent OPCABG were divided into the clopidogrel and the ticagrelor groups. Propensity score matching analysis was performed between the two groups. The clinical outcome was the occurrence of major adverse cardiovascular event (MACE), defined as a composite of vascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke 1-year after surgery. RESULTS: In total, 545 patients completed the entire follow-up assessment. After propensity score matching, 232 patients each were included in the clopidogrel and ticagrelor groups. The primary outcome occurred in 7.8 and 4.3% of patients in the clopidogrel and ticagrelor groups, respectively ( P =0.113). CYP2C19 variants (*2, *3, and *17) did not impact the clinical outcomes, regardless of the use of clopidogrel or ticagrelor. The rates of MACE were significantly lower in patients carrying the ABCB1 C3435T CT/TT genotypes in the ticagrelor group than in those carrying the ABCB1 C3435T CC genotype in the clopidogrel group (1.4 vs. 9.1%, adjusted P =0.030), as well as those carrying the ABCB1 C3435T CC genotype in the ticagrelor group (1.4 vs. 8.9%, adjusted P =0.036). The ABCB1 C3435T CC genotype was significantly associated with the incidence of 1-year MACE (HR=1.558, 95% CI: 1.109-2.188, P =0.011). Patients who experienced severe perioperative bleeding exhibited a significantly higher incidence of MACE than those who did not experience severe perioperative bleeding (14.0 vs. 4.9%, adjusted P =0.007). CONCLUSION: There was no significant difference in the 1-year MACE between patients receiving clopidogrel and those receiving ticagrelor after OPCABG. Notably, The ABCB1 C3435T CC genotype was related to a higher risk of MACE.
Efficacy and Safety of Ticagrelor versus Aspirin and Clopidogrel for Stroke Prevention in Patients with Vascular Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Currently, it is still controversial to treat stroke with ticagrelor alone. The purpose of our study was to systematically review and analyze the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor on cerebrovascular outcomes in patients with vascular risk factors. METHODS: The PubMed, Cochrane Library, and Embase databases were systematically searched using the keywords stroke, ticagrelor, clopidogrel, and aspirin to identify randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Primary outcomes included reported stroke, ischemic stroke, and complex events; the secondary outcome was hemorrhagic stroke. The safety outcomes included major bleeding events, major or minor bleeding, and intracranial bleeding. The pooled odds ratio (OR), hazard ratios (HRs), and 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated. We used I2 statistics to assess statistical heterogeneity. RESULTS: This meta-analysis included 15 RCTs involving 63,865 patients. Compared to the control group, ticagrelor reduced the risk of stroke (OR: 0.90; 95% CI: 0.81-0.99, p = 0.03; I2 = 3%), ischemic stroke (OR: 0.81; 95% CI: 0.74-0.90, p &lt; 0.0001; I2 = 0%). Ticagrelor was not associated with an increased risk of all-cause mortality (OR: 0.94; 95% CI: 0.84-1.06, p = 0.31; I2 = 62%), major bleeding (OR: 1.06; 95% CI: 0.97-1.15, p = 0.20; I2 = 17%), hemorrhagic strokes (OR: 1.22, 95% CI: 0.76-1.96, p = 0.41; I2 = 0%), and intracranial hemorrhage (OR: 1.06; 95% CI: 0.78-1.43, p = 0.71; I2 = 12%). There was an increased risk of major or minor bleeding with ticagrelor compared to the control group (OR: 1.40; 95% CI: 1.19-1.66, p &lt; 0.0001; I2 = 56%). Additional analyses demonstrated that ticagrelor reduced the risk of incident recurrent stroke (HR: 0.83; 95% CI: 0.75-0.93, p = 0.0009; I2 = 0%), recurrent ischemic stroke (HR: 0.79; 95% CI: 0.71-0.89, p &lt; 0.0001; I2 = 0%) among patients with a history of acute ischemic stroke (AIS) or transient ischemic attack (TIA). There were no significant differences in safety outcomes. CONCLUSION: Ticagrelor is slightly better than clopidogrel and aspirin in preventing stroke, especially ischemic stroke, with significant safety risks. For patients with a history of AIS/TIA, the use of ticagrelor was superior to the use of clopidogrel or aspirin in reducing the risk of subsequent stroke. We believe that ticagrelor is a potential alternative to aspirin or clopidogrel in some cases, especially for patients with CYP2C19 deficiency.
Factors associated with clopidogrel resistance and clinical outcomes in ischemic cerebrovascular disease: A retrospective study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Clopidogrel resistance may lead to the recurrence of cerebrovascular diseases. We aimed to identify potential factors associated with clopidogrel resistance and evaluate the clinical outcomes of the patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this retrospective study, patients with ischemic cerebrovascular disease treated with clopidogrel were included and classified into 2 groups according to the adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-induced platelet aggregation. Patients with the ADP inhibition rate of <30 % were included in clopidogrel resistance group, otherwise were included in clopidogrel sensitive group. CYP2C19 genotype and other clinical data were analyzed to identify factors and clinical features in the multivariate analysis. The outcomes were vascular events in 6 months. RESULTS: In total, 139 patients were enrolled with 81 (58.27 %) in clopidogrel sensitive group and 58 (41.73 %) in clopidogrel resistance group. Female and CYP2C19 *2*3 carrying were risk factors for clopidogrel resistance, and female was an independent risk factor (OR 2.481, 95 % CI 1.066-5.771, P=0.035). The clopidogrel resistance group showed a higher use rate of argatroban (P=0.030) and a lower arachidonic acid-induced inhibition of platelet aggregation (P=0.036). Clopidogrel resistance was related to the progressing stroke (HR 3.521, 95 % CI 1.352-9.170, P=0.010), but had no influence on the bleeding events (P>0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The risk of clopidogrel resistance increased significantly in female patients. Patients with clopidogrel resistance may have an increased incidence of stroke progression in the acute phase.
Platelet Reactivity and Risk of Ischemic Stroke After Coronary Drug-Eluting Stent Implantation: From the ADAPT-DES Study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The authors sought to investigate the association between P2Y(12) reaction units (PRU) and the risk of ischemic stroke (IS) after successful coronary drug-eluting stents (DES) implantation. BACKGROUND: The association between platelet reactivity on clopidogrel and the risk for ischemic cerebrovascular events remains unclear. METHODS: Incidence, predictors, and prognostic impact of IS were evaluated among patients enrolled in the multicenter, prospective ADAPT-DES (Assessment of Dual AntiPlatelet Therapy With Drug Eluting Stents) study. By protocol, patients were maintained on aspirin for 2 years and clopidogrel for at least 1 year. Baseline platelet reactivity on clopidogrel and aspirin were assessed by means of VerifyNow point-of-care assay after successful DES implantation. RESULTS: Among 8,582 patients enrolled, 68 (0.8%) had an IS during 2-year follow-up. Across the spectrum of PRU, rates of IS were progressively greater as patients transitioned from the lowest quintile of PRU (more P2Y(12) receptor inhibition; 2-year rate of 0.51%) to the highest quintile of PRU (less P2Y(12) receptor inhibition; 2-year rate of 1.34%; adjusted p = 0.04). PRU >208 was independently associated with higher risk of IS at 2 years (adjusted hazard ratio 1.81; 95% confidence interval 1.08 to 3.04; p = 0.03). The association between higher PRU and risk for IS was also consistent in patients with versus without high CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc score (p(interaction) = 0.30) and in those on or off oral anticoagulation at discharge (p(interaction) = 0.99). Occurrence of IS was strongly associated with increased risk of all-cause mortality at 2 years (adjusted HR: 4.16; 95% CI: 1.95 to 8.87; p < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Higher PRU was associated with increased risk of IS after coronary DES implantation. Ensuring adequate platelet P2Y(12) receptor inhibition may reduce the risk of IS in this patient population. (Assessment of Dual AntiPlatelet Therapy With Drug Eluting Stents [ADAPT-DES]; NCT00638794).
Relationship between recurrent ischemic events in cerebrovascular disease and cytochrome P450 2C19 gene polymorphism on the basis of thrombelastography.$$$ BACKGROUND: Recurrent ischemic events in cerebrovascular disease present a difficult problem in clinical practice. The predictive value of cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) gene polymorphism and high platelet reactivity for recurrent ischemic events in cerebrovascular disease is not clear. METHODS: A total of 295 patients with acute ischemic cerebrovascular disease admitted to the cerebrovascular disease center of Northern Theater General Hospital between January 1, 2020 and February 2, 2021 were enrolled in this study. Thrombelastography (TEG) was used to detect platelet reactivity and CYP2C19 gene polymorphism. RESULTS: Among the 118 noncarriers, 97 had normal platelet reactivity and 21 had high platelet reactivity. Of the 177 carriers, 120 showed normal platelet reactivity and 57 showed high platelet reactivity. The area under the curve (AUC) of CYP2C19 gene polymorphism in predicting recurrent ischemic events was 0.66. The regression coefficients of hypertension, stroke history, carriers, and high platelet reactivity with recurrent ischemic events were 0.341, 0.402, 0.358, and 0.281, respectively, with significant positive correlation (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Hypertension, stroke history, carriers, and high platelet reactivity are all independent risk factors for recurrent ischemic events. CYP2C19 gene polymorphism and high platelet reactivity can be used as effective predictors of recurrent ischemic events in clinical cerebrovascular disease. FAU - Liu, Jiaming
Antiplatelet Therapy Aims and Strategies in Asian Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome or Stable Coronary Artery Disease. LID - 10.3390/jcm11247440 [doi] LID - 7440$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) has been the mainstay treatment to reduce ischemic events, such as myocardial infarction or stroke, in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). The development of potent P2Y(12) inhibitors (ticagrelor and prasugrel) has helped to further reduce ischemic events, particularly among high-risk patients. Meanwhile, the evolution of newer generations of drug-eluting stents are also improving outcomes of percutaneous coronary intervention. Research studies on antiplatelet therapy in recent years have focused on balancing ischemic and bleeding risks through different strategies, which include P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy, escalation and de-escalation, and extended DAPT. Because results from the large number of clinical studies may sometimes appear conflicting, this review aims to summarize recent advances, and demonstrate that they are aligned by a general principle, namely, strategies may be adopted based on treatment aims for specific patients at several time points. Another aim of this review is to outline the important considerations for using antiplatelet therapy in Asian patients, in whom there is a greater prevalence of CYP2C19 loss-of-function mutations, and a common increased risk of bleeding, despite high platelet reactivity (the so-called "East Asian Paradox"). FAU - Tam, Chor-Cheung
Is there a Role for Oral Triple Therapy in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndromes Without Atrial Fibrillation?$$$ BACKGROUND: Acute Coronary Syndrome (ACS) patients, despite treatment with Dual Anti- Platelet Therapy (DAPT), have up to 10% risk of recurrent Major Adverse Cardiac Events (MACE) in the short term. METHODS: Here we review studies using more potent antithrombotic agent combinations to reduce this risk, namely Triple Therapy (TT) with the addition of an oral anticoagulant, PAR-1 antagonist, or cilostazol to DAPT (mainly aspirin and clopidogrel), and discuss the limitations of trials to date. RESULTS: Generally speaking, TT leads to an increase in bleeding. Vorapaxar showed a signal for reducing ischaemic events, but increased intracranial haemorrhage 3-fold in the subacute phase of ACS, although remains an option for secondary prevention beyond the immediate subacute phase, particularly if prasugrel or ticagrelor are not available. Non-Vitamin K Oral Anticoagulants (NOACs) all increased bleeding, with only modest reduction in MACE noted with low dose rivaroxaban. Rivaroxaban can be considered combined with aspirin and clopidogrel in ACS patients at high ischaemic and low bleeding risk, without prior stroke/TIA. The combination of P2Y12 inhibitor and NOAC, without aspirin, looks promising. DAPT may be replaced, not by TT, but by dual therapy comprising a NOAC with a P2Y12 inhibitor. CONCLUSION: More potent antithrombotic regimens increase bleeding and should only be considered on an individual basis, after careful risk stratification. Accurate risk stratification of ACS patients, for both ischaemic and bleeding risk, is essential to allow individualised treatment.
Association between platelet function and recurrent ischemic vascular events after TIA and minor stroke .$$$ Platelet activation and aggregation play an important role in the pathological and physiological processes of recurrent ischemic vascular events in stroke patients. The purpose of this study is to determine the association between platelet function measured in the acute period and recurrent ischemic vascular events in patients with transient ischemic attack (TIA) or minor stroke. A total of 417 patients who were within the 24-hour period of clopidogrel-aspirin therapy after onset of a minor stroke or high-risk transient ischemic attack according to the Clopidogrel in High-risk patients with Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events (CHANCE) trial were included in this study. The platelet aggregation ratio was detected using a method of continuous platelet counting; patients underwent CYP2C19 genotyping, and the baseline data were recorded. The patients underwent a 6-month follow-up period during which the recurrent ischemic vascular events were observed. Logistic regression analysis was performed to obtain the risk factors for recurrent ischemic vascular events. The number of patients with recurrent ischemic events who had an arachidonic acid-induced maximum platelet aggregation ratio (MAR-AA) (aspirin 100 mg) (31.85 ± 12.86 vs. 26.71 ± 12.44, p = 0.007) and adenosine diphosphate-induced maximum platelet aggregation ratio (MAR-ADP) after the administration of 75 mg clopidogrel for 12 ± 2 days (65.82 ± 10.72 vs. 53.10 ± 12.98, p < 0.001) was significantly higher compared with the no ischemic vascular event group. Multivariate logistic regression analyses showed that being a carrier of the CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) allele (OR = 2.308, 95% CI: 1.087 ~ 4.901, p = 0.029) as well as the MAR-AA (aspirin 100 mg) (OR = 1.028, 95% CI: 1.006  ~  1.052, p = 0.014) and MAR-ADP after the administration of 75 mg clopidogrel (OR = 1.067, 95% CI: 1.037 ~ 1.095, p < 0.001) were risk factors for ischemic vascular events. The MAR-ADP after the administration of 75 mg clopidogrel was significantly higher in patients who were carriers of the CYP2C19 (LOF) allele compared with non-carriers (57.53 ± 13.32 vs. 50.86 ± 12.55, p < 0.001), and no significant differences between the CYP2C19 LOF allele carriers and non-carriers in the MAR-ADP were detected after the administration of 300 mg clopidogrel (37.18 ± 11.36 vs. 35.86 ± 12.49, p = 0.264). Being a carrier of the CYP2C19 LOF allele has a significant influence on clopidogrel response. Platelet function is closely related to recurrent ischemic vascular events in acute minor stroke or TIA patients. . FAU - Zhang, Jinbiao
Genetic polymorphisms and drug interactions leading to clopidogrel resistance: why the Asian population requires special attention.$$$ Ischemic heart disease and stroke are the two leading causes of death worldwide. Antiplatelet therapy plays the most significant role in the management of these cardiovascular and cerebrovascular occlusive events to prevent recurrent ischemic attack. Clopidogrel, an antiplatelet drug, is widely prescribed either alone or in combination with aspirin as dual antiplatelet therapy for the prevention of vascular occlusive events. The antiplatelet response to clopidogrel varies widely. Hyporesponders and nonresponders are likely to have adverse cardiovascular events during follow-up. Some drugs, such as proton pump inhibitors (omeprazole), calcium channel blockers, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (nefazadone), coumarin derivatives (phenprocoumon), benzodiazepines, sulfonylurea, erythromycin, and itraconazole, decrease the antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel when administered concomitantly. Decreased response to clopidogrel is common among Asians due to genetic polymorphisms associated with clopidogrel resistance, and it is nearly 70% in some of the Asian communities. It is necessary to study Asian populations, because there are a large number of Asians throughout the world due to increased migration. Current guidelines do not make genetic testing or platelet response testing mandatory prior to clopidogrel prescription. Therefore, it is important for clinicians treating Asian patients to keep in mind the interindividual variability in response to clopidogrel when prescribing the drug. FAU - Hasan, Md Shariful
CYP2C9 Polymorphisms and the Risk of Cardiovascular Events in Patients Treated with Clopidogrel: Combined Data from the POPular Genetics and POPular AGE Trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: The cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C9 enzyme plays a role in the metabolization of clopidogrel. Carriage of a CYP2C9 loss-of-function (LoF) allele has been associated with attenuated pharmacokinetics, leading to a diminished pharmacodynamic response and increased risk for developing stent thrombosis in patients treated with clopidogrel. METHODS: In this study, we aimed to determine the effect of the CYP2C9*2 and *3 LoF alleles on thrombotic events. Therefore, a post hoc analysis was performed in 878 patients with available CYP2C9 genotype status included in the POPular Genetics and POPular Age trials, which enrolled patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction and non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction, respectively. The primary thrombotic outcome was a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction or stroke. RESULTS: A total of 526 (60%) patients were CYP2C9 LoF allele noncarriers and 352 (40%) were CYP2C9 LoF allele (*2 or *3) carriers. After correction for differences in baseline characteristics, there were no significant differences between CYP2C9 LoF allele carriers and noncarriers for the combined thrombotic outcome (6.3% vs. 5.9%, hazard ratio 1.16 [0.67-2.0], p = 0.60), or the individual thrombotic outcomes. Moreover, no differences were seen in the event rates for clinically relevant bleeding (Bleeding Academic Research Consortium [BARC] 2-5 bleeding) as well as major bleeding (BARC 3 or 5 bleeding). CONCLUSIONS: Carriers of a CYP2C9 *2 or *3 LoF allele presenting with acute coronary syndrome and treated with clopidogrel did not have an increased risk for thrombotic events compared with noncarriers. Given the limited number of poor metabolizers, no firm conclusions could be drawn with regard to the thrombotic risk for patients carrying two CYP2C9 LoF alleles.
Effect of Genotype-Guided Oral P2Y12 Inhibitor Selection After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Clinical Trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel is the most frequently used P2Y12 inhibitor as a component of the dual antiplatelet regimen in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Prior studies have shown the variable efficacy of clopidogrel due to genotypic differences in the CYP2C19 enzyme function, which converts clopidogrel to its active metabolite. The aim of this meta-analysis is to evaluate the effectiveness of genotype testing-guided P2Y12 inhibitor prescription therapy to patients after PCI for ACS compared to non-genotype guided conventional treatment. METHODS: A comprehensive literature search was performed in PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane to identify relevant trials. Summary effects were calculated using a DerSimonian and Laird random-effects model as odds ratio with 95% confidence intervals for all the clinical endpoints. RESULTS: Seven studies with 9617 patients were included. Genotype-guided strategy arm included prasugrel or ticagrelor prescription to patients with loss of function (LOF) of CYP219 alleles (most commonly alleles being *2 and *3) and clopidogrel prescription to those without the LOF allele. The conventional arm included patients treated with clopidogrel without genotype testing. Comparison of genotype arm with conventional arm showed decreased major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), improved cardiovascular (CV) mortality, and reduced incidence of myocardial infarction (MI) in the genotype arm, and a similar stroke incidence in the two arms. Regarding adverse events, the incidence of stent thrombosis was lower in the genotype arm than the conventional arm. CONCLUSION: Our analysis illustrates the possible advantages of genotype-guided P2Y12 inhibitor prescription strategy compared to non-genotype-guided strategy with reductions in MACE, CV mortality, MI, and stent thrombosis. This analysis can be used as a stepping stone to conducting further trials determining the efficacy of this treatment strategy in various ACS subtypes.
Relationship between CYP2C19*2, *3 gene polymorphism and the recurrence in ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel in China: A meta-analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: The relationship between CYP2C19 *2,*3 gene variants and the recurrence in ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel is still controversial according to the available published literature. To evaluate correlations between CYP2C19 *2,*3 gene variants, metabolic typing according to *2, *3 SNPs (the polymorphism of rs4244285, rs4986893) and stroke recurrence, we performed this study through meta-analysis. METHODS: Literatures reporting the relationship between CYP2C19*2 and *3 polymorphism and the recurrence in ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel were searched in CNKI, Wanfang Database, VIP, China Biomedical Database, PubMed and Cochrane Library from the establishment database to December 2020. Meta-analysis was performed with RevMan 5.3. RESULTS: A total of 9 articles with 10 trials involving 1333 ischemic stroke patients were included. The results of meta-analysis showed CYP2C19*2 GA/AA genotype had a higher risk of recurrent stroke than GG in patients with ischemic stroke treated with clopidogrel(P<0.05) (GA+AA vs. GG:OR=2.50, 95% CI:1.66∼3.75;GA vs. GG:OR=2.16, 95% CI:1.41∼3.31;AA vs. GG:OR=4.40, 95% CI:2.39∼8.08; AA vs. GA:OR=2.15, 95% CI:1.20-3.84; allele A vs. G:OR=2.08, 95% CI:1.58-2.75). There was no significant difference in stroke recurrence risk between CYP2C19*3 GA vs. GG genotype (P=0.65)(OR=0.86,95% CI:0.44∼1.67). Compared with extensive metabolizer (EM), patients with intermediate metabolizer (IM) and poor metaholizer (PM) of CYP2C19 had a higher risk of stroke recurrent after clopidogrel treatment (IM+PM vs. EM:OR=2.20, 95%CI:1.58∼3.08, P<0.05; IM vs. EM:OR=2.06,95% CI: 1.45∼2.91, P<0.05;PM vs. EM: OR=3.32,95% CI:1.98∼5.56, P<0.05; PM vs. IM: OR=1.45,95% CI: 0.91∼2.32,P=0.11). CONCLUSION: Among ischemic stroke patients taking clopidogrel, CYP2C19*2 gene mutation and CYP2C19 metabolizer were associated with stroke recurrence, CYP2C19*2 and *3 gene carriers were more likely to stroke recurrent than CYP2C19*1 gene carriers.
Efficacy and safety of P2Y12 inhibitors according to diabetes, age, gender, body mass index and body weight: systematic review and meta-analyses of randomized clinical trials.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The efficacy of antiplatelet drugs may differ in specific patient subgroups. We aimed to assess the efficacy and safety of the P2Y12 inhibitors clopidogrel, ticlopidine, prasugrel, ticagrelor, and cangrelor according to diabetes status, age, gender, body mass index, and body weight. METHODS: Randomized clinical trials (RCTs) of P2Y12 inhibitors reporting information on cardiovascular disease (defined as myocardial infarction, stroke, or cardiovascular death) and bleeding (defined as any bleeding) events among the subgroups diabetes and non-diabetes, age ≥65 and <65 year-old, men and women, body mass index ≥30 and <30 kg/m(2), and body weight ≥60 and <60 kg, were identified in Medline, Embase, Web of Science, and Cochrane Library on August 31st, 2014. For each inhibitor, random-effects meta-analyses were used to estimate the ratio of relative risks (rRR) for cardiovascular and bleeding events among patient subgroups. RESULTS: Twenty distinct RCTs (233 285 participants, 21 323 cardiovascular and 5183 bleeding events) were identified. Cardiovascular risk reduction with clopidogrel did not significantly differ according to diabetes (rRR: 1.04; 95% CI: 0.95 to 1.13; p = 0.395), age (0.98; 0.88 to 1.09; p = 0.347), gender (0.97; 0.90 to 1.04; p = 0.382), or body mass index (1.11, 0.95 to 1.31; p = 0.191). Results for other inhibitors were comparable, although available data were sparse. Limited data on bleeding events were available. CONCLUSION: Data from RCTs did not show a different cardiovascular efficacy of clopidogrel in diabetes mellitus and other clinically relevant subgroups. Limited information was available on the efficacy and safety of other P2Y12 inhibitors in specific subgroups.
CYP2C19 Polymorphisms and Clinical Outcomes Following Percutaneous Coronary Intervention (PCI) in the Million Veterans Program. LID - 2023.10.25.23297578 [pii] LID - 10.1101/2023.10.25.23297578 [doi]$$$ BACKGROUND: CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles decrease the antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in patients presenting with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The impact of genotype in stable ischemic heart disease (SIHD) is unclear. OBJECTIVES: Determine the association of CYP2C19 genotype with major adverse cardiac events (MACE) after PCI for ACS or SIHD. METHODS: Million Veterans Program (MVP) participants age <65 years with a PCI documented in the VA Clinical Assessment, Reporting and Tracking (CART) Program between 1/1/2009 to 9/30/2017, treated with clopidogrel were included. Time to MACE defined as the composite of all-cause death, stroke or myocardial infarction within 12 months following PCI. RESULTS: Among 4,461 Veterans (mean age 59.1 ± 5.1 years, 18% Black); 44% had ACS, 56% had SIHD and 29% carried a CYP2C19 LOF allele. 301 patients (6.7%) experienced MACE while being treated with clopidogrel, 155 (7.9%) in the ACS group and 146 (5.9%) in the SIHD group. Overall, MACE was not significantly different between LOF carriers vs. noncarriers (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1.18, confidence interval [95%CI] 0.97-1.45, p=0.096). Among patients presenting with ACS, MACE risk in LOF carriers versus non-carriers was numerically higher (HR 1.30, 95%CI 0.98-1.73, p=0.067). There was no difference in MACE risk in patients with SIHD (HR 1.09, 95%CI 0.82-1.44; p=0.565). CONCLUSIONS: CYP2C19 LOF carriers presenting with ACS treated with clopidogrel following PCI experienced a numerically greater elevated risk of MACE events. CYP2C19 LOF genotype is not associated with MACE among patients presenting with SIHD. FAU - Chanfreau-Coffinier, Catherine
Effect of Hypertension on Efficacy and Safety of Ticagrelor-Aspirin Versus Clopidogrel-Aspirin in Minor Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack.$$$ BACKGROUND: Hypertension is a risk factor of poor stroke outcomes and associated with antiplatelet resistance. This study aimed to explore the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-aspirin versus clopidogrel-aspirin in patients with different hypertension status, using randomized trial data from the CHANCE-2 trial (Clopidogrel in High-Risk Patients With Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events-II). METHODS: A total of 6412 patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack who carried CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles were enrolled and randomized to either ticagrelor-aspirin or clopidogrel-aspirin group. Hypertension status were classified into no, newly diagnosed, and previously diagnosed hypertension according to medical history, blood pressure, and antihypertensive medications during hospitalization. The primary efficacy and safety outcomes were stroke recurrence and moderate to severe bleeding risk within 90-day follow-up. RESULTS: Ticagrelor-aspirin was associated with reduced risk of new stroke in patients without hypertension (32 [4.8%] versus 60 [7.2%]; hazard ratio, 0.55 [95% CI, 0.35-0.86]), but not in those with a newly diagnosed hypertension (20 [5.3%] versus 36 [9.1%]; hazard ratio 0.59 [95% CI, 0.33-1.07]), or those with a previously diagnosed hypertension (139 [7.0%] versus 147 [7.4%]; hazard ratio, 0.93 [95% CI, 0.74-1.18]) compared with clopidogrel-aspirin (P=0.04 for interaction). The risk of bleeding for ticagrelor-aspirin was not associated with hypertension status (0.1% versus 0.4%; 0.3% versus 0.5%, 0.4% versus 0.3%, P=0.50 for interaction). All the efficacy and safety outcomes between treatments did not differ by blood pressure levels on admission. CONCLUSIONS: In the CHANCE-2 trial, patients without hypertension received a significantly greater benefit from ticagrelor- aspirin than those with previous hypertension after minor stroke or transient ischemic attack, and a similar benefit trend was observed in those with newly diagnosed hypertension. REGISTRATION: URL: https://www. CLINICALTRIALS: gov; Unique identifier: NCT04078737. FAU - Wang, Anxin
Antiplatelet response to clopidogrel is associated with a haplotype in CYP2C19 gene in Pakistani patients.$$$ Clopidogrel, an antiplatelet drug, is frequently prescribed to patients diagnosed with ischemic diseases such as those suffering from acute coronary syndromes or ischemic stroke. Despite the drug being effective in majority of the patients, some still experience ischemic events early in the treatment which might be due to poor platelet inhibition. This study aims to investigate the association of cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) loss-of-function polymorphisms, haplotypes as well as a wide range of clinical and demographic variables with platelet aggregation phenotypes to clopidogrel in a Pakistani cohort. The study comprised of a total of 120 patients diagnosed with cardiovascular diseases and were treated with clopidogrel. Antiplatelet response to clopidogrel was monitored by Helena AggRAM (HL-2-1785P) and patients with maximal platelet aggregation more than 50% were categorized as low responders and those with less than 50% as high responders. Our results show that 56.6% of patients were homozygous for the CYP2C19 wild-type allele, 38.3% of patients possessed one copy of the CYP2C19*2 allele and 5% of patients possessed both CYP2C19*2 alleles. No CYP2C19*3 allele was found in our patient cohort. There was no statistically significant difference between the high and low responder groups to clopidogrel in terms of extensive, intermediate and poor metabolizer genotypes. However, haplotype (H1), leukocyte count, random blood glucose, and history of diabetes mellitus was associated with the antiplatelet response to clopidogrel. The prevalence of clopidogrel resistance in our population was in line with that reported for other regional and global populations.
Polymorphisms of genes related to phase-I metabolic enzymes affecting the clinical efficacy and safety of clopidogrel treatment.$$$ Introduction: Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet medication described as a prodrug, which cannot exert the antiplatelet effect until being biotransformed to the active metabolite. It is commonly used to reduce the risk of blood coagulation in patients diagnosed with acute coronary syndrome, or ischemic stroke.Area covered: We reviewed published articles in PubMed and Google Scholar that focused on the mutations of CYP2C19, CYP3A4, CYP2C9, CYP2B6, and CYP1A2 genes related to clopidogrel clinical efficacy and safety.Expert opinion: Based on current pharmacogenetic studies, patients carrying CYP2C19*2, CYP2C19*3, CYP2C9*3, and CYP2B6*5 alleles may not respond to clopidogrel due to poor platelet inhibition efficacy revealed among them. In contrast, carriers of CYP2C19*17, CYP3A4*1G, and CYP1A2*1C alleles showed a more significant antiplatelet effect in clopidogrel users and expected to have a protective role as a genetic factor against cardiovascular events. Genotyping for either CYP2C19, CYP3A4, CYP2C9, CYP2B6, or CYP1A2 variants is not recommended when considering clopidogrel treatment for patients, as some trials showed specific non-genetic factors (e.g. age and diabetes) that could affect clopidogrel responsiveness. Instead, platelets inhibition tests could be used as predictors of the clinical efficacy of clopidogrel treatment. Other P2Y12 receptor inhibitors should be considered as alternative medications. FAU - Alkattan, Abdullah
Associations of CYP3A4, NR1I2, CYP2C19 and P2RY12 polymorphisms with clopidogrel resistance in Chinese patients with ischemic stroke.$$$ AIM: There is a high incidence of the antiplatelet drug clopidogrel resistance (CR) in Asian populations. Because clopidogrel is a prodrug, polymorphisms of genes encoding the enzymes involved in its biotransformation may be the primary influential factors. The goal of this study was to investigate the associations of polymorphisms of CYP3A4, NR1I2, CYP2C19 and P2RY12 genes with CR in Chinese patients with ischemic stroke. METHODS: A total of 191 patients with ischemic stroke were enrolled. The patients were treated with clopidogrel for at least 5 days. Platelet function was measured by light transmission aggregometry. The SNPs NR1I2 (rs13059232), CYP3A4(*)1G (rs2242480), CYP2C19(*)2 (rs4244285) and P2RY12 (rs2046934) were genotyped. RESULTS: The CR rate in this population was 36%. The CYP2C19(*)2 variant was a risk factor for CR ((*)2/(*)2+wt/(*)2 vs wt/wt, OR: 2.366, 95% CI: 1.180-4.741, P=0.014), whereas the CYP3A4(*)1G variant had a protective effect on CR ((*)1/(*)1 vs (*)1G/(*)1G+(*)1/(*)1G, OR: 2.360, 95% CI: 1.247-4.468, P=0.008). The NR1I2 (rs13059232) polymorphism was moderately associated with CR (CC vs TT+TC, OR: 0.533, 95% CI: 0.286-0.991, P=0.046). The C allele in P2RY12 (rs2046934) was predicted to be a protective factor for CR (CC+TC vs TT, OR: 0.407, 95% CI: 0.191-0.867, P=0.018). In addition, an association was found between hypertension and CR (P=0.022). CONCLUSION: The individuals with both the CYP2C19(*)2 allele and hypertension are at high risk of CR during anti-thrombosis therapy. The CYP3A4(*)1G allele, P2RY12 (rs2046934) C allele and NR1I2 (rs13059232) CC genotype may be protective factors for CR. The associated SNPs studied may be useful to predict clopidogrel resistance in Chinese patients with ischemic stroke. FAU - Liu, Rui
Clinical effects and outcomes with new P2Y12 inhibitors in ACS.$$$ Thienopyridines have become the cornerstone of treatment for percutaneous coronary intervention although no survival benefit has ever been shown with clopidogrel despite increasing loading doses. Newly developed P2Y12 inhibitors are more potent, more predictable, and have a faster onset of action than clopidogrel, characteristics that make them particularly attractive for high-risk percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Four new P2Y12 inhibitors have been tested each of them having particular individual properties. Prasugrel is an oral pro-drug leading to irreversible blockade of the P2Y12 receptor and is approved worldwide for ACS PCI. Ticagrelor is a direct-acting and reversible inhibitor of the P2Y12 receptor with potentially more pleiotropic effects. Cangrelor is an intravenous direct and reversible inhibitor of the P2Y12 receptor providing the highest level of inhibition, and elinogrel is an intravenous and oral P2Y12 antagonist with a direct and reversible action. Both prasugrel and ticagrelor, opposed to clopidogrel, have shown that stronger P2Y12 inhibition led respectively to significant 19 and 16% relative risk reduction of a similar primary end point combining cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, or non-fatal stroke. Both drugs showed a significant 0.6% absolute excess of TIMI major bleeding not related to CABG surgery. Because in clinical trials, patients perceived to be at higher risk of bleeding usually are excluded, the risk of major and even fatal bleeding might even be higher in a 'real-world' setting, i.e. in the elderly patient with comorbidities. On the other hand, these newly developed P2Y12 inhibitors decrease mortality after PCI compared with clopidogrel. The risk/benefit ratio is particularly favorable in PCI for patients with STEMI.
Oral antiplatelet therapy for atherothrombotic disease: overview of current and emerging treatment options.$$$ Clinical presentations of atherothrombotic vascular disease, such as acute coronary syndromes, ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack, and symptomatic peripheral arterial disease, are major causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Platelet activation and aggregation play a seminal role in the arterial thrombus formation that precipitates acute manifestations of atherothrombotic disease. As a result, antiplatelet therapy has become the cornerstone of therapy for the prevention and treatment of atherothrombotic disease. Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and a P2Y(12) adenosine diphosphate (ADP) receptor inhibitor, such as clopidogrel or prasugrel, is the current standard-of-care antiplatelet therapy in patients with acute coronary syndromes managed with an early invasive strategy. However, these agents are associated with several important clinical limitations, including significant residual risk for ischemic events, bleeding risk, and variability in the degree of platelet inhibition. The residual risk can be attributed to the fact that aspirin and P2Y(12) inhibitors block only the thromboxane A(2) and ADP platelet activation pathways but do not affect the other pathways that lead to thrombosis, such as the protease-activated receptor-1 pathway stimulated by thrombin, the most potent platelet agonist. Bleeding risk associated with aspirin and P2Y(12) inhibitors can be explained by their inhibitory effects on the thromboxane A(2) and ADP pathways, which are critical for protective hemostasis. Interpatient variability in the degree of platelet inhibition in response to antiplatelet therapy may have a genetic component and contribute to poor clinical outcomes. These considerations underscore the clinical need for therapies with a novel mechanism of action that may reduce ischemic events without increasing the bleeding risk. FAU - Fintel, Dan J
Sex-Specific Differences in Clinical Outcomes After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: Insights from the TAILOR-PCI Trial.$$$ Background TAILOR-PCI (Tailored Antiplatelet Initiation to Lessen Outcomes due to decreased Clopidogrel Response After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention) studied genotype-guided selection of antiplatelet therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention versus conventional therapy with clopidogrel. The presence of CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles in patients treated with clopidogrel may be associated with increased risk for ischemic events. We report a prespecified sex-specific analysis of genotyping and associated cardiovascular outcomes from this study. Methods and Results Associations between sex and major adverse cardiac events (MACE: cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, and severe recurrent ischemia) and Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) bleeding at 12 months were analyzed using Cox proportional-hazards models. Among 5276 randomized patients, loss-of-function carriers were observed in ≈36% of both sexes, and >80% of carriers were heterozygotes. At 12 months, after adjustment for baseline differences, risks of MACE (HR , 1.28 [0.97 to 1.68]; P=0.088) and BARC bleeding (hazard ratio [HR], 1.36 [0.91 to 2.05]; P=0.14) were comparable among women and men. There were no significant interactions between sex and treatment strategy for MACE interaction P value (P(int)=0.59) or BARC bleeding (P(int)=0.47) nor for sex and genotype (MACE P(int)=0.15, and BARC bleeding P(int)=0.60). Conclusions CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles were present in ≈1 in 3 women and men. Women had similar adjusted risks of MACE and bleeding as men following percutaneous coronary intervention. Genotype-guided therapy did not significantly reduce the risk of MACE or bleeding relative to conventional therapy for both sexes. Registration URL: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov; Unique identifier: NCT01742117. FAU - Madan, Mina
Clopidogrel resistance: identifying and overcoming a barrier to effective antiplatelet treatment.$$$ Clopidogrel is an inhibitor of the ADP receptor P2Y12 and platelet aggregation. It is widely used for the management of atherothrombotic disease in patients who have experienced severe vascular events such as stroke or myocardial infarction or with peripheral artery disease. However, some patients show "resistance" to clopidogrel, and show impaired inhibition of platelet aggregation. In this review, I discuss the clinical evidence of the extent of the problem, potential implications for future cardiovascular events and clinical tests to assess platelet aggregation. I also discuss the mechanisms that appear responsible for clopidogrel resistance. Clopidogrel is administered as a prodrug and the active metabolite is generated by the cytochrome P450 system. Therefore, inadequate responses to clopidogrel may be caused by polymorphisms in one or more of the cytochrome P450 enzymes and interaction/competition with other drugs metabolized by the cytochrome P450 system (e.g., statins and proton pump inhibitors). Finally, I discuss the therapeutic options available for patients with known or suspected clopidogrel resistance, including the use of drugs with alternative molecular targets (e.g., cilostazol), metabolized via different pathways (e.g., prasugrel) or administered in an active form (e.g., ticagrelor). Clopidogrel resistance is a clinically significant problem with potentially severe consequences if it is not identified or managed appropriately. The availability of point-of-care assays and novel treatments provide clinicians with an extensive array of tools that should aid in the management of atherothrombotic diseases/events, and reduce the risk of future severe events in these patients.
Pharmacogenetic testing in population of South Ural.$$$ BACKGROUND: Drug resistance is a phenomenon that has received serious attention in recent years in everyday medical practice. This may also be described as responsiveness or non-responsiveness to drugs, as patients respond partially to medical treatment or have no response at all [1]. The non-responsiveness to clopidogrel in cardiac patients of different populations is due to genetic variations in the cytochrome P450 (CYP) gene [2]. Carriers of at least one 'poor metabolizer allele' of CYP2C19 (either *2 or *3) have lower levels of the active metabolite of clopidogrel and have reduced platelet inhibition [3]. Furthermore, the significant inter-ethnic variability in the allelic frequencies of CYP2C19*2 has been associated with differential clopidogrel resistance [4]. Such mutations in this variant allele are responsible for the inability of the CYP enzyme to convert clopidogrel into its active metabolite, which may result in the increased risk of death, heart attack or stroke among patients who have undergone percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) [5]. South Ural is a multinational region, a subject of the Russian Federation, where genetic variations have not been studied fully yet. OBJECTIVE: To examine prevalence of mutant alleles in population of South Ural. METHODS: We conducted pharmacogenetic testing for specific single nucleotide polymorphisms in 54 patients. The present research was conducted in the alleles CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3. The data were processed using the program SPSS Statistics. RESULTS: The mean age of patients was 58, 4 years (from 26 to 79 years). Among all patients 59.3% were male, 40.7% of female patients.Among the studied patients in allele CYP2C19*2, the "wild" type GG was detected in 75,9% of patients, GA type in 22.2% and AA variant was detected in 1.9% of all patients. Allele CYP2C19*3 is often found among alleles with reduced function and also associated with resistance to clopidogrel. Functional drug response is observed in patients with type GG. All of the studied patients were carriers of this type. According to literature data the frequency of genotypes associated with resistance to clopidogrel in the Russian population is 11.4%, which is comparable with European ethnic groups [6]. CONCLUSIONS: It was revealed that 75,9% of patients were sensitive to clopidogrel, and for them this drug in its standard dosage will be effective, and 24,1% of patients were not sensitive, therefore, they would require replacement of clopidogrel with another drug. FAU - Barysheva, V O
Ticagrelor Aspirin vs Clopidogrel Aspirin in CYP2C19 Loss-of-Function Carriers With Minor Stroke or TIA Stratified by Risk Profile.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Genotype data of the Clopidogrel with Aspirin in Acute Minor Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack (CHANCE) trial showed that efficacy of clopidogrel aspirin depended on CYP2C19 genotype and risk profile. A stratification of patients who carried CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles according to the risk of recurrent stroke may be important for selecting optimal antiplatelet therapy. We aimed to compare the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor aspirin with clopidogrel aspirin in CYP2C19 LOF carriers with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA) stratified by risk profile. METHODS: Data were obtained from Ticagrelor or Clopidogrel with Aspirin in High-Risk Patients with Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events II (CHANCE-2) trial. Low-risk and high-risk profiles were defined by Essen Stroke Risk Score (ESRS) (<3 [low risk] and ≥3 [high risk], respectively). RESULTS: A total of 6,412 CYP2C19 LOF carriers were enrolled; ticagrelor aspirin was associated with a reduced risk of primary outcome (new stroke within 90-day follow-up) in patients at low risk (hazard ratio [HR], 0.65; 95% CI, 0.48-0.82), but not in those at high risk (HR, 0.97; 95% CI, 0.73-1.29), compared with clopidogrel aspirin (p = 0.02 for interaction). Secondary outcomes generally went in the same direction as the primary outcome. The primary safety outcome of severe or moderate bleeding did not differ based on risk profile (p = 0.24 for interaction), although the incidence of total bleeding was greater with ticagrelor aspirin than with clopidogrel aspirin among patients at low risk (p < 0.01 for interaction). Analysis in the per-protocol population yielded similar results. DISCUSSION: This post hoc analysis of CHANCE-2 trial showed that CYP2C19 LOF carriers with minor stroke or TIA at low risk of recurrent stroke received a greater benefit from ticagrelor aspirin than from clopidogrel aspirin. CLASSIFICATION OF EVIDENCE: This study provides Class II evidence that CYP2C19 LOF carriers with minor stroke or TIA at low risk, but not at high risk, of recurrent stroke (by the ESRS) received a greater benefit from ticagrelor aspirin than from clopidogrel aspirin. TRIAL REGISTRATION INFORMATION: URL: www. CLINICALTRIALS: gov. Unique identifier: NCT04078737.
An overview of the utility of prasugrel hydrochloride as a treatment option for ischemic stroke.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Prasugrel, a potent P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor, is not currently recommended in patients with stroke due to a higher rate of recurrent stroke. Prasugrel was associated with comparable efficacy to clopidogrel in reducing the risk of ischemic stroke in a recent phase III study. AREAS COVERED: The authors provide an overview of the potential role of prasugrel in the management of ischemic stroke. The authors searched PUBMED, MEDLINE, and clinicaltrials.org and recently presented trials at the conferences for clinical trials of prasugrel therapy in patients with stroke and TIA, and important original investigations are reviewed. EXPERT OPINION: The recent PRASTRO-trials demonstrated comparable outcomes of lower maintenance dose (3.5 mg daily dose) with clopidogrel in East Asian stroke patients, thus can be a credible option as a P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor. It can also be considered as a credible option in other races and ethnicities and in other clinical situations that may require DAPT, such as intracranial or carotid stenting. Since prasugrel is associated with a superior antiplatelet effect and is not influenced by genetic polymorphisms, there is no need for platelet function or genetic testing. More work is needed to establish the safety and efficacy of low-dose prasugrel plus aspirin in comparison with currently used clopidogrel plus aspirin in non-East Asian populations. FAU - Tantry, Udaya S
Increased frequency of CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles in clopidogrel-treated patients with recurrent cerebral ischemia.$$$ AIMS: Clopidogrel is used as secondary prevention after cerebral ischaemia. Previous, mainly Asian, studies have shown that genetic variations in CYP2C19 are associated with an increased risk of recurrent stroke in clopidogrel-treated patients. Evidence on the impact of this drug-gene interaction in European neurology patients is currently limited. The aim of this study is to compare the prevalence of CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LoF) alleles in a population with recurrent cerebral ischaemia to two reference groups from the same region. METHODS: CYP2C19-genotyping (*2 and *3) was performed in clopidogrel-treated patients who presented with a recurrent ischaemic stroke/transient ischaemic attack (TIA). Genotype distributions were compared with two reference groups; a cohort of consecutive patients who underwent elective coronary stent implantation and a cohort of healthy Dutch volunteers. RESULTS: In total, 188 cases with a recurrent ischaemic event were identified, of whom 38 (20.2%) experienced an early recurrent event (24 hours to 90 days after the previous event). Among the total case group, 43.6% of the patients carried at least one CYP2C19 LoF allele, compared with 27.6% and 24.7% in respectively the cardiology and the healthy volunteers reference groups (P < .001 for both comparisons). Among the cases with an early recurrent event, 55.3% of patients were carriers of at least one CYP2C19 LoF allele (P < .0001). CONCLUSION: In this clopidogrel-treated population with recurrent cerebral ischaemia, the frequency of CYP2C19 LoF alleles was significantly higher than in reference groups, especially in early recurrent events. This study adds to the growing body of evidence that genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy could improve patient outcomes.
Variant recurrent risk among stroke patients with different CYP2C19 phenotypes and treated with clopidogrel.$$$ Polymorphisms of CYP2C19 have been associated with variant risk of subsequent cardiovascular events in survivors of myocardial infarction (MI) receiving clopidogrel. This study evaluated the impacts of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on stroke recurrence and other vascular events in a cohort of Chinese patients receiving clopidogrel. From Nanjing Stroke Registry Program, 625 consecutive patients with ischemic stroke were enrolled between May 2008 and April 2010. CYP2C19 variants (*2, *3, and *17) were genotyped. Clinical outcomes were determined with three monthly follow-up. The primary endpoint was a composite of vascular death, non-fatal ischemic stroke, and non-fatal MI. The second endpoint was bleeding events. The median exposure to clopidogrel was 13.2 (interquartile range, 8.9-18.0) months. Primary endpoint was observed in 85 (13.6%) patients and secondary endpoint in 13 (2.1%) patients. Frequencies of CYP2C19*1, *2, *3, and *17 alleles were 61.2, 34.0, 3.8, and 1.0%, respectively, in this patient cohort. CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele (*2 and *3, LOF) carriers were observed with higher risk of subsequent vascular events compared with non-carriers (17.2 versus 8.1%, HR = 2.16, 95% CI: 1.31-3.56, p = 0.003). After adjusted for age, sex, major cardiovascular risk factors, and drug agent, CYP2C19 LOF carrier was independently associated with primary endpoint (HR = 2.31, 95% CI: 1.39-3.84, p = 0.001). No significant association between CYP2C19 gain-of-function (*17, GOF) and clinical events was detected. In Chinese stroke survivors treated with clopidogrel, carriers of CYP2C19 LOF allele may have increased risk of recurrence. FAU - Sun, Wenshan
Comparison Between Clopidogrel and Prasugrel Associated With CYP2C19 Genotypes in Patients Receiving Percutaneous Coronary Intervention in a Japanese Population.$$$ BACKGROUND: The association between cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19 genotypes and adverse events in patients treated with clopidogrel or prasugrel after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in the Japanese population is unclear. METHODS AND RESULTS: This study consisted of 1,580 patients whoseCYP2C19genotypes were assessed at Shiga University of Medical Science Hospital, and 193 clopidogrel-treated and 217 prasugrel-treated patients who were followed more than 1 year after receiving PCI were analyzed. Among 1,580 patients, the prevalence of normal, intermediate, and poor metabolizers was 32%, 49%, and 17%, respectively. Overall incidence of the primary outcome, defined as a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, definite stent thrombosis, ischemic stroke, or major bleeding was not significantly different between the clopidogrel and prasugrel groups (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1.98, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.85-4.61, P=0.12). Among patients with theCYP2C19loss-of-function (LOF) allele, however, the incidence of the primary outcome was significantly higher in the clopidogrel group (adjusted HR 3.19, 95% CI 1.10-9.24, P=0.03), whereas no difference was observed among patients without theCYP2C19LOF allele (adjusted HR 0.67, 95% CI 0.14-3.26, P=0.62). CONCLUSIONS: Among patients with theCYP2C19LOF allele, the use of clopidogrel was significantly associated with increased adverse events. Thus, further investigation is needed to establish the practical use ofCYP2C19genotyping. FAU - Sawayama, Yuichi
Safety and Efficacy of Triple Therapy With Ticagrelor or Prasugrel Versus Clopidogrel After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention for ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction.$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients on dual antiplatelet therapy following percutaneous coronary intervention often have indications for concomitant oral anticoagulation, known as triple antithrombotic therapy. Majority of literature evaluating triple antithrombotic therapy fails to adequately represent patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction and those prescribed potent P2Y12 inhibitors, ticagrelor or prasugrel. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of triple antithrombotic regimens containing ticagrelor or prasugrel versus clopidogrel after percutaneous coronary intervention in the setting of ST-elevation myocardial infarction. METHODS: This was a single-center, retrospective cohort trial. The primary endpoint was net adverse clinical event, defined as the primary efficacy endpoint of death, myocardial infarction, or cerebrovascular accident and the primary safety endpoint of any bleeding event. RESULTS: Between October 2017 and October 2019, a total of 65 patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction were initiated on triple therapy. Forty-six patients were included in the primary analysis, of which 26 were discharged on triple antithrombotic therapy with clopidogrel and 20 discharged on potent P2Y12 inhibitors (ticagrelor or prasugrel). The primary endpoint occurred in 27% of the clopidogrel group and 40% of the potent P2Y12 inhibitor group (P = 0.35). Bleeding occurred in 23% of the clopidogrel group and 35% of the potent P2Y12 inhibitor group (P = 0.37). CONCLUSIONS: This small cohort study suggests, in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention, the net adverse clinical event rate does not differ between clopidogrel and potent P2Y12 inhibitors in the setting of triple antithrombotic therapy. The results of this exploratory analysis warrant confirmation in a larger, randomized study. FAU - Gill, Kristina
Meta-Analysis of Comparison of the Newer Oral P2Y12 Inhibitors (Prasugrel or Ticagrelor) to Clopidogrel in Patients With Non-ST-Elevation Acute Coronary Syndrome.$$$ Newer oral P2Y12 inhibitors are more potent and have faster onset of action than clopidogrel. However, the efficacy and safety in patients with non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome (NSTE-ACS) are not well studied. A systemic search of MEDLINE and EMBASE databases was performed to identify randomized clinical trials comparing newer oral P2Y12 inhibitors (prasugrel or ticagrelor) to clopidogrel in patients with NSTE-ACS. The primary outcome was a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction (MI), and stroke (major cardiovascular events [MACE]). Secondary outcomes were individual components of the primary outcome, all-cause mortality, and Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) major and minor bleeding. A total of 31,470 patients with NSTE-ACS from 4 randomized clinical trials were included (newer oral P2Y12 inhibitors: 15,951; clopidogrel: 15,519). Newer oral P2Y12 inhibitors significantly decreased MACE (relative risk [RR] 0.87, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.80 to 0.95) and MI (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.75 to 0.96) and showed a trend toward reduction of cardiovascular death (RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.71 to 1.01). There was a significant increase in TIMI major bleeding (RR 1.27, 95% CI 1.07 to 1.50) and TIMI major or minor bleeding (RR 1.20, 95% CI 1.02 to 1.42). Results were largely similar when stratified by ticagrelor versus prasugrel (pinteraction >0.05) except for increased TIMI major/minor bleeding with prasugrel than ticagrelor (pinteraction = 0.01). In conclusion, in patients with NSTE-ACS, newer oral P2Y12 inhibitors decrease MACE and MI at the expense of a significant increase in the risk of bleeding. Treatment of 1,000 patients with newer oral P2Y12 inhibitors will prevent 16 MACE and 13 MIs at the expense of increase in 6 major bleeding events.
Outcomes of a multi-ethnic Asian population on combined treatment with clopidogrel and omeprazole in 12,440 patients.$$$ Omeprazole is commonly co-prescribed with clopidogrel. Clopidogrel requires bio-activation by cytochrome P450 CYP2C19. Omeprazole may reduce clopidogrel's antithrombotic efficacy by inhibiting CYP2C19. Studies in Caucasians receiving omeprazole with clopidogrel showed no significant increase in death and myocardial infarction with this drug-drug interaction. There are limited large-scale studies in Asians, who may have a greater prevalence of CYP2C19 loss-of-function polymorphisms. A single centre retrospective cohort study was undertaken based on a review of medication records and prescription data. Patients prescribed clopidogrel from 2009 to 2012 were followed-up with until December 2012 (median:29 months). The primary outcome was all-cause mortality and secondary outcomes were myocardial infarction (MI), cerebrovascular accidents, and subsequent coronary interventions. Of 12,440 patients prescribed clopidogrel, 62%(n = 7714) were on omeprazole (63.8% Chinese, 13.9% Malay, 12.4% Indian, 10.0% others), and 38%(n = 4726) were not on omeprazole or other proton pump inhibitors (62.6% Chinese, 13.5% Malay, 10.7% Indian, 13.2% others). Mortality after co-prescription occurred in 14.3%(n = 1101) of patients, compared to 6.3%(n = 300) of patients prescribed clopidogrel only. Multivariate analysis using propensity score adjusted analysis showed no significant increase in all-cause mortality with co-prescription (adjusted hazards ratio [AHR] 1.13, [95%CI 0.95-1.35]). Patients on co-prescription had a higher risk of subsequent MI (16% vs 3.8%; AHR 2.03 [95%CI 1.70-2.44]), but not of cerebrovascular accidents (5.0% vs 2.0%; AHR 0.98 [95%CI 0.76-1.27]) or coronary interventions (1.7% vs 0.7%; AHR 1.28 [95%CI 0.83-1.96]). The risk of a subsequent MI was higher in the Malay (AHR 2.43 [95%CI 1.68-3.52]) and Chinese (AHR 2.06 [95%CI 1.63-2.60]) population as compared to the Indian (AHR 1.56 [95%CI 1.06-2.31]) population. In conclusion, the use of clopidogrel with omeprazole is associated with an increased risk of MI, but not mortality or stroke, in this multi-ethnic Asian population. These risks appear to vary among different ethnic groups.
Aminotransferase Level and the Effects of Dual Antiplatelet in Minor Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack: A post hoc Analysis of a Randomized Control Trial.$$$ INTRODUCTION: This study was intended to evaluate whether the safety and efficacy of dual antiplatelet treatment in patients with minor ischemic stroke (MIS) or transient ischemic attack (TIA) could be modified by the aminotransferase level. Also, we sought to assess the interaction between aminotransferase level and CYP2C19 loss-of-function status on the efficacy of dual antiplatelet therapy. METHODS: This study is a post hoc analysis of the Clopidogrel in High-Risk Patients With Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events (CHANCE) study, a double-blinded randomized control trial. We included 5,133 patients with a complete workup of baseline alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) levels. The primary outcome is stroke or TIA recurrence within 90 days. Cox proportional hazard models were used in the evaluation of the efficacy of antiplatelet treatment in patients with different aminotransferase levels and subgroups categorized by the aminotransferase level × CYP2C19 loss-of-function status. RESULTS: The median age of all the included patients was 62 years; 66.3% of the patients were male. More recurrent stroke or TIA occurred in patients with elevated ALT and AST levels within 90 days compared to patients with normal ALT and AST levels (14.5 vs. 11.2%, p = 0.029). Dual antiplatelet treatment with aspirin and clopidogrel reduced recurrence compared with aspirin alone in patients with both normal (adjusted hazard ratio [HR], 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.72 [0.60-0.86], p < 0.001) and elevated (adjusted HR [95% CI]: 0. 57 [0. 35-0. 92], p = 0. 020) ALT and AST levels (p = 0.64 for interaction). No significant difference in treatment efficacy on 90-day all-cause death or bleeding events was found. CONCLUSIONS: Dual antiplatelet treatment was safe for minor stroke or high-risk TIA patients with mildly elevated aminotransferase. Mild elevation of ALT or AST did not undermine the protective efficacy of the dual antiplatelet regimen in reducing recurrent stroke or TIA within 90 days after MIS or TIA. The interaction between the CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele carrier status and aminotransferase level on the efficacy of dual antiplatelet treatment was not observed.
Impact of clopidogrel and potent P2Y 12 -inhibitors on mortality and stroke in patients with acute coronary syndrome or undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ Administration of a P2Y 12 -receptor antagonist in addition to aspirin is mandatory in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) or undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) to reduce the occurrence of thrombotic events; however, their impact on mortality and stroke is unclear. We aimed to evaluate the influence of moderate (clopidogrel) or potent (prasugrel/ticagrelor) P2Y 12 -receptor inhibition on major cardiovascular outcomes among patients with ACS or undergoing PCI. Systematic literature search was performed to find randomised, controlled clinical trials comparing the clinical impact of clopidogrel with placebo or prasugrel/ticagrelor versus clopidogrel. Outcome measures included cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction (MI), total stroke and intracranial haemorrhage (ICH). Random-effects model with Mantel-Heanszel weighting was used to pool outcomes into a meta-analysis. Four studies comparing clopidogrel with placebo and five trials comparing clopidogrel with new P2Y 12 -receptor inhibitors were identified including a total of 107,473 patients. Compared to placebo, clopidogrel reduced the risk of cardiovascular death (odds ratio [OR]: 0.93; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.87-0.99, p=0.02), MI (OR 0.80; 95%CI 0.74-0.88, p<0.00001) and stroke (OR 0.84; 95%CI 0.72-0.97, p=0.02), without influencing risk for ICH (OR 0.96; 95%CI 0.69-1.33, p=0.79). Treatment with prasugrel/ticagrelor provided additional benefit over clopidogrel regarding cardiovascular mortality (OR 0.86; 95%CI 0.78-0.94, p=0.002) and MI (OR: 0.83; 95%CI 0.74-0.93, p<0.001), but no advantage in stroke (OR: 1.06; 95%CI 0.88-1.26, p=0.55) and in ICH (OR: 1.16; 95%CI 0.75-1.81; p=0.49) was observed. Increased potency of P2Y 12 -receptor inhibition is associated with decreased risk in cardiovascular death and MI; however, this association is not true in case of stroke, where potent P2Y 12 -receptor antagonists have no incremental benefit over clopidogrel. FAU - Aradi, Dániel
P2Y12 antagonists and cardiac repair post-myocardial infarction: global and regional heart function analysis and molecular assessments in pigs.$$$ AIMS: P2Y12 antagonists are the standard in antiplatelet therapy but their potential effects on functional myocardial recovery and cardioprotection post-myocardial infarction (MI) are unknown. We investigated in a preclinical model of MI whether ticagrelor and clopidogrel differently affect cardiac repair post-MI. METHODS AND RESULTS: Pigs either received: (i) clopidogrel (600 mg; 75 mg/qd); (ii) ticagrelor (180 mg; 90 mg/bid); and (iii) placebo control. MI was induced by mid-left anterior descending coronary artery balloon occlusion (60 min) and animals received the maintenance doses for the following 42 days. Serial cardiac magnetic resonance was performed at Day 3 and Day 42 for the assessment of global and regional cardiac parameters. We determined cardiac AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), Akt/PKB, aquaporin-4, vascular density, and fibrosis. In comparison to controls, both P2Y12 antagonists limited infarct expansion at Day 3, although ticagrelor induced a further 5% reduction (P < 0.05 vs. clopidogrel) whereas oedema was only reduced by ticagrelor (≈23% P < 0.05). Scar size decreased at Day 42 in ticagrelor-treated pigs vs. controls but not in clopidogrel-treated pigs. Left ventricular ejection fraction was higher 3 days post-MI in ticagrelor-treated pigs and persisted up to Day 42 (P < 0.05 vs. post-MI). Regional analysis revealed that control and clopidogrel-treated pigs had severe and extensive wall motion abnormalities in the jeopardized myocardium and a reduced myocardial viability that was not as evident in ticagrelor-treated pigs (χ2P < 0.05 vs. ticagrelor). Only ticagrelor enhanced myocardial AMPK and Akt/PKB activation and reduced aquaporin-4 levels (P < 0.05 vs. control and clopidogrel). No differences were observed in vessel density and fibrosis markers among groups. CONCLUSIONS: Ticagrelor is more efficient than clopidogrel in attenuating myocardial structural and functional alterations post-MI and in improving cardiac healing. These benefits are associated with persistent AMPK and Akt/PKB activation. FAU - Vilahur, Gemma
Effect of CYP2C19*2 and *3 on clinical outcome in ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel.$$$ BACKGROUND: Despite clopidogrel has been widely applied to patients with ischemic stroke combined with aspirin, decreased metabolic activation of clopidogrel still occurs because of genetic variations in CYP2C19. METHODS: Three hundred twenty-one patients completed a genetic test for CYP2C19 loss of function (LOF) alleles in hospital. Cox regression models were used to assess the relationship between CYP2C19 genotypes with the primary endpoint, which was a composite of nonfatal ischemic stroke, myocardial infarction, or vascular death. Functional outcome was measured by the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) at 3months, 6months and 12months intervals. Binary logistic regression was used to analyze the correlation between poor functional outcome and CYP2C19 LOF alleles. RESULTS: The CYP2C19 LOF alleles were independently associated with the primary endpoint. There was no significant association between poor functional outcome and CYP2C19 LOF allele (*2 and *3) in overall patients. After the participants were stratified by stent treatment into two groups, the polymorphisms of CYP2C19 had significant impact on poor prognosis at 3months and 6months but not at 12months in patients without stent. No correlation was found in patients with stent. CONCLUSIONS: The CYP2C19 LOF alleles may increase the recurrent risk of ischemic events. The polymorphisms of CYP2C19 may be predictors of poor functional outcome of patients without stent, and the effect may be weakened by time.
Prasugrel vs. clopidogrel for cytochrome P450 2C19-genotyped subgroups: integration of the TRITON-TIMI 38 trial data.$$$ BACKGROUND: Prasugrel is a newly marketed antiplatelet drug with improved cardiac outcomes as compared with clopidogrel for acute coronary syndromes involving percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Analysis of a subset of the TRITON-TIMI 38 trial demonstrated that cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) reduced-function genotypes are associated with differential clinical responses to clopidogrel, but not prasugrel. Whether the CYP2C19 genotype has the potential to influence clinical choice of these drugs prior to PCI for individuals with unstable angina or non-ST segment elevation myocardial infarction is currently uncertain. METHODS AND RESULTS: An exploratory, secondary analysis was undertaken to estimate the clinical benefit of prasugrel over clopidogrel in subgroups defined by CYP2C19 genotype, by integrating the published results of the genetic substudy and the overall TRITON-TIMI 38 trial. Individuals with a CYP2C19 reduced-metabolizer genotype were estimated to have a substantial reduction in the risk of the composite primary outcome (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke) with prasugrel as compared with clopidogrel [relative risk (RR) 0.57; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.39-0.83]. For CYP2C19 extensive metabolizers (∼70% of the population), however, the composite outcome risks with prasugrel and clopidogrel were not substantially different (RR 0.98; 95% CI 0.80-1.20). CONCLUSIONS: Integration of the TRITON-TIMI 38 data suggests that the CYP2C19 genotype can discriminate between individuals who receive extensive benefit from using prasugrel instead of clopidogrel, and individuals with comparable clinical outcomes with prasugrel and clopidorel. Thus, CYP2C19 genotyping has the potential to guide the choice of antiplatelet therapy, and further research is warranted to validate this estimate.
P2Y12 receptor inhibitor plus aspirin versus aspirin treated within 24 hours of acute noncardioembolic ischemic stroke or TIA: Meta-analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND/PURPOSE: Antiplatelet therapy is the cornerstone for acute ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA). The purpose of this study was to conduct a meta-analysis to assess the efficacy and safety of P2Y12 receptor inhibitor plus aspirin versus aspirin alone treated within 24 h after acute noncardioembolic ischemic stroke or TIA. METHODS: We search Pubmed, EMBASE, CENTRAL and clinicaltrials.gov from January 1966 to January 2021. We included randomized trials which compared P2Y12 receptor inhibitor plus aspirin versus aspirin alone. Relative risk (RR) with 95% confidence (CI) was used as a measure of P2Y12 receptor inhibitor plus aspirin versus aspirin. The primary efficacy endpoint was recurrent stroke and the primary safety endpoint was severe bleeding. RESULTS: The search identified 5 randomized trials comparing P2Y12 receptor inhibitor plus aspirin and aspirin with 21,808 individuals enrolled. Pooled results from these trials showed that P2Y12 receptor inhibitor plus aspirin compared with aspirin was associated with a lower risk of recurrent stroke (RR 0.75, 95% CI 0.68 to 0.83). Ticagrelor plus aspirin compared with aspirin was associated with increased risk of severe bleeding (RR 3.98, 95% CI 1.74 to 9.10) and intracranial hemorrhage (RR 3.32, 95% CI 1.33 to 8.25), whereas clopidogrel plus aspirin vs. aspirin had similar hemorrhagic risk. CONCLUSION: P2Y12 receptor inhibitor plus aspirin vs aspirin given within 24 h after acute noncardioembolic ischemic stroke or TIA reduces the risk of subsequent stroke. However, the risk of severe bleeding, including intracranial hemorrhage, was higher with ticagrelor plus aspirin vs aspirin. PROSPERO ID: CRD42020203730.
Short- and long-term cost-effectiveness analysis of CYP2C19 genotype-guided therapy, universal clopidogrel, versus universal ticagrelor in post-percutaneous coronary intervention patients in Qatar.$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients having CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles and receiving clopidogrel are at higher risk of adverse cardiovascular outcomes. Ticagrelor is an effective antiplatelet that is unaffected by the CYP2C19 polymorphism. The main aim of the current research is to evaluate the cost-effectiveness among CYP2C19 genotype-guided therapy, universal ticagrelor, and universal clopidogrel after a percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS: A two-part decision-analytic model, including a one-year model and a 20-year follow-up Markov model, was created to follow the use of (i) universal clopidogrel, (ii) universal ticagrelor, and (iii) genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy. Outcome measures were the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER, cost/success) and incremental cost-utility ratio (ICUR, cost/quality-adjusted life years [QALY]). Therapy success was defined as survival without myocardial infarction, stroke, cardiovascular death, stent thrombosis, and no therapy discontinuation because of adverse events, i.e. major bleeding and dyspnea. The model was based on a multivariate analysis, and a sensitivity analysis confirmed the robustness of the model outcomes, including against variations in drug acquisition costs. RESULTS: Against universal clopidogrel, genotype-guided therapy was cost-effective over the one-year duration (ICER, USD 6102 /success), and dominant over the long-term. Genotype-guided therapy was dominant against universal ticagrelor over the one-year duration, and cost-effective over the long term (ICUR, USD 1383 /QALY). Universal clopidogrel was dominant over ticagrelor for the short term, and cost-effective over the long-term (ICUR, USD 10,616 /QALY). CONCLUSION: CYP2C19 genotype-guided therapy appears to be the preferred antiplatelet strategy, followed by universal clopidogrel, and then universal ticagrelor for post-PCI patients in Qatar.
Genetic-Guided Oral P2Y(12) Inhibitor Selection and Cumulative Ischemic Events After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND: Genetic-guided P2Y(12) inhibitor selection has been proposed to reduce ischemic events by identifying CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) carriers at increased risk with clopidogrel treatment after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). A prespecified analysis of TAILOR-PCI (Tailored Antiplatelet Therapy Following PCI) evaluated the effect of genetic-guided P2Y(12) inhibitor therapy on cumulative ischemic and bleeding events. OBJECTIVES: Here, the authors detail a prespecified analysis of cumulative endpoints. The primary endpoint was cumulative incidence rate of ischemic events at 12 months. Cumulative incidence of major and minor bleeding was a secondary endpoint. Cox proportional hazards models as adapted by Wei, Lin, and Weissfeld were used to estimate the effect of this strategy on all observed events. METHODS: The TAILOR-PCI trial was a prospective trial including 5,302 post-PCI patients with acute and stable coronary artery disease (CAD) who were randomized to genetic-guided P2Y(12) inhibitor or conventional clopidogrel therapy. In the genetic-guided group, LOF carriers were prescribed ticagrelor, whereas noncarriers received clopidogrel. TAILOR-PCI's primary analysis was time to first event in LOF carriers. RESULTS: Among 5,276 patients (median age 62 years; 25% women; 82% acute CAD; 18% stable CAD), 1,849 were LOF carriers (903 genetic-guided; 946 conventional therapy). The cumulative primary endpoint was significantly reduced in the genetic-guided group compared with the conventional therapy (HR: 0.61; 95% CI: 0.41-0.89; P = 0.011) with no significant difference in cumulative incidence of major or minor bleeding (HR: 1.36; 95% CI: 0.67-2.76; P = 0.39). CONCLUSIONS: Among CYP2C19 LOF carriers undergoing PCI, a genetic-guided strategy resulted in a statistically significant reduction in cumulative ischemic events without a significant difference in bleeding. (Tailored Antiplatelet Therapy Following PCI [TAILOR-PCI]; NCT01742117).
Pharmacogenetics of CYP2C19 genetic polymorphism on clopidogrel response in patients with ischemic stroke from Saudi Arabia.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To elucidate the degree of genetic polymorphisms CYP2C19 (CYP2C19*2, CYP2C19*3) of key drug metabolizing enzymes on the antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel response in patients with acute ischemic stroke from Saudi Arabia. METHODS: A case-control study carried out at Neurology Clinics at Asser Central Hospital, Abha, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia from October 2015 to January 2016 and included 25 stroke patients responding to clopidogrel therapy and 25 stroke patients non responding to clopidogrel monotherapy. After obtaining their informed consent, the blood samples were collected and genotyped for CYP2C19 polymorphisms by the polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphisms (PCR-RFLP Method). Allele frequencies were derived from genotypic data and platelet aggregation was measured using multiple electrode aggregometry on the multiplate analyser. Chi Square tests, p-values, odds ratio (OR) and corresponding confidence intervals were calculated for each polymorphism. RESULTS: The CYP2C19*2 (681G>A) and CYP2C19*3 (636 G>A) polymorphism were seen to be in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium and showed significant allelic and genotypic association between responders and non-responders to clopidogrel (p<0.01). The CYP2C19*2: allelic chi-square=21.49, p=0.000036, OR=5.52 (2.42-12.83); Genotypic Chi-square=10.27, p=0.001, OR=7.88 (1.78-9.73). The CYP2C19*3: Allelic chi-square=11.66, p=0.0006, OR=3.45 (1.57-7.70); genotypic chi-square=4.37, p=0.036, OR=3.69 (0.90-5.81). The variant allele (homozygous and homozygous Mutant) showed significant influence on platelet inhibition and the antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel in ischemic stroke. CONCLUSION: Our findings provide certain evidence on the genetic effect of CYP2C19 on clopidogrel responsiveness in stroke patients from Saudi Arabia. FAU - Alhazzani, Adel A
CYP2C19 metabolizer status and clopidogrel efficacy in the Secondary Prevention of Small Subcortical Strokes (SPS3) study.$$$ BACKGROUND: The role of the CYP2C19 genotype on clopidogrel efficacy has been studied widely, with data suggesting reduced clopidogrel efficacy in loss-of-function variant carriers taking clopidogrel after percutaneous coronary intervention; however, data are limited regarding the association between CYP2C19 genetic variants and outcomes in stroke patients. We investigated whether CYP2C19 metabolizer status affects the risk of recurrent stroke or major bleeding in subcortical stroke patients taking dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel. METHODS AND RESULTS: CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*17 were genotyped in 522 patients treated with dual antiplatelet therapy from the Secondary Prevention of Small Subcortical Strokes (SPS3) study. CYP2C19 metabolizer status was inferred from genotype, and associations with the risk of recurrent stroke and major bleeding were assessed in the overall cohort and by race/ethnic group with logistic regression modeling. In the overall cohort, there were no differences in outcomes by CYP2C19 metabolizer status (recurrent stroke, odds ratio 1.81 [95% CI 0.76 to 4.30]; major bleeding, odds ratio 0.67 [95% CI 0.22 to 2.03]). In white participants, those with CYP2C19 intermediate or poor metabolizer status had higher odds of recurrent stroke (odds ratio 5.19 [95% CI 1.08 to 24.90]) than those with extensive or ultrarapid metabolizer status, but there was no evidence of difference in major bleeding. CONCLUSIONS: There were significant differences in recurrent stroke by CYP2C19 genotype-inferred metabolizer status in white subcortical stroke patients receiving dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel, consistent with cardiovascular studies on CYP2C19 and clopidogrel; however, the bleeding risk that led to early termination of the antiplatelet arm of the SPS3 trial does not appear to be explained by CYP2C19 genotype. This study was relatively underpowered; therefore, these findings should be interpreted with caution and warrant replication. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT00059306.
Therapeutic Challenges in Patients With Noncardioembolic Acute Ischemic Stroke in Need of Double Antiplatelet Therapy for Coronary Artery Disease.$$$ BACKGROUND: The risk of ischemic stroke (IS) is significant within 6-12 months from the myocardial revascularization for an acute cardiac event. Consequently, we can expect to have patients with an acute IS occurring right in the time frame of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) imposed by the coronary heart disease (CHD). AREAS OF UNCERTAINTY: Until present, there are no evidence-based guidelines for the management of patients with acute IS in need of DAPT for ischemic heart disease. The aim of this article was to go through the available data and to depict the appropriate therapeutic strategy for this category of patients. DATA SOURCES: We have performed a systematic review of the literature through June 2018, using Medline/PubMed database. THERAPEUTIC ADVANCES: DAPT (aspirin and only clopidogrel among all P2Y12 inhibitors) might be maintained or initiated for CHD in patients with minor acute stroke and high-risk transient ischemic attack patient with IS attributable to an important intracranial stenosis, as long as this drug combination proved to be safe for them in the prevention of stroke recurrence. In patients with IS receiving thrombolysis, with increased size of infarction or high National Institute of Health Stroke Score (NIHSS), the risk of hemorrhagic transformation under DAPT must be weighed against the risk of stent thrombosis in the coronary arteries, which, on its turn, depends on the clinical form for which myocardial revascularization was performed, the time interval from the complexity of a certain interventional procedure. CONCLUSIONS: In the acute phase of an IS, maintenance or initiation of DAPT therapy imposed by CHD relies, on one hand, on the risk of hemorrhagic transformation of the brain injury and, on the other hand, on the risk of stent thrombosis in the coronary arteries. The management of these patients must be carried on by a vascular team, on an individualized basis. FAU - Darabont, Roxana Oana
Personalized antiplatelet therapy guided by clopidogrel pharmacogenomics in acute ischemic stroke and transient ischemic attack: A prospective, randomized controlled trial.$$$ Background: Clopidogrel is frequently used in patients with ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA), but its efficacy is hampered by inter-individual variability, due to genetic differences associated with clopidogrel metabolism. We conducted this randomized controlled trial to validate whether the personalized antiplatelet therapy based on clopidogrel pharmacogenomics and clinical characteristics leads to better clinical outcomes compared with standard treatment. Methods: Patients were randomly divided into the standard group or pharmacogenetic group, in which the pharmacogenetic group required the detection of the genotyping of CYP2C19*2, CYP2C19*3, and CYP2C19*17. Patients were followed up for 90 days for the primary efficacy endpoint of new stroke events, secondary efficacy endpoint of individual or composite outcomes of the new clinical vascular events, and the incidence of disability. The primary safety outcome was major bleeding. Results: A total of 650 patients underwent randomization, among which 325 were in the pharmacogenomics group while 325 were in the standard group. Our study found after a 90-day follow-up, the risk of stroke and composite vascular events in the pharmacogenomics group was lower than that in the standard group. The incidence of disability significantly decreased in the pharmacogenomics group. In addition, no statistically significant differences were observed in bleeding events between the two groups. Conclusion: The present study demonstrates that personalized antiplatelet therapy guided by clopidogrel pharmacogenomics and clinical characteristics can significantly improve the net clinical benefit of ischemic stroke or TIA patients during the 90-day treatment period without increasing bleeding risk.
Verifynow P2Y(12) PRU-Guided Modification of Clopidogrel for Prevention of Recurrent Ischemic Stroke: A Real-World Prospective Cohort Study.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Clopidogrel resistance causes recurrent stroke. However, outcomes of modified antiplatelet medications to prevent recurrent ischemic stroke are not well known. METHODS: Patients who received clopidogrel with and without modification as initial treatment for stroke were recruited and compared. The primary outcome was ischemic stroke and myocardial infarction at the 1-year follow-up. The secondary outcome was bleeding complications. RESULTS: Overall, 206 patients treated with clopidogrel were enrolled and were divided into the modification (n = 39) and no modification (n = 167) groups. There was a significant difference in the incidence of severe cerebral arterial stenosis between the two groups (modification group, 16/39, 41.03%; no modification group, 36/167, 21.56%, P = 0.012) at baseline. The loss to follow-up rate was 12.14% (25/206). After adjustment for severe cerebral artery stenosis, antiplatelet modification based on the platelet reactivity unit (PRU) value significantly improved in the per protocol set (odds ratio 0.142, 95% confidential interval 0.022-0.898, P = 0.038). The area under the curve of the different PRU cutoff values were 0.630, 0.605, and 0.591 (P = 0.016, 0.051, and 0.092) for PRU 190, 208, and 235, respectively. CONCLUSION: Verifynow P2Y(12) PRU-guided modification of clopidogrel for ischemic stroke significantly improved or prevented recurrence at the 1-year follow-up. Our findings suggest that clopidogrel therapy based on the PRU cutoff value of 190 should be considered to improve outcomes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02618265 (December 1, 2015).
Clopidogrel monotherapy in patients with and without on-treatment high platelet reactivity: a SMART-CHOICE substudy.$$$ BACKGROUND: Although P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy has emerged as a promising alternative for dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT), there remains concern regarding the safety of clopidogrel monotherapy. AIMS: We sought to investigate clinical outcomes of clopidogrel monotherapy in patients with and without on-treatment high platelet reactivity (HPR). METHODS: In the SMART-CHOICE study, three-month DAPT followed by P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy was compared with 12-month DAPT in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. A platelet function test was performed for 833 patients with clopidogrel-based therapy. The primary endpoint was major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCE: a composite of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, or stroke) at 12 months. RESULTS: Overall, 108 (13.0%) patients had HPR on clopidogrel. Patients with HPR had a significantly higher rate of MACCE than patients without HPR (8.7% vs 1.5%, adjusted HR 3.036, 95% CI: 1.060-8.693, p=0.038). The treatment effect of clopidogrel monotherapy for the 12-month MACCE was not significantly different compared with DAPT among patients with HPR (8.0% vs 9.4%, adjusted HR 0.718, 95% CI: 0.189-2.737, p=0.628) and without HPR (2.2% vs 0.9%, adjusted HR 2.587, 95% CI: 0.684-9.779, p=0.161; adjusted p for interaction=0.170). CONCLUSIONS: Clopidogrel monotherapy showed treatment effects comparable to DAPT for MACCE in patients with or without HPR. However, HPR was significantly associated with an increased risk of MACCE in clopidogrel-treated patients regardless of maintenance of aspirin. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: Comparison Between P2Y12 Antagonist Monotherapy and Dual Antiplatelet Therapy After DES (SMART-CHOICE) (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02079194). FAU - Lee, Seung Hun
Association of Cytochrome P450 Genetic Variants with Clopidogrel Resistance and Outcomes in Acute Ischemic Stroke.$$$ AIMS: Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet drug primarily used to treat or prevent acute ischemic stroke (IS) or myocardial infarction (MI). This prodrug requires biotransformation to an active metabolite by cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes, and CYP single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) could affect the efficiency of such biotransformation. METHODS: A total of 375 consecutive IS patients were genotyped for eight CYP SNPs using mass spectrometry. Platelet aggregation activity was measured before and after the 7-10 day treatment. Gene-gene interactions were analyzed using generalized multifactor dimensionality reduction (GMDR) analysis. All patients received clopidogrel therapy and were followed up for six months. Primary outcomes were evaluated as a composite of recurrent ischemic stroke (RIS), MI, and death. The secondary outcome was the modified Rankin Scale (mRS). RESULTS: Clopidogrel resistance occurred in 153 patients (40.8%). The frequency of CYP3A5 (rs776746) GG/AG and CYP2C19*2 (rs4244285) AA/AG genotypes was significantly higher in clopidogrel-resistant patients than in sensitive patients. There was a significant gene-gene interaction between CYP3A5 (rs776746) and CYP2C19*2 (rs4244285). CYP2C19*2 AA and its interaction with CYP3A5 GG were independent predictors of clopidogrel resistance and affected the activity of platelet aggregation. Diabetes mellitus, CYP2C19*2 (rs4244285), clopidogrel resistance, and the interaction of CYP2C19*2 with CYP3A5 were all independent risk factors for the primary outcomes of clopidogrel treatment. Clopidogrel-resistant patients were more likely to have poor outcomes (mRS ＞2 points) compared with clopidogrel-sensitive patients. CONCLUSION: CYP SNPs and their interactions are associated with drug resistance and outcomes in acute IS patients. FAU - Yi, Xingyang
The influence of ABCB1 and P2Y12 genetic variants on clinical outcomes in Chinese intracranial artery stenosis patients. LID - 10.1111/1440-1681.12957 [doi]$$$ For intracranial artery stenosis patients, high inter-individual variability in response to antiplatelet drug therapy results in recurrent ischemic events. We aimed to evaluate the association of drug-related genetic polymorphisms with adverse clinical outcomes. We consecutively enrolled 157 patients receiving dual-antiplatelet therapy (aspirin plus clopidogrel), and adverse clinical events occurred in 10 patients during the one year follow-up. The P2Y12 polymorphisms (rs9859538 and rs10935842) were associated with increased likelihood of relapse events (OR=2.934, 95%CI=1.022-8.425, P-value=0.045), and the two variants are in complete linkage disequilibrium. The mutation of ABCB1 rs1128503 may decrease the recurrence of clinical events (OR=0.211, 95%CI=0.046-0.957, P-value=0.044). Genetic testing (ABCB1 and P2Y12) may provide useful information to prevent ischemic events prior to the initiation of antiplatelet therapy. This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved.
P2Y12 Inhibitors Plus Aspirin Versus Aspirin Alone in Patients With Minor Stroke or High-Risk Transient Ischemic Attack.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: We performed a systemic review and meta-analysis to elucidate the effectiveness and safety of dual antiplatelet (DAPT) therapy with P2Y12 inhibitors (clopidogrel/ticagrelor) and aspirin versus aspirin monotherapy in patients with mild ischemic stroke or high-risk transient ischemic attack. METHODS: Following Preferred Reported Items for Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis standards for meta-analyses, Medline, Embase, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and the Cochrane Library were searched for randomized controlled trials that included patients with a diagnosis of an acute mild ischemic stroke or high-risk transient ischemic attack, intervention of DAPT therapy with clopidogrel/ticagrelor and aspirin versus aspirin alone from January 2012 to July 2020. The outcomes included subsequent stroke, all-cause mortality, cardiovascular death, hemorrhage (mild, moderate, or severe), and myocardial infarction. A DerSimonian-Laird random-effects model was used to estimate pooled risk ratio (RR) and corresponding 95% CI in R package meta. We assessed the heterogeneity of data across studies with use of the Cochran Q statistic and I(2) test. RESULTS: Four eligible trials involving 21 493 participants were included in the meta-analysis. DAPT therapy started within 24 hours of symptom onset reduced the risk of stroke recurrence by 24% (RR, 0.76 [95% CI, 0.68-0.83], I(2)=0%) but was not associated with a change in all-cause mortality (RR, 1.30 [95% CI, 0.90-1.89], I(2)=0%), cardiovascular death (RR, 1.34 [95% CI, 0.56-3.17], I(2)=0%), mild bleeding (RR, 1.25 [95% CI, 0.37-4.29], I(2)=94%), or myocardial infarction (RR, 1.45 [95% CI, 0.62-3.39], I(2)=0%). However, DAPT was associated with an increased risk of severe or moderate bleeding (RR, 2.17 [95% CI, 1.16-4.08], I(2)=41%); further sensitivity tests found that the association was limited to trials with DAPT treatment duration over 21 days (RR, 2.86 [95% CI, 1.75-4.67], I(2)=0%) or ticagrelor (RR, 2.17 [95% CI, 1.16-4.08], I(2)=37%) but not within 21 days or clopidogrel. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with noncardioembolic mild stroke or high-risk transient ischemic attack, DAPT with aspirin and clopidogrel/ticagrelor is more effective than aspirin alone for recurrent stroke prevention with a small absolute increase in the risk of severe or moderate bleeding. FAU - Li, Zi-Xiao
Effect of intrinsic and extrinsic factors on the clinical pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of prasugrel.$$$ Thienopyridines are inactive prodrugs that are converted in vivo to active metabolites, which irreversibly bind to and inactivate platelet P2Y(12) receptors, and inhibit platelet activation and aggregation. Prasugrel is a third-generation thienopyridine, recently approved for prevention of thrombotic cardiovascular complications in patients with an acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. Prasugrel is converted to its active metabolite (Pras-AM; compound R-138727) in two sequential steps: (i) rapid and complete hydrolysis by intestinal human carboxylesterase-2 to form a thiolactone intermediate; and (ii) oxidation of the thiolactone by cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes in the gut and/or the liver. CYP3A and CYP2B6 are the primary CYPs contributing to Pras-AM formation, with smaller contributions from CYP2C9 and CYP2C19. Prasugrel is rapidly absorbed and metabolized, with Pras-AM plasma concentrations peaking at about 0.5 hours after oral administration; this helps to account for the rapid onset of inhibition of platelet aggregation (IPA) achieved by prasugrel. In the clinical pharmacology programme for prasugrel, bodyweight had the greatest effect of all covariates that were tested. In the phase III TRITON-TIMI 38 trial, the mean exposure to Pras-AM was 42% greater in patients weighing < 60 kg than in patients with the study population median bodyweight of 85 kg. In a pharmacodynamic meta-analysis of data from healthy subjects a decrease of 1 kg in bodyweight was associated with an increase in IPA of approximately 0.26 percentage points (p < 0.0001). Pras-AM exposure was greater in subjects aged ≥ 75 years, but exposure differences were not as large as those for bodyweight. Pras-AM exposure was greater in Asians than in Caucasians, but this appeared to result from a disproportionately greater exposure difference in Asian subjects with low bodyweight. Sex and allelic variation in CYPs 1A2, 2B6, 2C19, 2C9, 3A4 and 3A5 appeared to have no clinically relevant effect on Pras-AM exposure or IPA. Consistent with the lack of association between genetic status and these pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic results in healthy subjects, no significant association was detected between these allelic variants and the composite primary endpoint (cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction or non-fatal stroke) in the TRITON-TIMI 38 trial. Studies in renally impaired subjects and subjects with mild or moderate hepatic impairment have indicated that dose adjustment is not required in these patient populations. Prasugrel has few clinically significant drug-drug interactions. Potent CYP3A inhibitors, gastric acid suppressants and food have been shown to reduce the rate of formation of Pras-AM but not its overall exposure. This pharmacokinetic effect reduced the rate of onset of IPA after a loading dose but did not affect the peak IPA after a loading dose or the IPA during maintenance dosing. Potent induction of CYP3A, as well as smoking--which induces CYP1A2--did not affect Pras-AM exposure or IPA. Prior treatment with clopidogrel did not influence tolerability to prasugrel and did not appear to alter IPA during prasugrel treatment. Prasugrel did not affect the activities of CYP2C9, CYP2C19 or P-glycoprotein, but it weakly inhibited CYP2B6. The inhibition of CYP2B6 is potentially clinically significant only for drugs that have a narrow therapeutic window and have CYP2B6 as the primary elimination pathway. No interaction was detected between prasugrel and heparin. Although prasugrel did not alter warfarin pharmacokinetics, prasugrel and warfarin should not be used together, because of an increased bleeding risk associated with their concomitant use. FAU - Small, David S
The Frequency of CYP2C19 Loss-of-Function Variants in Patients with Non-Cardioembolic Ischemic Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack in the Dutch Population.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The CYP2C19 enzyme converts clopidogrel into an active metabolite. Carriers of CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) variants with a history of ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA) using clopidogrel may have a higher risk of recurrent stroke. To study the implications of genetic CYP2C19 heterogeneity in treatment of cerebral ischemia, knowledge about the prevalence of CYP2C19 LOF variants within the population is important. We investigated the frequency of CYP2C19 LOF variants in patients with non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke or TIA in the Dutch population. METHODS: We performed a single-center observational study with a cross-sectional design in a Dutch thrombectomy-capable stroke center. We included all patients presenting with non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke or TIA. We determined the frequency of CYP2C19 LOF variants in the full cohort. Additionally, we compared the frequency of CYP2C19 LOF variants in two subgroups: patients with first-ever non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke or TIA versus patients with recurrent ischemic stroke or TIA using clopidogrel because of a history of ischemic stroke or TIA. RESULTS: We enrolled 410 patients between January 1, 2021, and July 1, 2021. 109 (26.6%) patients were carriers of CYP2C19 LOF variants. We found no difference in the frequency of CYP2C19 LOF variants between patients with first-ever ischemic stroke or TIA versus patients with recurrent ischemic stroke or TIA using clopidogrel (25.9 vs. 31.9%, respectively, p = 0.31). DISCUSSION AND CONCLUSION: About a quarter of patients with non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke or TIA in the Dutch population carry a CYP2C19 LOF variant. This is lower than estimates found in studies with Asian populations but similar to estimates found among Caucasian patients in other parts of the world.
P2Y12 inhibitors plus aspirin for acute treatment and secondary prevention in minor stroke and high-risk transient ischemic attack: A systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Aspirin is a cornerstone of preventive treatment for stroke recurrence, but during the last few years the role of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) is much more emerging. OBJECTIVE: This systematic review aimed to compare early use of P2Y12 inhibitors (clopidogrel/ticagrelor) plus aspirin to aspirin alone for acute treatment and secondary prevention in acute non-cardioembolic minor ischemic stroke or TIA. METHODS: A systematic search on MEDLINE and EMBASE was performed. Treatment effects were estimated with RRs and 95% CI. We used RevMan 5.4 for data analyses. We assessed methodological quality of selected studies according to Rob2 tools and quality of evidence with GRADE approach. RESULTS: Four RCTs were included, enrolling 21,459 patients. Compared to aspirin alone, DAPT was superior in reducing stroke recurrence (RR 0.74, 95% CI 0.67-0.82, P <0.00001, absolute risk difference by 2%, NNT 50) and disabling stroke defined as mRS>2 (RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.75-0.95, P = 0.004), with no impact on all causes of mortality (RR 1.30, 95% CI 0.90-1.89, P = 0.16). An increased risk of major bleeding was emerged (RR 2.54, 95% CI 1.65-3.92, P <0.0001, absolute risk difference by 0,4%, NNH 250), in particular with ticagrelor, but there was no correlation between therapy duration and bleeding risk, as appeared from one-month (RR 3.06, 95% CI 1.64 to 5.69) and three-month (RR 2.09, 95% CI 1.18 to 3.69) follow-up analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Early administration of P2Y12 inhibitors plus aspirin in patients with acute non-cardioembolic minor ischemic stroke or TIA reduced the incidence of ischemic stroke recurrence, impacting more significantly than the increased bleeding risk and influencing patients' quality of life by reducing disabling stroke.
Ticagrelor is more effective than clopidogrel in carrier of nonfunctional CYP2C19 allele who has diabetes and acute coronary syndrome - case report and literature review.$$$ Clopidogrel is a purinergic receptor P2Y12 (P2RY12)-blocking pro-drug used to inhibit platelet aggregation in patients at risk for major adverse cardiac events (MACE), such as coronary artery disease and stroke. Despite clopidogrel therapy, some patients may still present with recurrent cardiovascular events. One possible cause of recurrence are variants in the cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) gene. CYP2C19 is responsible for the metabolism of many drugs including clopidogrel. Recent studies have associated pharmacogenetics testing of CYP2C19 variants to guide clopidogrel therapy with a decreased risk of certain recurrent MACEs. Through a different mechanism, diabetes mellitus (DM) and obesity are also associated with clopidogrel treatment failure. We describe the case of a 64-year-old Caucasian woman with a history of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), and DM/obesity, who presented to University of Texas Medical Branch (UTMB) in 2019 with a transient ischemic attack (TIA) while on clopidogrel/aspirin dual anti-platelet therapy. After CYP2C19 genetic testing revealed that she was an intermediate metabolizer with a heterozygous *2 genotype, ticagrelor replaced the clopidogrel treatment regimen. No future MACEs were documented in the two-year patient follow-up. Thus, ACS patients with DM/obesity who have undergone PCI and are intermediate CYP2C19 metabolizers may yield better treatment outcomes if prescribed ticagrelor instead of clopidogrel. Whether this improvement was due to genotype-guided therapy or the differing interactions of clopidogrel/ticagrelor in DM/obese patients is unknown based on available data. Regardless, CYP2C19 genotype-guided treatment of ACS/PCI patients, with consideration of DM/obesity status, may provide effective individualized therapy compared to standard treatment. The inclusion of DM/obesity in this study is clinically relevant because DM/obesity has become a major health issue in the United States and worldwide. FAU - Tekeste, Rahel
CYP2C19 and CES1 polymorphisms and efficacy of clopidogrel and aspirin dual antiplatelet therapy in patients with symptomatic intracranial atherosclerotic disease.$$$ OBJECT Symptomatic intracranial atherosclerotic disease (ICAD) has a high risk of recurrent stroke. Genetic polymorphisms in CYP2C19 and CES1 are associated with adverse outcomes in cardiovascular patients, but have not been studied in ICAD. The authors studied CYP2C19 and CES1 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in symptomatic ICAD patients. METHODS Genotype testing for CYP2C19*2, (*)3, (*)8, (*)17 and CES1 G143E was performed on 188 adult symptomatic ICAD patients from 3 medical centers who were medically managed with clopidogrel and aspirin. Testing was performed prospectively at 1 center, and retrospectively from a DNA sample biorepository at 2 centers. Multiple logistic regression and Cox regression analysis were performed to assess the association of these SNPs with the primary endpoint, which was a composite of transient ischemic attack (TIA), stroke, myocardial infarction, or death within 12 months. RESULTS The primary endpoint occurred in 14.9% of the 188 cases. In multiple logistic regression analysis, the presence of the CYP2C19 loss of function (LOF) alleles *2, *3, and *8 in the medically managed patients was associated with lower odds of primary endpoint compared with wild-type homozygotes (odds ratio [OR] 0.13, 95% CI 0.03-0.62, p = 0.0101). Cox regression analysis demonstrated the CYP2C19 LOF carriers had a lower risk for the primary endpoint, with hazard ratio (HR) of 0.27 (95% CI 0.08-0.95), p = 0.041. A sensitivity analysis of a secondary composite endpoint of TIA, stroke, or death demonstrated a significant trend in multiple logistic regression analysis of CYP2C19 variants, with lower odds of secondary endpoint in patients carrying at least 1 LOF allele (*2, *3, *8) than in wild-type homozygotes (OR 0.27, 95% CI 0.06-1.16, p = 0.078). Cox regression analysis demonstrated that the carriers of CYP2C19 LOF alleles had a lower risk forthe secondary composite endpoint (HR 0.22, 95% CI 0.05-1.04, p = 0.056). CONCLUSIONS This is the first study examining genetic variants and their effects in symptomatic ICAD. Variant alleles of CYP2C19 (*2, *3, *8) were associated with lower odds of the primary and secondary composite endpoints. However, the direction of the association was opposite of what is expected based on this SNP. This may reflect an incomplete understanding of this genetic variation and its effect in symptomatic ICAD and warrants further investigations. FAU - Hoh, Brian L
Cost-effectiveness of CYP2C19 genotyping to guide antiplatelet therapy for acute minor stroke and high-risk transient ischemic attack.$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with clopidogrel plus aspirin within 48 h of acute minor strokes and transient ischemic attacks (TIAs) has been indicated to effectively reduce the rate of recurrent strokes. However, the efficacy of clopidogrel has been shown to be affected by cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) polymorphisms. Patients carrying loss-of-function alleles (LoFAs) at a low risk of recurrence (ESRS < 3) cannot benefit from clopidogrel plus aspirin at all and may have an increased bleeding risk. In order to optimize antiplatelet therapy for these patients and avoid the waste of medical resources, it is important to identify the subgroups that genuinely benefit from DAPT with clopidogrel plus aspirin through CYP2C19 genotyping. This study sought to assess the cost-effectiveness of CYP2C19 genotyping to guide drug therapy for acute minor strokes or high-risk TIAs in China. A decision tree and Markov model were constructed to evaluate the cost-effectiveness of CYP2C19 genotyping. We used a healthcare payer perspective, and the primary outcomes included quality-adjusted life years (QALYs), costs and the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER). Sensitivity analyses were performed to evaluate the robustness of the results. CYP2C19 genotyping resulted in a lifetime gain of 0.031 QALYs at an additional cost of CNY 420.13 (US$ 59.85), yielding an ICER of CNY 13,552.74 (US$ 1930.59) per QALY gained. Probabilistic sensitivity analysis showed that genetic testing was more cost-effective in 95.7% of the simulations at the willingness-to-pay threshold of CNY 72,100 (GDP per capita, US$ 10,300) per QALY. Therefore, CYP2C19 genotyping to guide antiplatelet therapy for acute minor strokes and high-risk TIAs is highly cost-effective in China. FAU - Cai, Zeling
Clopidogrel Pharmacogenetics in Iranian Patients Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.$$$ Clopidogrel is used in patients with coronary syndromes and at risk of thrombotic events or receiving percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) for reducing heart attack and stroke. Here we present genotype and phenotype study of Iranian patients undergoing PCI treated with clopidogrel during a 6-month period of follow-up; common variants of CYP2C19, CYP3A5, CYP3A4, and ABCB1 genes were determined as well as the patients' cardiovascular outcomes to find out the effect of these variants individually and in combination. 388 individuals receiving PCI were enrolled in this study. Different pretreatment doses of clopidogrel were prescribed under the interventional cardiologists' guidance. The patients were followed for a duration of 1 month, and 6 months. Six SNPs were selected for genotyping including CYP2C19*2 (c.681G > A), CYP2C19*3 (c.636G > A), CYP2C19*17 allele (c.-806C > T), ABCB1 (c.3435C > T), CYP3A5 (c.6986A > G), and CYP3A4 (c.1026 + 12G > A). The mean loading dose was 600 mg/day in 267 (68.8%) individuals, 300 mg/day in 121 (31.2%). 8 patients had cardiovascular events such as thrombosis, unstable angina, and non-STEMI. The studied alleles and genotypes were in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium. None of the SNPs individually were significantly associated with outcome events. Our results indicate that combinations of different alleles of genes are involved in pharmacokinetic variability and joint factors are important; this means that genotyping and analysis of an individual variant may not be as straightforward in risk assessment and pharmacogenetics. This highlights the importance of personalized medicine in risk assessment and treatment. FAU - Mahdieh, Nejat
Antiplatelet therapy for secondary prevention of noncardioembolic ischemic stroke: a critical review.$$$ For patients with ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack caused by atherothromboembolism, immediate and long-term aspirin reduces the relative risk of recurrent stroke, MI, and death attributable to vascular causes. Oral anticoagulation is not more effective than aspirin. Long-term clopidogrel reduces the relative risk of stroke, MI, or vascular death by about 9% (0.3% to 16.5%) compared with aspirin. Any long-term benefits of clopidogrel combined with aspirin, compared with aspirin or clopidogrel alone, appear to be offset by increased major bleeding. The combination of aspirin and extended-release dipyridamole reduces the relative odds of stroke, MI, or vascular death by about 18% (odds ratio 0.82, 0.74 to 0.91) compared with aspirin alone without causing more bleeding. Cilostazole reduces the risk of stroke, MI, or vascular death by 39% compared to placebo. A large clinical trial comparing clopidogrel with the combination of aspirin and dipyridamole, in >20 000 patients with recent (<120 days) atherothrombotic ischemic stroke, is expected to report in 2008. Emerging antiplatelet therapies presently being evaluated for secondary prevention of atherothromboembolism include other P(2)Y(12) ADP receptor antagonists (prasugrel, cangrelor, AZD 6140), thromboxane receptor antagonists (eg, S18886 - terutroban), and thrombin receptor (PAR-1) antagonists (eg, SCH530348). FAU - O'Donnell, Martin J
Aspirin and Clopidogrel Resistance in Indian Patients with Ischemic Stroke and its Associations with Gene Polymorphisms: A Pilot Study.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Antiplatelet resistance is one of the urgent issues in current stroke care. One-third to one-half of the patients who experience a recurrent stroke is already on antiplatelet medications. We studied resistance to aspirin and clopidogrel in Indian stroke patients and its association with gene polymorphisms. METHODS: Platelet function testing by light transmission aggregometry was performed on 65 patients with ischemic stroke who were stable on dual antiplatelet therapy (clopidogrel 75 mg OD and aspirin 75 mg OD) along with 65 age-matched controls. Aspirin resistance was considered as mean platelet aggregation ≥70% with 10 μM adenosine diphosphate (ADP) and ≥20% with 0.75 mM arachidonic acid. Clopidogrel resistance was defined as <10% decrease from the baseline in platelet aggregation in response to ADP 10 μM and semi-response as <30% decrease from the baseline. Polymorphisms CYP2C19 * 2 and GPIIb/IIIa (PLA1/A2) were genotyped by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism. RESULTS: We found 64.6% (42/65) patients with inadequate response to clopidogrel (15.4% [10/65] resistant and 49.2% [32/65] semi-responders) and 4.6% (3/65) patients with inadequate response to aspirin (3.1% [2/65] resistant and 1.5% [1/65] semi-responder). The frequency of CYP2C19*2 mutant genotype was significantly higher in clopidogrel nonresponders compared to responders (P = 0.014). Clopidogrel nonresponsiveness was much higher in small vessel stroke. CONCLUSION: Unlike aspirin, a high proportion of nonresponders to clopidogrel was identified. In an interim analysis on 65 Indian patients, a significant association was found between CYP2C19*2 and clopidogrel nonresponsiveness. FAU - Patel, Samir
Impact of the ABCD-GENE Score on Clopidogrel Clinical Effectiveness after PCI: A Multi-Site, Real-World Investigation.$$$ The Age, Body mass index, Chronic kidney disease, Diabetes mellitus, and CYP2C19 GENEtic variants (ABCD-GENE) score was developed to identify patients at risk for diminished antiplatelet effects with clopidogrel after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). The objective of this study was to validate the ability of the ABCD-GENE score to predict the risk for atherothrombotic events in a diverse, real-world population of clopidogrel-treated patients who underwent PCI and received clinical CYP2C19 genotyping to guide antiplatelet therapy. A total of 2,341 adult patients who underwent PCI, were genotyped for CYP2C19, and received treatment with clopidogrel across four institutions were included (mean age 64 ± 12 years, 35% women, and 20% Black). The primary outcome was major atherothrombotic events, defined as the composite of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, stent thrombosis, or revascularization for unstable angina within 12 months following PCI. Major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), defined as the composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, or stent thrombosis, was assessed as the secondary outcome. Outcomes were compared between patients with an ABCD-GENE score ≥ 10 vs. < 10. The risk of major atherothrombotic events was higher in patients with an ABCD-GENE score ≥ 10 (n = 505) vs. < 10 (n = 1,836; 24.6 vs. 14.7 events per 100 patient-years, adjusted hazard ratio (HR) 1.66, 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.23-2.25, P < 0.001). The risk for MACE was also higher among patients with a score ≥ 10 vs. < 10 (16.7 vs. 10.1 events per 100 patient-years, adjusted HR 1.59, 95% CI 1.11-2.30, P = 0.013). Our diverse, real-world data demonstrate diminished clopidogrel effectiveness in post-PCI patients with an ABCD-GENE score ≥ 10.
Risk of ischaemic and haemorrhagic stroke in Chinese undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention treated with potent P2Y12 inhibitor versus clopidogrel.$$$ BACKGROUND: Stroke after acute coronary syndrome (ACS) can be devastating. It is uncertain whether the risks of ischaemic stroke or intracranial haemorrhage (ICH) are associated with different choices of P2Y12 inhibitors (potent P2Y12 inhibitors such as ticagrelor and prasugrel vs clopidogrel). Even though East Asians are known to have different thrombotic and haemorrhagic profiles from Caucasians, data on Chinese patients are sparse. METHOD: This was a retrospective cohort study conducting in Chinese patients with ACS who underwent first-ever percutaneous coronary intervention from 14 hospitals in Hong Kong between 2010 and 2017. The primary efficacy endpoint was ischaemic stroke. The secondary efficacy endpoint was a composite outcome of thrombotic events including all-cause mortality, non-fatal myocardial infarction and ischaemic stroke. The primary safety endpoint was ICH. The secondary safety endpoint was a composite of major bleeding events. RESULTS: After adjustment of baseline characteristics by 1:1 propensity score matching, a total of 6220 patients (3110 on each group) were analysed. Compared with clopidogrel, potent P2Y12 inhibitors were associated with a lower risk of ischaemic stroke (HR 0.57; 95% CI 0.37 to 0.87; p=0.008) and a lower risk of thrombotic events (HR 0.77; 95% CI 0.66 to 0.90; p=0.001). Potent P2Y12 inhibitor was associated with similar risk of ICH (HR 0.65; 95% CI 0.34 to 1.25, p=0.20) and major bleeding (HR 0.83; 95% CI 0.68 to 1.01, p=0.069). CONCLUSIONS: Potent P2Y12 inhibitors were associated with a lower adjusted risk of ischaemic stroke and thrombotic events, compared with clopidogrel. The risks of ICH and major bleeding were similar.
Inhibitory Effects of P2Y12 Receptor Antagonist on PAR1- and PAR4-AP-Induced Platelet Aggregation in Patients with Stroke or TIA.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The inhibitory effects of P2Y12 receptor antagonist on PAR1- and PAR4-activating peptide (AP)-induced platelet aggregation have not been fully elucidated. The present study aimed to investigate the inhibitory effects of P2Y12 receptor antagonist on PAR1- and PAR4-AP-induced platelet aggregation using platelet-rich plasma (PRP) from individuals including patients with stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA). MATERIALS AND METHODS: PRP was given to 10 healthy individuals pretreated in vitro with cangrelor, then stimulated with adenosine diphosphate (ADP), PAR4-AP, or PAR1-AP. Moreover, 20 patients were enrolled from 148 consecutive patients with acute ischemic stroke or TIA admitted to our institute between December 2017 and April 2019. PRP obtained from each patient before and >7 days after initiation of clopidogrel was similarly stimulated with these agonists. Platelet aggregation was measured using an automatic coagulation analyzer in all participants. RESULTS: In healthy individuals, ADP- and PAR4-AP-induced platelet aggregations were significantly inhibited depending on the cangrelor concentration in vitro, while PAR1-AP-induced platelet aggregation was slightly inhibited. In patients with stroke or TIA, clopidogrel inhibited ADP-induced platelet aggregation at all concentrations, and significantly inhibited PAR4-AP-induced platelet aggregation at 50 µmol/L of PAR4-AP (p<0.05), especially in 5 patients who showed high reactivity to PAR4-AP. PAR1-AP-induced platelet aggregation was also slightly inhibited. CONCLUSIONS: We showed significant inhibitory effects on PAR4-AP-induced platelet aggregation by clopidogrel in patients with stroke or TIA who had high reactivity to PAR4-AP.
Cytochrome p-450 polymorphisms and response to clopidogrel.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel requires transformation into an active metabolite by cytochrome P-450 (CYP) enzymes for its antiplatelet effect. The genes encoding CYP enzymes are polymorphic, with common alleles conferring reduced function. METHODS: We tested the association between functional genetic variants in CYP genes, plasma concentrations of active drug metabolite, and platelet inhibition in response to clopidogrel in 162 healthy subjects. We then examined the association between these genetic variants and cardiovascular outcomes in a separate cohort of 1477 subjects with acute coronary syndromes who were treated with clopidogrel in the Trial to Assess Improvement in Therapeutic Outcomes by Optimizing Platelet Inhibition with Prasugrel-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TRITON-TIMI) 38. RESULTS: In healthy subjects who were treated with clopidogrel, carriers of at least one CYP2C19 reduced-function allele (approximately 30% of the study population) had a relative reduction of 32.4% in plasma exposure to the active metabolite of clopidogrel, as compared with noncarriers (P<0.001). Carriers also had an absolute reduction in maximal platelet aggregation in response to clopidogrel that was 9 percentage points less than that seen in noncarriers (P<0.001). Among clopidogrel-treated subjects in TRITON-TIMI 38, carriers had a relative increase of 53% in the composite primary efficacy outcome of the risk of death from cardiovascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke, as compared with noncarriers (12.1% vs. 8.0%; hazard ratio for carriers, 1.53; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.07 to 2.19; P=0.01) and an increase by a factor of 3 in the risk of stent thrombosis (2.6% vs. 0.8%; hazard ratio, 3.09; 95% CI, 1.19 to 8.00; P=0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Among persons treated with clopidogrel, carriers of a reduced-function CYP2C19 allele had significantly lower levels of the active metabolite of clopidogrel, diminished platelet inhibition, and a higher rate of major adverse cardiovascular events, including stent thrombosis, than did noncarriers.
The association between CYP2C19 genotype and of in-stent restenosis among patients with vertebral artery stent treatment.$$$ AIMS: Preventing stroke through endovascular treatment with vertebral artery stent remains a great challenge due to the occurrence of an in-stent restenosis. MATERIALS & METHODS: In this study, a retrospective analysis was conducted in 90 patients who had been treated with VAS between 2004 and 2011 in Nanjing Drum Tower Hospital. Patients were followed up at 3 months, 6 months,and 1 year after VAS treatment and annually thereafter. For each time point, neurological function tests, vessel ultrasound and computer tomography angiography were performed to preliminarily screen the vessel stenosis. Digital subtraction angiography was used to verify the narrow sign on CTA or ultrasound. Clinical features of each patient including clopidogrel metabolization genes (CYP2C19, CYP3A4, and P2Y12) were recorded with purpose to investigate the possible risk factors for the development of ISR. RESULTS: Single factor analysis dem-onstrated that hyperlipidemia (P < 0.05) and CYP2C19 (P < 0.01) loss-of-function geno-type increased the likelihood of ISR. A multiple logistic cox regression analysis also showed that stroke patients with hyperlipidemia (HR 3.719, 95% CI: 1.094-12.637, P = 0.035), and CYP2C19 loss-of-function genotype (HR 2.959, 95% CI: 1.325-6.610, P = 0.008) were more likely to suffer from ISR. Furthermore, CYP2C19 alleles were mainly divided into three groups: wt/wt (CYP2C19 *1/*1), wt/m (CYP2C19 *1/*2 and *1/*3), and m/m (CYP2C19 *2/*2,*2/*3 and*3/*3). Recurrent rate of ischemic stroke in m/m and wt/m groups was higher than the wt/wt group (OR: 0.141, 95% CI: 0.016-1.221, P = 0.042). CONCLUSION: The study leads to the conclusion that hyperlipidemia and CYP2C19 impotency are possible risk factors for the development of ISR in VAS-treated patients with ischemic. Moreover, VAS-treated patients with CYP2C19 impotency were susceptible to recurrent stroke during our 54-month follow-up.
Personalized antiplatelet therapy based on clopidogrel/aspirin resistance tests in acute ischemic stroke and transient ischemic attack: Study protocol of a multi-center, single-blinded and randomized controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel and aspirin are key intervention for acute ischemic stroke (AIS) and transient ischemic attack (TIA). However, with increased clinical application, many patients have shown clopidogrel resistance (CR) and/or aspirin resistance (AR) that affect antiplatelet therapy on AIS/TIA. At present, there is no research reported on personalized antiplatelet therapy guidelines for patients with CR and/or AR. Our study aims to assess the effect of personalized antiplatelet therapy based on CYP2C19 genotype and urine 11-dhTxB2 tests in patients with AIS or TIA. METHODS: This is a multi-center randomized controlled trial. Eligible patients with AIS/TIA from 14 comprehensive hospitals in Jiangxi province will be recruited after obtaining informed consent. Participants will be randomly divided into the intervention group and the control group at a ratio of 1:1. personalized antiplatelet therapy based on the CYP2C19 genotype/urine11-dhTxB2 tests will be given to the intervention group. Demographics, disease history, laboratory investigations, therapys, physiological tests, imaging reports and other clinical features will be collected. Clinical outcomes including stroke recurrence, Modified Rankin Scale (mRS) score, bleeding events and all-cause mortality will be assessed at the 1st, 3rd, 6th, and 12th-month post-discharge. DISCUSSION: Our study will conduct free antiplatelet resistance tests and personalized antiplatelet therapy for AIS/TIA patients with CR/AR, ultimately evaluating personalized therapy effectiveness through one-year follow-up. The research results will help to assess the impact of personalized antiplatelet therapy on the prognosis of stroke, thus providing reference for precise clinical treatment.
CYP2C19 Loss-of-Function is Associated with Increased Risk of Ischemic Stroke after Transient Ischemic Attack in Intracranial Atherosclerotic Disease.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Intracranial atherosclerotic disease (ICAD) is responsible for 8-10% of acute ischemic strokes, and resistance to antiplatelet therapy is prevalent. CYP2C19 gene loss-of-function (up to 45% of patients) causes clopidogrel resistance. For patients with asymptomatic ICAD and ICAD characterized by transient ischemic attack (TIA), this study measures the effect of CYP2C19 loss-of-function on ischemic stroke risk during clopidogrel therapy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: From a deidentified database of medical records, patients were selected with ICD-9/10 code for ICAD, availability of CYP2C19 genotype, clopidogrel exposure, and established patient care. Dual-antiplatelet therapy patients were included. Patients with prior ischemic stroke, other neurovascular condition, intracranial angioplasty/stenting, or observation time <1 month were excluded. Time-to-event analysis using Cox regression was conducted to model first-time ischemic stroke events based on CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele and adjusted for age, gender, race, length of aspirin, length of concurrent antiplatelet/anticoagulant treatment, diabetes, coagulopathy, hypertension, heart disease, atrial fibrillation, and lipid disorder. Subset analyses were performed for asymptomatic and post-TIA subtypes of ICAD. RESULTS: A total of 337 patients were included (median age 68, 58% male, 88% Caucasian, 26% CYP2C19 loss-of-function). A total of 161 (47.8%) patients had TIA at time of ICAD diagnosis, while 176 (52.2%) were asymptomatic. First-time ischemic stroke was observed among 20 (12.4%) post-TIA ICAD patients and 17 (9.7%) asymptomatic ICAD patients. Median observation time was 2.82 [IQR 1.13-5.17] years. CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele was associated with ischemic stroke event (HR 2.2, 95% CI 1.1-4.3, p=0.020) after adjustment. Post-TIA ICAD patients had a higher risk of ischemic stroke from CYP2C19 loss-of-function (HR 3.4, 95% CI 1.4-8.2, p=0.006). CONCLUSIONS: CYP2C19 loss-of-function was associated with 3-fold increased risk of first-time ischemic stroke for ICAD patients treated with clopidogrel after TIA. This effect was not observed for asymptomatic ICAD. CYP2C19-guided antiplatelet selection may improve stroke prevention in ICAD after TIA.
Use of Tirofiban to Prevent Ischemic Events in Patients with CYP2C19 Loss-of-Function Alleles during Flow Diversion of Intracranial Aneurysm: A Multicenter Cohort Study.$$$ To analyze the effect of tirofiban on ischemic events in CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) allele carriers during pipeline embolization device (PED) implantation. Demographic information, imaging data, ischemic complications, CYP2C19 genotyping, and platelet function test results were collected from patients with PED-treated intracranial aneurysms at three centers. Multivariate logistic regression was used to analyze risk factors for ischemic events. Patients were grouped according to LOF alleles and antiplatelet drugs, the baseline information of LOF allele carriers and non-carriers were compared, and the efficacy of tirofiban was analyzed by comparing the incidence of ischemic events in each group. In total, 278 patients were included in the study, 24 of whom had an ischemic event. 157 (56.5%) patients carried the LOF allele and were more likely to develop resistance to clopidogrel (P < 0.001) and hypertension (P = 0.010). Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that the independent risk factors for ischemic events were age of > 55 years (OR = 3.308, P = 0.028), LOF alleles (OR = 3.960, P = 0.036), and clopidogrel nonresponsiveness (OR = 3.301, P = 0.014). For LOF allele carriers, prophylactic use of tirofiban after PED implantation helped to reduce ischemic events (4.3% vs. 16.4%, P = 0.039). This study supports CYP2C19 genotyping before flow diversion because LOF alleles increase the risk of ischemic events. Prophylactic use of tirofiban may help reduce ischemic events in LOF allele carriers.
Importance of potent P2Y(12) receptor blockade in acute myocardial infarction: focus on prasugrel.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Prasugrel therapy is recommended in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). AREAS COVERED: This article reviews the efficacy and safety profile of prasugrel, cost considerations, and its role in clinical practice based on published data. The authors searched PubMed and Ovid databases for English language clinical trial articles involving the use of prasugrel in human subjects and patients, published through June 2012. The keyword "prasugrel" was used. The review focuses on clinical trials, but other articles including Food and Drug Administration documents are also reviewed. EXPERT OPINION: Prasugrel has a more rapid and greater pharmacodynamic (PD) effect than clopidogrel. No significant drug - drug interactions have been reported. In a large-scale randomized clinical trial, prasugrel was associated with better protection against ischemic event occurrence compared to clopidogrel, but more bleeding in ACS patients undergoing PCI. Adverse outcomes outweighed the benefit of prasugrel in certain subgroups, including patients over the age of 75, those weighing less than 60 kg, and patients with a prior history of stroke or transient ischemic attack. In subsequent PD studies, prasugrel therapy showed suboptimal platelet inhibition in selected patients. In addition, "hyper-responsiveness" to prasugrel may increase the risk of serious bleeding in high-risk patients. More detailed studies are warranted to explore antiplatelet regimens tailored to optimally limit ischemic and bleeding event occurrences. A Phase-III TRILOGY trial (NCT00699998) will indicate the clinical efficacy and safety of prasugrel in patients with non-ST-segment elevation ACS, who are medically managed without coronary revascularization. FAU - Jeong, Young-Hoon
Influence of Clinically Significant Genes on Antiplatelet Effect of Clopidogrel and Clinical Outcomes in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome and Atrial Fibrillation.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The interindividual variability of the antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel is determined by multiple clinical and genetic factors. A lot of genotype-oriented studies have concentrated on the impact of CYP2C19 gene polymorphisms on platelet aggregation in patients receiving clopidogrel. However, the influence of this polymorphism may be only 12-20%, so other genetic markers should also be investigated. The aim of this work was to study the impact of carriage of CES1, PON1, ABCG2, CYP4F2, CYP3A4, IGTB3, P2Y12, PEAR1, and B4GALT2 polymorphisms on antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel and clinical outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and atrial fibrillation (AF). METHODS: 103 patients who underwent ACS with or without percutaneous coronary intervention and concomitant nonvalvular AF were included in an open multicenter prospective study to assess efficacy and safety of combined antithrombotic therapy. The study assessed the frequency of different primary clinical outcomes (incidence of major bleeding, hospital mortality, cardiovascular mortality, stroke and transient ischemic attacks (TIAs), renal mortality) and secondary outcomes (resistance to therapy - high residual platelet reactivity, excessive platelet suppression). Residual platelet reactivity was examined using the VerifyNow system (Accumetrics, Latham, NY, USA). RESULTS: None of the studied genetic markers had no statistically significant effect on the antiaggregant response to clopidogrel in patients with ACS and AF. However, CYP4F2 C(Val433Met) T, PEAR1 rs41273215 C>T were statistically significantly associated with an increased frequency of bleeding on antithrombotic therapy. B4GALT2 rs1061781 was statistically significantly associated with increased frequency of strokes and TIA. CONCLUSION: In our study, we determined that carriers of CYP4F2 gene polymorphisms C(Val433Met)T, PEAR1 rs41273215 C>T (CT+TT) were associated with lower safety of antithrombotic therapy in patients with ACS and AF. And, the B4GALT2 rs1061781 gene polymorphism was associated with a greater risk of insufficient efficacy of the therapy. The data obtained in our study may improve the understanding of the effect of less studied genetic markers on the efficacy and safety of antithrombotic therapy in patients with ACS and AF.
Impact of CYP2C19 polymorphism in prognosis of minor stroke or TIA patients with declined eGFR on dual antiplatelet therapy: CHANCE substudy.$$$ Clopidogrel resistance is prevalent in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients. Genetic polymorphism is considered to be the most important factor that influences clopidogrel resistance. Limited data exist as to the role of pharmacogenetics in prognosis of stroke patients with impaired renal function on clopidogrel. We sought to explore whether decreased kidney function alters the association between CYP2C19 genetic variants and clinical outcome in patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA) receiving clopidogrel therapy. A total of 1476 participants on clopidogrel-aspirin treatment with genotyping results in High-Risk Patients with Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events (CHANCE) trial were categorized by quintiles of renal function estimated by estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), and were stratified according to the possession of CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles: carriers and non-carriers. Patients were followed up and clinical outcomes were evaluated. The primary efficacy outcome was new stroke. The secondary efficacy outcome was combined vascular events (ischemic stroke, hemorrhagic stroke, myocardial infarction, or vascular death). The safety outcome was bleeding event. CYP2C19 LOF carriers had higher odds of new stroke than non-carriers (10.4% versus 2.4 %, hazard ratio [HR], 5.30; 95% CI, 1.51-18.3, P = 0.009) in the lowest quintile of renal function group with eGFR < 75 ml/min/1.73 m(2) but not in the other four higher quintiles. Similar results were observed for the ischemic stroke and combined vascular events. There was no significant difference in the individual outcomes of bleeding in carriers compared with non-carriers in any renal function group. Among patients with minor stroke or TIA taking clopidogrel-aspirin treatment, CYP2C19 LOF carrier state was associated with higher risk of new stroke in those with eGFR < 75 ml/min/1.73 m(2). This observation supports that the evaluation of CYP2C19 LOF carrier state may be useful for identification of the patients with kidney impairment with greater likelihood of having worse outcomes. FAU - Wu, Yu
Review article: combination of clopidogrel and proton pump inhibitors: implications for clinicians.$$$ OBJECTIVES: to evaluate the existing literature on a proposed interaction between clopidogrel and proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) and discuss its implications for clinicians treating patients with this combination therapy. BACKGROUND: each year millions of patients receive antiplatelet therapy. A number of these patients are prescribed PPIs concomitantly to reduce the risk of gastrointestinal side effects associated with antiplatelet therapy. Several studies have been published recently addressing a potential adverse drug-drug interaction between clopidogrel and PPIs. METHODS: literature was evaluated through Pubmed using the terms clopidogrel, PPI, prasugrel, cytochrome P450, genetic polymorphisms, H( 2) blockers, famotidine, genetic cytochrome P450 polymorphisms, and drug interaction. Articles with these terms were considered for evaluation. In addition, reference citations from publications identified in the searches were further reviewed and analyzed. RESULTS: none of the currently published studies were specifically designed to evaluate this drug-drug interaction or address the clinical relevance of this interaction prospectively. Conflicting evidence raised concerns but the information did not conclude with certainty a cause-and-effect relationship between concomitant use of the drugs and emerging safety issues. However, the Food and Drug Administration issued a public-health warning on the possible interaction between clopidogrel and PPIs, predominantly with omeprazole, in November 2009. CONCLUSIONS: controversies exist on a potential drug-drug interaction between clopidogrel and PPIs. Although further studies are warranted, several studies indicated that there was a drug-drug interaction through this combination therapy with detrimental clinical outcomes and increased costs. Studies suggested that the use of a PPI may make clopidogrel less effective resulting in a higher risk of myocardial infarction, stroke, or death. Until additional information becomes available clinicians should consider discontinuing PPI use if no clear indication is documented. Alternative options like H(2)-receptor antagonists should be considered. Upon availability, genetic testing may provide additional valuable information. FAU - Tran, Marie
Novel antiplatelet agents in the prevention of cardiovascular complications--focus on ticagrelor.$$$ Atherothrombosis, thrombus formation as a result of atherosclerotic plaque rupture, is a major modern health problem, often underlying coronary artery disease, stroke, and peripheral arterial disease. After the treatment of an acute thrombotic episode, long-term therapy is warranted as a secondary prophylaxis of such events and their complications. Because of the importance of platelets' involvement in the initiation and propagation of thrombosis, antiplatelet drugs have come to the forefront of atherothrombotic disease treatment. Dual antiplatelet therapy of aspirin plus clopidogrel--the current standard--has its benefits, but it also has its limitations with regard to its pharmacologic properties and adverse effects. For these reasons, within the last decade or so, the investigation of novel antiplatelet agents has prospered. Here, we review the main pathways through which platelets participate in acute thrombosis and the interruption of these pathways by using novel antiplatelet agents, including P2Y12 receptor antagonists (the recently approved prasugrel, the probable next-in-line ticagrelor, and others). The need for a more individualized patient therapy is evident; although most of the aforementioned pharmaceuticals have the potential to contribute to this, their clinical utility remains to be seen. FAU - Marczewski, Margaret M
Cost-effectiveness of CYP2C19 LOF-guided antiplatelet therapy in Chinese patients with acute coronary syndrome.$$$ Aim: This study aimed to evaluate the cost-effectiveness of CYP2C19 loss-of-function(LOF) allele-guided antiplatelet therapy compared with the universal use of clopidogrel or ticagrelor among Chinese patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. Methods: A two-part cost-effectiveness model comprising of a 1-year decision tree and a long-term Markov model was utilized to simulate outcomes of three treatment strategies: universal use of clopidogrel (75 mg daily) or universal use of ticagrelor 90 mg twice daily for all patients and CYP2C19 LOF-guided therapy (LOF allele carriers receiving ticagrelor, LOF allele noncarriers receiving clopidogrel). Model outcomes included quality-adjusted life years (QALYs) gained, direct medical costs and incremental cost-effectiveness ratios (ICERs). ICERs less than one-time gross domestic product per capita in China 59,660 yuan/QALY were considered cost-effective. Results: Base-case analysis showed 'universal ticagrelor use' was cost-effective for an ICER of 33,875 yuan per QALY gained compared with 'universal clopidogrel use' of which gained a 1.6932 QALYs at lowest life-long cost of 2450 yuan. CYP2C19 LOF-guided therapy had an effectiveness of 1.6975 QALYs at a cost of 2812 yuan, for an ICER of 84,118 yuan per QALY gained relative to 'universal clopidogrel use'. Sensitivity analysis demonstrated that base-case results were significantly affected by five factors: the risk ratio of 'non-fatal myocardial infarction', 'non-fatal stroke' and 'cardiovascular death' in ticagrelor versus clopidogrel and the annual costs of clopidogrel and ticagrelor. According to the results of Monte Carlo simulation, when willing to pay is about 32,000 yuan, patients willing to receive clopidogrel or ticagrelor are approximately equal. Conclusion: Optimal antiplatelet treatment is affected by lots of factors. The results of our study demonstrated that 'universal ticagrelor use' was cost-effective compared with 'universal clopidogrel use' for Chinese acute coronary syndrome patients with percutaneous coronary intervention. FAU - Fu, Yu
Association between CYP2C19 polymorphisms and clinical outcomes in patients undergoing stent procedure for cerebral artery stenosis.$$$ We investigated the effect of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on the clinical outcomes of clopidogrel therapy in patients after stenting procedure for cerebral artery stenosis in northeast China. 568 patients performed CYP2C19 genotype screening in the neurosurgery department of our hospital; 154 patients were finally recruited according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria, and followed-up for 6 months. Ischemic events including (1) transient ischemic attack (TIA); (2) stent thrombosis; (3) ischemic stroke; and (4) death were defined as primary clinical endpoints. The frequencies of CYP2C19*1, *2 and *3 alleles in 568 patients were 63.1%, 31.1% and 5.8%, respectively. 154 patients were classified into extensive (65 patients; 42.2%), intermediate (66 patients; 42.9%), and poor (23 patients; 14.9%) metabolizer groups. A χ(2) test showed a significant difference in primary clinical endpoints at 6 months (P = 0.04), and a multivariate Cox regression analysis indicated that the CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles associated with post-procedure prognosis. The Kaplan-Meier curve revealed that there was no significant difference in ischemic events between *2 and *3 alleles carriers. Our study verifies that CYP2C19 *2 and *3 have significant impact on the clinical outcomes of clopidogrel therapy in patients with stenting procedure for cerebral artery stenosis in China. FAU - Li, Yan-Jiao
ABCB1 hypomethylation is associated with decreased antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel in Chinese ischemic stroke patients.$$$ Current predictive models including the CYP2C19 polymorphism and clinical factors still explain only about 12% of variability of clopidogrel responsiveness. Up until recently, the precise mechanism of clopidogrel resistance remains unclear. P-glycoprotein (P-gp) encoded by ABCB1, a transmembrane calcium-dependent efflux pump for clopidogrel, implicated a role in clopidogrel resistance. In this present study, we investigated the methylation status of ABCB1 gene promoter in relation to ABCB1 mRNA expressions and the antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel. This study was a prospective cohort analysis of eligible stroke patients (n = 183, aged 18-75 years) who received clopidogrel (75 mg/day) for at least 5 days before discharge. A final subcohort of 87 patients with CYP2C19*1/*1 genotype were enrolled in the study population. Patients were grouped in quartiles of maximum platelet aggregation (MPA values (Q1, Q2, Q3 and Q4, MPA(Q1) < 14.1%, MPA(Q4) > 35.4%). The methylation status of the ABCB1 promoter was 1.8 times in the Q1 MPA group (10.1 ± 2.4%) than in the Q4 MPA group (5.5 ± 2.1%) (P < 0.001). ABCB1 methylation correlated inversely with MPA (R = - 0.764, P < 0.001) and mRNA expression (R = - 0.839, P < 0.001). Results of a multivariate linear regression model demonstrated that ABCB1 methylation was independently associated with MPA (β(coef ficient) = - 4.71, P < 0.001). ABCB1 expression was 0.62 times in the Q1 MPA group (5.3 ± 1.4 per thousand) than in the Q4 MPA (8.5 ± 2.5%o), and the expression of ABCB1 correlated positively with ADP-induced MPA (R = 0.791, P < 0.001). ABCB1 promoter methylation status in whole blood appears to be inversely associated with ABCB1 mRNA expressions and MPA. In conclusions, hypomethylation of ABCB1 promoter is associated with a decreased response to clopidogrel in ischemic stroke patients via increased ABCB1 mRNA expression. FAU - Yang, Jie
Effectiveness and Safety of P2Y12 Inhibitors Pretreatment in Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention with Long Transfer Times.$$$ BACKGROUND: Early initiation of a new P2Y12 inhibitor in ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) patients prior to primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) is recommended over clopidogrel. However, comparative data remain limited, especially in semi-rural regions with subsequent longer transfer times. OBJECTIVES: We aimed to assess the determinants, effectiveness, and safety of pretreatment with new P2Y12 inhibitors compared with clopidogrel in a primary PCI regional network. METHODS: Outcomes of 1235 primary PCI patients pretreated with new P2Y12 inhibitors (n = 1050) or clopidogrel (n = 185) were evaluated using a prospective registry. Primary effectiveness endpoint was the composite of death, recurrent myocardial infarction, stroke, or new revascularization. Serious bleedings were defined as Bleeding Academic Research Consortium ≥ 2. RESULTS: Clopidogrel was more likely to be used in older and female patients with more comorbidities. Mean transfer time was longer in the clopidogrel group (123.3 ± 67.3 vs. 102.3 ± 57.2 min; p < 0.01). The primary endpoint was less frequent with new P2Y12 inhibitors compared with clopidogrel (14.9 vs. 30.3%; odds ratio 0.58, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.39-0.87; p < 0.01), mostly driven by a reduced rate of death (4.5 vs. 26% respectively; hazard ratio 0.25, 95% CI 0.16-0.38; p < 0.01). Bleeding rates did not differ between groups (1 vs. 0.5%, respectively; p = 0.96). CONCLUSION: Compared with clopidogrel, pretreatment with new P2Y12 inhibitors seems to be associated with lower risks of mortality and ischemic outcomes, and similar risks of bleeding in a real-world registry. Our results are in line with the guidelines recommending the preferential pre-PCI administration of new P2Y12 inhibitors in STEMI patients referred for primary PCI.
A Review of the Role of the Antiplatelet Drug Ticagrelor in the Management of Acute Coronary Syndrome, Acute Thrombotic Disease, and Other Diseases.$$$ P2Y12 inhibitors, including aspirin, are key components of dual-antiplatelet therapy (DAPT), which is the optimal therapeutic strategy for preventing arterial thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) who underwent stent implantation. Ticagrelor is a cyclopentyl-triazole pyrimidine antiplatelet drug that was the first reversible oral P2Y12 receptor antagonist. Compared with clopidogrel, ticagrelor exerts a faster onset and offset of function by reversible and selective inhibition of platelet aggregation in ACS patients, including those with coronary artery blood revascularization. Despite improvement in stent materials, stent thrombosis (ST) due to high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR) to clopidogrel continues to occur. In addition to antiplatelet aggregation, ticagrelor displays pleiotropic cardioprotective effects, including improving coronary blood flow, reducing myocardial necrosis after an ischemic event, and anti-inflammatory effects. The benefits of ticagrelor over clopidogrel were consistent in the PLATO results, with lower incidence of the primary endpoint. Also, in 2020, the findings from the phase 3 THALES trial (NCT03354429) showed that aspirin combined with 90 mg of ticagrelor significantly reduced the rates of stroke and death compared with aspirin alone in patients with AIS or TIA. Here, we review recent research on the superiority of ticagrelor over clopidogrel, discuss the pharmacological mechanism, and present future perspectives. This review aims to present the roles of ticagrelor in the management of acute coronary syndrome, acute thrombotic disease, and other diseases. FAU - Tao, Luyuan
[Antiplatelet therapy: update in secondary stroke prevention].$$$ Antiplatelet therapy is indicated in patients with non-cardioembolic stroke. The clinically used antiplatelet agents for secondary stroke prevention in this group of patients include the cyclooxygenase-1 (COX-1) inhibitor aspirin, the ADP receptor (P2Y12) inhibitors clopidogrel and ticlopidine, and the phosphodiesterase (PDE) inhibitors cilostazol and dipyridamole. Per medical economic data, aspirin is the most widely used antiplatelet agent. However, its use affords modest reduction in the risk of stroke recurrence and increases the risk of hemorrhagic stroke. The CSPS2 showed that the incidence of stroke recurrence was lower in patients receiving cilostazol than in those receiving aspirin. Furthermore, it showed that the incidence of intra- or extracranial hemorrhage requiring hospitalization in cilostazol-treated patients was approximately half of that in aspirin-treated patients. The study also showed that the incidence of hemorrhagic stroke was significantly lower in patients receiving cilostazol than in those receiving aspirin. Meta-analysis of the CARESS and CLAIR studies showed a significant reduction of microembolic signals (MES) on transcranial Doppler (TCD) monitoring by dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin and clopidogrel than treatment with aspirin alone in patients who experienced a transient ischemic attack (TIA) or stroke with extra- or intracranial artery stenosis and MES positivity. The CHANCE study conducted in China showed a lower incidence of ischemic stroke in DAPT-treated patients than in those treated with aspirin monotherapy, while the incidence of hemorrhagic stroke was similar between the 2 treatment groups. However, DAPT should be restricted in the acute phase of stroke or TIA in acute settings. Novel antiplatelet agents have been developed for stroke prevention, and large randomized clinical trials should be conducted to evaluate the efficacy and safety of these agents when used singularly or in combination. FAU - Uchiyama, Shinichiro
Amlodipine, clopidogrel and CYP3A5 genetic variability: effects on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To test the effect of a loss-of-function variation of the cytochrome P450 (CYP) 3A5 on drug-drug interaction between amlodipine and clopidogrel. Amlodipine is a well-known inhibitor of CYP 3A4, an isoenzyme of CYP3A that activates clopidogrel. However, controversy exists regarding whether amlodipine adversely affects clopidogrel response and clinical outcome after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). In the presence of CYP3A4 inhibitors such as amlodipine, the genetic variation of CYP3A5, the isoenzyme responsible for the backup CYP3A activity, may play an important role in clopidogrel activation. DESIGN: Post hoc analysis of a prospectively enrolled cohort. PATIENTS: Patients enrolled in the CROSS-VERIFY cohort from June 2006 to June 2010, with successful genotyping of CYP3A5. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The pharmacodynamic analysis end point was clopidogrel on-treatment platelet reactivity (OPR) and the clinical analysis end point was the composite of cardiac death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, ischaemic stroke and stent thrombosis at 12 months post-PCI. RESULTS: 1258 patients had successful genotyping and were categorised as CYP3A5 non-expressers (749 patients) and expressers (509 patients) according to the CYP3A5 genotype. Amlodipine users showed higher OPR versus non-users only in CYP3A5 non-expressers (249 ± 83 vs 228 ± 84 P2Y12 reaction units, p=0.013). These findings was corroborated by clinical outcomes, in which amlodipine users had a higher incidence of events compared with non-users only in CYP3A5 non-expressers (4.6% vs 0.6%, HR 7.731, CI 2.042 to 29.264, p=0.004). CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with amlodipine is associated with increased clopidogrel OPR and increased risk of thrombotic events after PCI, which is dependent on the CYP3A5 genetic status. FAU - Park, Kyung Woo
Comparison of VerifyNow P2Y12 and thrombelastography for assessing clopidogrel response in stroke patients in China.$$$ Poor response to clopidogrel is often associated with recurrent ischemic events, and reliable platelet function tests are needed to identify clopidogrel low response (CLR). The aim of the study was to compare the consistency of VerifyNow P2Y12 and thrombelastography (TEG) in acute ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. Patients hospitalized in Changhai Hospital from August 2012 to September 2013 and assigned to treatment with a daily 75-mg dose of clopidogrel. The blood samples were taken on the 5-7th day to assess the capability of VerifyNow P2Y12 and TEG for evaluation of clopidogrel response, and all instrument parameters were used to perform correlation analysis. Patients with CLR were detected by using the methods and criteria published earlier (PRU ≥ 230 assayed by VerifyNow P2Y12 or TEG-Inhib% ≤30 % measured by TEG). Totally 58 patients were enrolled for the study and there were wide varieties in parameters of VerifyNow P2Y12 and TEG. Results showed a total of 17 and 9 patients, respectively, identified as CLR assessed by VerifyNow P2Y12 and TEG, but only three patients were detected to be clopidogrel low responders with both tests. The kappa consistency analysis showed poor consistency between VerifyNow P2Y12 and TEG results in terms of CLR (Kappa = -0.0349, p = 0.7730). Linear regression also demonstrated poor correlation between VerifyNow-PRU/VerifyNow-Inhib% and TEG-Inhib% (p = 0.07901 and p = 0.3788, respectively). Our study demonstrated that there was poor correlation between VerifyNow P2Y12 and TEG results, and VerifyNow P2Y12 showed a larger proportion of CLR than TEG. FAU - Lv, Hui-Hui
The efficacy and safety of aspirin-ticagrelor vs. aspirin-clopidogrel in ischemic stroke patients with cerebral artery stenting.$$$ OBJECTIVE: First, the efficacy and safety of aspirin-ticagrelor after cerebral artery stenting in ischemic stroke patients is controversial. Second, there is a gap in the research on guiding two antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) after stenting based on the CYP2C19 genotype. METHODS: This retrospective study included patients who underwent cerebral artery stenting at the First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University from January 2019 to February 2023. We divided them into the aspirin-clopidogrel group and aspirin-ticagrelor group and carefully collected baseline information laboratory data and imaging results from the patients. The efficacy outcomes were 30 days recurrent stroke, 90 days recurrent stroke, and 180 days recurrent stroke, and the safety outcome was intracranial hemorrhage. T-tests or Fisher's tests were performed for study outcomes in both groups of patients. OUTCOME: A total of 372 patients were included. For efficacy outcomes, aspirin-ticagrelor was associated with a reduced risk of 180 days recurrent stroke, in patients with CYP2C19 LOF allele (OR = 0.426, CI = 0.184-0.986, P = 0.042) and CYP2C19 intermediate metabolic genotype (OR = 0.237, CI = 0.026-1.034, P = 0.044), compared with aspirin-clopidogrel. There was no significant difference in the rate of intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) between patients with aspirin-clopidogrel and aspirin-ticagrelor, regardless of overall (OR = 1.221, CI = 0.115-7.245, P = 0.683), CYP2C19 LOF allele carriers (OR = 1.226, CI = 0.411-3.658, P = 0.715), or CYP2C19 intermediate metabolizer (OR = 1.221, CI = 0.115-7.245, P = 0.683). No significant differences were found between the two DAPTs on other efficacy and safety outcomes. CONCLUSION: A cohort study found that aspirin-ticagrelor was significantly superior to aspirin-clopidogrel in reducing 180 days recurrent stroke in CYP2C19 LOF allele carriers and CYP2C19 intermediate metabolizers. There was no significant difference between aspirin-ticagrelor and aspirin-clopidogrel in the risk of intracranial hemorrhage in terms of ICH rates.
P2Y12, a new platelet ADP receptor, target of clopidogrel.$$$ Clopidogrel is a potent antithrombotic drug that inhibits ADP-induced platelet aggregation. The results of large clinical trials have demonstrated an overall benefit of clopidogrel over aspirin in the prevention of vascular ischemic events (myocardial infarction, stroke, vascular death) in patients with a history of symptomatic atherosclerotic disease. The antiaggregating effect of clopidogrel is attributed to an irreversible inhibition of ADP binding to a purinergic receptor present at the platelet surface. Clopidogrel is not active in vitro and can be considered a precursor of an active metabolite formed in the liver. The chemical structure of this active metabolite and its biological activity have been described recently. Several purinergic receptors have been described on platelets; P2X (1), a calcium channel, and P2Y1 a Gq-coupled seven-transmembrane domain receptor, have been found not to be antagonized by clopidogrel. Another Gi (2)-coupled receptor (named P2Y12) has been recently cloned and stably expressed in CHO cells. These cells displayed a strong affinity for (33)P-2MeS-ADP, a stable analogue of ADP, the binding characteristics of which corresponded in all points to those observed on platelets. The binding of (33)P-2MeS-ADP to these cells was strongly inhibited by the active metabolite of clopidogrel with a potency that was consistent with that observed for this compound on platelets. In these transfected CHO cells, as in platelets, ADP and 2MeS-ADP induced adenylyl cyclase downregulation, an effect that was inhibited by the active metabolite of clopidogrel. These results demonstrate that this receptor corresponds to the previously called "P2t" platelet receptor and show that the active metabolite of clopidogrel binds in a covalent manner to this receptor, thus explaining how it blocks the aggregating effect of ADP on platelets. FAU - Herbert, Jean-Marc
CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles predicts clinical outcomes in East Asian patients with acute myocardial infarction undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention and stenting receiving clopidogrel.$$$ BACKGROUND: CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles reduce the effectiveness of clopidogrel and are associated with high rates of clinical events in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) and stenting in Northeast Asians. However, the prevalence and influence of CYP2C19 LOF alleles in Southeast Asians remain unclear. OBJECTIVES: This study aims to retrospectively investigate the prevalence of CYP2C19 LOF alleles and clinical outcomes in East Asian patients taking clopidogrel and undergoing PCI. METHODS: Between June 2019 and June 2020, volunteer participants in a single medical center were consecutively selected. The genetic data of CYP2C19 were derived from the Taiwan Precision Medicine Initiative (TPMI). Patients receiving clopidogrel while undergoing PCI with stenting were retrospectively analyzed. RESULTS: A total of 999 patients (62.4 ± 11.1 years old, 83.7% men) were enrolled; 39.3% without the CYP2C19 LOF allele (normal metabolizers + rapid metabolizers, NM + RM); 44.9% with one LOF allele (intermediate metabolizers, IM); 15.7% with two LOF alleles (poor metabolizers, PM). The incidence of stroke was higher in the PM subgroup compared to the NM + RM subgroup or IM subgroup in patients presenting with acute myocardial infarction (AMI). The 1-year major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCE)-free survival rates in all participants were similar among the three groups. However, in the AMI group, the 1-year MACCE-free survival rates were significantly lower in the PM subgroup compared to the NM + RM subgroup or IM subgroup. CONCLUSION: In East Asians presenting with AMI, CYP2C19 PM was associated with deleterious cardiovascular outcomes and stroke. Our results reinforce the crucial role of preemptive CYP2C19 genotyping in East Asian AMI patients receiving clopidogrel treatment.
Cytochrome P450 2C19 polymorphism is associated with poor clinical outcomes in coronary artery disease patients treated with clopidogrel.$$$ Patients with lesser degrees of platelet inhibition in response to clopidogrel appear to be at increased risk for recurrent ischemic events. Cytochrome P450 (CYP) polymorphisms have been proposed as possible mechanisms for nonresponsiveness to clopidogrel. Published data on the association between CYP2C19*2 polymorphism and atherothrombotic events are inconclusive. To derive a more precise estimation of the relationship, a meta-analysis was performed. A total of eight prospective cohort studies including 2,345 patients carrying CYP2C19*2 variant allele and 5,935 cases with the wild-type genotype were included in this meta-analysis. Overall, borderline statistically significantly elevated risk of adverse clinical events was associated with genotyping 681G>A polymorphism (for AA + GA vs. GG: OR, 1.46; 95% CI, 1.01 to 2.13; P = 0.05). The summary odds ratio showed a significant association between the CYP2C19*2 polymorphism and an increased risk of cardiac mortality in the follow-up period (OR, 2.07; 95% CI, 1.22 to 3.52; P = 0.007). When studies evaluating myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, and ischemic stroke, the presence of the variant allele was associated with significantly increased risks of recurrent atherothrombotic events. In summary, this meta-analysis indicated that CYP2C19*2 carrier status is significantly associated with an increased risk of adverse cardiovascular events. FAU - Jin, Bo
Investigating Real-World Clopidogrel Pharmacogenetics in Stroke Using a Bioresource Linked to Electronic Medical Records.$$$ Clopidogrel efficacy is influenced by genetic variation of cytochrome P450 (CYP)2C19, however, few studies have considered patients who have a stroke. We used electronic medical records (EMRs) linked to a bioresource to examine real-world implications of clopidogrel pharmacogenetics in stroke. Patients hospitalized for any arterial thrombo-occlusive (ATO) event who subsequently redeemed clopidogrel prescriptions in the community were entered into the study (n = 651). During 24-month follow-up, the primary endpoint of recurrent ATO or death occurred in 299 patients (46%). CYP2C19*2 loss-of-function allele carriers had an increased risk (hazard ratio (HR) = 1.29; 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.04-1.59; P = 0.019). In the ischemic stroke subgroup (n = 94), the estimate of risk was greater (HR = 2.23; 95% CI = 1.17-4.24; P = 0.015), which was further supported by a meta-analysis of available studies. In conclusion, we have demonstrated the clinical impact of CYP2C19*2 on clopidogrel efficacy using a purely EMR approach. This suggests that the risk in the ischemic stroke population may be particularly high.
VASP phosphorylation and genetic polymorphism for clopidogrel resistance in Chinese patients with non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel resistance(CR)is found in non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke (NCIS) patients. However, it is still largely unknown how to identify CR in NCIS patients by laboratory and genetic characteristics. METHODS: A total of 95 patients with acute NCIS were recruited. Phosphorylation of the vasodilator stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) was detected using flow cytometry, and genes(CYP2C19,CYP3A4) were detected using the Sanger method. The baseline of platelet reactivity index (BPRI) before clopidogrel treatment and the platelet reactivity index with clopidogrel treatment (CPRI) for 7 days were measured. Laboratory clopidogrel resistance (LCR) was defined as CPRI of ≥ 50%. Clinical clopidogrel resistance (CCR) was defined as the presence of progressive stroke during hospitalization, stroke recurrence or occurrence of other ischemic vascular events within 6 months. RESULTS: The incidence of LCR was 41.05% and 18.95% developed CCR. The incidence of LCR was significantly higher in GA/AA patients with CYP2C19 (681G > A) (χ2 = 11.16, P = 0.001) and CYP2C19 (636G > A) (χ2 = 4.829, P = 0.028) than in wildtype GG patients. CYP2C19 (681G > A) (OR 6.272, 95%CI 2.162,18.199,P = 0.001) and CYP2C19 (636G > A) (OR: 5.625,95%CI 1.439, 21.583,P = 0.013) were risk factors for LCR. patients with LCR were more likely to develop CCR (χ2 = 6.021, P = 0.014). The probability of CCR was markedly increased in GA/AA patients with CYP2C19 (681G > A) (χ2 = 10.341, P = 0.001). We identified CYP2C19 (681G > A) (OR 7.814, 95%CI 1.816, 33.618 P = 0.006), Essen score (OR 8.351, 95%CI 1.848, 37.745 P = 0.006), and LCR (OR 5.881, 95%CI 1.373, 25.192, P = 0.017) as risk factors for CCR. CONCLUSION: In clinical practice,LCR and CYP2C19 gene polymorphism should be assessed in NCIS patients receiving clopidogrel treatment. FAU - Zhang, Shijun
Impact of an Interaction Between Clopidogrel and Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors.$$$ Clopidogrel is a pro-drug that requires activation by the cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzyme system. Patients receiving clopidogrel are often treated with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) for co-existing depression. SSRIs that inhibit the CYP2C19 enzyme have the potential to reduce the effectiveness of clopidogrel. Using 5 US databases (1998 to 2013), we conducted a cohort study of adults who initiated clopidogrel while being treated with either an SSRI that inhibits CYP2C19 (fluoxetine and fluvoxamine) or a noninhibiting SSRI. Patients were matched by propensity score and followed for as long as they were exposed to both clopidogrel and the index SSRI group (primary analysis) or for 180 days after clopidogrel initiation (sensitivity analysis). Outcomes included a composite ischemic event (myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, or a revascularization procedure) and a composite major bleeding event (gastrointestinal bleed or hemorrhagic stroke). The final propensity score-matched cohort comprised 9,281 clopidogrel initiators on CYP2C19-inhibiting SSRIs and 44,278 clopidogrel initiators on a noninhibiting SSRIs. Compared with those treated with a noninhibiting SSRI, patients on a CYP2C19-inhibiting SSRI had an increased risk of ischemic events (hazard ratio [HR] 1.12; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.01 to 1.24), which was more pronounced in patients ≥65 years (HR 1.22; 95% CI 1.00 to 1.48). The HR for major bleeding was 0.76 (95% CI 0.50 to 1.17). In conclusion, the findings from this large, population-based study suggest that being treated with a CYP2C19-inhibiting SSRI when initiating clopidogrel may be associated with slight decrease in effectiveness of clopidogrel.
Clinical Effects of Dual Antiplatelet Therapy or Aspirin Monotherapy after Acute Minor Ischemic Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack, a Meta-Analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Evidence about the use of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin and P2Y12 inhibitors in patients with acute minor ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA) is emerging. The aim of our study was to provide an updated and comprehensive analysis about the risks and benefits of DAPT versus aspirin monotherapy in this setting. METHODS: The PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, ClinicalTrials.gov databases, main international conference proceedings were searched for randomized controlled trials comparing DAPT versus aspirin monotherapy in patients with acute ischemic stroke or TIA not eligible for thrombolysis or thrombectomy presenting in the first 24 hours after the acute event. Data were pooled by meta-analysis using a random-effects model. The primary efficacy endpoint was ischemic stroke recurrence, and the primary safety outcome was major bleeding. Secondary endpoints were intracranial hemorrhage, hemorrhagic stroke, and allcause death. RESULTS: A total of 4 studies enrolling 21,459 patients were included. DAPT with clopidogrel was used in 3 studies, DAPT with ticagrelor in one study. DAPT duration was 21 days in one study, 1 month in one study, and 3 months in the remaining studies. DAPT was associated with a significant reduction in the risk of ischemic stroke recurrence (relative risk (RR), 0.74; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.67-0.82, P<0.001, number needed to treat 50 (95% CI 40-72), while it was associated with a significantly higher risk of major bleeding (RR, 2.59; 95% CI 1.49-4.53, P=0.001, number needed to harm 330 (95% CI 149-1111), of intracranial hemorrhage (RR 3.06, 95% CI 1.41-6.66, P=0.005), with a trend towards higher risk of hemorrhagic stroke (RR 1.83, 95% CI 0.83-4.05, P=0.14), and a slight tendency towards higher risk of all-cause death (RR 1.30, 95% CI 0.89-1.89, P=0.16). CONCLUSION: Among patients with acute minor ischemic stroke or TIA, DAPT, as compared with aspirin monotherapy, might offer better effectiveness in terms of ischemic stroke recurrence at the expense of a higher risk of major bleeding. The trade-off between ischemic benefits and bleeding risks should be assessed in tailoring the therapeutic strategies.
Pharmacodynamic assessment of prasugrel and clopidogrel in patients with non-cardioembolic stroke: a multicenter, randomized, active-control clinical trial.$$$ Prasugrel, a novel P2Y(12) receptor antagonist, has been shown to be more effective than clopidogrel for preventing cardiovascular events in patients with acute coronary syndromes undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. We investigated the dose-response antiplatelet effects of prasugrel compared with clopidogrel in Japanese patients with non-cardioembolic stroke. The influence of cytochrome P450 (CYP) polymorphisms on the antiplatelet effects of both drugs was also compared. In this multicenter randomized active-control comparative study, patients were randomized to receive prasugrel 2.5 mg, 5 mg, or 7.5 mg (double blind) or clopidogrel 75 mg (open label) once daily for 14 days. The primary endpoint was inhibition of platelet aggregation (IPA) in response to adenosine diphosphate 20 μM within 8 h of study drug administration on day 14. Of the 66 patients randomized, data from 63 (prasugrel 2.5 mg, 5 mg, and 7.5 mg groups, n = 14, 16, and 18, respectively; clopidogrel group, n = 15) were used in the pharmacodynamic assessment. IPA (arithmetic mean ± SD) after prasugrel administration increased dose-dependently (33 ± 9%, 44 ± 11%, and 53 ± 14%, at 2.5 mg, 5 mg, and 7.5 mg, respectively) and was higher in these groups than after clopidogrel (23 ± 16%). In a subgroup of CYP2C19 intermediate metabolizers, IPA was higher in the prasugrel 5 mg and 7.5 mg groups than in the clopidogrel group. No death or serious adverse events were reported. Prasugrel was well tolerated at doses up to 7.5 mg/day and had antiplatelet effects higher than those of clopidogrel 75 mg/day. CYP2C19 polymorphisms may have reduced clopidogrel-induced IPA. FAU - Yamaguchi, Takenori
Bedside testing of CYP2C19 gene for treatment of patients with PCI with antiplatelet therapy.$$$ BACKGROUND: To mitigate the risk of stent thrombosis, patients treated by percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) are administered dual anti-platelet therapy comprising aspirin and a platelet P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor. Clopidogrel is a prodrug requiring activation by the cytochrome P450 enzyme, CYP2C19. In Saudi Arabia, it has been reported that approximately 26% of the population carries CYP2C19*2 and/or *3 loss-of-function polymorphisms in addition to a high prevalence of CVD. METHODS: This prospective (April 2013-December 2020) parallel assignment clinical trial focuses on ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction (STEMI) patient outcomes. The clinical trial includes 1500 STEMI patients from two hospitals in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia. Patients are assigned to one of two groups; the control arm receives conventional therapy with clopidogrel, while in the active arm the Spartan RX CYP2C19 assay is used to determine the *2 genotype. Carriers of a CYP2C19*2 loss-of-function allele receive prasugrel or ticagrelor, while non-carriers are treated with clopidogrel. Follow-up is one year after primary PCI. The primary end point is the number of patients who develop an adverse major cardiovascular event, including recurrent MI, non-fatal stroke, cardiovascular death, or major bleeding one year after PCI. DISCUSSION: The risk of stent thrombosis in PCI patients is usually reduced by dual anti-platelet therapy, comprising aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor, such as clopidogrel. However, clopidogrel requires activation by the cytochrome P450 enzyme, CYP2C19. Approximately 20% of the population are unable to activate clopidogrel as they possess the CYP2C19*2 loss-of function (LoF) allele. The primary goal of this trial is to study the benefits of treating only those patients that cannot activate clopidogrel with an alternative that has shown to be a more effective platelet inhibitor and does not require bioactivation by the cytochrome P450 enzyme. We expect an improvement in net clinical benefit outcome in the active arm patients, thus supporting pharmacogenetic testing in PCI patients post STEMI. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Trial registration name is "Bedside Testing of CYP2C19 Gene for Treatment of Patients with PCI with Antiplatelet Therapy" (number NCT01823185) retrospectively registered with clinicaltrials.gov on April 4, 2013. This trial is currently at the patient recruitment stage. FAU - Al-Rubaish, Abdullah M
The association between abcb1 gene polymorphism and clopidogrel response variability in stroke ischemic: a cross sectional study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel has been the primary choice of antiplatelet in ischemic stroke that inhibits adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-induced platelet aggregation. P-glycoprotein (P-gp) multidrug resistance-1 (MDR1) is a transmembrane efflux transporter in intestinal cells that plays a significant role in clopidogrel absorption, therefore may affect platelet aggregation. P-gp is encoded by the ABCB1 gene. This study aims to evaluate the effect of ABCB1 polymorphism on clopidogrel response variability in ischemic stroke patients and its genotype frequency. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted in ischemic stroke patients who received clopidogrel between 2020 and 2023 in RSUI/RSCM. All subjects were assessed for ABCB1 polymorphisms C3435T and C1236T. Platelet aggregation were measured using VerifyNow PRU. Clopidogrel response variability was classified into unresponsive (> 208 PRU), responsive (95-208 PRU), and bleeding risk (< 95 PRU). RESULTS: 124 subjects enrolled in this study, with 12,9% of subjects classified as non-responsive/resistant, 49,5% as responsive, and 41,9% as bleeding risk. ABCB1 C1236T homozygote wildtype (CC) was associated with 3,76 times higher bleeding risk than other variants (p = 0,008; 95%CI 1,41 - 10,07). Genotype frequency of ABCB1 C3435T homozygote wildtype, heterozygote, and homozygote variants were 35,9%, 43,5% and 16,9%, respectively; while the genotype frequency of ABCB1 C1236T were 17,8%, 39,5%, and 42,7%, respectively. CONCLUSION: ABCB1 C1236T homozygote wildtype was associated with 3,76 times higher bleeding risk than other variants. The most common genotype frequency of ABCB1 C1236T was homozygote variant; while for ABCB1 C3435T was heterozygote.
Association of PON1, P2Y12 and COX1 with Recurrent Ischemic Events in Patients with Extracranial or Intracranial Stenting.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Short-term combined use of clopidogrel and aspirin improves cerebrovascular outcomes in patients with symptomatic extracranial or intracranial stenosis. Antiplatelet non-responsiveness is related to recurrent ischemic events, but the culprit genetic variants responsible for the non-responsiveness have not been well studied. We aimed to identify the genetic variants associated with poor clinical outcomes. METHODS: Patients with symptomatic extracranial or intracranial stenosis scheduled for stenting and receiving dual antiplatelets (clopidogrel 75 mg and aspirin 100 mg daily) for at least 5 days before intervention were enrolled. Ischemic events including recurrent transient ischemic attack, stroke, myocardial infarction, and vascular-related mortality within 12 months follow-up were recorded. We examined the influence of genetic polymorphisms on treatment outcome in our patients. RESULTS: A total of 268 patients were enrolled into our study and ischemic events were observed in 39 patients. For rs662 of paraoxonase 1 (PON1), allele C was associated with an increased risk of ischemic events (OR = 1.64, 95%CI = 1.03-2.62, P = 0.029). The A-allele carriers of rs2046934 of P2Y12 had a significant association with adverse events (OR = 2.01, 95%CI = 1.10-3.67, P = 0.041). The variant T-allele of cyclooxygenase-1 (COX1) rs1330344 significantly increased the risk of recurrent clinical events (OR = 1.85, 95%CI = 1.12-3.03, P = 0.017). The other single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) had no association with ischemic events. CONCLUSIONS: PON1, P2Y12 and COX1 polymorphisms were associated with poorer vascular outcomes. Testing for these polymorphisms may be valuable in the identification of patients at risk for recurrent ischemic events. FAU - Li, Xiao-Qing
Role of prasugrel, a novel P2Y(12) receptor antagonist, in the management of acute coronary syndromes.$$$ Prasugrel is a new P2Y(12) receptor antagonist that has been investigated for the treatment of atherothrombosis in patients with cardiovascular disease undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Similar to other thienopyridines, prasugrel is a prodrug that requires biologic conversion to active metabolites. Studies have demonstrated the ability of prasugrel to selectively and irreversibly inhibit ADP-induced platelet aggregation to a greater degree than clopidogrel. In a large randomized, double-blind, double-dummy clinical trial, it was demonstrated that treatment with prasugrel (n = 6813; 60 mg loading dose followed by 10 mg/day) significantly reduced the incidence of a composite endpoint of death from cardiovascular causes, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or nonfatal stroke during the median follow-up of 14.5 months, compared with clopidogrel (n = 6795; 300 mg loading dose followed by 75 mg/day) in patients with acute coronary syndromes scheduled to undergo PCI. The number of patients who would need to be treated with prasugrel instead of clopidogrel in order to prevent one primary efficacy outcome was 46. Landmark analyses found that prasugrel not only reduced the incidence of individual clinical endpoints and stent thrombosis during the loading dose phase (randomization to 3 days), but also that these benefits continued throughout the maintenance phase (from 3 days until the end of the trial). Nonsurgical-related Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction (TIMI)-major and life-threatening bleeds were significantly more frequent in patients receiving prasugrel compared with clopidogrel. Patients with a history of stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA) seem to be at especially high risk for bleeding, as well as patients aged >75 years and those weighing <60 kg. A prespecified analysis of net clinical benefit, which took into account the effects on both the primary efficacy and safety endpoints, was conducted. After taking into account the higher bleeding rates, the net clinical benefit still favored prasugrel use compared with clopidogrel. However, patients with prior stroke or TIA, patients older than 75 years, and patients weighing <60 kg did not demonstrate a net clinical benefit with prasugrel use. Prasugrel was approved for use in Europe by the European Commission in February 2009, and is currently available in the UK. In July 2009, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved the use of prasugrel for the reduction of thrombotic cardiovascular events (including stent thrombosis) in patients with acute coronary syndrome who are to be managed with PCI. FAU - Baker, William L
Thromboelastographic and Gene Polymorphism Bimodality Detection for Dual Antiplatelet Aggregation Therapy in Individuals with Clopidogrel-resistant Symptomatic Intracranial Artery Stenosis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Recent research indicates that clopidogrel resistance is connected with a patient's future ischemia risk, hence increasing the likelihood of recurrent ischemic cerebrovascular disease. Thromboelastographic and clopidogrel gene polymorphism testing can be used to see how a person responds to antiplatelet therapy and change the treatment plan accordingly. This may be a good way to make antiplatelet aggregation therapy more effective and safer. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to investigate the efficacy of dual antiplatelet aggregation therapy in patients with symptomatic intracranial large artery stenosis being resistant to clopidogrel tablets. The thromboelastographic and gene polymorphism bimodality detection techniques were used to analyze the clopidogrel resistance influencing factors. METHODS: 89 patients with symptomatic intracranial large arterial stenosis who were admitted to our hospital from February 2021 to February 2022 were selected, classified as large artery atherosclerotic type by TOAST, and confirmed as having severe intracranial large arterial stenosis (70 % to 99 %) by magnetic resonance angiography (MRA), computed tomographic angiography (CTA), and digital subtraction angiography (DSA). All patients were treated with dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel, and thromboelastography and clopidogrel gene polymorphism were monitored 1 week later. RESULTS: 44 of 89 patients were clopidogrel-resistant. Among 44 patients, 20 were ticagrelorresistant and 24 were cilostazol-resistant. Clopidogrel had a resistance rate of 49.4%. The recurrence of ischemic cerebrovascular disease in the three groups was statistically significant (P<0.05) after 3 months of follow-up treatment, but bleeding (intracranial, gastrointestinal, respiratory, urinary, and mucocutaneous) and dyspnea were not. The clopidogrel-resistant group had a higher number of females, as well as higher levels of hypertension, diabetes, and platelet count than the sensitive group (P<0.05), but there was no significant difference in age, smoking, alcohol consumption, previous stroke, glycosylated haemoglobin, creatinine, or low-density cholesterol. CONCLUSION: Using thromboelastographic and gene polymorphism bimodality detection, we found switching to ticagrelor antiplatelet aggregation therapy as better than switching to cilostazol in patients with symptomatic intracranial large artery stenosis being resistant to clopidogrel tablets. The results may be biased due to the study being a single-centre study and having a limited sample size.
Ticagrelor--a new platelet aggregation inhibitor in patients with acute coronary syndromes. An improvement of other inhibitors?$$$ Antiplatelet agents play an essential role in the treatment of acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Thienopyridines are a class of drugs that function via inhibition of the adenosine diphosphate (ADP) P2Y12 platelet receptors. Currently, clopidogrel, a second generation thienopyridine, is the main drug of choice and the combination of aspirin and clopidogrel is administered orally for the treatment of ACS. Clopidogrel, is a pro-drug that needs to be metabolized in the liver and intestines to form active metabolites. Prasugrel, a third generation thienopyridine, was approved for use in Europe in February 2009, and is currently available in the United Kingdom. All thienopyridines however, have pharmacological limitations that lead to a search for more effective non-thienopyridine P2Y12 inhibitors. Promising results have been reported with ticagrelor, an oral first reversible, direct-acting inhibitor of the P2Y12 receptor. Ticagrelor is the first oral P2Y12 receptor binding antagonist that does not require metabolic activation. Furthermore, ticagrelor has at last 1 active metabolite, which has very similar pharmacokinetics to the parent compound. Therefore, ticagrelor has more rapid onset and more pronounced platelet inhibition than other antiplatelet agents. The safety and efficacy of ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel in ACS patient has been recently evaluated by the PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial. Ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel had a significantly greater reduction in the death rate from vascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke without major bleeding. There was however, an increase in non-procedure related bleeding, dyspnoea and ventricular pauses in the first week of treatment. Further studies on new antiplatelet agents are needed to establish a new "gold standard" antiplatelet therapy. FAU - Kowalczyk, Mariusz
Structure of the human P2Y12 receptor in complex with an antithrombotic drug.$$$ P2Y receptors (P2YRs), a family of purinergic G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs), are activated by extracellular nucleotides. There are a total of eight distinct functional P2YRs expressed in human, which are subdivided into P2Y1-like receptors and P2Y12-like receptors. Their ligands are generally charged molecules with relatively low bioavailability and stability in vivo, which limits our understanding of this receptor family. P2Y12R regulates platelet activation and thrombus formation, and several antithrombotic drugs targeting P2Y12R--including the prodrugs clopidogrel (Plavix) and prasugrel (Effient) that are metabolized and bind covalently, and the nucleoside analogue ticagrelor (Brilinta) that acts directly on the receptor--have been approved for the prevention of stroke and myocardial infarction. However, limitations of these drugs (for example, a very long half-life of clopidogrel action and a characteristic adverse effect profile of ticagrelor) suggest that there is an unfulfilled medical need for developing a new generation of P2Y12R inhibitors. Here we report the 2.6 Å resolution crystal structure of human P2Y12R in complex with a non-nucleotide reversible antagonist, AZD1283. The structure reveals a distinct straight conformation of helix V, which sets P2Y12R apart from all other known class A GPCR structures. With AZD1283 bound, the highly conserved disulphide bridge in GPCRs between helix III and extracellular loop 2 is not observed and appears to be dynamic. Along with the details of the AZD1283-binding site, analysis of the extracellular interface reveals an adjacent ligand-binding region and suggests that both pockets could be required for dinucleotide binding. The structure provides essential insights for the development of improved P2Y12R ligands and allosteric modulators as drug candidates. FAU - Zhang, Kaihua
Optimal P2Y12 inhibition in older adults with acute coronary syndromes: a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.$$$ AIMS: Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with a P2Y12 inhibitor on top of aspirin is the cornerstone of therapy after acute coronary syndromes (ACS). Nonetheless, the safest and most efficacious P2Y12 for older patients who are both at high ischaemic and bleeding risk remains uncertain. We aimed to examine the effect of available P2Y12 inhibitors on ischaemic and bleeding endpoints in older adults with ACS. METHODS AND RESULTS: Randomized clinical trials that reported separately the results of adults older >70 years for at least the primary endpoint [composite of death, myocardial infarction (MI), and stroke]. Seven studies (14 485 patients-years) were included. Network meta-analysis showed that prasugrel was associated with similar occurrence of the primary endpoint and of a secondary ischaemic endpoint (composite of MI and stroke) and was most likely the best treatment [Surface Under the Cumulative Ranking curve Analysis (SUCRA) 54.5 and 59.8, respectively]. With regards to major bleedings, clopidogrel showed the highest likelihood of event reduction (SUCRA 70.1%), while ticagrelor of stent thrombosis (SUCRA 55.6%). Our meta-regression with a fixed proportion of patients managed invasively of 100% confirmed these trends with increasing SUCRA. CONCLUSION: Among older subjects with ACS, DAPT should be balanced upon ischaemic and bleeding risks as prasugrel is associated with the highest probability of reduction of ischaemic events and clopidogrel of bleedings. Ticagrelor had highest SUCRA for stent thrombosis reduction but seems suboptimal in older adults.
Cytochrome P450 genetic polymorphisms and the response to prasugrel: relationship to pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic, and clinical outcomes.$$$ BACKGROUND: Both clopidogrel and prasugrel require biotransformation to active metabolites by cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes. Among persons treated with clopidogrel, carriers of reduced-function CYP2C19 alleles have significantly lower levels of active metabolite, diminished platelet inhibition, and higher rates of adverse cardiovascular events. The effect of CYP polymorphisms on the clinical outcomes in patients treated with prasugrel remains unknown. METHODS AND RESULTS: The associations between functional variants in CYP genes, plasma concentrations of active drug metabolite, and platelet inhibition in response to prasugrel were tested in 238 healthy subjects. We then examined the association of these genetic variants with cardiovascular outcomes in a cohort of 1466 patients with acute coronary syndromes allocated to treatment with prasugrel in the Trial to Assess Improvement in Therapeutic Outcomes by Optimizing Platelet Inhibition With Prasugrel-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction 38 trial. Among the healthy subjects, no significant attenuation of the pharmacokinetic or the pharmacodynamic response to prasugrel was observed in carriers versus noncarriers of at least 1 reduced-function allele for any of the CYP genes tested (CYP2C19, CYP2C9, CYP2B6, CYP3A5, and CYP1A2). Consistent with these findings, in subjects with acute coronary syndromes treated with prasugrel, no significant associations were found between any of the tested CYP genotypes and risk of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke. CONCLUSIONS: Common functional CYP genetic variants do not affect active drug metabolite levels, inhibition of platelet aggregation, or clinical cardiovascular event rates in persons treated with prasugrel. These pharmacogenetic findings are in contrast to observations with clopidogrel, which may explain, in part, the different pharmacological and clinical responses to the 2 medications. FAU - Mega, Jessica L
Clopidogrel in noncarriers of CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles versus ticagrelor in elderly patients with acute coronary syndrome: A pre-specified sub analysis from the POPular Genetics and POPular Age trials CYP2C19 alleles in elderly patients.$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) who are carrying CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles derive less benefit from clopidogrel treatment. Despite this, in elderly patients, clopidogrel might be preferred over more potent P2Y(12) inhibitors due to a lower bleeding risk. Whether CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet treatment in the elderly could be of benefit has not been studied specifically. METHODS: Patients aged 70 years and older with known CYP2C19*2 and *3 genotype were identified from the POPular Genetics and POPular Age trials. Noncarriers of loss-of-function alleles treated with clopidogrel were compared to patients, irrespective of CYP2C19 genotype, treated with ticagrelor and to clopidogrel treated carriers of loss-of-function alleles. We assessed net clinical benefit (all-cause death, myocardial infarction, stroke and Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes (PLATO) major bleeding), atherothrombotic outcomes (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke) and bleeding outcomes (PLATO major and minor bleeding). RESULTS: A total of 991 patients were assessed. There was no significant difference in net clinical benefit (17.2% vs. 15.1%, adjusted hazard ratio (adjHR) 1.05, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.77-1.44), atherothrombotic outcomes (9.7% vs. 9.2%, adjHR 1.00, 95%CI 0.66-1.50), and bleeding outcomes (17.7% vs. 19.8%, adjHR 0.80, 95%CI 0.62-1.12) between clopidogrel in noncarriers of loss-of-function alleles and ticagrelor respectively. CONCLUSION: In ACS patients aged 70 years and older, there was no significant difference in net clinical benefit and atherothrombotic outcomes between noncarriers of a loss-of-function allele treated with clopidogrel and patients treated with ticagrelor. The bleeding rate was numerically; though not statistically significant, lower in patients using clopidogrel.
The efficacy and safety of CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy compared with conventional antiplatelet therapy in patients with acute coronary syndrome or undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.$$$ Cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19 genotype is closely associated with the metabolism and efficacy of clopidogrel, thereby having an important impact on clinical outcomes of patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) or undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). This study aimed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy in patients with ACS or undergoing PCI. PubMed, EMBASE, the Cochrane Library and clinicaltrials.gov were searched to identify randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy with conventional therapy in patients with ACS or undergoing PCI. Eight RCTs involving 6708 patients were included in this meta-analysis. CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy was slightly superior to the conventional antiplatelet therapy in reducing the risk of MACE [RR(95%CI): 0.71(0.51-0.98), p = .04]. Meanwhile, the genotype-guided therapy group had significantly lower incidence of myocardial infarction [RR(95%CI): 0.56(0.40-0.78), p < .01], but similar risk of all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality, stent thrombosis, urgent revascularization and stroke compared to the conventional therapy group. Incidences of major/minor bleeding and major bleeding were comparable between the two groups. In patients with ACS or undergoing PCI, CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy displayed benefit over conventional antiplatelet therapy in reducing the risk of MACE and myocardial infarction, without increasing bleeding risk. Further RCTs are needed to provide more evidences for CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy. FAU - Lyu, Si-Qi
Relationship between clopidogrel-related polymorphisms and variable platelet reactivity at 1 year: A cohort study from Han Chinese.$$$ BACKGROUND: This study was designed to investigate the effect of clopidogrel-related gene polymorphisms on platelet reactivity and clinical outcome in Chinese Han patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Three hundred and thirty-six percutaneous coronary intervention - treated patients were recruited and followed for 1 year. Blood samples were collected from all patients for DNA genotyping. The platelet reactivity unit was measured by the VerifyNow technique. The CYP2C19*2, CYP2C19*3, CYP2C19*17, ATP-binding cassette subfamily B member 1, ITGB3, CYP2C9*3, CYP2B6*9, and P2Y12 alleles were assessed. RESULTS: The clinical endpoints were related to previous heart disease history (11.90% vs. 28.57%, P = 0.017), stroke (12.24% vs. 16.67%, P = 0.039), and diabetes (27.55% vs. 52.38%, P = 0.047). High on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) was frequent in advanced age (P = 0.019), male gender (P = 0.016), hypertension (P = 0.033), and chronic renal failure (P = 0.040). There were more endpoints in the CYP2C19*2 and P2Y12 mutant carriers (76.19% vs. 43.20%, P < 0.001; 50.00% vs. 35.71%, P = 0.001, respectively), whereas fewer in the CYP2C19*17 mutant carriers (11.90% vs. 56.46%, P = 0.001). CYP2C19*2 and P2Y12 polymorphism manifested HTPR (194.25 ± 45.91 vs. 151.38 ± 58.14, P < 0.001; 180.33 ± 67.25 vs. 161.89 ± 56.49, P = 0.008, respectively), whereas CYP2C19*17 mutant improved platelet reactivity (97.17 ± 45.38 vs. 169.08 ± 57.15, P = 0.003). However, there were no further cardiovascular deaths in endpoint patients. CONCLUSION: In Han Chinese people of mainland China, clopidogrel-related gene polymorphisms are related to variable platelet reactivity after clopidogrel maintenance dosing, which influences major adverse cardiovascular events, without an effect on cardiac death. FAU - Wang, Xiaodong
A study of microRNA-223 in evaluating platelet reactivity in patients with acute ischemic stroke. LID - 10.26402/jpp.2022.1.11 [doi]$$$ To investigate the relationship between plasma microRNA-223 expression and platelet reactivity in patients with acute ischemic stroke (AIS) and to evaluate its predictive value in clopidogrel resistance or high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR). A total of 120 patients with acute ischemic stroke were screened in this study, and 60 patients were included in the acute ischemic stroke group according to the inclusion criteria and platelet reactivity after clopidogrel treatment. control group was 60 non-ischemic stroke patients hospitalized. The levels of phosphorylation of vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) and adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet aggregation (ADP-PAg) in platelets were detected by flow cytometry. The expression level of plasma microRNA-223 was detected before and after clopidogrel treatment using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (PcR). The AIS group was then divided into the clopidogrel non-HTPR and the clopidogrel HTPR groups based on the relative inhibition rate. We found that: 1) the VASP platelet reactivity index (PRI) was positively correlated with ADP-PAg; 2) before administration, the plasma microRNA-223 expression level and VASP-PRI were higher in the AIS group than in the control group; 3) after administration, the expression level of microRNA-223 was negatively correlated with VASP-PRI; 4) before and after treatment, the plasma microRNA-223 expression level in the clopidogrel HTPR group was lower than in the non-AIS patients; 5) before treatment, there was an interaction between the expression level of microRNA-223 in the plasma and the cYP2c19 loss-of-function (LOF) allele. The study showed that decreased plasma microRNA-223 expression levels in AIS patients indicate an increased risk of clopidogrel HTPR. carrying cYP2c19 LOF alleles may result in the microRNA-223 expression being more distinct. The combined detection of plasma microRNA-223 and cYP2c19 gene polymorphisms may be effective in predicting the occurrence of clopidogrel HTPR in patients with AIS. FAU - Wang, D-L
Clopidogrel hyper-response increases peripheral hemorrhagic complications without increasing intracranial complications in endovascular aneurysm treatments requiring dual antiplatelet therapy.$$$ Clinical significance of increased clopidogrel response measured by VerifyNow P2Y12 assay is unclear; management guidelines are lacking in the context of neuroendovascular intervention. Our objective was to assess whether increased clopidogrel response predicts complications from endovascular aneurysm treatment requiring dual antiplatelet therapy. A single-institution, 9-year retrospective study of patients undergoing endovascular treatments for ruptured and unruptured aneurysms requiring aspirin and clopidogrel was conducted. Patients were grouped according to preoperative platelet inhibition in response to clopidogrel measured by the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay (VNP; P2Y12 reactivity units, PRU). Demographic and clinical features were compared across groups. Hemorrhagic complication rates (intracranial, major extracranial, minor extracranial) and thromboembolic complications (in-stent stenosis, stroke/transient ischemic attack) were compared, controlling for potential confounders and multiple comparisons. Data were collected from 284 patients across 317 procedures. Pre-operative VNP assays identified 9 % Extreme Responders (PRU ≤ 15), 13 % Hyper-Responders (PRU 16-60), 62 % Therapeutic Responders (PRU 61-214), 16 % Hypo-Responders (PRU ≥ 215). Increased response to clopidogrel was associated with increased risk of any hemorrhagic complication (≤60 PRU vs > 60 PRU; 39 % vs 24 %, P = 0.050); all intracranial hemorrhages occurred in patients with PRU > 60. Thromboembolic complications were similar between therapeutic and subtherapeutic patients (<215 PRU vs ≥ 215 PRU; 15 % vs 16 %, P = 0.835). Increased preoperative clopidogrel response is associated with increased rate of extracranial hemorrhagic complications in endovascular aneurysm treatments. Hyper-responders (16-60 PRU) and Extreme Responders (≤15 PRU) were not associated with intracranial hemorrhagic or thrombotic complications. Hypo-responders who underwent adjustment of antiplatelet therapy and neurointerventions did not experience higher rates of complications.
Expert Opinion on P2Y12 Inhibitors Use in Management of Acute Coronary Syndromes: Focus on Ticagrelor.$$$ Ticagrelor is a potent, oral P2Y12 inhibitor used as a part of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) in acute coronary syndromes (ACS). New evidence has emerged for its use in ACS, which may be crucial for the Indian context. This brought together nearly 150 experts in ACS management across the country who reviewed the current evidence and discussed the same through a series of 10 meetings on an online platform. With all experts' agreement, the key expert opinions for the P2Y12 inhibitors use in ACS management were finalized. These include the following. In ACS patients aged &lt;75 years, with diabetes, a history of stroke/transient ischemic attack, and chronic kidney disease, ticagrelor may be preferred over other P2Y12 inhibitors. It may also be preferred in the elderly above 75 years with clopidogrel is a suitable alternative in patients at high-risk of bleeding. Rates of stent thrombosis are lower with ticagrelor than clopidogrel. In patients managed with fibrinolysis, use ticagrelor after 48 hours if streptokinase was the fibrinolytic agent or it can be used after 12 to 24 hours if fibrin-specific fibrinolytic was used. Rates of major bleeding in patients treated with fibrinolysis are similar to clopidogrel. Prehospital administration may be preferred over in-hospital administration with expected bleeding rates similar to clopidogrel. Switching among P2Y12 inhibitors should be done with due consideration of their pharmacodynamics. At present, DAPT should be continued for 12 months with discontinuation after three to six months in patients with high bleeding risk. The use of low dose ticagrelor may be considered in cases with high-bleeding risk. DAPT or ticagrelor continuation beyond one year should be individualized considering ischemic and bleeding risks. Dyspnea is a common, mild, and transient and does not necessitate ticagrelor discontinuation. Severe dyspnea should be investigated thoroughly. In conclusion, ticagrelor (180 mg, 90 mg, and 60 mg doses), a potent antiplatelet is expected to reshape the antiplatelet use in the management of ACS.
Ticagrelor, but not clopidogrel, reduces arterial thrombosis via endothelial tissue factor suppression.$$$ AIMS: The P2Y(12) antagonist ticagrelor reduces mortality in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS), compared with clopidogrel, and the mechanisms underlying this effect are not clearly understood. Arterial thrombosis is the key event in ACS; however, direct vascular effects of either ticagrelor or clopidogrel with focus on arterial thrombosis and its key trigger tissue factor have not been previously investigated. METHODS AND RESULTS: Human aortic endothelial cells were treated with ticagrelor or clopidogrel active metabolite (CAM) and stimulated with tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α); effects on procoagulant tissue factor (TF) expression and activity, its counter-player TF pathway inhibitor (TFPI) and the underlying mechanisms were determined. Further, arterial thrombosis by photochemical injury of the common carotid artery, and TF expression in the murine endothelium were examined in C57BL/6 mice treated with ticagrelor or clopidogrel. Ticagrelor, but not CAM, reduced TNF-α-induced TF expression via proteasomal degradation and TF activity, independently of the P2Y(12) receptor and the equilibrative nucleoside transporter 1 (ENT1), an additional target of ticagrelor. In C57BL/6 mice, ticagrelor prolonged time to arterial occlusion, compared with clopidogrel, despite comparable antiplatelet effects. In line with our in vitro results, ticagrelor, but not clopidogrel, reduced TF expression in the endothelium of murine arteries. CONCLUSION: Ticagrelor, unlike clopidogrel, exhibits endothelial-specific antithrombotic properties and blunts arterial thrombus formation. The additional antithrombotic properties displayed by ticagrelor may explain its greater efficacy in reducing thrombotic events in clinical trials. These findings may provide the basis for new indications for ticagrelor.
Investigating CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele statuses and their association with stroke of different etiologies in a Taiwanese population.$$$ BACKGROUND: CYP2C19 loss-of-function single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) are associated with poor responses of clopidogrel in secondary prevention of ischemic stroke (IS). It is still unclear whether these SNPs, which may result in poor cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) enzymatic activity, affect the occurrence of IS and its subtypes. The present study evaluated the relationship between the CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles and IS. METHODS: Eight hundred sixty-eight patients with IS and 557 nonstroke (NS) control individuals were prospectively recruited. Stroke etiologies, including large-artery atherosclerosis (LAA), cardioembolism (CE), and small-vessel occlusion (SVO), were determined. The two most common CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles worldwide, CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3, were investigated by genotyping. Patients with two loss-of-function alleles of the CYP2C19 genes were classified as poor metabolizers. RESULTS: Our population has a high frequency of CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles, mostly contributed by CYP2C19*2, being present in 51.3% to 57.5% of patients with IS of different etiologies and 53.1% of NS individuals. The proportions of CYP2C19 poor metabolizers within NS group and each IS group with disparate etiology are similar (NS 73 [13.1%]; LAA 44 [14.2%], p = 0.623; CE 26 [14.0%], p = 0.541; SVO 38 [13.3%], p = 0.443). Nevertheless, the frequencies of CYP2C19*3 allele were different among the NS and different IS subgroups. Multivariate analyses adjusting for age, sex, and vascular risk factors revealed that CYP2C19*3 allele was a protective factor for SVO (odds ratio [OR] = 0.5, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.3 to 0.9, p = 0.015 [vs NS], OR = 0.5, 95% CI = 0.3 to 0.8, p = 0.010 [vs LAA and CE]). CONCLUSION: The CYP2C19 poor metabolizer is not associated with IS and its subtypes. Furthermore, CYP2C19*3 may be a protective factor for SVO and its mechanism warrants further investigation. FAU - Lee, Yi-Chung
Limitations of current therapies to prevent thrombosis: a need for novel strategies.$$$ Bleeding limits the benefit of current anti-platelet drugs for preventing heart attacks and stroke. Aspirin and clopidogrel, the two most widely prescribed anti-platelet drugs, are metabolized to active compounds that covalently and irreversibly modify their respective therapeutic targets (COX1 and P2Y12). The enduring effects of aspirin and clopidogrel are of concern in patients receiving anti-platelet therapy who require emergency surgery as this places them at greater risk of haemorrhage. As clopidogrel must be activated by cytochrome P450 metabolism, recent pharmacogenomic studies have revealed that patients lacking a functional allele of CYP2C19 derive no therapeutic benefit from the drug. Prasugrel, a second generation thienopyridine, whose bioconversion is not affected by CYP genetic polymorphism, demonstrates improved clinical benefit, but with increased bleeding risk. Anti-platelet drugs currently in cardiovascular trials that may have reduced bleeding risk include reversible P2Y12 antagonists (cangrelor, ticagrelor, and elinogrel), a PAR1 antagonist (SCH 530 348) and an EP3 antagonist (DG-041). The platelet EP3 receptor for prostaglandin E(2) is an attractive therapeutic target as EP3 antagonists may selectively avert thrombosis over atherosclerotic plaques without affecting bleeding risk. FAU - Fabre, Jean-Etienne
Risk of major adverse cardiovascular events for concomitant use of clopidogrel and proton pump inhibitors in patients inheriting CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles: meta-analysis.$$$ Background Efficacy of clopidogrel may be diminished due to either co-administration of proton pump inhibitors or carrying CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles. However, patients may be at greater risk of major adverse cardiovascular events if taking clopidogrel together with proton pump inhibitors and also inherited the CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles which may cause further reduction of clopidogrel efficacy. This is due to the cumulative effects of drug-drug interactions and drug-gene interactions collectively referred to as multifactorial drug-gene interactions. Aim of the review The aim of this analysis was to estimate aggregated risk of major adverse cardiovascular events for either coronary heart disease or stroke patients with multifactorial drug-gene interactions versus clopidogrel alone with or without drug-gene interactions. Methods Literatures were searched using different resources based on the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines. Meta-analysis was performed using RevMan software following either fixed/random effects model based on the levels of heterogeneity. A p value < 0.05 (2-sided) was considered statistically significant. Results In total, five studies consisting 8,802 patients of coronary artery diseases or stroke were included in this meta-analysis in which 3,767 were prescribed clopidogrel alone, 1,931 were concomitantly taking clopidogrel and PPIs, 2,146 were carrying CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles and 958 were taking both clopidogrel and proton pump inhibitors while also carrying CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles. It was found that patients with multifactorial drug-gene interactions were associated with significantly increased risk of major adverse cardiovascular events compared to those taking clopidogrel alone without CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles (12% vs. 5.8%; RR 1.73; 95% CI 1.12-2.67; p = 0.01). Patients with multifactorial drug-gene interactions were also associated with significantly increased risk of major adverse cardiovascular events compared to drug-gene interactions (RR 1.63; 95% CI 1.31-2.03; p < 0.0001). Patients taking clopidogrel with proton pump inhibitors were also associated with 35% significantly increased risk of major adverse cardiovascular events compared to those taking only clopidogrel (RR 1.35; 95% CI 1.11-1.65; p = 0.003). Conclusion Patients inheriting CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles have significantly increased risk of major adverse cardiovascular events when taking clopidogrel and proton pump inhibitors concurrently.
P2Y12 Inhibitor Monotherapy Versus Conventional Dual Antiplatelet Therapy or Aspirin Monotherapy in Acute Coronary Syndrome: A Pooled Analysis of the SMART-DATE and SMART-CHOICE Trials.$$$ Controversy remains regarding the optimal antiplatelet regimen in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). This study sought to investigate the efficacy and safety of P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy compared with conventional dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) and aspirin monotherapy in patients with ACS undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. Data on 4,453 patients were pooled from SMART-DATE and SMART-CHOICE randomized trials. Antiplatelet therapy regimens were categorized as P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy (P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy after 3-month DAPT), conventional DAPT (12-month or longer DAPT), and aspirin monotherapy (aspirin monotherapy after 6-month DAPT). The primary endpoint was major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCE, a composite of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, and stroke). Inverse-probability of treatment-weighted (IPTW) analysis was performed. At 1 year, patients in the P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy had a comparable risk of MACCE compared with those in the conventional DAPT (IPTW-adjusted hazard ratio [HR], 0.655; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.393 to 1.094; p = 0.106), and tended to have a lower risk of MACCE than those in the aspirin monotherapy (IPTW-adjusted HR, 0.606; 95% CI, 0.347 to 1.058; p = 0.078). The adjusted hazard for the Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) type 2 to 5 bleeding was significantly lower in P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy than in conventional DAPT (IPTW-adjusted HR, 0.341; 95% CI, 0.190 to 0.614; p < 0.001) and in aspirin monotherapy (IPTW-adjusted HR, 0.359; 95% CI, 0.182 to 0.708; p = 0.003). In conclusion, among patients with ACS undergoing PCI, P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy after 3-month DAPT reduced risk of bleeding compared with conventional DAPT and aspirin monotherapy after 6-month DAPT without increasing MACCE.
Impact of smoking on platelet function of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in minor stroke or transient ischaemic attack.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: It remains unclear whether smoking status has an impact on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in patients with acute minor stroke or transient ischaemic attack (TIA). METHODS: A subgroup analysis of a randomized controlled trial was conducted. Patients with minor stroke or TIA were randomized for treatment with ticagrelor plus aspirin or clopidogrel plus aspirin. Platelet reactivity was assessed by VerifyNow P2Y12 assay at baseline, 7 + 2 days and 90 ± 7 days. High on-treatment platelet reactivity (HOPR) was defined as P2Y12 reaction units >208. Clinical outcomes included any stroke, composite clinical vascular events and bleeding events at 90 days. Patients who smoked one or more cigarettes per day for at least 1 year in their lives were defined as smokers. RESULTS: Of 675 patients enrolled in the trial, 370 patients (54.8%) were smokers. At 7 + 2 days, the proportion of HOPR in ticagrelor versus clopidogrel was significantly lower in smokers (5.2% vs. 21.8%) and non-smokers (2.3% vs. 34.4%). There were marginal significant interactions between treatment groups and smoking status for the proportion of HOPR (P = 0.058). At 90 ± 7 days, there were significant interactions between treatment groups and smoking status for the risk of new stroke (smokers: 7.0% vs. 4.9%; hazard ratio, 1.57; 95% confidence interval, 0.65-3.79; P = 0.39; non-smokers: 5.3% vs. 13.5%; hazard ratio, 0.39; 95% confidence interval, 0.17-0.91; P = 0.01; P for interaction = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Among patients with minor stroke or TIA, ticagrelor was superior to clopidogrel in inhibiting platelet reactivity and reducing the risk of new stroke, particularly for non-smokers.
Effect of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel on platelet reactivity measured by thrombelastography in patients with minor stroke or TIA.$$$ In this study, we tested the effect of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel on platelet reactivity in patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA). A pre-specified subgroup analysis of a randomized controlled trial was conducted. Platelet reactivity was assessed by thrombelastography (TEG) platelet mapping. Patients were divided into carriers and non-carriers according to the carrier status of CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles. The primary outcome was the proportion of patients with high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HOPR) (defined as maximum amplitude induced by adenosine diphosphate > 47mm) at 90±7 days. Clinical outcomes within 90±7 days were followed up. Among 339 patients, 170 were randomized to ticagrelor/aspirin and 169 to clopidogrel/aspirin. Compared with clopidogrel/aspirin, the proportion of HOPR at 90±7 days in ticagrelor/aspirin was significantly lower (12.2% versus 30.0%, P < 0.001). Ticagrelor/aspirin had a lower proportion of HOPR among carriers (11.0% versus 35.6%, P < 0.001), but not among non-carriers (13.5% versus 22.4%, P = 0.17). Ticagrelor was superior to clopidogrel in inhibiting platelet reactivity measured by TEG platelet mapping among patients with acute minor stroke or TIA, particularly in carriers of the CYP2C19 LOF alleles. Large randomised controlled trials are needed to confirm our findings. FAU - Yang, Yingying
The secondary prevention of stroke according to cytochrome P450 2C19 genotype in patients with acute large-artery atherosclerosis stroke.$$$ PURPOSE: To investigated the effectiveness of antiplatelet agents for the secondary prevention of stroke according to CYP2C19 genotype in patients with ischemic stroke (IS). METHODS: Between August 2009 and December 2011, 570 acute IS patients with acute large-artery atherosclerosis were randomly assigned to receive either combined clopidogrel and aspirin for the first 30 day, and clopidogrel thereafter (clopidogrel group, n=284) or aspirin monotherapy (aspirin group, n=286). CYP2C19 genotypes were measured and masked until the end-of-study. The primary outcome was a composite of IS, transient ischemic attack (TIA), myocardial infarction (MI), and death. RESULTS: During the 5 years follow-up, the primary outcome occurred in 105 patients (18.4%) (71 had IS, 10 had TIA, 12 had MI, and 12 died). There were no significant differences in the primary outcome between clopidogrel group and aspirin group (16.5% vs. 20.3%) or between carriers of the CYP2C19 reduced-function alleles and noncarriers (21.8% vs.15.7%). In patients with aspirin therapy, CYP2C19 polymorphism was not associated with the primary outcome. However, in patients treated with clopidogrel, carriers of at least one CYP2C19 reduced-function allele had a 3-fold higher adjusted risk for primary outcome compared with noncarriers (95% confidence interval, 1.23 to 8.74). CONCLUSIONS: Among IS patients treated with clopidogrel, carriers of a reduced-function CYP2C19 allele had a significantly higher rate of adverse vascular events than did noncarriers. It should avoid prescribing clopidogrel to these patients with known CYP2C19 polymorphisms. FAU - Yi, Xingyang
Increased risk of atherothrombotic events associated with cytochrome P450 3A5 polymorphism in patients taking clopidogrel.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel is a prodrug requiring metabolism by cytochrome P450 3A (CYP3A) isoenzymes, including CYP3A5, in order to be active. It is controversial whether clopidogrel interacts with CYP3A inhibitors. We investigated the influence of CYP3A5 polymorphism on the drug interaction of clopidogrel. METHODS: In phase 1 of the study, we administered clopidogrel to 16 healthy volunteers who had the CYP3A5 non-expressor genotype (*3 allele) and 16 who had the CYP3A5 expressor genotype (*1 allele) with and without pretreatment with itraconazole, a potent CYP3A inhibitor. A platelet aggregation test was performed at baseline, 4 hours, 24 hours and 6 days after clopidogrel administration. In phase 2, we compared clinical outcomes of 348 patients treated with clopidogrel after successful coronary angioplasty with bare-metal stent implantation according to their CYP3A5 genotype; the primary end point was a composite of atherothrombotic events (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction and non-hemorrhagic stroke) within 1 and 6 months after stent implantation. RESULTS: In phase 1, the change in platelet aggregation after clopidogrel administration and pretreatment with itraconazole was greater among the subjects with the CYP3A5 expressor genotype than among those with the non-expressor genotype: 24.9% (standard deviation [SD] 13.9%) v. 6.2% (SD 13.5%) at 4 hours (p < 0.001); 27.7% (SD 16.5%) v. 2.5% (SD 8.3%) at 24 hours (p < 0.001); and 33.5% (SD 18.6%) v. 17.8% (SD 13.8%) at day 7 (p < 0.01). In phase 2, atherothrombotic events occurred more frequently within 6 months after stent implantation among the patients with the non-expressor genotype than among those with the expressor genotype (14/193 v. 3/155; p = 0.023). Multivariable analysis showed that the CYP3A5 polymorphism was a predictor of atherothrombotic events in clopidogrel users. INTERPRETATION: People with the CYP3A5 non-expressor genotype are vulnerable to drug interactions between clopidogrel and CYP3A inhibitors. This phenomenon may be associated with worse outcomes in patients with the non-expressor genotype who are given clopidogrel after coronary angioplasty and implantation of bare-metal stents. FAU - Suh, Jung-Won
Whole blood dynamic platelet aggregation counting and 1-year clinical outcomes in patients with coronary heart diseases treated with clopidogrel.$$$ In the setting of coronary heart diseases (CHDs) on treatment with clopidogrel, ADP-induced platelet aggregation has been demonstrated with ischemic events. However, there were very limited data for predicting ischemic events by platelet function test via dynamic platelet aggregation counting (DPAC). The present study aimed to evaluate the relationship between adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-induced whole blood platelet aggregation rates (PARs) and clinical outcomes in patients with CHDs on treatment with clopidogrel. We have retrospectively analyzed the clinical data of consecutive patients with CHDs based on the electronic medical records between May 2016 and December 2018. The primary endpoint was a composite endpoint events (CEEs) of ischemic cardiovascular events (including acute coronary syndrome, heart failure, transient ischemic attack, and cerebral infarction) and all-cause death. A total of 490 patients (mean age 66.6 years, 71% man) were received ADP-induced PARs via DPAC. On follow-up (mean 374 days), 107 subjects (21.8%) developed CEEs. Cox regression analysis indicated that the risk of CEEs was independently associated with ADP-induced whole blood PARs [HR: 1.023, 95% CI: 1.005-1.041, P = .011]. The distribution of CYP2C19 loss of function gene was higher in patients with on-treatment platelet hyperresponsiveness (10/12 vs 38/75, P = .042). In conclusion, ADP-induced whole blood PARs via DPAC is feasible, which can predict the incidence of 1-year CEEs in patients with CHDs on treatment with clopidogrel. CYP2C19 gene polymorphism was associated with clopidogrel on-treatment platelet hyperresponsiveness. FAU - Wan, Huaibin
Body weight, CYP2C19, and P2Y12 receptor polymorphisms relate to clopidogrel resistance in a cohort of Chinese ischemic stroke patients with aspirin intolerance.$$$ PURPOSE: Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAT) with clopidogrel and aspirin is not suitable for clopidogrel resistance (CR) patients with aspirin intolerance. To investigate the prevalence of CR in patients with aspirin intolerance after ischemic stroke (IS) and to assess the relationship between CR and CYP2C19, P2Y12 receptor genotypes in patients with aspirin intolerance after IS. METHODS: We enrolled 126 IS patients with aspirin intolerance from Han Chinese in Shangqiu from January 2016 to November 2018. All IS patients with aspirin intolerance were treated with clopidogrel for 7 days. Adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet inhibition rate was measured by thrombelastography (TEG) mapping assay. The SNPs CYP2C19*2, CYP2C19*3, and P2Y12 receptor (52 G >T) were genotyped by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) technique. Binary logistic regression analyses were performed using SPSS version 20.0. RESULTS: The prevalence of CR in patients with aspirin intolerance after IS was approximately 31.0%. Multivariate regression analysis showed that body weight (OR 1.091 (95% CI 1.031-1.155), p = 0.003), CYP2C19 phenotype intermediate metabolizer (IM) (OR 3.820 (95% CI 1.021-14.288), p = 0.046), and CYP2C19 phenotype poor metabolizer (PM) (OR 14.481 (95% CI 2.791-75.129), p = 0.001) significantly increased the risk of CR and P2Y12 receptors (52 G >T) (OR 3.498 [95% CI 1.251-9.784], p = 0.017) increased the risk of CR. CONCLUSIONS: The patients with high body weight, the CYP2C19 phenotypes, and P2Y12 receptor (52 G >T) variant alleles are at risk of CR during clopidogrel treatment in Chinese IS patients with aspirin intolerance. The higher body weight and relevant polymorphisms may help to predict CR in Chinese IS patients with aspirin intolerance. FAU - Li, Zhiqiang
Comparative Safety and Effectiveness of Loading Doses of P2Y12 Inhibitors in Patients Undergoing Elective PCI: a Network Meta-analysis.$$$ PURPOSE: Effective platelet inhibition prior to elective percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) reduces the risk of ischemic complications. Newer P2Y12 inhibitors are preferred agents over clopidogrel for patients presenting with the acute coronary syndrome. However, the comparative efficacy and safety of them over clopidogrel in elective PCI is unclear. We performed a network meta-analysis to compare the safety and efficacy of loading strategies of P2Y12 inhibitors in patients undergoing elective PCI. METHODS: We conducted a systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCT) up to June 2021 to compare the safety and effectiveness of different loading strategies of P2Y12 inhibitors before elective PCI. The endpoints of interest were overall mortality, rates of myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, revascularization, and major bleeding. Random effects model using the frequentist approach was used to perform a network meta-analysis using R software. RESULTS: Five trials with a total of 5194 patients were included in our analysis. For ischemic outcomes, including MI, stroke, and revascularization, prasugrel had the most favorable trend. However, clopidogrel had the highest probability of being most effective for major bleeding and all-cause mortality. None of these trends was statistically significant due to lack of power for each outcome. CONCLUSION: Although prasugrel and ticagrelor are known as more potent antiplatelet agents, their effects in preventing MI and stroke are marginal and do not translate into improved overall mortality and bleeding compared with clopidogrel.
Advances in antiplatelet therapy for stroke prevention: the new P2Y12 antagonists.$$$ Thrombus formation at a site of arterial injury (eg, rupture of an atherosclerotic plaque in a carotid artery), a crucial step in the pathogenesis of cerebral ischemia, is initiated by the adhesion of platelets to the arterial wall. In vivo, activated platelets release adenosine diphosphate (ADP), whose binding to the platelet P2Y12 receptor elicits progressive and sustained platelet aggregation. As a result, this receptor has been a target for the development of clinically effective antiplatelet agents, such as the thienopyridines ticlopidine and, more recently, clopidogrel, the only two currently FDA-approved P2Y12 antagonists. Clopidogrel has a well-established role as an antithrombotic agent in the setting of ischemic stroke. However, several challenges remain, including the relatively slow onset of action of this drug and the phenomenon of clopidogrel response variability or "resistance". A number of novel P2Y12 antagonists are therefore under investigation to determine whether they can result in better or more rapid antithrombotic effects than clopidogrel, without an unacceptable increase in hemorrhagic (or other) side effects. These include 1) prasugrel, an orally-administered thienopyridine prodrug, 2) ticagrelor (AZD6140), an ATP analog reversible P2Y12 antagonist, 3) cangrelor, an intravenously-administered reversible P2Y12 antagonist, and 4) PRT060128. Whether the promising pharmacological profile of these drugs will be translated into clinical benefit for stroke patients will be determined by the results of clinical trials. FAU - Giossi, A
Incidence of Device-Related Thrombosis in Watchman Patients Undergoing a Genotype-Guided Antithrombotic Strategy.$$$ OBJECTIVES: This study sought to report the incidence of device-related thrombosis (DRT) and thromboembolic (TE) events when an alternative to clopidogrel is prescribed in loss-of-function (LOF) allele carriers of the cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) gene. BACKGROUND: LOF polymorphisms of the CYP2C19 gene are associated with reduced hepatic bioactivation of clopidogrel. METHODS: A total of 1,002 Watchman patients were included. Six hundred forty-five patients underwent CYP2C19 genetic testing; among patients with clopidogrel resistance, clopidogrel was replaced by either prasugrel (pilot cohort) or half dose direct oral anticoagulant ([DOAC]/Group 1), both in combination with aspirin. We compared the incidence of DRT/TE events among genotyped patients and a control group which received standard dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) (Group 2; n = 357). All reported events occurred during a timeframe between 45- and 180-day follow-up transesophageal echocardiograms, when the 2 different antithrombotic strategies (genotype-guided vs standard DAPT) were adopted. RESULTS: In the pilot cohort (n = 244), bleeding events occurred in 10.2% of patients who received aspirin plus prasugrel, leading to early discontinuation of the prasugrel-based protocol. DOAC Group 1 patients (n = 401), 25.7% were reduced metabolizers, and clopidogrel was replaced by half dose direct oral anticoagulant. DRT was documented in 1 (0.2%) patient of Group 1 and 7 (1.96%) patients of Group 2 (log-rank P = 0.021). The composite endpoint of DRT/TE events was significantly lower among patients receiving a genotype-guided antithrombotic strategy (0.75% vs 3.10%; log-rank P = 0.017). CONCLUSIONS: In Watchman patients, a genotype-based antithrombotic strategy with aspirin plus half dose DOAC in reduced clopidogrel metabolizers was superior to standard DAPT with respect to DRT/TE events.
Dual therapy with clopidogrel and aspirin prevents early neurological deterioration in ischemic stroke patients carrying CYP2C19*2 reduced-function alleles.$$$ PURPOSE: To investigate the associations between CYP2C19 genotypes and early neurological deterioration (END), and to carry out a stratified analysis of the effectiveness of clopidogrel alone and dual antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel and aspirin for prevention of END according to CYP2C19 genotypes in ischemic stroke (IS) patients. METHODS: This was a prospective, observational, two-center study. A total of 375 acute IS patients were enrolled. Platelet aggregation was measured before and after the 7- to 10-day treatment. Clopidogrel resistance (CR) was assessed by adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet aggregation. CYP2C19*2 (rs4244285) and CYP2C19*3 (rs4986893) genotypes were examined using mass spectrometry. The primary outcome was END during the 10 days after admission. RESULTS: Among the 375 patients, 144 patients received clopidogrel alone, 231 patients took clopidogrel plus aspirin, 153 patients (40.8%) had CR, 95 patients (25.3%) experienced END. Patients carrying CYP2C19*2 AG/AA (CYP2C19*2 reduced-function alleles) and CR were associated with a higher risk for END, and dual antiplatelet therapy was associated with a lower risk for END. Stratified analyses revealed that there was no significant difference in the incidence of END between patients not carryingCYP2C19*2 reduced-function alleles who received clopidogrel plus aspirin and those who received clopidogrel alone. However, dual antiplatelet therapy was more effective at reducing END and inhibiting platelet aggregation than clopidogrel alone for carriers of at least one CYP2C19*2 reduced-function allele. CONCLUSIONS: The frequency of END was very high after acute IS in the Chinese population. Dual therapy with clopidogrel and aspirin may be adequate for patients carrying CYP2C19*2 reduced-function alleles. Genetic testing may be useful to guide personalized and precise antiplatelet therapy. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION INFORMATION: The study described here is registered at http://www.chictr.org / (unique Identifier: ChiCTR-OCH-14004724). FAU - Lin, Jing
CYP2C19*2/ABCB1-C3435T polymorphism and risk of cardiovascular events in coronary artery disease patients on clopidogrel: is clinical testing helpful?$$$ BACKGROUND: Studies evaluating CYP2C19*2 and ABCB1-C3435T polymorphisms have shown conflicting results. We performed this meta-analysis to evaluate role of clinical testing for these polymorphisms in CAD patients on clopidogrel. METHODS: 19,601 patients from 14 trials were analyzed. The endpoints were major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), cardiovascular (CV) death, stent thrombosis (ST), myocardial infarction (MI), stroke and major bleeding. Combined relative risks (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were computed for each outcome by using standard methods of meta-analysis and test parameters were computed. RESULTS: CYP2C19*2 polymorphism was associated with higher risk of MACE [RR: 1.28, CI: 1.06-1.54; p=0.009], CV death [RR: 3.21, CI: 1.65-6.23; p=0.001], MI [RR: 1.36, CI: 1.12-1.65; p=0.002], ST [RR: 2.41, CI: 1.69-3.41; p<0.001]. No difference was seen in major bleeding events [RR: 1.02, CI: 0.86-1.20; p=0.83]. Subgroup analysis showed similar results for elective PCI [RR: 1.34, CI: 1.01-1.76; p=0.03], and PCI with DES [RR: 1.53, CI: 1.029-1.269; p=0.03]. CYP2C19*2 polymorphism has very low sensitivity (28-58%), specificity (71-73%), positive predictive value (3-10%) but good negative predictive value (92-99%). ABCB1-C3435T polymorphism analysis revealed similar MACE [RR: 1.13, CI: 0.99-1.29; p=0.06], ST [RR: 0.88, CI: 0.52-1.47; p=0.63] and major bleeding [RR: 1.04, CI: 0.87-1.25; p=0.62] in both groups. CONCLUSION: In CAD patients on clopidogrel therapy, CYP2C19*2 polymorphism is associated with significantly increased adverse cardiovascular events. However, due to the low positive predictive value, routine genetic testing cannot be recommended at present.
CYP2C19*2/ABCB1-C3435T polymorphism and risk of cardiovascular events in coronary artery disease patients on clopidogrel: is clinical testing helpful?$$$ OBJECTIVES: This comparative effectiveness review evaluated the analytic validity, prognostic value, and comparative effectiveness of two types of medical tests (genetic testing for CYP2C19 variants and phenotypic testing to measure platelet reactivity) to identify patients who are most likely to benefit from clopidogrel-based antiplatelet therapy and to guide antiplatelet therapy in patient populations who are eligible to receive or are already receiving clopidogrel treatment. DATA SOURCES: We searched MEDLINE(®), the Cochrane Central Trials Registry, the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, the Human Genome Epidemiology Network database, and the National Institutes of Health Genetic Association Database, from inception to July 27, 2012. We also searched the Food and Drug Administration Web site and ClinicalTrials.gov, and contacted test manufacturers and authors of primary studies. REVIEW METHODS: We used established systematic review methods to identify English-language articles describing studies performed in all relevant care settings on the basis of predetermined eligibility criteria: adult patients with cardiovascular, cerebrovascular, or peripheral arterial disease who were candidates for or were receiving clopidogrel; use of genetic testing (for CYP2C19 variants) or phenotypic testing (for platelet reactivity). Studies had to report information on the analytic validity, prognostic ability for intermediate (platelet reactivity) or clinical outcomes, use of tests to guide antiplatelet therapy, or adverse events from testing itself or from test-directed treatment. RESULTS: The literature search yielded 10,475 unique citations, 1,419 of which were obtained in full text and reviewed. A total of 326 publications were judged to have met the inclusion criteria. (Some publications contributed data to multiple analyses.) Eleven studies provided information for the analytic validity of genotyping assays and 105 for the analytic validity of platelet reactivity assays. Test-retest reliability and interassay agreement for genotyping assays appeared adequate; however, few studies were available. Agreement between assays for measuring platelet reactivity was poor to moderate. Generally, agreement was higher between measurements obtained from the same assay using different agonist concentrations than between different assay types. Only 12 studies provided information on analytic test performance, and they reported variable results. One hundred six studies provided information on the ability of genetic testing for CYP2C19 variants to predict clinical outcomes or platelet reactivity during followup. The majority of studies were conducted in populations with ischemic heart disease. Under a dominant model, loss-of-function alleles were associated with higher on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity and were statistically significantly associated with stent thrombosis (relative risk [RR] = 1.52; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.17 to 1.97); major adverse cardiovascular events (RR=1.20; 95% CI, 1.04 to 1.39); and cardiovascular mortality (RR=1.98; 95% CI, 1.13 to 3.46). Associations were nonstatistically significant in meta-analyses of loss-of-function alleles and all-cause mortality, acute coronary syndromes, stroke, and bleeding events. Sensitivity analyses under recessive and additive models for the two outcomes with adequate data (major adverse cardiovascular events and stent thrombosis) produced results in the same direction but with larger effect sizes than the dominant model. Under a dominant model, gain-of-function alleles were significantly associated with reduced risk of major adverse cardiovascular events (RR=0.82; 95% CI, 0.74 to 0.92). One hundred twenty-eight studies provided information on the ability of baseline on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity to predict clinical outcomes or platelet reactivity during followup. The majority of studies were conducted in populations with ischemic heart disease. Patients with high platelet reactivity at baseline were more likely to be clopidogrel nonresponders during followup. The ability to predict clinical outcomes was reported for various assays; the most commonly assessed were light-transmission aggregometry (55 studies); VerifyNow P2Y12 (38 studies); vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein assay (19 studies); Multiplate analyzer (18 studies); and Platelet Function Analyzer-100 (11 studies). Overall, studies suggested that increased on-clopidogrel reactivity was associated with increased rates of adverse cardiovascular outcomes. Fourteen studies provided information on the use of genetic testing for CYP2C19 variants for guiding treatment choice: 1 randomized trial of testing versus no testing, 12 randomized treatment trials assessing effect modification by CYP2C19 status, 1 randomized treatment trial selecting patients on the basis of CYP2C19 genotype. Twenty-four studies provided information on the use of platelet reactivity measurements to guide antiplatelet therapy: 7 comparative studies of alternative testing strategies (6 with random allocation), 3 randomized treatment trials assessing effect modification by reactivity status, 14 randomized treatment trials selecting patients on the basis of platelet reactivity levels. Studies had heterogeneous designs and compared different treatment strategies. Overall, there was insufficient evidence regarding the use of genotyping CYP2C19 variants or phenotypic testing for platelet reactivity to guide treatment selection. CONCLUSIONS: We found evidence to support an association between loss-of-function CYP2C19 variants and increased risk of adverse cardiovascular outcomes. Similarly, we found evidence that high on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity is associated with an increased risk of adverse cardiovascular outcomes, at least for some of the available assays. The strength of evidence regarding these prognostic effects was judged to be low or moderate because of concerns regarding selective outcome reporting and publication bias, and the relatively small number of studies reporting data on most clinical outcomes. The strength of evidence regarding the use of genetic or platelet reactivity testing to guide antiplatelet treatment selection was judged to be insufficient because studies reporting on clinical outcomes were few, had diverse designs, and included heterogeneous populations. Comparative data on alternative test strategies (genetic versus phenotypic) are lacking. FAU - Dahabreh, Issa J
Paraoxonase-1 Q192R polymorphism is not associated with clopidogrel response in Chinese stroke patients.$$$ It is well known that CYP2C19*2/*2 is associated with attenuated response to clopidogrel, but recent findings indicated that in white patients, paraoxonase-1 (PON1) 192Q/Q was a major determinant of clopidogrel efficacy. The objective of this research was to assess the impact of PON1 Q192R polymorphism on the maximum platelet aggregation (MPA) and the anti-platelet effect of clopidogrel in clopidogrel-treated Chinese stroke patients. The study recruited 183 eligible Chinese stroke patients treated with a loading dose of 300-mg clopidogrel and a 75-mg daily maintenance dose. CYP2C19*2 and PON1 Q192R were genotyped, a subcohort of 13 patients with CYP2C19 *2/*2 genotype was excluded. Finally 170 patients with CYP2C19*1/*1 (wild-type homozygotes, n = 87) or CYP2C19*1/*2 (mutant heterozygotes, n = 83) were enrolled in the study population. These patients were divided into three groups according to their PON1 Q192R genotype: wild-type homozygotes, PON1 192QQ, n = 17; mutant heterozygotes, PON1 192QR, n = 81; mutant homozygotes, PON1 192RR, n = 72. MPA was measured by light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) to assess platelet function after seven 75-mg maintenance doses of clopidogrel before discharge. In those patients who were carriers of 1 mutant allele (PON1 Q/R192), ADP-induced MPA were not significantly different compared with wild-type homozygous patients [30.5% (IQR, 17.5 to 49.1%) versus 25.0% (IQR, 10.0 to 52.5%), respectively; P = 0.910]. In addition, in the patients who were carriers of the 2 mutant allele (PON1 R/R192), MPA were also not significantly different from wild-type homozygous patients [29.2% (IQR, 15.0 to 43.4%) versus 25.0% (IQR, 10.0 to 52.5%), respectively; P = 0.717]. Results of a multivariable linear regression model demonstrated that PON1 192R allele carriage was not independently associated with ADP-induced MPA measurements (P = 0.408). PON1 Q192R polymorphism does not seem to exhibit any impact on MPA and clopidogrel response at all. FAU - Yang, Jie
APpropriateness Assessment in Antiplatelet THerapY (APATHY) registry: Insight from current clinical practice.$$$ BACKGROUND: In clinical practice there is a gap between guidelines recommendation and antiplatelet strategies used for acute coronary syndrome (ACS). We sought to evaluate appropriateness of antiplatelet strategies employed in a tertiary center. METHODS AND RESULTS: From January to June 2014, 430 ACS were treated with percutaneous coronary intervention by 3 groups of interventional cardiologists. Aspirin and clopidogrel (52%) were the most commonly used antiplatelet therapies, being prasugrel associated with aspirin in 110 (25.5%) and ticagrelor in 97 (22.5%) ACS. Inappropriate use of prasugrel (Tia/Ictus) was found in 2 (1.8%) patients and not recommended use (>75years, without diabetes or previous myocardial infarction) in 11 (10%). Not recommended use of ticagrelor (plus warfarin) was found in 4 (4.4%). Switching from clopidogrel to prasugrel occurred in 29% [28 showing high residual platelet reactivity (HRPR: ADP 10μmol>70%), and 4 left main stenting], while from clopidogrel to ticagrelor occurred in 13.4% (all showing HRPR, but 1). The most powerful predictor for prescription of 3rd generation P2Y12 inhibitors was the HRPR (OR 5.473, 95%CI 2.41-12.43, p<0.0001), whereas the behavior of attending cardiologist (HR 0.674, 95%CI 0.573-0.847, p=0.001) and the older age reduced the probability of receiving it (OR0.963, 95%CI 0.943-0.984, p=0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Clopidogrel remained the most common P2Y12 inhibitor employed for ACS. Third generation P2Y12 inhibitor prescription was lower than the one expected by guidelines recommendations, and the switching was largely based on clopidogrel HRPR. These findings suggest the need for a greater effort to improve adherence of cardiology community to current guidelines.
Comparison of Clopidogrel and Ticlopidine/Ginkgo Biloba in Patients With Clopidogrel Resistance and Carotid Stenting.$$$ Background and Purpose: Patients undergoing carotid artery stenting (CAS) who show low responsiveness to clopidogrel may have a higher risk of peri-procedural embolic events. This study aimed to compare the effectiveness and safety of clopidogrel and ticlopidine plus Ginkgo biloba in clopidogrel-resistant patients undergoing CAS. Methods: In this multi-center, randomized, controlled trial, we used platelet reactivity test to select patients undergoing CAS who showed clopidogrel resistance, and compared treatments using clopidogrel and ticlopidine plus ginkgo. The primary outcome was the incidence of new ischemic lesion in the ipsilateral hemisphere of CAS. Detection of microembolic signal on transcranial Doppler was the secondary outcome. The clinical outcomes were also monitored. Results: This trial was discontinued after 42 patients were randomized after preplanned interim sample size re-estimation indicated an impractical sample size. The primary endpoint occurred in 12/22 patients (54.5%) in the clopidogrel group and 13/20 patients (65.0%) in the ticlopidine-ginkgo group (P = 0.610). No significant differences in the presence of microembolic signal (15.0 vs. 11.8%, P = 0.580), clinical outcomes (ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack, 0.0 vs. 5.5%; acute myocardial infarction 0.0 vs. 0.0%; all-cause death, 4.5 vs. 0.0%), or incidence of adverse events were found in the two groups. In terms of resistance to clopidogrel, treatment with ticlopidine-ginkgo significantly increased the P2Y12 Reaction Units (difference, 0.0 [-0.3-3.0] vs. 21.0 [6.0-35.0], P < 0.001). Conclusions: In patients who showed clopidogrel resistance, ticlopidine-ginkgo treatment was safe and increased P2Y12 Reaction Units; however, compared to clopidogrel, it failed to improve surrogate and clinical endpoints in patients undergoing CAS. This multimodal biomarker-based clinical trial is feasible in neurointerventional research. Clinical Trial Registration: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT02133989. FAU - Chung, Jong-Won
Age-dependent association of CYP2C19 polymorphisms with clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in minor stroke patients with large-artery atherosclerosis.$$$ PURPOSE: Previous studies on the association between CYP2C19 polymorphisms and therapeutic outcome of clopidogrel in stroke patients are inconclusive. We aimed to investigate the impact of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on therapeutic efficacy of clopidogrel in both young and old minor stroke patients associated with large-artery atherosclerosis (LAA). METHODS: A total of 510 eligible patients were enrolled between April 2015 and April 2018. During 1 year of follow-up, the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) was recorded. Statistical comparisons were performed using Pearson's chi squared test, Mann Whitney U test, and the Breslow-Day test to determine the effects of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on clinical outcome in different age strata. Multivariate binary logistic analysis was used to examine the potential prognostic predictors for clinical outcome. Model fitness was detected with Hosmer-Lemeshow test. RESULTS: Sixty years old was identified as the optimal cutoff age for CYP2C19 polymorphisms to affect the clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in LAA-associated minor stroke patients (OR = 1.67; 95% CI 1.08-2.58). Comparisons of baseline characteristics between patients with favorable and poor outcome indicated the correlation between CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) allele and poorer clinical outcome in ≤ 60-year-old patients (OR = 4.29; 95% CI 1.68-10.93). The heterogeneity test showed a presence of interaction between age and CYP2C19 LOF (OR = 3.75; 95% CI 1.30-10.81). The logistic analyses further suggested that CYP2C19 LOF predicted poor clinical outcome in ≤ 60-year-old but not in > 60-year-old LAA-associated minor stroke patients receiving clopidogrel for the second prevention. CONCLUSIONS: Carriage of the CYP2C19 LOF allele may prevent expected clinical outcome during clopidogrel therapy in young LAA-associated minor stroke patients, whereas not in older patients. FAU - Wang, Dapeng
Impact of CYP2C19 Polymorphisms on Clinical Outcomes and Antiplatelet Potency of Clopidogrel in Caucasian Poststroke Survivors.$$$ BACKGROUND: Variable response after clopidogrel is well documented and may affect major adverse clinical events after stroke. Impact of CYP2C19 genetic polymorphisms is an established marker linked to variable response after clopidogrel. However, the association of certain genetic polymorphisms with prediction of major adverse clinical events following stroke still remains controversial, especially in Caucasians. STUDY QUESTION: The primary aim was to evaluate the impact of CYP2C19 allele *2 in heterozygote form on major adverse clinical events in Caucasian poststroke survivors treated with clopidogrel. The secondary aim was to analyze the potential link between CYP2C19 genetic polymorphism and variable response after clopidogrel. STUDY DESIGN: One hundred thirty patients of Caucasian origin following documented ischemic stroke were included. Platelet reactivity was assessed by light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) and matched with various CYP2C19 loss-of-function genetic polymorphisms and major adverse clinical events (composite of vascular deaths, stroke/transient ischemic attack, and myocardial infarction). RESULTS: Over the mean follow-up of 14.9 months, 19 patients experienced major adverse clinical events. The risk of major adverse clinical events was nearly 3-fold in loss-of-function allele carriers (hazard ratio = 2.904; 95% confidence interval, 1.083-7.786; P = 0.013), whereas the risk of ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack alone was also higher (hazard ratio = 3.170; 95% confidence interval, 1.281-7.849; P = 0.034). Platelet activity was strongly associated with allele *2 status (rs = 0.21, P = 0.016) but not with other genetic polymorphisms. Carriers of allele*2 exhibited lower platelet response to adenosine diphosphate-mean LTA (30.1% vs. 42.0%; P = 0.017). There were no significant differences in LTA results with other agonists. Strong association of increase in adenosine diphosphate-induced aggregation with diabetes mellitus (rs = 0.20, P = 0.023), increasing age (rs = 0.23, P = 0.008), and conversely diminishing over increased weight (rs = 0.23, P = 0.009) was also detected. The carriers of other gene allele variants lack uniformed impact on variable response after clopidogrel. CONCLUSIONS: Even heterozygous CYP2C19*2 allele carriers among Caucasian patients after ischemic stroke had a higher risk of major adverse clinical events. The LTA, however, did not predict major adverse clinical events. The exact clinical utility of these findings is still uncertain and requires large outcome-driven randomized trial in Caucasians for proof of concept. FAU - Tomek, Aleš
Effectiveness and safety of high dose clopidogrel plus aspirin in ischemic stroke patients with the single CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele: a randomized trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dual antiplatelet aggregation therapy leads to better outcomes in patients with carotid artery stenosis, intracranial artery stenosis, minor strokes, or transient ischaemic attacks. However, carriers of the CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele may not experience the desired effects. We attempted to increase the clopidogrel dose to determine whether it would improve the outcomes of stroke patients who carry a single loss-of-function allele. METHODS: We recruited 131 patients with minor ischaemic stroke, within less than 7 days of stroke onset and a CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele, who had moderate-to-severe cerebral artery stenosis. Patients were divided into the high dose group (clopidogrel 150 mg per day + aspirin 100 mg per day over 21 days.) and a normal dose group (clopidogrel 75 mg per day + aspirin 100 mg per day over 21 days). The reported outcomes included any vascular or major bleeding events as the primary and safety endpoints, respectively. RESULTS: One and six vascular events occurred in the high dose and normal dose groups during the 3-months follow-up period, respectively. However, no significant difference was found between the two groups when adjusted for history of diabetes (hazard ratio, 5482; 95% confidence interval, 0.660 to 45.543; P = 0.115). No major bleeding events occurred. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with ischaemic stroke who had a single CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele and moderate to severe cerebral stenosis, fewer vascular events occurred within 3 months with high dose of clopidogrel and aspirin than with normal dose of clopidogrel and aspirin. However, the difference between the two groups was not significant. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinical study of clopidogrel in the treatment of patients with symptomatic moderate to severe cerebral artery stenosis with intermediate metabolites of CYP2C19, URL: http://www.chictr.org.cn/ . Unique identifier: ChiCTR1800017411 , 07/28/2018. FAU - Wu, Hongliang
Utility of a pharmacogenetic-driven algorithm in guiding dual antiplatelet therapy for patients undergoing coronary drug-eluting stent implantation in China.$$$ PURPOSES: The POPular Risk Score (PRiS), a pharmacogenetic-driven algorithm consisting of CYP2C19 genotype, platelet reactivity, and clinical risk factors, is developed to evaluate ischemic risk and guide dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT). This study aimed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of DAPT in accordance with the PRiS in patients undergoing drug-eluting stent (DES) implantation. METHODS: A total of 1757 patients recruited in this cohort study were divided into four groups according to the PRiS and type of P2Y12 receptor inhibitor treatment at discharge. The primary endpoint was major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE, a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, definite or probable stent thrombosis, and target vessel revascularization) during 1-year follow-up. The safety endpoints were defined by Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) criteria as major bleeding (BARC 3a, 3b, 3c, and 5) and clinically relevant bleeding (BARC 2, 3a, 3b, 3c, and 5). RESULTS: Among 1046 patients with PRiS < 2 and 711 patients with PRiS ≥ 2, 34.2% and 38.3% of them were treated with ticagrelor, respectively. The PRiS ≥ 2 was an independent predictor for the 1-year incidence of MACE (HR(95%CI): 2.09 (1.37-3.20), p = 0.001). Multivariable Cox regression indicated that in the PRiS ≥ 2 group, ticagrelor was superior to clopidogrel in reducing the risk of MACE (HR(95%CI): 0.53 (0.29-0.98), p = 0.042), without increasing the bleeding risk. On the other hand, in the PRiS < 2 group, clopidogrel treatment was related to a remarkably lower rate of BARC class ≥ 2 bleeding (HR(95%CI): 0.39 (0.20-0.72), p = 0.003), but comparable incidences of MACE and BARC class ≥ 3 bleeding during 1-year follow-up. Similar associations between P2Y12 receptor inhibitors and 1-year endpoints in the PRiS < 2 and PRiS ≥ 2 group could also be identified in propensity score-weighted analysis and propensity score-matched analysis. CONCLUSION: Tailored DAPT based on the PRiS could assist in improving the prognosis of patients undergoing DES implantation. Further randomized controlled trials are required to provide more evidence for PRiS-guided DAPT.
Analytical validation of GMEX rapid point-of-care CYP2C19 genotyping system for the CHANCE-2 trial.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Rapid genotyping is useful for guiding early antiplatelet therapy in patients with high-risk nondisabling ischaemic cerebrovascular events (HR-NICE). Conventional genetic testing methods used in CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy for patients with HR-NICE did not satisfy the needs of the Clopidogrel in High-Risk Patients with Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events (CHANCE)-2 trial. Therefore, we developed the rapid-genotyping GMEX (point-of-care) system to meet the needs of the CHANCE-2 trial. METHODS: Healthy individuals and patients with history of cardiovascular diseases (n=408) were enrolled from six centres of the CHANCE-2 trial. We compared the laboratory-based genomic test results with Sanger sequencing test results for accuracy verification. Next, we demonstrated the accuracy, timeliness and clinical operability of the GMEX system compared with laboratory-based technology (YZY Kit) to verify whether the GMEX system satisfies the needs of the CHANCE-2 trial. RESULTS: Genotypes reported by the GMEX system showed 100% agreement with those determined by using the YZY Kit and Sanger sequencing for all three CYP2C19 alleles (*2, *3 and *17) tested. The average result's turnaround times for the GMEX and YZY Kit methods were 85.0 (IQR: 85.0-86.0) and 1630.0 (IQR: 354.0-7594.0) min (p<0.001), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that the GMEX system is a reliable and feasible point-of-care system for rapid CYP2C19 genotyping for the CHANCE-2 trial or related clinical and research applications.
Effect of cytochrome P450 2C19 polymorphism on adverse cardiovascular events after drug-eluting stent implantation in a large Hakka population with acute coronary syndrome receiving clopidogrel in southern China.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study is to evaluate the effects of cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) polymorphism on adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) in Hakka patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) receiving clopidogrel who had undergone coronary drug-eluting stent placement after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in southern China. METHODS: Genotyping of CYP2C19 and MACE of 934 ACS patients with PCI on clopidogrel maintenance therapy were analyzed. Patients who carried loss-of-function CYP2C19 were treated with a 150-mg maintenance dose of clopidogrel or 90 mg of ticagrelor antiplatelet therapy, and patients who were non-carriers received clopidogrel therapy daily at a maintenance dose of 75 mg and the patients were followed-up for at least 12 months. The primary efficacy endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, and target vessel revascularization and stroke. RESULTS: The allelic frequency of CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 of Hakka patients in the current study was 31.64 and 5.19%, respectively. The CYP2C19 wild-type homozygotes (*1/*1) were the most predominant among the patients (40.36%), followed by the CYP2C19*2 heterozygotes (*1/*2) (40.26%). The distribution of CYP2C19 phenotypes was divided into extensive metabolizers (EM; 40.36%), intermediate metabolizers (IM; 45.61%), and poor metabolizers (PM; 14.03%). Based on the genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy, there was no significant association between the carrier status and the clinical outcome at 1, 6, and 12 months. In addition, no significant difference in the rates of bleeding was found among the three groups. After logistic regression analysis, hypertension was the only independent predictor of cardiovascular events (relative risk, 1.501; 95% CI, 1.011 to 2.229; P = 0.044). CONCLUSIONS: Our results shed new light on the important benefit of testing CYP2C19 polymorphisms before prescribing clopidogrel in patients treated with drug-eluting stent implantation after PCI. The testing may help to optimize pharmacotherapy effectiveness by providing individualized treatment to the Chinese population. Our findings mandate further studies aimed at initiating genome-based personalized antiplatelet therapy in a Hakka population in southern China. FAU - Zhong, Zhixiong
Future prospects in anti-platelet therapy: a review of potential P2Y12 and thrombin receptor antagonists.$$$ Atherothrombosis is an acute complication that develops on the surface of a ruptured atheromatous plaque or as a consequence of endothelial erosion that may cause myocardial infarction or ischemic stroke. Anti-platelet therapy has been highly effective at reducing atherothrombotic risk. However, patients continue to experience thrombotic events despite the use of agents such as aspirin and clopidogrel. Many of these events occur, in part, because of the inadequate response to these drugs. This has prompted the pursuit of novel agents with aspirations of optimizing anti-platelet therapy. New opportunities have emerged to address the deficiencies in current anti-platelet agents. Among these are thrombin receptor antagonists, such as SCH530348 and P2Y12 receptor antagonists, such as prasugrel, cangrelor, and AZD6140. The patents describe these novel compounds and compositions, their ability to inhibit platelet activation and/or aggregation and their use in the treatment of atherothrombotic diseases. These drugs have pharmacologic properties that translate into increased potency, more rapid onset of action, and less variability in response compared to standard therapy. In this review, we highlight the current data on these potential drugs and the role they could play in atherothrombotic disease. FAU - Norgard, Nicholas B
Carotid artery stenting outcomes: do they correlate with antiplatelet response assays?$$$ OBJECTIVE: Limited data exist regarding the use of antiplatelet response assays during neuroendovascular intervention. We report outcomes after carotid artery stenting (CAS) based on aspirin and P2Y12 assays. METHODS: We retrospectively identified patients who had aspirin and P2Y12 assays at the time of stenting. Aspirin (325 mg) and clopidogrel (75 mg) were started 7-10 days pre-intervention. If not possible, aspirin (650 mg) and clopidogrel (600 mg) loading doses were given pre-intervention. Assays were checked on postoperative day 0/1. Outcomes included neurological ischemic sequela at 30 days, 1 and 2 years, as well as 30 day death/hemorrhage/myocardial infarction. RESULTS: 449 patients were included. Mean P2Y12 reaction unit (PRU) values were higher in patients with an ipsilateral ischemic event (stroke/transient ischemic attack (TIA)) or stroke (alone) at 1 and 2 years than in patients with no events: ischemic event versus no event at 1 year, 252 vs 202 (p=0.008); stroke versus no stroke at 1 year, 252 versus 203(p=0.029); ischemic event versus no event at 2 years, 244 vs 203 (p=0.047); stroke versus no stroke at 2 years, 243 versus 203 (p=0.082). Ischemic event free survival (stroke/TIA, p=0.0268) and overall survival (p=0.0291) post-CAS were longer in patients with PRU ≤198 compared with an initial threshold of PRU ≤237. Mean PRU values were higher in patients who died from all causes at 30 days than in survivors (p=0.031). No correlation was found between lower PRU values and hemorrhage. Aspirin reaction units did not correlate with outcome. CONCLUSIONS: PRU ≤198 may be associated with a lower incidence of ischemic neurological sequela and death post-CAS. Prospective studies are needed to validate the relationship between antiplatelet assays and outcomes post-CAS. FAU - Sorkin, Grant C
Sepsis favors high-on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity.$$$ High-on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR) is associated with ischemic events in patients on antiplatelet therapy with a history of cardiovascular disease. On the other hand, recent data have associated sepsis with adverse cardiovascular events in patients admitted with bacteremia or respiratory infection. We aimed to assess P2Y(12)-mediated platelet reactivity (PR) during sepsis and recovery in patients under clopidogrel. This was a prospective observational study. Incoming patients presenting with signs/symptoms of sepsis already on a maintenance dose of clopidogrel of 75 mg qd for cardiovascular events were included in this study. Patients were assessed for their PR on presentation and following septic syndrome, using the VerifyNow point-of-care P2Y(12) assay. Patients were excluded in the presence of evidence of noncompliance to antiplatelet regimen or in need of discontinuation during this study. Twenty-two septic patients on clopidogrel were included in this study (Supplemental Figure S1). Clopidogrel was administered for previous stroke, coronary, and peripheral artery disease in 27.3, 40.9, and 31.8% of patients, respectively. The main site of infection was respiratory tract followed by urinary tract, while the same amounts of gram-negative and -positive pathogens were isolated. HPR was noted in 77% and 29% of patients during sepsis and recovery, respectively, presenting a significant decrease in P2Y(12) reaction units values during follow-up [240.7 ± 58.3 versus 179.5 ± 58.4, 95% CI (-102.7, -39.76), p = 0.0002]. Five patients died of infection, while no adverse cardiovascular events were noted in our study. Our study shows that sepsis may favor HPR, which is reversed when recovery occurs. This finding may underlie the adverse cardiovascular events in patients admitted with sepsis, possibly requiring alteration of antiplatelet regimen during the inflammation period. FAU - Akinosoglou, Karolina
[Genetic and non-genetic factors of laboratory resistance to clopidogrel in patients with ischemic stroke].$$$ To identify clinical and pharmacogenetic predictors of the efficacy of clopidogrel in patients with AI based on CYP2C19 and ABCB1 genotyping. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Clinical and laboratory examinations were performed in 121 patients with AI, and CYP2C19 polymorphisms (CYP2C19*2 (G681A, rs4244285), CYP2C19*3 (G363A, rs4986893), CYP2C19*17 (C806T, rs12248560), ABCB1 (C3435T, rs1045642), associated with a disturbance of antiplatelet action of clopidogrel. The carriage of polymorphic markers of the studied genes was determined by the method of polymerase chain reaction in real time. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: In the group with laboratory resistance to clopidogrel, women prevailed (p<0.0001), atherothrombotic subtype was 80% (p=0.0384), the frequency of obesity ischemic stroke was 60% (p<0.0001). Univariate analysis of variance of CYP2C19 polymorphisms CYP2C19 (CYP2C19*2 (G681A, rs4244285), CYP2C19*3 (G363A, rs4986893), CYP2C19*17 (C806T, rs12248560), ABCB1 (C3435T, rs1045642) in patients with ischemic stroke, demonstrated a significant effect of CYP2C19 genotypes on the indicators of residual reactivity of platelets. FAU - Sychev, D A
CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction patients-Rationale and design of the Patient Outcome after primary PCI (POPular) Genetics study.$$$ RATIONALE: In patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) who undergo primary percutaneous coronary intervention (pPCI), the use of dual antiplatelet therapy is essential to prevent atherothrombotic complications. Therefore, patients are treated with acetylsalicylic acid and clopidogrel, prasugrel, or ticagrelor. Clopidogrel, however, shows a major interindividual variation in antiplatelet effect, which is correlated to an increase in atherothrombotic events in patients with high platelet reactivity. This interindividual variation is partly a result of CYP2C19 genetic variants. Ticagrelor and prasugrel reduce atherothrombotic events but increase bleeding rate and drug costs, as compared with clopidogrel. CYP2C19-based tailoring of antiplatelet therapy might be beneficial to STEMI patients. STUDY DESIGN: POPular Genetics (NCT01761786) is a randomized, open-label, multicenter trial involving 2,700 STEMI patients who undergo pPCI. Patients are randomized to CYP2C19 genotyping or routine ticagrelor or prasugrel treatment. In the genotyping group, *1/*1 (wild-type) patients receive clopidogrel, and patients carrying 1 or 2 *2 or *3 loss-of-function alleles receive ticagrelor or prasugrel. The primary net clinical benefit end point is the composite of death, (recurrent) myocardial infarction, definite stent thrombosis, stroke, and Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes (PLATO) major bleeding at 1 year. Primary safety end point is the composite of (PLATO) major and minor bleeding. Cost-effectiveness and quality of life will be assessed by calculating quality-adjusted life-years, net costs per life-year, and per quality-adjusted life-year gained. CONCLUSION: The POPular Genetics study is the first large-scale trial comparing CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy to a nontailored strategy in terms of net clinical benefit, safety, and cost-effectiveness.
Antiplatelet effect of ticagrelor with aspirin in acute minor stroke and transient ischemic attack stratified by CYP2C19 metabolizer status: subgroup analysis of the PRINCE trial.$$$ Studies on antiplatelet effect of ticagrelor/aspirin and clopidogrel/aspirin in patients with acute minor stroke and transient ischemic attack (TIA) stratified by CYP2C19 metabolizer status is limited. We gained data from the Platelet Reactivity In Non-disabling Cerebrovascular Events study. Platelet reactivity was tested at baseline, 2 hours, 24 hours, 7 days and 90 days after initial dose, including high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HOPR), which was defined as P2Y12 reaction unit >208, and percentage inhibition of platelet aggregation (IPA). A total of 365 patients were included. There were 199 (54.5%) individuals classified as carriers of CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles. For carriers and non-carriers, the proportions of HOPR were significantly lower in those with ticagrelor/aspirin compared with those with clopidogrel/aspirin at 2 hours, 24 hours, 7 days, respectively (all p<0.05). IPA was higher at all time points except at baseline in patients with ticagrelor/aspirin compared with those with clopidogrel/aspirin in both carriers and non-carriers of CYP2C19 lose-of-function alleles (all p<0.05). Our findings showed that ticagrelor/aspirin therapy possessed greater platelet inhibition and more rapid onset in platelet inhibition compared with clopidogrel/aspirin therapy both in carriers and non-carriers of CYP2C19 lose-of-function alleles with acute minor stroke or TIA. FAU - Zhou, Mengyuan
Cost-effectiveness of cytochrome P450 2C19 genotype screening for selection of antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel or prasugrel.$$$ STUDY OBJECTIVE: To estimate the cost-effectiveness of genotype-guided selection of antiplatelet therapy compared with selecting clopidogrel or prasugrel irrespective of genotype. DESIGN: Decision model based on event occurrence in the Trial to Assess Improvement in Therapeutic Outcomes by Optimizing Platelet Inhibition with Prasugrel-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TRITON-TIMI) 38. PATIENTS: Simulated cohort of patients with acute coronary syndrome scheduled to undergo percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), consisting of three arms: those receiving genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel or prasugrel, those receiving clopidogrel regardless of genotype, and those receiving prasugrel regardless of genotype. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: All three arms of the model incorporated the probability that patients would experience a cardiovascular event (death from cardiovascular causes, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or nonfatal stroke), a bleeding event (major or minor bleeding), or no event while receiving antiplatelet therapy during the 15 months after the scheduled PCI. The cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19 genotype determined antiplatelet drug selection in the genotyping group. Cost-effectiveness was expressed as the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) for each event avoided in the genotype-guided therapy arm versus the other two arms. Genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy was dominant, or more effective and less costly, when compared with the selection of clopidogrel (ICER -$6760 [95% confidence interval (CI) -$6720 to -$6790]) or prasugrel (ICER -$11,710 [95% CI -$11,480 to -$11,950]) for all patients without regard to genotype. Genotype-guided therapy that included generic clopidogrel was dominant to prasugrel for all patients (ICER -$27,160 [95% CI -$27,890 to -$26,420]). Cost savings were not evident when genotype-guided therapy that included generic clopidogrel was compared with generic clopidogrel for all patients (ICER $2300 [95% CI $2290 to $2320]). [Correction added after online publication 12-Mar-2012: In the previous sentence -$2300 has been corrected as $2300.]. CONCLUSION: Genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy selection may be more cost-effective and may provide more clinical value due to fewer adverse outcomes.
Clinical significance of high on-treatment platelet reactivity in patients with prolonged clopidogrel therapy.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: Prolonged dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin and clopidogrel beyond 1 year has been shown to reduce ischemic events at the expense of increased bleeding. However, limited data are available on the clinical significance of platelet reactivity (PR) at 1 year. METHODS: We retrospectively identified 331 patients who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) and assessed the on-clopidogrel PR using VerifyNow P2Y12 assay at 1 year in a single center. Two hundred eleven patients were on DAPT for > 1 year. The relationship between high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR) at 1 year and clinical outcomes beyond 1 year, as well as the longitudinal change in PR was analyzed. RESULTS: At 1 year, 135 (64%) patients showed HPR and 76 (36%) did not. There was a significant increase in ischemic endpoint events, including cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, and stroke/transient ischemic attack in patients with compared to without HPR at 1 year (hazard ratio [HR], 2.68; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.06 to 6.77; p = 0.036). However, the incidence of any Bleeding Academic Research Consortium bleeding was significantly lower in the HPR group (HR, 0.11; 95% CI, 0.02 to 0.65; p = 0.015). In the longitudinal analysis, PR significantly decreased from post-load to 1 year after index PCI in the non-HPR group. Conversely, the HPR group showed high PR from baseline through 1 year. CONCLUSION: HPR at 1 year may be a useful surrogate for predicting ischemic and bleeding events in patients on prolonged DAPT. Patients with and without HPR at 1 year showed different patterns of longitudinal change in PR. FAU - Kim, Sehun
Effectiveness and Safety of Platelet ADP -P2Y12 Receptor Inhibitors Influenced by Smoking Status: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.$$$ Background As reports on the influence of cigarette smoking, an important cardiovascular risk factor, on platelet ADP -P2Y12 receptor inhibitors lack consistency, we aimed to assess the effectiveness and safety of platelet ADP -P2Y12 receptor inhibitors influenced by smoking status. Methods and Results PubMed, Web of Science, EMBASE , Clinical Trials, and the Cochrane Library were searched from inception until June 2018. Among the 5076 citations retrieved, 22 studies, including 163 011 patients with or without percutaneous coronary intervention, were included for meta-analysis. Compared with nonsmokers within the first year of follow-up, the reductions of stroke and major adverse cardiovascular event rate were 18% ( P=0.008) and 26% ( P=0.02), respectively. A 20% reduction in stroke ( P=0.02) and a 34% reduction in major adverse cardiovascular event ( P=0.0001) rates were observed in smoking patients without percutaneous coronary intervention. No significant difference was observed in clinical outcome rates among prasugrel, ticagrelor, and clopidogrel in different smoking status. No significant difference was found in myocardial infarction and bleeding event incidence between current smokers and nonsmokers. Conclusions We concluded that current smokers had a lower incidence of major adverse cardiovascular events and stroke events than did nonsmokers, particularly in the early period (1 year) and among patients without percutaneous coronary intervention. However, because of the lack of original adjusted data, smoker's paradox still needs to consider the impact of age and other covariates. Thus, a differential risk-benefit evaluation should be considered, according to different smoking status, patient conditions, and therapy time points. FAU - Liu, Zhiyan
Platelet ADP-receptor antagonists for cardiovascular disease: past, present and future.$$$ Aspirin is the foundation antiplatelet therapy for patients at risk of cardiovascular events. The thienopyridine, clopidogrel, is modestly more effective than aspirin and in patients with stroke seems to be as effective as the combination of aspirin and dipyridamole. The addition of clopidogrel to aspirin further reduces the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with acute coronary syndromes and those who undergo percutaneous coronary intervention, but uncertainty remains about whether this combination has incremental efficacy over clopidogrel monotherapy in patients with stroke or peripheral arterial disease. Clopidogrel has pharmacological limitations that have prompted the search for more effective ADP-receptor antagonists. Promising results have been achieved with the thienopyridine, prasugrel, which has been compared with clopidogrel in patients treated with aspirin. The nonthienopyridine P2Y(12) inhibitors AZD6140 and cangrelor are presently being evaluated in phase III, randomized, controlled trials. FAU - Raju, Nina C
Effect of P2Y12 Inhibitors on Survival Free of Organ Support Among Non-Critically Ill Hospitalized Patients With COVID-19: A Randomized Clinical Trial.$$$ IMPORTANCE: Platelets represent a potential therapeutic target for improved clinical outcomes in patients with COVID-19. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the benefits and risks of adding a P2Y12 inhibitor to anticoagulant therapy among non-critically ill patients hospitalized for COVID-19. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: An open-label, bayesian, adaptive randomized clinical trial including 562 non-critically ill patients hospitalized for COVID-19 was conducted between February 2021 and June 2021 at 60 hospitals in Brazil, Italy, Spain, and the US. The date of final 90-day follow-up was September 15, 2021. INTERVENTIONS: Patients were randomized to a therapeutic dose of heparin plus a P2Y12 inhibitor (n = 293) or a therapeutic dose of heparin only (usual care) (n = 269) in a 1:1 ratio for 14 days or until hospital discharge, whichever was sooner. Ticagrelor was the preferred P2Y12 inhibitor. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The composite primary outcome was organ support-free days evaluated on an ordinal scale that combined in-hospital death (assigned a value of -1) and, for those who survived to hospital discharge, the number of days free of respiratory or cardiovascular organ support up to day 21 of the index hospitalization (range, -1 to 21 days; higher scores indicate less organ support and better outcomes). The primary safety outcome was major bleeding by 28 days as defined by the International Society on Thrombosis and Hemostasis. RESULTS: Enrollment of non-critically ill patients was discontinued when the prespecified criterion for futility was met. All 562 patients who were randomized (mean age, 52.7 [SD, 13.5] years; 41.5% women) completed the trial and 87% received a therapeutic dose of heparin by the end of study day 1. In the P2Y12 inhibitor group, ticagrelor was used in 63% of patients and clopidogrel in 37%. The median number of organ support-free days was 21 days (IQR, 20-21 days) among patients in the P2Y12 inhibitor group and was 21 days (IQR, 21-21 days) in the usual care group (adjusted odds ratio, 0.83 [95% credible interval, 0.55-1.25]; posterior probability of futility [defined as an odds ratio <1.2], 96%). Major bleeding occurred in 6 patients (2.0%) in the P2Y12 inhibitor group and in 2 patients (0.7%) in the usual care group (adjusted odds ratio, 3.31 [95% CI, 0.64-17.2]; P = .15). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Among non-critically ill patients hospitalized for COVID-19, the use of a P2Y12 inhibitor in addition to a therapeutic dose of heparin, compared with a therapeutic dose of heparin only, did not result in an increased odds of improvement in organ support-free days within 21 days during hospitalization. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04505774. FAU - Berger, Jeffrey S
CYP2C19*17 May Increase the Risk of Death Among Patients with an Acute Coronary Syndrome and Non-Valvular Atrial Fibrillation Who Receive Clopidogrel and Rivaroxaban.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The aim of this study is to assess the influence of gene CYP2C19, CYP3A4, CYP3A5 and ABCB1 polymorphisms on clopidogrel antiplatelet activity, rivaroxaban concentration equilibrium, and clinical outcomes among patients with acute coronary syndrome and non-valvular atrial fibrillation. METHODS: In the multicenter prospective registry study of the efficacy and safety of a combined antithrombotic therapy 103 patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation both undergoing or not a percutaneous coronary intervention were enrolled. The trial assessed the primary outcomes (major bleeding, in-hospital death, cardiovascular death, stroke\transient ischaemic attack, death/renal insufficiency) and secondary outcomes (platelet reactivity units (PRU), rivaroxaban concentration). RESULTS: For none of the clinical outcomes when combined with other covariates, the carriership of polymorphisms CYP3A5*3 rs776746, CYP2C19*2 rs4244285;*17 rs12248560, ABCB1 3435 C>T, ABCB1 rs4148738 was significant. None of the markers under study (CYP3A5*3 rs776746, CYP2C19*2 rs4244285, *17 rs12248560, ABCB1 3435 C>T, ABCB1 rs4148738) has proven to affect rivaroxaban equilibrium concentration in blood plasma among patients with atrial fibrillation and acute coronary syndrome. CONCLUSION: In situations of double or triple antithrombotic rivaroxaban and clopidogrel therapy among patients with atrial fibrillation and acute coronary syndrome, the genetic factors associated with bleeding complications risk (CYP2C19*17) may prove to be clinically relevant.
In patients with stroke or TIA and CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles, ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel reduced 90-d stroke.$$$ Wang Y, Meng X, Wang A, et al. Ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in CYP2C19 loss-of-function carriers with stroke or TIA. N Engl J Med. 2021;385:2520-30. 34708996. FAU - Joundi, Raed A
The correlation between recurrent risk and CYP2C19 gene polymorphisms in patients with ischemic stroke treated with clopidogrel for prevention.$$$ BACKGROUND: To explore the correlation between recurrent risk and CYP2C19 gene polymorphisms in patients with ischemic stroke (IS) treated with clopidogrel for prevention. METHODS: A total of 289 patients with IS treated with clopidogrel regularly were enrolled in this study, and stroke recurrence of all patients were recorded by follow-up. The correlation between CYP2C19 gene polymorphism and stroke recurrence in patients taking clopidogrel regularly was analyzed. RESULTS: After a mean follow-up period of 6 months, there were 289 patients who took clopidogrel regularly, and 41 of which occurred recurrent stroke. Patients of poor metabolizer and intermediate metabolizer had higher risk of recurrent stroke comparing with patients of extensive metabolize, and the odds ratios were 2.88 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.31-6.33, P = .068) and 3.00 (95% CI 1.09-8.22, P = .027), respectively. The recurrence risk of *2 (G681A)A allele carriers was 3.30 times that of G allele carriers (P = .0065). The recurrence rate of stroke in patients carrying heterozygous and homozygous *2 allele mutant was 1.96 times (P = .071) and 3.30 times (P = .012) that of patients with wild-type genes. Multifactor logistic regression analysis result indicated carrying loss of function (LOF) allele was an independent risk factor of stroke recurrence. CONCLUSION: For patients with IS treated with clopidogrel regularly for secondary prevention, poor metabolizer, and intermediate metabolizer patients had higher risk of recurrent stroke comparing with extensive metabolize ones. Carrying CYP2C19 LOF allele is an independent risk factor of stroke recurrence in patients with IS. FAU - Liu, Guohua
Reduced-function CYP2C19 genotype and risk of adverse clinical outcomes among patients treated with clopidogrel predominantly for PCI: a meta-analysis.$$$ CONTENT: Clopidogrel, one of the most commonly prescribed medications, is a prodrug requiring CYP450 biotransformation. Data suggest its pharmacologic effect varies based on CYP2C19 genotype, but there is uncertainty regarding the clinical risk imparted by specific genotypes. OBJECTIVE: To define the risk of major adverse cardiovascular outcomes among carriers of 1 (≈ 26% prevalence in whites) and carriers of 2 (≈ 2% prevalence in whites) reduced-function CYP2C19 genetic variants in patients treated with clopidogrel. DATA SOURCES AND STUDY SELECTION: A literature search was conducted (January 2000-August 2010) in MEDLINE, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, and EMBASE. Genetic studies were included in which clopidogrel was initiated in predominantly invasively managed patients in a manner consistent with the current guideline recommendations and in which clinical outcomes were ascertained. DATA EXTRACTION: Investigators from 9 studies evaluating CYP2C19 genotype and clinical outcomes in patients treated with clopidogrel contributed the relevant hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for specific cardiovascular outcomes by genotype. RESULTS: Among 9685 patients (91.3% who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention and 54.5% who had an acute coronary syndrome), 863 experienced the composite end point of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke; and 84 patients had stent thrombosis among the 5894 evaluated for such. Overall, 71.5% were noncarriers, 26.3% had 1 reduced-function CYP2C19 allele, and 2.2% had 2 reduced-function CYP2C19 alleles. A significantly increased risk of the composite end point was evident in both carriers of 1 (HR, 1.55; 95% CI, 1.11-2.17; P = .01) and 2 (HR, 1.76; 95% CI, 1.24-2.50; P = .002) reduced-function CYP2C19 alleles, as compared with noncarriers. Similarly, there was a significantly increased risk of stent thrombosis in both carriers of 1 (HR, 2.67; 95% CI, 1.69-4.22; P < .0001) and 2 (HR, 3.97; 95% CI, 1.75-9.02; P = .001) CYP2C19 reduced-function alleles, as compared with noncarriers. CONCLUSION: Among patients treated with clopidogrel for percutaneous coronary intervention, carriage of even 1 reduced-function CYP2C19 allele appears to be associated with a significantly increased risk of major adverse cardiovascular events, particularly stent thrombosis. FAU - Mega, Jessica L
High On-Treatment Platelet Reactivity as Predictor of Long-term Clinical Outcomes in Stroke Patients with Antiplatelet Agents.$$$ The purpose was to explore the value of high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) in predicting long-term clinical outcomes for stroke patients. The platelet reactivity was assayed after being treated with either 75 mg clopidogrel or 100 mg aspirin daily with VerifyNow System in stroke patients. HTPR for clopidogrel was defined as PRU ≥ 208, and that for aspirin was defined as ARU ≥ 550. CYP2C19 genotyping was performed using the Sequenom MassARRAY iPLEX platform. The primary endpoint was a composite of recurrent ischemic stroke, transient ischemic attack, myocardial infarction, or ischemic vascular death. The safety endpoint was bleeding. In the clopidogrel group, among 345 patients recruited, 174 of them were categorized as HTPR. A total of 270 patients were followed up for 54 months. There was a significant association between HTPR and the primary endpoint (HR(adj) 2.13 [95% CI, 1.43-3.15], p < 0.001). Among the 314 participants genotyped for CYP2C19, 187 (59.6%) were classified as CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele carriers. Patients with at least 1 loss-of-function allele were more likely to present with HTPR (OR(adj) 2.61 [95%CI, 1.43-4.77], p = 0.008), and had a higher risk of the primary endpoint (HR(adj) 2.05 [95% CI, 1.30, 3.25], p = 0.002). In the aspirin group, among 140 patients recruited, 28 of them were categorized as HTPR. A total of 121 patients were followed up for 30 months. Similarly, there was a significant association between HTPR and the primary endpoint (HR(adj) 3.28 [95% CI, 1.52-7.71], p = 0.002). HTPR is an independent risk factor for ischemic events during long-term follow-up in stroke patients. Platelet function testing is helpful to evaluate the effect of antiplatelet therapy for stroke patients.
Current antiplatelet agents: place in therapy and role of genetic testing.$$$ Antiplatelet therapies play a central role in reducing the risk of cardiovascular events such as myocardial infarction and stroke. While aspirin, a cyclo-oxygenase-1 inhibitor has been the cornerstone of antithrombotic treatment for several decades, P2Y12 receptor inhibitors cangrelor, clopidogrel, prasugrel, and ticagrelor and protease-activated receptor-1 antagonist vorapaxar, have emerged as additional therapies to reduce the risk of recurrent cardiovascular events in high-risk patients. Recent clinical trials evaluating the role of these agents and major society guideline updates for use of antiplatelet therapies for secondary prevention of cardiovascular events will be examined. The latest studies regarding the appropriate duration of dual antiplatelet therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention will be presented. The current state of genetic and platelet function testing will be reviewed. FAU - Yang, Eugene
The contribution of genotype-guided selection of P2Y(12) inhibitor on prognosis in ACS /CCS patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a retrospective cohort study.$$$ PURPOSE: We aimed to explore the contribution of genotype-guided selection of P2Y(12) inhibitors on prognosis in Chinese patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) or chronic coronary syndromes (CCS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS: Totally, 2063 patients were included. They were divided into empiric treatment group (n = 1025) and individualized treatment group (n = 1038) depending on whether taken CYP2C19 genetic testing. The incidences of clinical endpoint events were compared in two groups at 1-year follow-up. The effective endpoint events were major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs), including all-cause mortality, in-stent restenosis, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke and severe recurrent ischemia. Meanwhile, the safe endpoint was bleeding events defined by the Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) criteria. RESULTS: Finally, 66.83% patients were diagnosed with ACS and 33.17% patients were diagnosed with CCS in empiric group. 68.11% patients were diagnosed with ACS and 31.89% patients were diagnosed with CCS in individualized group. At 1-year follow-up, individualized group showed lower MACEs rate than empiric group (19.61% vs. 10.69%, HR: 1.915; 95% CI: 1.534 to 2.392; P < 0.0001, log-rank test; adjusted HR: 1.983; 95% CI: 1.573 to 2.501; P = 0.000, cox proportional hazards regression models), while bleeding events were significantly less common in empiric group than in individualized group (7.32% vs. 10.40%, HR: 0.693; 95% CI: 0.519 to 0.926; P = 0.0132, log-rank test; adjusted HR: 0.695; 95% CI: 0.518 to 0.933; P = 0.016, cox proportional hazards regression models). It was mainly manifested in BARC class 1 bleeding, which did not warrant the interruption of antiplatelet therapy (ITA). Further, subgroup analyses illustrated that no significant difference existed in cumulative MACEs-free survival rate between all treatment arms of individualized group (P = 0.6579 by log-rank test), and CYP2C19 intermediate metabolizer (IM) genetype appeared to be significantly associated with bleeding events for patients treated with ticagrelor (clopidogrel vs. ticagrelor: 6.80% vs. 14.88%; adjusted HR:0.440; 95% CI: 0.246 to 0.787; adjusted P = 0.006). CONCLUSIONS: Genotype-guided selection of P2Y(12) inhibitor made a very positive contribution on the prognosis in Chinese ACS/CCS patients undergoing PCI. Instead of intensifying antiplatelet strategies, conventional-dose clopidogrel could be recommended as P2Y(12) inhibitor after weighing MACEs and bleeding events in CYP2C19 IM patients.
Effect of CYP2C19 and ABCB1 single nucleotide polymorphisms on outcomes of treatment with ticagrelor versus clopidogrel for acute coronary syndromes: a genetic substudy of the PLATO trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: In the PLATO trial of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel for treatment of acute coronary syndromes, ticagrelor reduced the composite outcome of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, and stroke, but increased events of major bleeding related to non-coronary artery bypass graft (CABG). CYP2C19 and ABCB1 genotypes are known to influence the effects of clopidogrel. In this substudy, we investigated the effects of these genotypes on outcomes between and within treatment groups. METHODS: DNA samples obtained from patients in the PLATO trial were genotyped for CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles (*2, *3, *4, *5, *6, *7, and *8), the CYP2C19 gain-of-function allele *17, and the ABCB1 single nucleotide polymorphism 3435C→T. For the CYP2C19 genotype, patients were stratified by the presence or absence of any loss-of-function allele, and for the ABCB1 genotype, patients were stratified by predicted gene expression (high, intermediate, or low). The primary efficacy endpoint was the composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke after up to 12 months' treatment with ticagrelor or clopidogrel. FINDINGS: 10 285 patients provided samples for genetic analysis. The primary outcome occurred less often with ticagrelor versus clopidogrel, irrespective of CYP2C19 genotype: 8·6% versus 11·2% (hazard ratio 0·77, 95% CI 0·60-0·99, p=0·0380) in patients with any loss-of-function allele; and 8·8% versus 10·0% (0·86, 0·74-1·01, p=0·0608) in those without any loss-of-function allele (interaction p=0·46). For the ABCB1 genotype, event rates for the primary outcome were also consistently lower in the ticagrelor than in the clopidogrel group for all genotype groups (interaction p=0·39; 8·8%vs 11·9%; 0·71, 0·55-0·92 for the high-expression genotype). In the clopidogrel group, the event rate at 30 days was higher in patients with than in those without any loss-of-function CYP2C19 alleles (5·7%vs 3·8%, p=0·028), leading to earlier separation of event rates between treatment groups in patients with loss-of-function alleles. Patients on clopidogrel who had any gain-of-function CYP2C19 allele had a higher frequency of major bleeding (11·9%) than did those without any gain-of-function or loss-of-function alleles (9·5%; p=0·022), but interaction between treatment and genotype groups was not significant for any type of major bleeding. INTERPRETATION: Ticagrelor is a more efficacious treatment for acute coronary syndromes than is clopidogrel, irrespective of CYP2C19 and ABCB1 polymorphisms. Use of ticagrelor instead of clopidogrel eliminates the need for presently recommended genetic testing before dual antiplatelet treatment. FUNDING: AstraZeneca.
Protective effect of the CYP2C19 *17 polymorphism with increased activation of clopidogrel on cardiovascular events.$$$ BACKGROUND: The prodrug clopidogrel requires activation by cytochrome P-450 (CYP) enzymes for its antiplatelet effect. The genes encoding enzymes for clopidogrel activation are polymorphic, leading to reduced or increased function, depending on the respective genotype. Reduced-function alleles have been associated with an increase in cardiovascular events. METHODS: We tested the association of the presence of the ABCB1 (C/T) T-allele, CYP2C19*2 (G/A) A-allele, or CYP2C19*17 (C/T) T-allele with the primary end point of the need of clinically-driven target lesion revascularization (TLR) and the secondary end points of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE; including death, myocardial infarction [MI], and TLR) at 1 year in a high-risk population of 928 patients with acute MI. RESULTS: Carriers of the CYP2C19*17 T-allele, with increased clopidogrel activation, had a 37% relative reduction in the TLR incidence, the primary end point (14.0% vs 22.3%, P = .002), and a 22% relative reduction of the secondary end point MACE (22.0% vs 28.1%, P = .04) compared with noncarriers, respectively. The association of the T-allele with TLR remained significant in the multivariate analysis (P = .001). The ABCB1 (C/T) and the CYP2C19*2 (G/A) polymorphisms were not associated with the incidence of TLR or MACE. CONCLUSIONS: Based on the genetic analysis in a high-risk population of acute MI patients with interventional treatment and continuous clopidogrel therapy, our study found a protective effect for carriers of an increased-function CYP2C19*17 T-allele with significantly lower rates of TLR and MACE. T-allele carriers with acute MI and increased clopidogrel activation had significantly reduced clinical event rates.
Bedside testing of CYP2C19 vs. conventional clopidogrel treatment to guide antiplatelet therapy in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction patients.$$$ BACKGROUND: ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) patients are treated with dual antiplatelet therapy comprising aspirin and a P2Y(12) inhibitor. Clopidogrel is widely used in these patients in several areas worldwide, such as Middle East, but is associated to sub-optimal platelet inhibition in up to 1/3 of treated patients. We investigated a CYP2C19 genotype-guided strategy to select the optimal P2Y(12) inhibitor. METHODS: This prospective randomized clinical trial included STEMI patients. The standard-treatment group received clopidogrel, while the genotype-guided group were genotyped for CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles and carriers were prescribed ticagrelor and noncarriers were prescribed clopidogrel. Primary outcome was a combined ischemic and bleeding outcome, comprising myocardial infarction, non-fatal stroke, cardiovascular death, or Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes major bleeding one year after STEMI. RESULTS: STEMI patients (755) were randomized into a genotype-guided- (383) and standard-treatment group (372). In the genotype-guided group, 31 patients carrying a loss-of-function allele were treated with ticagrelor, while all other patients in both groups were treated with clopidogrel. Patients in the genotype-guided group had a significantly lower risk of primary outcome (odds ratio (OR) 0.34, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.20-0.59,), recurrent myocardial infarction (OR 0.25, 95%CI 0.11-0.53), cardiovascular death (OR 0.16, 95%CI0.06-0.42) and major bleeding (OR 0.49, 95%CI 0.32-0.74). There was no significant difference in the rate of stent thrombosis (OR 0.85, 95%CI 0.43-1.71). CONCLUSION: A genotype-guided escalation of P2Y12 inhibitor strategy is feasible in STEMI patients treated with clopidogrel and undergoing PCI and is associated with a reduction of primary outcomes compared to conventional antiplatelet therapy.
Association of clopidogrel high on-treatment reactivity with clinical outcomes and gene polymorphism in acute ischemic stroke patients: An observational study.$$$ High on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) was suggested to be better correlated with recurrent ischemic events as compared with gene polymorphism, whereas most of the results were from white populations with acute coronary disease. The evidence is relatively limited regarding HTPR and its genetic determinants in predicting clinical outcomes of stroke among Chinese-Han patients.A prospective study including 131 Chinese-Han stroke patients treated with clopidogrel was analyzed. Platelet function was assessed by light transmission aggregometry (LTA)- adenosine diphosphate (ADP) method. HTPR was defined as 5 μM ADP induced platelet aggregation > 46%. CYP2C19 and P2Y12 genotype were detected using the PCR-RFLP method. The difference in the occurrence of the primary endpoint was analyzed according to platelet function and genetic status.Sixty-three (48.1%) subjects displayed HTPR after administering clopidogrel for 1 week. The prevalence of HTPR was significantly higher in CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles (2, 3) carriers vs wild-type homozygotes (71.7% vs 32.1%, P < .01), and logistic regression analysis showed that carriers of CYP2C19 LOF alleles were an independent risk factor of HTPR. Survival analysis indicated that patients with HTPR had an increased risk of primary endpoints (20.6% vs 7.3%, P = .04), whereas the presence of CYP2C19 LOF alleles or P2Y12 H2 haplotype did not increase the incidence of ischemic events. Cox regression analysis demonstrated that HTPR was an independent predictor of the primary composite endpoint (HR, 3.1; 95% CI, 1.07-8.99; P = .04).We identified a high prevalence of clopidogrel-HTPR in a cohort of Chinese-Han patients with acute ischemic stroke, and patients with HTPR may have an increased risk of recurrent ischemic stroke events. CYP2C19 LOF alleles are associated with HTPR but not with stroke prognosis. Further clinical trials with large samples are needed to confirm these findings. FAU - Fu, Hefei
Clinical Outcomes After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention Over Time on the Basis of CYP2C19 Polymorphisms.$$$ The aim of this study was to investigate the association between CYP2C19 gene polymorphisms and the risk of cardiovascular events in the early stage and subsequent period after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) among patients who received clopidogrel. Between October 2015 and January 2017, CYP2C19 genotyped patients who were treated with clopidogrel after PCI were enrolled in this study. Included patients were categorized as non-loss-of-function metabolizers, intermediate metabolizers, and poor metabolizers based on CYP2C19 genotype. The primary outcome was a composite of any-cause mortality, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal ischemic stroke, and stent thrombosis occurring during exposure to clopidogrel. The rates of clinical outcome events were compared between CYP2C19 phenotypes. Landmark analyses were processed at 90 days and 1 year post-PCI. Of 1341 patients, 161 (12.0%) had 2 copies of loss-of-function (LOF) alleles, 621(46.3%) had one LOF allele, and 559 (41.7%) had no LOF allele. At the 3-month follow-up, the primary outcome events were more frequent in carriers of 2 LOF alleles (5.6%) than in noncarriers (1.8%) [adjusted hazard ratio (HR) 2.944, 95% confidence interval, 1.184-7.321, P = 0.020). A similar finding was observed among in patients with acute coronary syndrome indications at the index PCI (adjusted HR 3.046, 95% confidence interval, 1.237-7.501, P = 0.015). These differences did not persist within the subsequent 9 months of follow-up, among either all comers or subjects with acute coronary syndrome. In conclusion, these data demonstrate a higher risk for ischemic events in patients with 2 CYP2C19 LOF alleles who are prescribed clopidogrel, seen at 3 months after PCI, that is not sustained for 12 months.
Influence of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes in ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel.$$$ CYP2C19 genetic polymorphisms influence clopidogrel response and clinical outcomes of cardiovascular disease. However, data on their relationship in stroke patients are scarce. We aimed to investigate the influence of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes in ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. A total of 211 patients were enrolled. All patients were given clopidogrel treatment and underwent CYP2C19 genotyping and platelet function testing by flow cytometry including adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet aggregation (ADP-PAg) and platelet activation markers (PAC-1, CD62P and CD63). The modified Rankin Scale (mRS) was used and ischemic events were evaluated. A total of 129 (61.1%) of the 211 enrolled patients were carriers of CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles (*2, *3). After clopidogrel therapy for 7 days, the levels of ADP-PAg, PAC-1, CD62P and CD63 were higher in carriers than noncarriers. CYP2C19 carriage was associated with more frequent high residual platelet reactivity. CYP2C19 polymorphisms alone could explain 12.9%, 4.3%, 8.9% and 5.5% of the inter-individual variability of ADP-PAg, PAC-1, CD62P and CD63 after clopidogrel treatment, respectively. At 6-month follow-up, 38 (19%) patients were scored poor prognosis and 15 (7.6%) ischemic events were observed. Carriers had poorer prognosis than noncarriers (P=0.025). No significant association of CYP2C19 carriage with ischemic events was found. Multiple regression analysis showed that CYP2C19 carriage was an independent predictor of poor prognosis (odds ratio, 3.01; 95% confidence interval, 1.23-7.38; P=0.016). In conclusion, carriage of the CYP2C19 LOF allele has significant influence on clopidogrel response and prognosis in patients with ischemic stroke.
Efficacy and Safety of Potent Oral P2Y(12) Inhibitors in Medically Managed ACS Patients: a Meta-analysis.$$$ PURPOSE: Although current guidelines recommend ticagrelor in addition to aspirin as the antiplatelet strategy for medically managed acute coronary syndrome (MMACS) patients, clinical evidence specific to this special population is lacking. Whether potent oral P2Y(12) inhibitors should be used in MMACS patients is still under debate. METHODS: We conducted a comprehensive search in PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Cochrane Library to identify studies exploring the efficacy or safety of ticagrelor and prasugrel versus clopidogrel or placebo in MMACS patients. The primary efficacy endpoint was major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) defined by each study, and the safety endpoint was TIMI non-CABG major bleeding. RESULTS: A total of 6102 records were screened, and 4 studies including 46,346 patients were finally included. The use of potent oral P2Y(12) inhibitors significantly lowers the risk of MACE compared with clopidogrel (HR: 0.90; 95% CI: 0.82-0.98; P = .018; I(2) = 0%). A significant reduction in risks of all-cause death and myocardial infarction was also observed with the use of potent oral P2Y(12) inhibitors compared with clopidogrel. No significant difference in risks of stroke or TIMI non-CABG major bleeding (HR: 1.24; 95% CI: 0.90-1.73; P = .191; I(2) = 0%) was observed between potent oral P2Y(12) inhibitors and clopidogrel. CONCLUSION: Potent oral P2Y(12) inhibitors, especially ticagrelor, decrease the risk of ischemic events in MMACS patients as compared with clopidogrel, without significantly increasing major bleeding. FAU - Ma, Sicong
Pharmacogenomic Approach to Selecting Antiplatelet Therapy in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndromes: The PHARMCLO Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Although clopidogrel is still frequently used in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS), its efficacy is hampered by interpatient response variability caused by genetic polymorphisms associated with clopidogrel's metabolism. OBJECTIVES: The goal of this study was to evaluate whether selecting antiplatelet therapy (clopidogrel, prasugrel, or ticagrelor) on the basis of a patient's genetic and clinical characteristics leads to better clinical outcomes compared with the standard of care, which bases the selection on clinical characteristics alone. METHODS: Patients hospitalized for ACS were randomly assigned to standard of care or the pharmacogenomic arm, which included the genotyping of ABCB1, CYP2C19*2, and CYP2C19*17 using an ST Q3 system that provides data within 70 min at each patient's bedside. The patients were followed up for 12 ± 1 month for the primary composite endpoint of cardiovascular death and the first occurrence of nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, and major bleeding defined according to Bleeding Academic Research Consortium type 3 to 5 criteria. RESULTS: After enrolling 888 patients, the study was prematurely stopped. Clopidogrel was used more frequently in the standard-of-care arm (50.7% vs. 43.3%), ticagrelor in the pharmacogenomic arm (42.6% vs. 32.7%; p = 0.02), and prasugrel was equally used in both arms. The primary endpoint occurred in 71 patients (15.9%) in the pharmacogenomic arm and in 114 (25.9%) in the standard-of-care arm (hazard ratio: 0.58; 95% confidence interval: 0.43 to 0.78; p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: A personalized approach to selecting antiplatelet therapy for patients with ACS may reduce ischemic and bleeding events. (Pharmacogenetics of Clopidogrel in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndromes [PHARMCLO]; NCT03347435).
Influence of smoking on CYP2C19 genetic variants and clopidogrel efficacy in patients with minor stroke or transient ischaemic attack.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Studies suggest that smoking affects clopidogrel efficacy. However, whether it influences the association between CYP2C19 genetic variants and clopidogrel efficacy is not clear. METHODS: In total, 2961 patients from the CHANCE trial were involved in this substudy and were successfully genotyped for two single-nucleotide polymorphisms of CYP2C19 (*2 and *3). The Cox proportional risk regression model was used to evaluate the interactions between CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 carrier status and clopidogrel efficacy stratified by smoking status. RESULTS: There were marginal significant interactions between CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 allele carrier status and antiplatelet treatment regimen for the risk of recurrent stroke and composite events (P = 0.054, P = 0.051, respectively) amongst smokers, but not in non-smokers. Amongst smokers, clopidogrel plus aspirin decreased the recurrence rate of stroke compared with aspirin alone in non-carriers (3.8% vs. 11.8%, hazard ratio 0.32, 95% confidence interval 0.15-0.65, P = 0.002), but not in carriers. Similar results were also found for the recurrence rate of composite events in smokers. No significant difference was found for hemorrhage events in any group. CONCLUSIONS: Amongst patients with minor stroke or transient ischaemic attack, marginal significant interactions between CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 allele carrier status and clopidogrel efficacy were found in smokers but not in non-smokers. Amongst smokers, clopidogrel plus aspirin might decrease the recurrence rate of stroke in non-carriers of *2 and *3 alleles of CYP2C19 compared with aspirin alone. However, caution should be taken to interpret our findings in view of several limitations in our study.
[Effects of clopidogrel resistence and CYP2C19 genotype on the clinical prognosis of patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention].$$$ Objective: To investigate the effects of clopidogrel resistence and CYP2C19 genotype on the clinical prognosis of acute coronary syndrome(ACS) patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention(PCI). Methods: This study was a retrospective cohort study. ACS patients who underwent PCI in Beijing Anzhen Hospital from October 2015 to January 2017 were recruited. The inhibition rate of adenosine diphosphate(ADP) was monitored by thromboelastography. All of these patients were divided into clopidogrel resistance and non-resistance group according to the monitoring results. CYP2C19 genotype was detected by TaqMan probe-based real-time quantitative PCR. Patients were divided into slow, medium and fast metabolic group, according to the CYP2C19 genotype. After 12 months of follow-up, the end points included all-cause death, cardiac death, angina, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, ischemic stroke and hemorrhage were collected. Combined thrombotic events were defined as a composite of angina, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis and ischemic stroke. The differences of the incidence of clinical events between groups were compared. Cox regression was used to analyze the effects of clopidogrel resistance and CYP2C19 genotype on the combined thrombotic events, cardiac death and hemorrhage. Results: A total of 1 696 patients were included, and the age was (59.4±9.6) years, with 1 280(75.5%) males. There were 471 cases(27.8%) in clopidogrel resistance group, and 1 225 cases(72.2%) in clopidogrel non-resistance group. There were 218 patients(12.9%) were in slow metabolic group, 668(39.4%) in medium metabolic group, and 810 (47.8%) in fast metabolic group. The median follow-up time was 13.3 months, and 131 cases were lost to follow-up, with a loss follow-up rate of 7.7%. Compared with the clopidogrel non-resistance group, the clopidogrel resistance group had a higher incidence of myocardial infarction(7.6%(36/471) vs. 5.1%(62/1 225), P=0.041), a lower incidence of hemorrhage (13.2%(62/471) vs. 17.9%(219/1 225), P=0.020) and minor hemorrhage(11.5%(54/471) vs. 15.8% (194/1 225), P=0.022). There were no statistically significant difference in all-cause death, cardiac death, angina, stent thrombosis, ischemic stroke and severe bleeding between clopidogrel resistance and non-resistance group(all P>0.05). There was no statistically significant difference in the incidence of endpoint events among different CYP2C19 genotypes (all P>0.05). Cox regression analysis showed that clopidogrel resistance was an independent factor of combined thrombotic events (OR=2.334, 95%CI 1.215-4.443, P=0.016) and bleeding events (OR=0.481, 95%CI 0.174-0.901, P=0.023). While CYP2C19 genotype was not independent factor for combined thrombotic events, cardiac death and hemorrhage (all P>0.05). Conclusion: For ACS patients after PCI, clopidogrel resistance can increase the risk of combined thrombotic events, but also reduce the risk of bleeding; while CYP2C19 genotype is not an independent factor for clinical prognosis. FAU - He, C B
Genomewide Association Study of Platelet Reactivity and Cardiovascular Response in Patients Treated With Clopidogrel: A Study by the International Clopidogrel Pharmacogenomics Consortium.$$$ Antiplatelet response to clopidogrel shows wide variation, and poor response is correlated with adverse clinical outcomes. CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles play an important role in this response, but account for only a small proportion of variability in response to clopidogrel. An aim of the International Clopidogrel Pharmacogenomics Consortium (ICPC) is to identify other genetic determinants of clopidogrel pharmacodynamics and clinical response. A genomewide association study (GWAS) was performed using DNA from 2,750 European ancestry individuals, using adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet reactivity and major cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events as outcome parameters. GWAS for platelet reactivity revealed a strong signal for CYP2C19*2 (P value = 1.67e-33). After correction for CYP2C19*2 no other single-nucleotide polymorphism reached genomewide significance. GWAS for a combined clinical end point of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke (5.0% event rate), or a combined end point of cardiovascular death or myocardial infarction (4.7% event rate) showed no significant results, although in coronary artery disease, percutaneous coronary intervention, and acute coronary syndrome subgroups, mutations in SCOS5P1, CDC42BPA, and CTRAC1 showed genomewide significance (lowest P values: 1.07e-09, 4.53e-08, and 2.60e-10, respectively). CYP2C19*2 is the strongest genetic determinant of on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity. We identified three novel associations in clinical outcome subgroups, suggestive for each of these outcomes.
Pharmacogenomic polygenic response score predicts ischaemic events and cardiovascular mortality in clopidogrel-treated patients.$$$ AIMS: Clopidogrel is prescribed for the prevention of atherothrombotic events. While investigations have identified genetic determinants of inter-individual variability in on-treatment platelet inhibition (e.g. CYP2C19*2), evidence that these variants have clinical utility to predict major adverse cardiovascular events (CVEs) remains controversial. METHODS AND RESULTS: We assessed the impact of 31 candidate gene polymorphisms on adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-stimulated platelet reactivity in 3391 clopidogrel-treated coronary artery disease patients of the International Clopidogrel Pharmacogenomics Consortium (ICPC). The influence of these polymorphisms on CVEs was tested in 2134 ICPC patients (N = 129 events) in whom clinical event data were available. Several variants were associated with on-treatment ADP-stimulated platelet reactivity (CYP2C19*2, P = 8.8 × 10-54; CES1 G143E, P = 1.3 × 10-16; CYP2C19*17, P = 9.5 × 10-10; CYP2B6 1294 + 53 C > T, P = 3.0 × 10-4; CYP2B6 516 G > T, P = 1.0 × 10-3; CYP2C9*2, P = 1.2 × 10-3; and CYP2C9*3, P = 1.5 × 10-3). While no individual variant was associated with CVEs, generation of a pharmacogenomic polygenic response score (PgxRS) revealed that patients who carried a greater number of alleles that associated with increased on-treatment platelet reactivity were more likely to experience CVEs (β = 0.17, SE 0.06, P = 0.01) and cardiovascular-related death (β = 0.43, SE 0.16, P = 0.007). Patients who carried eight or more risk alleles were significantly more likely to experience CVEs [odds ratio (OR) = 1.78, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.14-2.76, P = 0.01] and cardiovascular death (OR = 4.39, 95% CI 1.35-14.27, P = 0.01) compared to patients who carried six or fewer of these alleles. CONCLUSION: Several polymorphisms impact clopidogrel response and PgxRS is a predictor of cardiovascular outcomes. Additional investigations that identify novel determinants of clopidogrel response and validating polygenic models may facilitate future precision medicine strategies.
The relationship between CYP2C19 polymorphisms and ischaemic and bleeding outcomes in stable outpatients: the CHARISMA genetics study.$$$ AIMS: Clinical trials have established the value of clopidogrel therapy in a wide spectrum of patients with cardiovascular diseases. Both loss- and gain-of-function single nucleotide variants of CYP2C19 genes have been identified that affect clopidogrel metabolism and anti-platelet response. We sought to determine the impact of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on ischaemic and bleeding events. METHODS AND RESULTS: A subset of patients from the Clopidogrel for High Atherothrombotic Risk and Ischemic Stabilization, Management, and Avoidance (CHARISMA) trial who consented to genotyping was analysed. Patients with clinically evident cardiovascular disease or multiple risk factors were enrolled in the trial. The rates of ischaemic and bleeding events were compared between carriers and non-carriers of loss-of-function and gain-of-function alleles in patients randomized to clopidogrel vs. placebo. A total of 4819 patients were genotyped and available for the analysis. Carriers of CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles did not have an increased rate of ischaemic events. However, clopidogrel-treated patients did have a significantly lower rate of any bleeding in carriers: 36.1% (240/665) vs. 42.5% (681/1601) in non-carriers, HR: 0.80, 95% CI: 0.69-0.93, P = 0.003 (genotype/treatment interaction, P-value = 0.023). The CYP2C19 gain-of-function alleles did not affect ischaemic or bleeding endpoints. CONCLUSION: No relationship was seen between CYP2C19 status and ischaemic outcomes in stable patients treated with clopidogrel. There was, however, significantly less bleeding with clopidogrel in carriers of the loss-of-function allele, suggesting less anti-platelet response. Although several prior studies, including mainly stented patients, have emphasized the relationship between CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles and efficacy of clopidogrel, this study of stable patients establishes a potential link with reduced bleeding complications. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00050817. FAU - Bhatt, Deepak L
Comparison of antiplatelet effect and safety of clopidogrel napadisilate with clopidogrel bisulfate in stroke patients: multicenter, randomized, open-label, phase 4, non-inferiority clinical trial.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Clopidogrel napadisilate has better chemical stability than clopidogrel bisulfate. Our trial's objective was to compare the efficacy and safety of clopidogrel napadisilate with clopidogrel bisulfate in participants with ischemic stroke. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The study was a phase 4, 4 week, randomized, parallel-group, non-inferiority trial. Patients with ischemic stroke were randomized to receive either clopidogrel napadisilate 75 mg or clopidogrel bisulfate 75 mg. The primary study endpoint was change from baseline in P2Y12 percentage inhibition at week 4. The primary analysis was conducted in the per-protocol population. Non-inferiority was confirmed if the lower limit of the 95% confidence interval (CI) of the treatment difference was greater than or equal to -9.0% points. RESULTS: Sixty-one participants were randomly assigned clopidogrel napadisilate and 60 were randomly assigned clopidogrel bisulfate. Thirty-nine participants in the clopidogrel napadisilate group and 39 in the clopidogrel bisulfate group were analyzed for the primary endpoint. At 4 weeks, mean P2Y12 percentage inhibition had increased in both treatment groups. The estimated mean change from baseline was 22.3% with clopidogrel napadisilate and 21.4% with clopidogrel bisulfate; the estimated treatment difference of 0.9% (95% CI, -8.6 to 10.4) confirmed the non-inferiority of clopidogrel napadisilate to clopidogrel bisulfate. CONCLUSIONS: Clopidogrel napadisilate was non-inferior to clopidogrel bisulfate as assessed by change in P2Y12 percentage inhibition. Rates of adverse events were similar between the two groups. Therefore, clopidogrel napadisilate is a useful alternative option for the dosing of ischemic stroke patient populations. FAU - Kang, Kyusik
Effects of Triflusal and Clopidogrel on the Secondary Prevention of Stroke Based on Cytochrome P450 2C19 Genotyping.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: To compare the efficacy and safety of antiplatelet agents for the secondary prevention of ischemic stroke based on cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) polymorphisms. METHODS: This study was a prospective, multicenter, randomized, parallel-group, open-label, blind genotype trial. First time non-cardiogenic ischemic stroke patients were enrolled and screened within 30 days. Participants were randomized to receive either triflusal or clopidogrel for secondary stroke prevention. The primary outcome was the time from randomization to first recurrent ischemic stroke or hemorrhagic stroke. RESULTS: The required sample size was 1,080 but only 784 (73%) participants were recruited. In patients with a poor CYP2C19 genotype for clopidogrel metabolism (n=484), the risk of recurrent stroke among those who received triflusal treatment was 2.9% per year, which was not significantly different from those who received clopidogrel treatment (2.2% per year; hazard ratio [HR], 1.23; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.60-2.53). In the clopidogrel treatment group (n=393), 38% had good genotypes and 62% poor genotypes for clopidogrel metabolism. The risk of recurrent stroke in patients with a good CYP2C19 genotype was 1.6% per year, which was not significantly different from those with a poor genotype (2.2% per year; HR, 0.69; 95% CI, 0.26-1.79). CONCLUSIONS: Whilst there were no significant differences between the treatment groups in the rates of stroke recurrence, major vascular events, or coronary revascularization, the efficacy of antiplatelet agents for the secondary prevention of stroke according to CYP2C19 genotype status remains unclear. FAU - Han, Sang Won
High On-Treatment Platelet Reactivity to Adenosine Diphosphate Predicts Ischemic Events of Minor Stroke and Transient Ischemic Attack.$$$ BACKGROUND: This study aimed to evaluate the relationship between thromboelastography adenosine diphosphate maximum amplitude (TEG-ADP(MA)) and recurrent ischemic events in patients with minor ischemic stroke or high-risk transient ischemic attack (TIA). METHODS: A total of 265 patients received dual antiplatelet therapy were consecutively enrolled. High on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) to ADP was assessed by TEG-ADP(MA) and detected the CYP2C19 genotype; recurrent ischemic events were followed up for 90 days after onset. The difference of recurrent ischemic events was analyzed with or without HTPR to ADP by the Kaplan-Meier, and further to determine the difference of recurrent ischemic events in each group according to TEG-ADP(MA)-based tertile distribution. RESULTS: A total of 23 (8.6%) patients had recurrent ischemic events. TEG-ADP(MA) greater than or equal to 48 mm had good predictive value. Whether these patients were divided into 2 groups or 3 groups, the HTPR to ADP group had higher risk of recurrent ischemic events than the normal on-treatment platelet reactivity to ADP group by the Kaplan-Meier (all, P < .05). The tertile distribution map showed that the results of recurrent ischemic events were statistically significant in the third tertile group compared with the other two groups (all, P < .03); also, the third tertile group had a higher rate of carriers of at least 1 CYP2C19 reduced-function allele than the other two groups (P < .05). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with minor ischemic stroke and high-risk TIA, the TEG-ADP(MA) could predict recurrent ischemic events and has auxiliary effect on clinical decision-making.
Personalised antiplatelet therapy based on pharmacogenomics in acute ischaemic minor stroke and transient ischaemic attack: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Antiplatelet therapy combining aspirin and clopidogrel is considered to be a key intervention for acute ischaemic minor stroke (AIMS) and transient ischaemic attack (TIA). However, the interindividual variability in response to clopidogrel resulting from the polymorphisms in clopidogrel metabolism-related genes has greatly limited its efficacy. To date, there are no reports on individualised antiplatelet therapy for AIMS and TIA based on the genetic testing and clinical features. Therefore, we conduct this randomised controlled trial to validate the hypothesis that the individualised antiplatelet therapy selected on the basis of a combination of genetic information and clinical features would lead to better clinical outcomes compared with the standard care based only on clinical features in patients with AIMS or TIA. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This trial will recruit 2382 patients with AIMS or TIA who meet eligibility criteria. Patients are randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to pharmacogenetic group and standard group. Both groups receive a loading dose of 300 mg aspirin and 300 mg clopidogrel on day 1, followed by 100 mg aspirin per day on days 2-365. The P2Y12 receptor antagonist is selected by the clinician according to the genetic information and clinical features for pharmacogenetic group and clinical features for the standard group on days 2-21. The primary efficacy endpoint is a new stroke event (ischaemic or haemorrhagic) that happens within 1 year. The secondary efficacy endpoint is analysed as the individual or composite outcomes of the new clinical vascular event (ischaemic stroke, haemorrhagic stroke, myocardial infarction or vascular death). Baseline characteristics and outcomes after treatment will be evaluated. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This protocol has been approved by the ethics committee of Yangpu Hospital, Tongji University School of Medicine (No. LL-2018-KY-012). We will submit the results of this trial for publication in a peer-reviewed journal. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ChiCTR1800019911; Pre-results.
Association Between ABCB1 Polymorphisms and Outcomes of Clopidogrel Treatment in Patients With Minor Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack: Secondary Analysis of a Randomized Clinical Trial.$$$ IMPORTANCE: Genetic variants of ABCB1 may affect intestinal absorption of clopidogrel bisulfate. However, it is unclear whether ABCB1 polymorphisms are associated with clopidogrel efficacy for minor ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA). OBJECTIVES: To investigate the association between ABCB1 polymorphisms and clopidogrel efficacy for minor stroke or TIA. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: In this prespecified secondary analysis of the Clopidogrel in High-Risk Patients With Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events (CHANCE) randomized clinical trial, 3010 patients with minor stroke or TIA at 73 sites in China with experience in conducting genetic studies were included from October 1, 2009, to July 30, 2012. The analysis was conducted on March 20, 2018. Four single-nucleotide polymorphisms (ABCB1 -154T>C [rs4148727], ABCB1 3435C>T [rs1045642], CYP2C19*2 [681G>A, rs4244285], and CYP2C19*3 [636G>A, rs4986893]) were genotyped among 2836 patients treated with clopidogrel plus aspirin (n = 1414) or aspirin alone (n = 1422). The association of ABCB1 genetic variants (-154 TC/CC and 3435 CT/TT) with clopidogrel efficacy was evaluated in the context of CYP2C19 status, another gene associated with clopidogrel efficacy. INTERVENTIONS: Patients in the CHANCE trial were randomized to treatment with clopidogrel combined with aspirin or to aspirin alone. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Primary efficacy outcome was stroke recurrence after 3 months. The safety outcome was any bleeding risk after 3 months. RESULTS: Among 2836 patients, the median age was 61.8 years (interquartile range, 54.4-71.1 years) and 1887 patients (66.5%) were male. A total of 2146 (75.7%) patients were carriers of ABCB1 -154 TC/CC (570 [20.1%]) or 3435 CT/TT (1851 [65.3%]) genotype. Clopidogrel plus aspirin treatment was associated with reduced risk of new stroke in patients with ABCB1 -154 TT and 3435 CC genotype (hazard ratio [HR], 0.43; 95% CI, 0.26-0.71) but not in those with ABCB1 -154 TC/CC or 3435 CT/TT genotype (HR, 0.78; 95% CI, 0.60-1.03) compared with aspirin (P = .04 for interaction). A combined association of ABCB1 and CYP2C19 polymorphisms with new stroke was observed. The risk of bleeding for clopidogrel plus aspirin treatment was not associated with the ABCB1 genotypes (2.3% and 1.3% vs 1.9% and 2.2%; P = .25 for interaction in patients with or without ABCB1 -154 TC/CC or 3435 CT/TT genotype). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: The ABCB1 polymorphism was associated with the reduced efficacy of clopidogrel plus aspirin treatment compared with aspirin among patients with minor ischemic stroke or TIA. Genetic polymorphism of ABCB1 should be considered when prescribing clopidogrel for these patients. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT00979589. FAU - Pan, Yuesong
Should CYP2C19 Genotyping Be Recommended as a Straight Forward Approach to Optimize Clopidogrel Utilization in Patients with Ischemic Stroke Complicated by Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus?$$$ BACKGROUND: There have been few studies on CYP2C19 genotypes and clopidogrel response associated with ischemic stroke (IS), especially IS complicated by type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This study aimed to investigate the possible association between CYP2C19 polymorphisms and high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) in IS patients with T2DM in China. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 426 consecutive IS patients with T2DM were enrolled in this case-control study and they were divided into HTPR group and non-HTPR group according to the ADP-induced platelet inhibition (PIADP) assessed by thromboelastography (TEG). Genotypes were detected by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) method. Various clinical and demographic data were also recorded. The association between CYP2C19 genetic variants and platelet function was assessed. RESULTS: Carriers of CYP2C19*2 heterozygous and mutant homozygous genotypes showed significantly lower PIADP than non-carriers (27.2% vs 38.3%, p < 0.001; 27.41% vs 38.3%, p = 0.012, respectively). Compared with the control group, the CYP2C19*2 A allele was more frequent in the HTPR group (34.51% vs 25.82%, p = 0.002). The carriage of CYP2C19*2 mutant allele was significantly associated with increased risk of HTPR (odds ratio (OR) = 1.94, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.32-2.85). There was no significant correlation between CYP2C19*3 or *17 genotypes and HTPR risk. CONCLUSION: CYP2C19*2 mutant allele was associated with attenuated platelet response to clopidogrel and increased risk of HTPR in IS patients with T2DM, suggesting that CYP2C19*2 polymorphism might be an important predictor of HTPR in this high-risk population.
Pharmacogenetic and clinical predictors of response to clopidogrel plus aspirin after acute coronary syndrome in Egyptians.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin and clopidogrel reduces the risk for recurrent cardiovascular events after acute coronary syndrome (ACS). However, there is significant variation in response to DAPT that may be influenced by both genetic and nongenetic factors. This study aimed to assess the effect of genetic polymorphisms in PON-1, PEAR-1, P2Y12, CES1, and CYP2C19, along with clinical, demographic, and social factors, on variation in response to DAPT in Egyptians. PARTICIPANTS AND METHODS: This study included 230 Egyptians treated with clopidogrel 75 mg/day and aspirin 81 mg/day for at least 12 months following their first ACS. Simple and multivariable logistic regression analyses were carried out to identify factors associated with major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), defined as the occurrence of recurrent ACS, ischemic stroke, stent-related revascularization, or death, in clopidogrel-treated participants. RESULTS: Using multivariable logistic regression analysis, the CYP2C19*2 polymorphism was the only genetic predictor of MACE [odds ratio (OR): 2.23, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.15-4.33, P=0.01]. In addition, proton pump inhibitor use (OR: 4.77, 95% CI: 1.47-15.54, P=0.009) and diabetes (OR: 1.83, 95% CI: 1.03-3.26, P=0.03) were associated with higher cardiovascular risk, whereas statin use was associated with lower risk (OR: 0.43, 95% CI: 0.25-0.76, P=0.003). The contribution of these four genetic and nongenetic factors explained 19% of the variability in risk for MACE in Egyptians treated with DAPT. CONCLUSION: These results highlight that CYP2C19*2, along with diabetes, and use of proton pump inhibitor and statin are important factors jointly associated with variability in clinical response to DAPT following ACS in Egyptians. FAU - Fathy, Shaimaa
Efficacy and safety of clopidogrel versus prasugrel and ticagrelor for coronary artery disease treatment in patients with CYP2C19 LoF alleles: a systemic review and meta-analysis.$$$ AIM: We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to compare the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor and prasugrel with those of clopidogrel in CYP2C19 reduced-metabolizers. METHODS: PubMed, Cochrane and Web of Science were systematically searched for randomized controlled trials or cohort studies up to January 2020. The primary endpoint was major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), including cardiovascular (CV) death, all-cause death, myocardial infarction (MI), stent thrombosis and stroke. The secondary endpoint was bleeding. Pooled effects were measured by relative risk (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Publication bias was evaluated with Egger's regression test and adjusted by trim and fill method. RESULTS: Twelve studies comprising 5829 CV patients with CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles were included. Patients who received ticagrelor or prasugrel showed a lower risk of MACE than those who received clopidogrel (RR 0.524; 95% CI: 0.375, 0.731). The former also had lower risks of CV death (RR 0.409; 95% CI: 0.177, 0.946), all-cause death (RR 0.441; 95% CI: 0.263, 0.739), MI (RR 0.554; 95% CI: 0.414, 0.741) and stent thrombosis (RR 0.587; 95% CI: 0.348, 0.988) than the latter patient group. The risk of stroke was not significantly different between patients receiving the alternatives and those receiving clopidogrel (RR 0.605; 95% CI: 0.257, 1.425). Major and minor bleeding risk was not significantly different between patients treated with alternatives and clopidogrel (RR 1.019; 95% CI: 0.827, 1.260 and RR 1.235; 95% CI: 0.581, 2.628, respectively). CONCLUSION: CYP2C19 reduced-metabolizers can expect better clinical outcome on using prasugrel or ticagrelor rather than clopidogrel.
The Prognostic Value of Combinations of Genetic Polymorphisms in the ITGB3, ITGA2, and CYP2C19*2 Genes in Predicting Cardiovascular Outcomes After Coronary Bypass Grafting.$$$ AIM: To determine if there are any associations between the single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs): rs2046934, rs1126643, rs5918, rs6065, rs4244285; rs4986893 and the occurrence of cardiovascular events (CVE) in patients following coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) surgery. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study included 130 CABG patients with stable angina grades II-IV. After CABG 69 of the patients were treated with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) alone, and 61 received dual antiplatelet therapy (ASA+clopidogrel). Platelet function was assessed by light transmission aggregometry with adenosinediphosphate and arachidonic acid. The SNPs were identified by real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) with electrophoretic detection. The mean follow-up period was equal to 10.9 ± 5.2 months. The primary end point included the composite of all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction (MI), and ischemic stroke. RESULTS: During the follow-up period 12 CVE were registered: 3 deaths, 6 MI, 3 strokes. Patients with composite mutant alleles of ITGB3+CYP2C19*2 or CYP2C19*2 + ITGA2, and with the mutant allele (*2) of CYP2C19, met end points more often than patients with other gene combinations (wild-type homozygotes, presence of one mutant allele of ITGB3 or ITGA2, the composite of mutant alleles of ITGB3+ITGA2 or ITGB3+ITGA2+CYP2C19*2; hazard ratio = 4, 95% confidence interval: 2.19-7.29, p = 0.008). CONCLUSION: Carriage of a combination of mutant alleles in multiple genes including ITGB3+CYP2C19*2 or CYP2C19*2 + ITGA2 or CYP2C19*2 are possible predictors of CVE in patients after CABG. FAU - Grinshtein, Yuriy I
The association between high on-treatment platelet reactivity and early recurrence of ischemic events after minor stroke or TIA.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the role of HTPR in predicting early recurrence of ischemic events in patients with minor ischemic stroke or high-risk TIA. METHODS: From January 2014 to September 2014, a single center continuously enrolled patients with minor ischemic stroke or high-risk TIA and gave them antiplatelet therapy consisting of aspirin with clopidogrel. HTPR was assessed by TEG after 7 days of antiplatelet therapy and detected CYP2C19 genotype. The incidence of recurrent ischemic events was assessed 3 months after onset. The incidence of recurrent ischemic events was compared between the HTPR and NTPR groups with the Kaplan-Meier method, and multivariate Cox proportional hazards models were used to determine the risk factors associated with recurrent ischemic events. RESULTS: We enrolled 278 eligible patients with minor ischemic stroke or high-risk TIA. Through TEG testing, patients with HTPR were 22.7%, and carriers were not associated with HTPR to ADP by TEG-ADP(%) (p = 0.193). A total of 265 patients completed 3 months of follow-up, and Kaplan-Meier analysis showed that patients with HTPR had a higher percentage of recurrent ischemic events compared with patients with NTPR (p = 0.002). In multivariate Cox proportional hazards models, history of ischemic stroke or TIA (HR 4.45, 95% CI 1.77-11.16, p = 0.001) and HTPR (HR 3.34, 95% CI 1.41-7.91, p = 0.006) was independently associated with recurrent ischemic events. DISCUSSION: In patients with minor stroke or TIA, the prevalence of HTPR was 22.7%, and HTPR was independently associated with recurrent ischemic events. FAU - Rao, Zilong
Dual antiplatelet therapy clopidogrel with low-dose cilostazol intensifies platelet inhibition in patients with ischemic stroke.$$$ OBJECTIVE: We previously reported that the antiplatelet action is intensified with combined use of clopidogrel and cilostazol in ischemic stroke patients using the VerifyNow P2Y12 Assay. In this study, the relationship between the cilostazol dose and the platelet function achieved with combination therapy was investigated. METHODS: The subjects included 231 patients with noncardiogenic ischemic stroke treated at our hospital (18 patients treated with a combination of clopidogrel (75 mg) and cilostazol (100 mg), 52 patients treated with a combination of clopidogrel (75 mg) and cilostazol (200 mg), 126 patients treated with clopidogrel (75 mg) alone and 35 patients treated with cilostazol (200 mg) alone). The platelet function achieved with 20 μM of adenosine diphosphate was measured using the VerifyNow P2Y12 Assay. Clopidogrel resistance was defined as P2Y12 Reaction Units (PRU) >230 and/or % inhibition <20%. Results The PRU was >230 in 32 patients (25.4%) receiving clopidogrel alone, one patient (5.6%) receiving combination therapy with cilostazol (100 mg) and one patient (1.9%) receiving combination therapy with cilostazol (200 mg). The rate of PRU >230 was significantly lower in both of the cilostazol combination groups than in the clopidogrel alone group. The percent inhibition was <20% in 41 patients (32.5%) receiving clopidogrel alone, one patient (5.6%) receiving a combination with cilostazol (100 mg) and one patient (1.9%) receiving a combination with cilostazol (200 mg). The rate of % inhibition <20% was significantly lower in both of the cilostazol combination groups than in the clopidogrel alone group. CONCLUSION: Clopidogrel resistance was clearly decreased with combination clopidogrel (75 mg) and low-dose (100 mg) cilostazol therapy. The use of combination therapy with clopidogrel and low-dose cilostazol may be one means of overcoming clopidogrel resistance. FAU - Maruyama, Hajime
Empiric treatment with aspirin and ticagrelor is the most cost-effective strategy in patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack.$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients with minor ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attacks (TIAs) are often treated with dual antiplatelet therapy regimens as part of secondary stroke prevention. Clopidogrel, an antiplatelet used in these regimens, is metabolized into its active form by the CYP2C19 enzyme. Patients with loss of function (LOF) mutations in CYP2C19 are at risk for poorer secondary outcomes when prescribed clopidogrel. AIMS: We aimed to determine the cost-effectiveness of three different treatment antiplatelet regimens in ischemic stroke populations with minor strokes or TIAs and how these treatment regimens are influenced by the LOF prevalence in the population. METHODS: Markov models were developed to look at the cost-effectiveness of empiric treatment with aspirin and clopidogrel versus empiric treatment with aspirin and ticagrelor, versus genotype-guided therapy for either 21 or 30 days. Effect ratios were obtained from the literature, and incidence rates and costs were obtained from the national data published by the Singapore Ministry of Health. The primary endpoints were the incremental cost-effectiveness ratios (ICERs). RESULTS: Empiric treatment with aspirin and ticagrelor was the most cost-effective treatment. Genotype-guided therapy was more cost-effective than empiric aspirin and clopidogrel if the LOF was above 48%. Empiric ticagrelor and aspirin was cost saving when compared to genotype-guided therapy. Results in models of dual antiplatelet therapy for 30 days were similar. CONCLUSION: This study suggests that in patients with minor stroke and TIA planned for dual antiplatelet regimens, empiric ticagrelor and aspirin is the most cost-effective treatment regimen. If ticagrelor is not available, genotype-guided therapy is the most cost-effective treatment regimen if the LOF prevalence in the population is more than 48%. FAU - Narasimhalu, Kaavya
Relationship of CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 gene polymorphism with clopidogrel response variability and recurrent cardiovascular events in Chinese patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: The study was conducted to assess the influence of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on clopidogrel response variability and recurrent cardiovascular (CV) events in Chinese patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS: Platelet aggregation induced by 5 and 20 µmol/l adenosine diphosphate was measured in 109 patients at baseline, 12 h and 36 h after loading with 300 mg of clopidogrel. The primary end point was recurrent CV events, and the follow-up was scheduled at 1, 3, 6 and 12 months after PCI. The polymorphisms of CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 were genotyped by DNA sequencing analysis. RESULTS: The maximal aggregation rates and inhibition of platelet aggregation among CYP2C19*1/*1, CYP2C19*1/*2 or *3 and CYP2C19*2/*2 or *3 genotypes were significantly different at 12 and 36 h after clopidogrel loading dose administration. Multiple linear regression analysis demonstrated that CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 might be predictors of clopidogrel response variability. During the 12-month follow-up, recurrent CV events occurred in 21 (19.63%) patients, and there were 5 (6.47%) deaths, 3 (2.80%) cases of ischemic stroke and 14 (13.1%) cases of acute coronary syndrome. Carriers of at least one CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele (*1/*2 or *3, *2/*2 or *3) incurred a 3.65-fold increase (95% CI 1.07-12.38; p = 0.038) in the risk of recurrent CV events 1 year after PCI compared to noncarriers (*1/*1). CONCLUSION: Polymorphisms in CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 contribute to variabilities in clopidogrel responsiveness. Patients carrying at least one CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele (CYP2C19*2, *3) are associated with an increased risk of recurrent CV events undergoing PCI.
Multi-institutional patterns of clopidogrel response among patients undergoing transcarotid artery revascularization.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Current guidelines recommend dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) in patients undergoing carotid artery stenting. The most common DAPT regimen is aspirin and clopidogrel, a P2Y12 receptor antagonist; however, the prevalence of clopidogrel resistance (CR) in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions may exceed 60%. Few studies have investigated the prevalence and impact of CR in patients undergoing extracranial carotid artery stenting, particularly transcarotid artery revascularization (TCAR). METHODS: Consecutive high-risk patients ≥ 18 years who underwent TCAR for high grade (≥70%) and/or symptomatic (≥50%) carotid stenosis with preoperative P2Y12 testing between August 2019 and December 2021 were identified across five institutions. Preoperative platelet reactivity was measured with the VerifyNow P2Y12 Reaction Unit (PRU) Test (Instrumentation Laboratory, Bedford, MA), with CR defined as PRU ≥ 194 and hyper-response as PRU <70. Patients without preoperative P2Y12 testing within 30 days prior to TCAR or those on a non-clopidogrel P2Y12 inhibitor preoperatively were excluded. The primary outcome of interest was prevalence of CR. Secondary outcomes of interest included the incidence of ischemic and hemorrhagic complications. RESULTS: Of 92 patients identified, the majority were male (59%) and Caucasian (75%) with a mean age of 75 years (±8, range 56-92). Preoperatively, 93% of patients were on aspirin, 100% on clopidogrel, and 13% on therapeutic anticoagulation. At presentation, 36% were symptomatic. The mean preoperative P2Y12 was 156 PRU (±76, range 6-349). In total, 30 (33%) patients met criteria for CR (mean PRU 240 ± 37; range 197-349), and 15 (16%) met criteria for hyper-responder (mean PRU 38 ± 20; range 6-68). There was no significant difference by clopidogrel response phenotype in terms of sex (p = 0.246), race (p = 0.384), or symptomatic presentation (p = 0.956). Postoperatively, the cumulative incidence of stroke and MI was 2.1%, with no statistically significant difference in the incidence of in-hospital stroke (PRU 238, p = 0.489) or MI (PRU 168, p = 1) between clopidogrel phenotypes. Three (3.3%) patients, one CR (PRU 240) and two responders (PRU 119 and PRU 189), experienced postoperative access site hematomas that required no subsequent intervention. No other index hospitalization hemorrhagic complications occurred. CONCLUSIONS: Using preoperative P2Y12 testing with a threshold PRU ≥ 194 to define CR, we identified a high prevalence of CR in patients undergoing TCAR similar to that in the pre-existing coronary literature. We found no significant differences in postoperative ischemic or hemorrhagic complications by clopidogrel response phenotype, although complication rates in the overall study cohort were low. CR may be a spectrum from responder to partial responder to complete non-responder, and this may account for the differences in our CR cohort compared to the ROADSTER 2 protocol deviation cohort. Further investigation is warranted to determine if a quantitative assessment of CR is sufficient to identify patients at risk of developing secondary cerebrovascular ischemic events in this patient population. FAU - Rokosh, Rae S
Platelet membrane receptor P2Y12 H1/H2 polymorphism is highly associated with cerebral infarction: a case-control study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to determine the relationship between the polymorphisms of the H1/H2 gene of platelet membrane receptor P2Y12 and cerebral infarction (CI) in a Han population in North Shandong Province, People's Republic of China. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A case-control study, which involved 168 nonstoke subjects (contrast group) and 152 CI patients (CI group), was conducted. The state of subjects in the CI group was validated by computed tomography or MRI. The clinical data were categorized into two groups. The data included age, gender, smoking, drinking, shrinkage pressure, diastolic blood pressure, blood glucose, cholesterol, triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein, serum uric acid, fibrinogen and homocysteine. The polymorphisms were genotyped with PCR and restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis. The distribution characteristics of nonstoke subjects and CI patients and the relationship between the polymorphisms of the H1/H2 gene of platelet membrane receptor P2Y12 and ischemic stroke were analyzed. RESULTS: No significant difference was found between the contrast group and CI group (P>0.05) in terms of age, gender composition, smoking, alcohol consumption, blood glucose, cholesterol, triglyceride, low-density protein, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, uric acid and homocysteine. In contrast, significant differences were found between these two groups (P<0.01) in terms of SBP, DBP and plasma fibrinogen level. The genotyping revealed 112 carriers of the wild-type H1/H1 genotype and 40 carriers of the mutational H2 allele of P2Y12 H1/H2 in the CI group and 140 carriers of the wild-type H1/H1 genotype and 28 carriers of the mutational H2 allele of P2Y12 H1/H2 in the contrast group. Furthermore, the H1/H2 and H2/H2 gene frequencies (26.3%) were significantly higher in the CI group (χ(2)=4.440, P<0.05) than those in the contrast group (16.7%). Moreover, the frequencies of the H2 allele in the CI and contrast groups were 14.5% and 8.6%, respectively, and the difference was statistically significant (χ(2)=5.392, P<0.05). Multiple logistic regression analysis results revealed that factors associated with CI include systolic blood pressure and plasma fibrinogen level, which carry the -893T gene. After adjusting for potential confounding factors, the H2 allele carriers had a 1.928-fold increased risk for CI (OR=1.928, 95% confidence interval: 1.137-3.188; P=0.038) when compared with noncarriers. CONCLUSION: The present study found that hypertension and elevated plasma fibrinogen levels are significant risk factors for ischemic stroke and confirmed that the H1/H2 and H2/H2 genes of platelet membrane glycoprotein receptor P2Y12 are risk factors of ischemic stroke. FAU - Lu, Shu-Jun
Antiplatelet treatment in the secondary prevention of coronary and cerebrovascular disease: is there any place for novel agents?$$$ Ischemic heart disease and cerebrovascular disease remain major health problems with associated mortality and quality-of-life consequences. Antiplatelet agents, including thienopyridines and the new P2Y12 inhibitors, have been shown to improve survival in the secondary prevention setting. We review the available evidence on the effectiveness and safety of previous established as well as novel antithrombotic agents in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease with a special focus on cerebrovascular disease.
Report: Impact of drug combination of clopidogrel and pantoprazole In the prognosis of patients with transient ischemic attack.$$$ The study aimed to investigate the impact of clopidogrel combined with proton pump inhibitors (PPI) pantoprazole treatment on the prognosis of patients with transient ischemic attack (TIA). A total of 478 cases of TIA patients treated with clopidogrel were randomly assigned half to clopidogrel combined with pantoprazole treatment and the control groups (clopidogrel treatment alone) from January 2012 to January 20l4. The platelet aggregation before and after treatment and cerebrovascular events incidence within 90 days were compared and analyzed. Multivariate analysis was used to estimate the incidence of cerebrovascular events within 90 days. The platelet aggregation rate before treatment was 73.2±6.1% in the treatment group, 74.1±8.8% in the control group. The platelet aggregation rate after treatment was 38.1±10.7% in the treatment group, 36.8±9.7% in the control group. The platelet aggregation before and after treatments between the two groups had not significant difference (P>0.05). The incidence of cerebrovascular events within 90 days (11.7% in the treatment group, 9.6% in the control group) between the two groups had not significant difference (P>0.05). Multivariate analysis showed that the incidence of cerebrovascular events within 90 day was associated with hypertension (P=0.008), diabetes (P=0.000), hyperlipidemia (P=0.002) and ABCD2 score >3 points (P=0.000). Clopidogrel combined with pantoprazole treatment had no significant effect on the prognosis of TIA patients. FAU - Lu, Min
CYP2C19 LOF and GOF-Guided Antiplatelet Therapy in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome: A Cost-Effectiveness Analysis.$$$ PURPOSE: This study aimed to examine the cost-effectiveness of CYP2C19 loss-of-function and gain-of-function allele guided (LOF/GOF-guided) antiplatelet therapy in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS: A life-long decision-analytic model was designed to simulate outcomes of three strategies: universal clopidogrel (75 mg daily), universal alternative P2Y(12) inhibitor (prasugrel 10 mg daily or ticagrelor 90 mg twice daily), and LOF/GOF-guided therapy (LOF/GOF allele carriers receiving alternative P2Y(12) inhibitor, wild-type patients receiving clopidogrel). Model outcomes included clinical event rates, quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs) gained and direct medical costs from perspective of US healthcare provider. RESULTS: Base-case analysis found nonfatal myocardial infarction (5.62%) and stent thrombosis (1.2%) to be the lowest in universal alternative P2Y(12) inhibitor arm, whereas nonfatal stroke (0.72%), cardiovascular death (2.42%), and major bleeding (2.73%) were lowest in LOF/GOF-guided group. LOF/GOF-guided arm gained the highest QALYs (7.5301 QALYs) at lowest life-long cost (USD 76,450). One-way sensitivity analysis showed base-case results were subject to the hazard ratio of cardiovascular death in carriers versus non-carriers of LOF allele and hazard ratio of cardiovascular death in non-carriers of LOF allele versus general patients. In probabilistic sensitivity analysis of 10,000 Monte Carlo simulations, LOF/GOF-guided therapy, universal alternative P2Y(12) inhibitor, and universal clopidogrel were the preferred strategy (willingness-to-pay threshold = 50,000 USD/QALY) in 99.07%, 0.04%, and 0.89% of time, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Using both CYP2C19 GOF and LOF alleles to select antiplatelet therapy appears to be the preferred antiplatelet strategy over universal clopidogrel and universal alternative P2Y(12) inhibitor therapy for ACS patients with PCI. FAU - Jiang, Minghuan
Platelet Function Testing in Patients with Acute Ischemic Stroke: An Observational Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: The measurement of platelet reactivity in patients with stroke undergoing antiplatelet therapies is not commonly performed in clinical practice. We assessed the prevalence of therapy responsiveness in patients with stroke and further investigated differences between patients on prevention therapy at stroke onset and patients naive to antiplatelet medications. We also sought differences in responsiveness between etiological subtypes and correlations between Clopidogrel responsiveness and genetic polymorphisms. METHODS: A total of 624 stroke patients on antiplatelet therapy were included. Two different groups were identified: "non-naive patients", and "naive patients". Platelet function was measured with multiple electrode aggregometry, and genotyping assays were used to determine CYP2C19 polymorphisms. RESULTS: Aspirin (ASA) responsiveness was significantly more frequent in naive patients compared with non-naive patients (94.9% versus 82.6%, P < .0010). A better responsiveness to ASA compared with Clopidogrel or combination therapy was found in the entire population (P < .0010), in non-naive patients (P < .0253), and in naive patients (P < .0010). Multivariate analysis revealed a strong effect of Clopidogrel as a possible "risk factor" for unresponsiveness (odds ratio 3.652, P < .0001). No difference between etiological subgroups and no correlations between responsiveness and CYP2C19 polymorphisms were found. CONCLUSION: In our opinion, platelet function testing could be potentially useful in monitoring the biological effect of antiplatelet agents. A substantial proportion of patients with stroke on ASA were "resistant", and the treatment with Clopidogrel was accompanied by even higher rates of unresponsiveness. Longitudinal studies are needed to assess whether aggregometry might supply individualized prognostic information and whether it can be considered a valid tool for future prevention strategies.
The Impact of CYP2C19 Loss-of-Function Polymorphisms, Clinical, and Demographic Variables on Platelet Response to Clopidogrel Evaluated Using Impedance Aggregometry.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet drug widely used in patients with acute coronary syndromes or stroke. Despite adequate antiplatelet therapy, some patients develop acute ischemic events. This is partly attributed to the fact that they have poor inhibition of platelet reactivity, despite treatment. This study aimed to assess the impact of clinical and demographic variables and of cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) loss-of-function polymorphisms on platelet response to clopidogrel evaluated using impedance aggregometry in an East European population. METHODS: The study included 189 clopidogrel-treated patients with acute coronary syndromes and noncardiogenic ischemic stroke. Platelet aggregation was evaluated by impedance aggregometry. CYP2C19 loss-of-function polymorphisms were detected using the polymerase chain reaction restriction fragment length polymorphism technique. Various clinical and demographic data were also recorded. RESULTS: In our data set, 81% of the patients were responders and 19% nonresponders to clopidogrel therapy. The distribution of CYP2C19 polymorphisms was as follows: 61.1% of patients were CYP2C19 wild-type homozygotes, 27.7% of patients were CYP2C19*2 heterozygotes, 1.1% of patients were CYP2C19*3 heterozygotes, and 10% of patients were CYP2C19*2 homozygotes. The highest level of association with clopidogrel response status was found for CYP2C19 polymorphisms, concomitant aspirin treatment, leukocyte and platelet count, history of myocardial infarction, arterial hypertension, and ward where patients were admitted. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of clopidogrel resistance in our East European population was in line with that reported for Western populations. Clopidogrel response was significantly influenced by the presence of CYP2C19 polymorphisms. Interestingly, the concomitant use of aspirin had a significant impact on platelet response to clopidogrel, indicating a synergic interaction between these drugs. FAU - Mărginean, Alina
Response to clopidogrel and its association with chronic kidney disease in noncardiogenic ischemic stroke patients.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Noncardiogenic ischemic stroke patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) are known to have a greater rate of ischemic stroke recurrence than those without. Although clopidogrel is often used to prevent the recurrence of noncardiogenic ischemic stroke, the relationship between the response to clopidogrel and CKD is unclear. In the present study, the relationship between the response to clopidogrel and the presence of CKD was investigated in noncardiogenic ischemic stroke patients. METHODS: A total of 129 noncardiogenic ischemic stroke patients receiving 75 mg/day of clopidogrel for ≥1 week were evaluated. The VerifyNow P2Y12 Assay was used to measure the level of platelet aggregation induced by 20 μM of adenosine diphosphate, and the degree of platelet aggregation and frequency of clopidogrel resistance were compared between 34 patients with CKD and 95 patients without CKD. Clopidogrel resistance was defined as a P2Y12 Reaction Units (PRU) value of >230 and/or % inhibition <20%. RESULTS: The PRU value was 201.9±91.3 in the patients with CKD and 163.3±86.4 in the patients without CKD (p=0.035). The frequency of a PRU value of >230 was 44.1% (15 patients) among the patients with CKD and 17.9% (17 patients) among those without CKD (p=0.002). The percent inhibition was 29.9%±28.1% among the patients with CKD and 41.1%±28.0% among the patients without CKD (p=0.030). The frequency of % inhibition <20% was 47.1% (16 patients) among the patients with CKD and 26.3% (25 patients) among those without CKD (p=0.026). CONCLUSION: The present study showed that noncardiogenic ischemic stroke patients with CKD have a greater frequency of clopidogrel resistance, thus suggesting that the response to clopidogrel is diminished in these patients. FAU - Maruyama, Hajime
Association of clopidogrel resistance and ABCD-GENE score with long-term clinical prognosis in patients with ischemic stroke or TIA.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel resistance (CR) is associated with adverse clinical outcomes in acute ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA) patients. However, whether CR affects the long-term clinical prognosis remains to be clarified. The ABCD-GENE score is a novel risk model that identifies CR in cardiovascular disease patients; its diagnostic ability and application in ischemic stroke or TIA remain to be studied. This study aimed to investigate the diagnostic ability of the ABCD-GENE score for CR and analyze the relationship between CR and long-term clinical prognosis in patients with ischemic stroke or TIA. METHODS: From January 2018 to January 2021, 251 ischemic stroke or TIA patients who were treated with clopidogrel for more than three months after onset and maintained the medication until the follow-up time were enrolled, and platelet reactivity was detected by thromboelastography. CYP2C19 gene analysis was performed. Adverse clinical outcomes were recorded from 3months after onset. The median follow-up time was 878days. RESULTS: The prevalence of CR was 33.9%. The proportion of CYP2C19 loss-of-function carriers was 62.2%. The ABCD-GENE score≥10 was independently associated with CR (OR=1.82, 95% CI: 1.02-3.24, P=0.041), and the C-statistic value of the score (as a binary and integer variable) on CR was 0.58 and 0.63, respectively. The risk of long-term adverse clinical outcomes was not significantly different between CR and clopidogrel sensitive groups (12.94% vs. 11.44%, HR=1.22, 95% CI: 0.57-2.62, P=0.603). A similar result was observed between ABCD-GENE score≥10 and ABCD-GENE score<10 groups (10.38% vs. 12.64%, HR=1.19, 95% CI: 0.55-2.60, P=0.666). CONCLUSIONS: In ischemic stroke or TIA patients, the ABCD-GENE score could identify the risk of CR. CR was not associated with long-term adverse clinical outcomes.
Relationship between smoking and responsiveness to clopidogrel in non-cardiogenic ischemic stroke patients.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Clopidogrel is used to prevent the recurrence of non-cardiogenic ischemic stroke, but individual responsiveness to the drug varies. Moreover, it is known that smoking, which is a risk factor for ischemic stroke, affects the drug's pharmacokinetics. The objective of the present study was to investigate a possible relationship between smoking and responsiveness to clopidogrel in non-cardiogenic ischemic stroke patients. METHODS: The study involved 209 non-cardiogenic ischemic stroke patients who were administered oral clopidogrel at a dosage of 75 mg/day for at least 1 week. Platelet aggregation in response to adenosine diphosphate (20 μM) was measured in each patient using the VerifyNow P2Y12 Assay. Platelet aggregation and the incidence of resistance to clopidogrel were compared between a smokers group (70 patients) and a non-smokers group (139 patients). Clopidogrel resistance was defined as a P2Y12 Reaction Units (PRU) value >230 and/or % inhibition <20%. RESULTS: The mean PRU was 128.3±85.5 in the smokers group and 167.7±86.6 in the non-smokers group (p=0.002). The incidence of PRU >230 was 12.9% (9 patients) in the smokers group and 25.9% (36 patients) in the non-smokers group (p=0.033). The mean % inhibition was 48.6±30.7% in the smokers group and 36.9±27.6% in the non-smokers group (p=0.009). The incidence of patients with % inhibition <20% was 24.3% (17 patients) in the smokers group and 34.5% (48 patients) in the non-smokers group (p=0.155). CONCLUSION: The incidence of clopidogrel resistance was lower in the non-cardiogenic ischemic stroke patients who were smokers, thus indicating that these patients' responsiveness to this drug may be enhanced. FAU - Maruyama, Hajime
A randomized trial to compare the safety of rivaroxaban vs aspirin in addition to either clopidogrel or ticagrelor in acute coronary syndrome: The design of the GEMINI-ACS-1 phase II study.$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT), the combination of aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor, given for 12 months remains the standard of care after presentation with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) because it has been shown to be associated with a significant reduction in ischemic events compared with aspirin monotherapy. The factor Xa inhibitor rivaroxaban was shown to be associated with a significant reduction in the composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, and stroke, and resulted in a nominal reduction in cardiovascular death, when added to background DAPT in the ATLAS ACS 2-TIMI 51 trial; however, there was excessive bleeding with this "triple-therapy" approach. The combination of rivaroxaban with P2Y12 inhibition in a "dual-pathway" approach may be an effective therapeutic regimen for the treatment of ACS, given the known importance of P2Y12 inhibition after stenting and intriguing data that the combination of an anticoagulant with clopidogrel after stenting in patients with atrial fibrillation appears an attractive option to this patient population. GEMINI-ACS-1 is a prospective, randomized, double-dummy, double-blind, active-controlled trial that will assess the safety of dual antithrombotic therapy (rivaroxaban [2.5 mg twice daily] + P2Y12 inhibitor) as compared with DAPT (aspirin [100 mg] + P2Y12 inhibitor) within 10 days of an ACS event in 3,000 patients. Patients will be randomized in a 1:1 ratio stratified by intended P2Y12 inhibitor use (clopidogrel 75 mg daily or ticagrelor 90 mg twice daily), with 1500 patients expected in each P2Y12 inhibitor strata. The primary end point is Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction clinically significant bleeding (major, minor, or requiring medical attention). The exploratory efficacy determination will be a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, and stent thrombosis. GEMINI-ACS-1 will assess the safety and feasibility of dual antithrombotic therapy with rivaroxaban and a P2Y12 inhibitor compared with conventional DAPT for the treatment for patients with recent ACS.
Concomitant Use of Proton-Pump Inhibitors and Clopidogrel Increases the Risk of Adverse Outcomes in Patients With Ischemic Stroke Carrying Reduced-Function CYP2C19*2.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Conflicting data exist as to whether proton-pump inhibitors (PPIs) diminish the efficacy of clopidogrel. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between cytochrome P450 ( CYP) genetic variants and clinical adverse outcomes of concomitant use of PPIs and clopidogrel by patients. METHODS: We consecutively enrolled 523 patients with ischemic stroke receiving clopidogrel. Platelet aggregation was measured before and after 7 to 10 days of clopidogrel treatment. Single-nucleotide polymorphisms of CYP3A4, CYP3A5, CYP2C19*2, and CYP2C19*3 were examined using mass spectrometry. The primary outcome was a composite of recurrent ischemic stroke (RIS), myocardial infarction (MI), and vascular death that occurred during the 1-year follow-up period. The safety outcome was hemorrhagic episodes that occurred during the 1-year follow-up period. RESULTS: This study comprised a total of 523 patients with IS, 96.3% (155/161) patients treated with PPIs and 95.9% (347/362) in patients treated without PPIs completed 1-year follow-up. The primary outcome was observed in 69 (13.7%) patients (56 RIS, 7 MI, and 6 died). There was no significant difference in the frequencies of primary outcome and safety outcome between patients treated with or without PPIs. The frequency of primary outcome was significantly higher in patients carrying CYP2C19*2 AG/AA genotype receiving PPIs compared with the same genotype in those not receiving PPIs. The PPIs used in patients carrying CYP2C19*2 AG/AA was independently associated with the primary outcome after adjusting for other risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: The concomitant use of PPIs and clopidogrel may be associated with an increased risk of RIS, MI, or vascular death in patients with IS carrying reduced-function CYP2C19*2. FAU - Yi, Xingyang
Meta-Regression to Identify Patients Deriving the Greatest Benefit from Dual Antiplatelet Therapy after Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack Without Thrombolytic or Thrombectomy Treatment.$$$ The patient's profile drawing the greatest benefit from dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) after a noncardioembolic, ischemic cerebrovascular event is not well characterized. Aim of this metaregression analysis was to compare DAPT versus single antiplatelet therapy (SAPT) in patients with stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA). We searched randomized trials evaluating clinical outcome with aspirin plus a P(2)Y(12) inhibitor versus SAPT in patients with noncardioembolic stroke or TIA. Primary end point was the incidence of recurrent stroke; safety outcome measure was major bleeding. Eleven trials were included in the analysis, enrolling 24,175 patients treated with DAPT (aspirin plus clopidogrel, n = 12,074) or SAPT (n = 12,101) after a stroke or TIA event. In the DAPT group the rates of recurrent stroke were lower (7.1% vs 8.8% with SAPT; odds ratios [OR] 0.74, 95% confidence interval 0.62 to 0.88; p = 0.0007) and the incidence of major bleeding was twofold higher (OR 2.01, 1.35 to 3.01; p = 0.0006). Metaregression indicated a positive correlation between prevention of recurrent stroke by DAPT and baseline stroke severity (p = 0.019), baseline risk profile (p = 0.0001), or prevalence of carotid atherosclerosis (p = 0.040). DAPT was more effective when initiated ≤7 days (OR 0.67, 0.58 to 0.77; p < 0.00001) and used for ≤3 months (OR 0.66, 0.58 to 0.76; p < 0.00001) after the event. In conclusion, in patients with stroke or TIA, the highest benefit of DAPT was observed in patients with higher baseline risk profile, greater stroke severity, or concomitant carotid disease, and when DAPT was initiated early and given for ≤3 months.
Real-World Implementation of a Genotype-Guided P2Y(12) Inhibitor De-Escalation Strategy in Acute Coronary Syndrome Patients. LID - S1936-8798(24)00913-0 [pii] LID - 10.1016/j.jcin.2024.06.020 [doi]$$$ BACKGROUND: CYP2C19 genotype-guided de-escalation from ticagrelor or prasugrel to clopidogrel may optimize the balance between ischemic and bleeding risk in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). OBJECTIVES: This study sought to compare bleeding and ischemic event rates in genotyped patients vs standard care. METHODS: Since 2015, ACS patients in the multicenter FORCE-ACS (Future Optimal Research and Care Evaluation in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome) registry received standard dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT). Since 2021, genotype-guided P2Y(12) inhibitor de-escalation was recommended at a single center, switching noncarriers of the loss-of-function allele CYP2C19∗3 or CYP2C19∗2 from ticagrelor or prasugrel to clopidogrel, whereas loss-of-function carriers remained on ticagrelor or prasugrel. The primary ischemic endpoint, a composite of cardiovascular mortality, myocardial infarction, or stroke, and the primary bleeding endpoint, Bleeding Academic Research Consortium 2, 3, or 5 bleeding, were compared between a genotyped cohort and a cohort treated with standard DAPT after 1 year. RESULTS: Among 5,321 enrolled ACS patients, 406 underwent genotyping compared with 4,915 nongenotyped ACS patients on standard DAPT. In the genotyped cohort, 65.3% (n = 265) were noncarriers, 88.7% (n = 235) of whom were switched to clopidogrel. The primary ischemic endpoint occurred in 5.2% (n = 21) of patients in the genotyped cohort compared to 6.9% (n = 337) in the standard care cohort (adjusted HR: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.53-1.28). The primary bleeding rate was significantly lower in the genotyped cohort compared to the standard care cohort (4.7% vs 9.8%; adjusted HR: 0.47; 95% CI: 0.30-0.76). CONCLUSIONS: The implementation of a CYP2C19 genotype-guided P2Y(12) inhibitor de-escalation strategy in a real-world ACS population resulted in lower bleeding rates without an increase in ischemic events compared to a standard DAPT regimen.
[Myocardial infarction: Role of new antiplatelet agents].$$$ Thienopyridines have become the cornerstone of treatment of percutaneous coronary intervention although no survival benefit has ever been shown with clopidogrel despite increasing loading doses. Newly developed P2Y(12) inhibitors are more potent, more predictable and have a faster onset of action than clopidogrel, characteristics that make them particularly attractive for high-risk PCI. Four new P2Y(12) inhibitors have been tested each of them having particular individual properties. Prasugrel is an oral prodrug leading to irreversible blockade of the P2Y(12) receptor and is approved worldwide for ACS PCI. Ticagrelor is a direct-acting and reversible inhibitor of the P2Y(12) receptor with potentially more pleiotropic effects. Cangrelor is an intravenous direct and reversible inhibitor of the P2Y(12) receptor providing the highest level of inhibition and elinogrel is an intravenous and oral P2Y(12) antagonist with a direct and reversible action. Both prasugrel and ticagrelor, opposed to clopidogrel, have shown that stronger P2Y(12) inhibition led respectively to significant 19 % and 16 % relative risk reduction of a similar primary endpoint combining cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or nonfatal stroke. Both drugs showed a significant 0.6 % absolute excess of TIMI major bleeding not related to CABG surgery. The effect of these new compounds is prompt, predictable and powerful as compared to clopidogrel. Their net benefit is particularly marked in PCI for STEMI patients, in which there is no significant increase in major bleeding when compared with clopidogrel. However, because in clinical trials patients perceived to be at higher risk for bleeding usually are excluded, the risk of major and even fatal bleeding might even be higher in a "real-world" setting i.e. in the elderly patient with comorbidities.
Genetic variants in ABCB1 and CYP2C19 and cardiovascular outcomes after treatment with clopidogrel and prasugrel in the TRITON-TIMI 38 trial: a pharmacogenetic analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel and prasugrel are subject to efflux via P-glycoprotein (encoded by ABCB1, also known as MDR1). ABCB1 polymorphisms, particularly 3435C→T, may affect drug transport and efficacy. We aimed to assess the effect of this polymorphism by itself and alongside variants in CYP2C19 on cardiovascular outcomes in patients treated with clopidogrel or prasugrel in TRITON-TIMI 38. We also assessed the effect of genotype on the pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties of these drugs in healthy individuals. METHODS: We genotyped ABCB1 in 2932 patients with acute coronary syndromes undergoing percutaneous intervention who were treated with clopidogrel (n=1471) or prasugrel (n=1461) in the TRITON-TIMI 38 trial. We evaluated the association between ABCB1 3435C→T and rates of the primary efficacy endpoint (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke) until 15 months. We then assessed the combined effect of ABCB1 3435C→T genotype and reduced-function alleles of CYP2C19. 321 healthy individuals were also genotyped, and we tested the association of genetic variants with reduction in maximum platelet aggregation and plasma concentrations of active drug metabolites. FINDINGS: In patients treated with clopidogrel, ABCB1 3435C→T genotype was significantly associated with the risk of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke (p=0·0064). TT homozygotes had a 72% increased risk of the primary endpoint compared with CT/CC individuals (Kaplan-Meier event rates 12·9% [52 of 414] vs 7·8% [80 of 1057 participants]; HR 1·72, 95% CI 1·22-2·44, p=0·002). ABCB1 3435C→T and CYP2C19 genotypes were significant, independent predictors of the primary endpoint, and 681 (47%) of the 1454 genotyped patients taking clopidogrel who were either CYP2C19 reduced-function allele carriers, ABCB1 3435 TT homozygotes, or both were at increased risk of the primary endpoint (HR 1·97, 95% CI 1·38-2·82, p=0·0002). In healthy participants, 3435 TT homozygotes had an absolute reduction in maximum platelet aggregation with clopidogrel that was 7·3 percentage points less than for CT/CC individuals (p=0·0127). ABCB1 genotypes were not significantly associated with clinical or pharmacological outcomes in patients with an acute coronary syndrome or healthy individuals treated with prasugrel, respectively. INTERPRETATION: Individuals with the ABCB1 3435 TT genotype have reduced platelet inhibition and are at increased risk of recurrent ischaemic events during clopidogrel treatment. In patients with acute coronary syndromes who have undergone percutaneous intervention, when both ABCB1 and CYP2C19 are taken into account, nearly half of the population carries a genotype associated with increased risk of major adverse cardiovascular events while on standard doses of clopidogrel. FUNDING: Daiichi Sankyo Company Ltd and Eli Lilly and Company.
Efficacy and safety of CYP2C19 genotype in stroke or transient ischemic attack patients treated with clopidogrel monotherapy or clopidogrel plus aspirin: Protocol for a systemic review and meta-analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: The relationship of CYP2C19 genotype and clinical efficacy in stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA) patients treated with clopidogrel monotherapy or clopidogrel plus aspirin remains unknown. We thus aim to conduct a meta-analysis to appraise evidence on the association of CYP2C19 genotype and clinical efficacy for stroke or TIA. METHODS: An electronic search will be performed for clinical trials that reported the interested efficacy data (stroke, myocardial infarction, or vascular death) and safety data (any bleeding) in clopigogrel-treated patients with stroke or TIA. Odds ratios (ORs) with their confidence intervals (CIs) will be calculated using a meta-analysis. RESULTS: This study will provide the evidence of the relationship between CYP2C19 genotype and clinical efficacy and safety in stroke/TIA patients taking clopidogrel by pooling the results of individual studies. CONCLUSIONS: The results will bring about vigorous evidence in this issue and guide both clinical decision-making and future research. FAU - Yao, Jia-Chen
Ticagrelor: from concept to clinical evaluation.$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and a platelet adenosine diphosphate P2Y(12) receptor blocker reduces the risk of major adverse cardiovascular events following percutaneous coronary intervention or an acute coronary syndrome. Clopidogrel is the most widely used P2Y(12) receptor blocker, but has suboptimal speed of onset of action and maximal platelet inhibition, as well as variability in the inhibition of platelet aggregation achieved. Therefore, novel P2Y(12) receptor blockers have been developed to address these limitations, including prasugrel and ticagrelor. This article describes the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic evaluation of ticagrelor, which has been demonstrated to have significantly faster onset, faster offset, greater maximal inhibition of platelet aggregation and less variability in response compared with clopidogrel. These detailed Phase II data helped guide the design of the large landmark clinical trial Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes (PLATO; n = 18,624 patients with acute coronary syndrome) in which ticagrelor was associated with a 16% relative risk reduction in the primary composite end point of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction or stroke at 12 months (9.8 vs 11.7%; hazard ratio: 0.84; 95% CI: 0.77-0.92; p < 0.001). Ongoing trials are evaluating the clinical value of individualizing therapy according to on-treatment residual platelet activity, genetic polymorphism (loss-of-function allele status) and by improved safety/efficacy risk stratification. FAU - Shand, James A
Equilibrative nucleoside transporter 1 gene polymorphisms and clinical outcomes following acute coronary syndromes: findings from the PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) study.$$$ In the PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) study, the P2Y(12) inhibitors ticagrelor and clopidogrel were compared in the treatment of acute coronary syndromes (ACS). Ticagrelor was shown to reduce occurrence of the primary end point - a composite of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke - compared to clopidogrel. Ticagrelor's pleiotropic effects on reuptake of adenosine via inhibition of equilibrative nucleoside transporter 1 (ENT1) have been hypothesized to contribute to this. Several polymorphisms of ENT1 are known to exist. We explored the interaction between ENT1 polymorphisms and clinical outcomes in ACS patients participating in the PLATO genetic substudy. Using genotyping data obtained in a genome-wide association study, the gene region encoding ENT1 was assessed and 94 polymorphisms were identified. After quality control filtering, data from 9943 participants were included. Subjects were divided into discovery (phase 1, n = 3970) and replication (phase 2, n = 5973) cohorts. Cox-regression analysis of the relationship between variants and seven efficacy and safety outcomes was performed in discovery, replication, and combined cohorts. Treatment-marker interactions were also determined. Although 35 variants were found with associations to the investigated outcomes reaching p < 0.05 in the discovery cohort, only one of these was replicated in phase 2 of the analysis and also reached the predetermined level of statistical significance in the combined data, taking into account the number of tests performed: the rare polymorphism rs141034817, with a frequency of 0.2%, was significantly associated with bleeding. Thirty-three treatment-marker interactions were found with a significance level of p < 0.05 in phase 1, but none was replicated in phase 2. We found no significant interaction between ENT1 genotype and clinical outcomes in ACS patients treated with ticagrelor or clopidogrel, apart from the association between a rare polymorphism and bleeding that requires further study. If ticagrelor's pleiotropic effects on adenosine uptake are clinically relevant, these do not appear to be significantly affected by variation in the ENT1 gene. FAU - Parker, William A E
Influences of an NR1I2 polymorphism on heterogeneous antiplatelet reactivity responses to clopidogrel and clinical outcomes in acute ischemic stroke patients.$$$ Pregnane X receptor (PXR) is a member of nuclear receptor subfamily 1 (NR1I2) that is a transcriptional regulator of several metabolic enzymes involved in clopidogrel metabolism. In this study we identified and evaluated the contributions of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in NR1I2 and cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19 alleles to clopidogrel resistance (CR) and long-term clinical outcomes in acute ischemic stroke (IS) patients. A total of 634 patients with acute IS were recruited, who received antiplatelet medication (clopidogrel or aspirin) every day and completed a 1-year follow-up. The selected SNPs were genotyped, and platelet function was measured. Modified Rankin Scale (mRS) scores and main adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCE) were noted to assess the prognosis. We showed that SNPs NR1I2 rs13059232 and CYP2C19 alleles (2*/3*) were related to CR. SNP NR1I2 (rs13059232) was identified as an independent risk factor for the long-term clinical outcomes in the clopidogrel cohorts (P < 0.001), but similar results were not observed in a matched aspirin cohort (P > 0.05). Our results suggest that NR1I2 variant (rs13059232) could serve as biomarker for clopidogrel therapy and individualized antiplatelet medications in the treatment of acute IS patients. FAU - Chen, Yi-Bei
Updating the Evidence of the Interaction Between Clopidogrel and CYP2C19-Inhibiting Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors: A Cohort Study and Meta-Analysis.$$$ INTRODUCTION: We previously found that patients who initiate clopidogrel while treated with a cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19-inhibiting selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) have a higher risk of subsequent ischemic events than patients treated with other SSRIs. It is not known whether initiating an inhibiting SSRI while treated with clopidogrel will also increase risk of ischemic events. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess clinical outcomes following initiation of a CYP2C19-inhibiting SSRI versus initiation of other SSRIs among patients treated with clopidogrel and to update existing evidence on the clinical impact of clopidogrel-SSRI interaction. METHODS: Using five US databases (1998-2013), we conducted a cohort study of clopidogrel initiators who encountered treatment with SSRI during their clopidogrel therapy. Patients were matched by propensity score (PS) and followed for as long as they were exposed to both clopidogrel and index SSRI group. Outcomes were a composite ischemic event (myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, or a revascularization procedure, whichever came first) and a composite major bleeding event (gastrointestinal bleed or hemorrhagic stroke, whichever came first). Results were combined via random-effects meta-analysis with previous evidence from subjects initiating clopidogrel while on SSRI therapy. RESULTS: The PS-matched cohort comprised 2346 clopidogrel users starting CYP2C19-inhibiting SSRI therapy and 16,115 starting other SSRIs (mean age 61 years; 59% female). Compared with those treated with a non-inhibiting SSRI, the hazard ratio (HR) for patients treated with a CYP2C19-inhibiting SSRI was 1.07 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.82-1.40) for the ischemic outcome and 1.00 (95% CI 0.42-2.36) for bleeding. The pooled estimates were 1.11 (95% CI 1.01-1.22) for ischemic events and 0.80 (95% CI 0.55-1.18) for bleeding. CONCLUSIONS: We observed similar estimates of association between the two studies. The updated evidence still indicates a small decrease in clopidogrel effectiveness associated with concomitant exposure to clopidogrel and CYP2C19-inhibiting SSRIs. FAU - Bykov, Katsiaryna
Influence of cytochrome P450 polymorphisms on the antiplatelet effects of prasugrel in patients with non-cardioembolic stroke previously treated with clopidogrel.$$$ This randomized double-blind crossover study aimed to investigate the influence of cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19 polymorphisms on the antiplatelet effects of prasugrel in patients with non-cardioembolic stroke treated with clopidogrel. Patients received clopidogrel 75 mg/day for > 4 weeks. Subsequently, patients received prasugrel 3.75 mg/day (group A; n = 64) or 2.5 mg/day (group B; n = 65) for 4 weeks followed by a 4 week switched-dose regimen. To assess the influence of CYP2C19 polymorphisms, patients were classified as extensive metabolizers (EMs), intermediate metabolizers (IMs), and poor metabolizers (PMs). The primary endpoint was P2Y(12) reaction units (PRU) at the end of each 4 week treatment. A significant reduction in PRU was noted after treatment with prasugrel 3.75 mg/day compared with the pre-dose value (after treatment with clopidogrel) (p < 0.0001). By CYP2C19 phenotypes, a significant reduction in PRU was noted in IMs and PMs after treatment with prasugrel 3.75 mg/day and in PMs after treatment with prasugrel 2.5 mg/day, as compared with the pre-dose value (p < 0.0001). The plasma concentration of the active metabolite of clopidogrel was relatively low in PMs compared to EMs and IMs; prasugrel was similar across all CYP2C19 phenotypes. No major or clinically significant hemorrhagic adverse events occurred. By CYP2C19 phenotype, the antiplatelet effects of prasugrel were greater with 3.75 mg/day in IMs and PMs, and with 2.5 mg/day in PMs compared with clopidogrel 75 mg/day, without safety concerns. CYP2C19 polymorphisms did not affect the plasma concentration of the active metabolite of prasugrel or its antiplatelet effects. (JapicCTI-101044). FAU - Kitazono, Takanari
The CYP2C19 genotype does not impact the long-term prognosis of patients with coronary artery disease.$$$ BACKGROUND: Cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19 plays a key role in clopidogrel activation and thus impacts the clinical outcome of patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). However, the majority of patients with CAD gradually discontinue clopidogrel after one year of discharge. This study explored whether the CYP2C19 gene polymorphism was associated with clinical events in patients with CAD after one year of discharge. METHOD: Between July 2008 and July 2009, 506 patients with CAD that was confirmed by coronary angiography were enrolled in this study, and their CYP2C19 genotype was determined. The primary endpoint events included cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction and nonfatal stroke. The secondary endpoint events included the components of the primary endpoint events, all-cause mortality and recurrent revascularisation. RESULT: The baseline clinical characteristics of CYP2C19*2-mutation carriers (homozygous *2/*2, n = 49; heterozygous *1/*2, n = 222) and non-carriers (wild-type allele *1/*1, n = 235) were comparable. The follow-up results showed that the incidence of adverse cardiovascular events within one year of discharge was significantly higher in carriers of the CYP2C19*2 homozygous genotype (*2/*2) than non-carriers (12.24% vs. 3.83%, adjusted hazard ratio (HR) 4.651, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.566-13.814, p = 0.006). However, the follow-up results after one year of discharge showed that the risk of the CYP2C19*2 homozygous genotype were significantly reduced. New primary endpoint events during the second year after discharge had no significant correlation with the CYP2C19 genotype. CONCLUSION: The risk of cardiovascular events in CAD patients with a homozygous CYP2C19*2 mutation was significantly higher than in other patients within the first year after discharge. However, the adverse impact of the CYP2C19*2 polymorphism was significantly reduced after one year of discharge.
Third-Generation P2Y12 Inhibitors in East Asian Acute Myocardial Infarction Patients: A Nationwide Prospective Multicentre Study.$$$ Third-generation P2Y(12) inhibitors (prasugrel, ticagrelor) are recommended in acute myocardial infarction (AMI). We aimed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of third-generation P2Y(12) inhibitors in East Asian AMI patients. From the Korean AMI Registry, 9,355 patients who received dual antiplatelet agent (aspirin with clopidogrel [AC], 6,444 [70.5%] patients; aspirin with prasugrel [AP], 1,100 [11.8%] patients; or aspirin with ticagrelor [AT], 1,811 [19.4%] patients) were analysed. In-hospital endpoints were all-cause mortality or bleeding events during admission and 1-year endpoints were major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCE) and major bleeding events. Regarding in-hospital events, AP and AT showed similar all-cause mortality rates but higher bleeding event rates compared with AC. This trend was extended to 1-year endpoints; Cox regression analysis showed that third-generation P2Y(12) inhibitors had significantly higher bleeding risk (AP vs. AC: hazard ratio [HR], 2.14; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.53-2.99; p < 0.001; AT vs. AC: HR, 2.26; 95% CI, 1.73-2.95; p < 0.001). A propensity score matched triplet of 572 patients showed similar 1-year MACCE and higher bleeding events with third-generation P2Y(12) inhibitors (2.1 vs. 2.6 vs. 2.1%, p = 0.790 for MACCE and 3.1 vs. 8.0 vs. 8.0%, p < 0.001 for bleeding events, in AC, AP and AT groups, respectively). Inverse probability weighted regression analysis and pooled analysis after randomly imputing missing variables showed consistent results. Collectively, prasugrel and ticagrelor showed similar rates of 1-year MACCE, but a higher rate of bleeding events, compared with clopidogrel in Korean AMI patients. Further studies are warranted to adapt Western guidelines on third-generation P2Y(12) inhibitors for East Asians.
Real-World Use of Novel P2Y12 Inhibitors in Patients with Acute Myocardial Infarction: A Treatment Paradox.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the real-world use, clinical outcomes, and adherence to novel P2Y12 inhibitors. METHODS: We evaluated 1,093 consecutive acute myocardial infarction patients undergoing a percutaneous intervention. Patients were derived from a prospective, multicenter, nationwide registry and were followed for 30 days; 381 patients (35%) received clopidogrel, 468 (43%) received prasugrel, and 244 (22%) received ticagrelor. Patients treated with clopidogrel were older and more likely to suffer from chronic renal failure and stroke and/or present with non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) (p < 0.01 for all). Independent predictors of undertreatment with novel P2Y12 inhibitors included: older age (OR 0.17; 95% CI 0.1-0.27, p < 0.0001), a prior stroke (OR 0.41; 95% CI 0.2-0.68, p = 0.008), and NSTEMI (OR 0.37; 95% CI 0.26-0.54, p < 0.0001). RESULTS: Novel P2Y12 inhibitors were associated with a lower incidence of cardiovascular events, major bleeding, and/or death (7.6 vs.11%, HR 0.67; 95% CI 0.43-1, p = 0.05). However, after a multivariate analysis this trend was not statistically significant. Patients discharged with ticagrelor versus thienopyridines demonstrated a higher rate of crossover to other P2Y12 inhibitors (11 vs. 5%, p = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: In a real-world cohort, there was an underutilization of novel P2Y12 inhibitors which was more pronounced in higher-risk subsets that might benefit from novel P2Y12 inhibitors at least as much as other patients.
Influence of Genetic and Epigenetic Factors of P2Y(12) Receptor on the Safety and Efficacy of Antiplatelet Drugs.$$$ PURPOSE: P2Y(12) receptor inhibitors are drugs that decrease the risk of stent thrombosis and lower the long-term risk of non-stent-related myocardial infarction and stroke. They inhibit the binding of adenosine diphosphate (ADP) to the P2Y(12) receptor and effectively reduce platelet reactivity. However, considerable variability in the pharmacodynamics response contributes to a failure of antiplatelet therapy; this phenomenon is especially notorious for older drugs, such as clopidogrel. Some genetic polymorphisms associated with these drugs' metabolic pathway, especially in the CYP2C19 gene, can significantly decrease antiplatelet efficacy. There are few reports on the variability stemming from the target of this drug class that is the P2Y(12) receptor itself. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: This review summarizes the results of research that focus on the influence of P2Y(12) genetic polymorphisms on the pharmacodynamics and the efficacy of P2Y(12) inhibitors. We found that the conclusions of the studies are unequivocal, and despite several strong candidates, such as G52T (rs6809699) or T744C (rs2046934), they may not be independent predictors of the inadequate response to the drug. Most probably, P2Y(12) genetic polymorphisms contribute to the effect exerted by other gene variants (such as CYP2C19*2/*3/*17), drug interactions, or patient habits, such as smoking. Also, epigenetic modifications, such as methylation or miRNA levels, may play a role in the efficacy of antiplatelet treatment.
Effect of genetic variations on ticagrelor plasma levels and clinical outcomes.$$$ AIMS: Ticagrelor, a direct-acting P2Y12-receptor antagonist, is rapidly absorbed and partly metabolized to the major metabolite AR-C124910XX (ARC). To identify single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with pharmacokinetics of ticagrelor and clinical outcomes, we performed a genome-wide association study (GWAS) in patients treated with ticagrelor in the PLATO trial. METHODS AND RESULTS: A two-stage design was used for the GWAS with discovery (discovery phase: n = 1812) and replication cohorts (replication phase: n = 1941). The steady-state area under the curve (AUCss) values, estimated by the population pharmacokinetic (PK) models, were log transformed and analysed on a genome-wide scale using linear regression. SNPs were analysed against clinical events using Cox-regression in 4990 patients. An SNP (rs113681054) in SLCO1B1 was associated with levels of ticagrelor (P = 1.1 × 10(-6)) and ARC (P = 4.6 × 10(-13)). This SNP is in linkage disequilibrium with a functional variant (rs4149056) that results in decreased OATP1B1 transporter activity. Ticagrelor levels were also associated with two independent SNPs (rs62471956, P = 7.7 × 10(-15) and rs56324128, P = 9.7 × 10(-12)) in the CYP3A4 region. Further, ARC levels were associated with rs61361928 (P = 3.0 × 10(-14)) in UGT2B7. At all loci, the effects were small. None of the identified SNPs that affected ticagrelor PK were associated with the primary composite outcome (cardiovascular death myocardial infarction, and stroke), non-CABG-related bleeds or investigator-reported dyspnoea. CONCLUSION: In patients with ACS, ticagrelor pharmacokinetics is influenced by three genetic loci (SLCO1B1, UGT2B7, and CYP3A4). However, the modest genetic effects on ticagrelor plasma levels did not translate into any detectable effect on efficacy or safety during ticagrelor treatment. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT00391872.
A comparison of three platelet function tests in ischemic stroke patients with antiplatelet therapy.$$$ Predicting the effectiveness of antiplatelet drugs is critical to precision antiplatelet therapy. However, there is a lack of an acceptable method, although there are a variety of methods for detecting platelet function. In this study, we compared three major platelet function tests to assess their performance and found better methods for platelet function evaluation after aspirin or clopidogrel treatment in ischemic stroke patients by comparative study. A total of 249 ischemic stroke patients were enrolled who were treated with aspirin or clopidogrel or both. Three platelet function tests including light transmittance aggregometry (LTA), thromboelastography (TEG), platelet function analyzer (PFA) were performed as well as CYP2C19 genotype determination. Correlation analyses and kappa statistics were used. All three methods were effective in evaluating aspirin function. However, only LTA and TEG had good correlation and consistency (r = -0.37, kappa = 0.634). TEG-ADP was the least sensitive for clopidogrel, as the platelet inhibition ratio did not differ between the clopidogrel-user group and the control (P = 0.074), while LTA and PFA were sensitive (P ＜ 0.001). Correlations between platelet assays were poor for clopidogrel (the absolute value of r range from 0.13 to 0.35) and so was the agreement (Kappa from 0.232 to 0.314). LTA and PFA have a good correlation with CYP2C19 genotyping (P = 0.034 and 0.014). In conclusion, all three tests were able to evaluate aspirin effect, LTA-AA and TEG-AA had a good correlation. TEG perform badly for clopidogrel effect detection. The fair-to-modest agreement among assays indicated further study was indispensable.
Risk of major adverse cardiovascular events of CYP2C19 loss-of-function genotype guided prasugrel/ticagrelor vs clopidogrel therapy for acute coronary syndrome patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis.$$$ The most effective antiplatelet treatments for acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients carrying CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LoF) alleles undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) is still debating and conflicting. It was aimed to compare the efficacy and safety endpoints for these patients treated with alternative P2Y12 receptor blockers (e.g. prasugrel or ticagrelor) against clopidogrel. Literature was searched in PubMed, Cochrane library, Synapse and 1000 Genomes databases following PRISMA guidelines for identifying relevant studies. Aggregated risk was estimated by RevMan software using either fixed/random-effects models where P values<0.05 (two-sided) were considered statistically significant. Nine studies comprising 16,132 ACS patients undergoing PCI were included in this analysis in which 2,746 and 2,640 patients were in the CYP2C19 LoF clopidogrel and alternatives treatment group, respectively. It was demonstrated that patients treated with prasugrel or ticagrelor significantly reduced the risk of MACEs (RR 0.58; 95% CI 0.45-0.76; P<0.0001) as compared to patients with clopidogrel where both groups carrying CYP2C19 LoF alleles. Subgroup analysis showed that prasugrel or ticagrelor significantly reduced the risk of cardiovascular death (RR 0.44; 95% CI: 0.25-0.74; P=0.002) and MI (RR 0.60; 95% CI: 0.44-0.81; P=0.0008) while other clinical outcomes were not found statistically significant between these two groups; stroke (RR 0.77; 95% CI: 0.43-1.38; P =0.39), stent thrombosis (RR 0.67; 95% CI: 0.38-1.18; P =0.17), unstable angina (RR 0.55; 95% CI: 0.13-2.33; P =0.42), revascularisation (RR 0.79; 95% CI: 0.28-2.24; P=0.66). Bleeding events were not found significantly different between these groups (RR 1.06; 95% CI: 0.88-1.28; P=0.55). Considering efficacy and safety, alternative antiplatelets (e.g. prasugrel or ticagrelor) may be regarded as better treatment option as compared to clopidogrel for ACS patients undergoing PCI. FAU - Biswas, Mohitosh
Safety and efficacy of ticagrelor for neuroendovascular procedures. A single center initial experience.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Although platelet response testing is controversial, up to one-third of neuroendovascular patients are 'resistant' to clopidogrel and are at risk for in stent thrombotic complications and may require alternative antiplatelet therapy. Ticagrelor is a new reversible ADP P2Y12 platelet receptor inhibitor with no known resistance. We describe the clinical experience with ticagrelor for neuroendovascular procedures as an alternative in clopidogrel P2Y12 platelet resistant patients. METHODS: We reviewed our cerebrovascular database for all patients who were non-responders to clopidogrel, defined as P2Y12% inhibition <30%, despite repeat clopidogrel loading dose of at least 600 mg, and who were then administered ticagrelor. RESULTS: 18 patients were non-responders to clopidogrel; 10 (56%) were men, eight (44%) were women, with a median age of 61 years (range 38-84). All patients received loading doses of at least 600 mg of clopidogrel and showed P2Y12 levels below 20% prior to ticagrelor administration. Patients were loaded with 180 mg of ticagrelor, and all but one patient showed an initial P2Y12 response above 60%. 11 patients underwent stenting, two underwent coiling, and five underwent treatment by pipeline embolization device. No patient experienced any adverse effects in the postoperative period related to the use of ticagrelor. CONCLUSIONS: Ticagrelor offers an effective alternative to clopidogrel non-responders. All of our patients showed immediate platelet inhibition after a loading dose of 180 mg of ticagrelor, with no adverse effects. The cost of medication, patient compliance (twice a day doses), and reversible inhibition should be taken into consideration when using ticagrelor. FAU - Hanel, Ricardo A
Interaction of CYP2C19, P2Y12, and GPIIIa Variants Associates With Efficacy of Clopidogrel and Adverse Events on Patients With Ischemic Stroke.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Clopidogrel is a clinically important oral antiplatelet agent for the treatment or prevention of cerebrovascular disease. However, different individuals have different sensitivities to clopidogrel. This study assessed variants of different genes for association with response to clopidogrel, clinical outcome, and side effects in patients with ischemic stroke (IS). METHODS: We consecutively enrolled 375 patients with IS after they received clopidogrel therapy, and venous blood samples were subjected to genotyping allelic variants of genes modulating clopidogrel absorption (ATP binding cassette subfamily B1, ABCB1), metabolic activation (cytochrome P450[CYP] 3A and CYP2C19), and biologic activity (platelet membrane receptor [ P2Y12, P2Y1)], and glycoprotein IIIa [ GPIIIa]) and statistically analyzing their interactions with clopidogrel sensitivity (CS) and adverse events, risk of IS recurrence, myocardial infarction, and death during 6 months of follow-up. RESULTS: Adverse events occurred in 37 patients (31 had IS recurrence, 4 died, and 2 had myocardial infarction) during the first 6 months of follow-up. Single locus analysis showed that only the CYP2C19*2(rs4244285) variant was independently associated with CS and risk of adverse events after adjusting covariates. However, there was significant gene-gene interaction among CYP2C19*2(rs4244285), P2Y12(rs16863323), and GPIIIa (rs2317676) analyzed by generalized multifactor dimensionality reduction methods. The rate of adverse events among patients with the 3-loci interaction was 2.82 times the rate among those with no interaction (95% confidence interval: 2.04-8.63). CONCLUSION: Sensitivity of patients with IS to clopidogrel and clopidogrel-induced adverse clinical events may be multifactorial but is not determined by single gene polymorphisms. FAU - Yi, Xingyang
Antiplatelet Therapy in ACS Patients: Comparing Appropriate P2Y12 Inhibition by Clopidogrel to the Use of New P2Y12 Inhibitors.$$$ AIM: In percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI)-treated acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients on clopidogrel therapy, high on-treatment platelet adenosine diphosphate (ADP) reactivity was observed in numerous studies, with significant increases in non-fatal myocardial infarction, definite/probable stent thrombosis, or cardiovascular mortality. Compared to clopidogrel, prasugrel and ticagrelor provide more potent platelet inhibition. Whether new P2Y12 inhibitors reduce thrombotic events in a similar manner compared to the rate observed with appropriate P2Y12 inhibition by clopidogrel must still be determined. This study sought to compare long-term outcomes between clopidogrel responders (platelet reactivity index [PRI] vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein [VASP] ＜61%) and patients under prasugrel or ticagrelor therapy following PCI-treated ACS. METHODS: 730 ACS patients undergoing urgent PCI were prospectively enrolled into two groups: clopidogrel responders (n=448) and those under ticagrelor or prasugrel therapy (n=282). The primary endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, and stroke; the secondary endpoint comprised major hemorrhagic events. RESULTS: The median follow-up was 260±186 days. Clopidogrel patients were older and more likely to present non-ST segment elevation myocardial infarction, cardiovascular risk factors, atrial fibrillation, or prior vascular disease. After propensity score matching, the primary endpoint was met in 7.1% of the clopidogrel group and 4.1% of the prasugrel/ticagrelor group (p=0.43). Minor bleeding events were significantly reduced in the clopidogrel group (1.1% vs. 3%; p=0.03). In a multivariate analysis, the antiplatelet treatment strategy was not an independent primary endpoint predictor. CONCLUSION: In PCI-treated ACS patients, clopidogrel therapy and PRI VASP ＜61% were not associated with increased risks of thrombotic events compared to prasugrel or ticagrelor therapy. FAU - Ristorto, Jessica
Impact of CYP2C19 Genotype Status on Clinical Outcomes in Patients with Symptomatic Coronary Artery Disease, Stroke, and Peripheral Arterial Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel is widely used for the secondary prevention of atherothrombotic events in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD), ischemic stroke, and peripheral arterial disease (PAD). CYP2C19 plays a pivotal role in the conversion of clopidogrel to its active metabolite. Clopidogrel-treated carriers of a CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele (LOF) may have a higher risk of new atherothrombotic events. Previous studies on genotype-guided treatment were mainly performed in CAD and showed mixed results. PURPOSE: To simultaneously investigate the impact of CYP2C19 genotype status on the rate of atherothrombotic events in the most common types of atherosclerotic disease (CAD, stroke, PAD). METHODS: A comprehensive search in Pubmed, EMBASE, and MEDLINE from their inception to July 23rd 2023 was performed. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing genotype-guided and standard antithrombotic treatment, and cohort studies and post hoc analyses of RCTs concerning the association between CYP2C19 genotype status and clinical outcomes in clopidogrel-treated patients were included. The primary efficacy endpoint was major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) and the safety end point major bleeding. Secondary endpoints were myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, and ischemic stroke. RESULTS: Forty-four studies were identified: 11 studies on CAD, 29 studies on stroke, and 4 studies on PAD. In CAD, genotype-guided therapy significantly reduced the risk of MACE [risk ratio (RR) 0.60, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.43-0.83], myocardial infarction (RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.42-0.68), and stent thrombosis (RR 0.64, 95% CI 0.43-0.94), compared with standard antithrombotic treatment. The rate of major bleeding did not differ significantly (RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.70-1.23). Most RCTs were performed in patients after percutaneous coronary intervention (9/11). In stroke, LOF carriers had a significantly higher risk of MACE (RR 1.61, 95% CI 1.25-2.08) and recurrent ischemic stroke (RR 1.89, 95% CI 1.48-2.40) compared with non-carriers. No significant differences were found in major bleeding (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.43-1.89). In the 6955 patients with symptomatic PAD treated with clopidogrel in the EUCLID trial, no differences in MACE or major bleeding were found between LOF carriers and non-carriers. In three smaller studies on patients with PAD treated with clopidogrel after endovascular therapy, CYP2C19 genotype status was significantly associated with atherothrombotic events. CONCLUSIONS: Genotype-guided treatment significantly decreased the rate of atherothrombotic events in patients with CAD, especially after PCI. In patients with history of stroke, LOF carriers treated with clopidogrel had a higher risk of MACE and recurrent stroke. The available evidence in PAD with regard to major adverse limb events is too limited to draw meaningful conclusions. REGISTRATION: PROSPERO identifier no. CRD42020220284.
Impact of Glycemic Control on Efficacy of Clopidogrel in Transient Ischemic Attack or Minor Stroke Patients With CYP2C19 Genetic Variants.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Dysglycemia may influence the predictive value of CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele for clinical efficacy of antiplatelet drug, but the role of glycated albumin (GA) remains unclear in patients with stroke on antiplatelet drugs. METHODS: The CHANCE trial (Clopidogrel in High-Risk Patients With Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events) included 2933 patients who had GA levels and CYP2C19 genotyping. Cox proportional hazards model was used to assess the interaction between CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele (*2, *3) carrier status and the effect of antiplatelet therapy based on their GA levels. RESULTS: There was significant interaction between carrier status and antiplatelet therapy regimen on the risk of recurrent stroke (P=0.03) in patients with GA levels of ≤15.5%, but not in those with GA levels of >15.5% (P=0.48). Only in noncarriers with low GA levels, dual-antiplatelet therapy reduced stroke recurrence (3.5%) compared with those on aspirin alone (14.7%; hazard ratio, 0.23; 95% confidence interval, 0.10-0.49; P<0.001). Similar effects were observed when examined the combined vascular event or ischemic stroke. No significant difference in bleeding was found among groups. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with minor stroke or high-risk transient ischemic attack, clopidogrel-aspirin when compared with aspirin alone reduced stroke recurrence only in noncarriers of CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele and normal GA levels. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT00979589.
Aspirin plus clopidogrel may reduce the risk of early neurologic deterioration in ischemic stroke patients carrying CYP2C19*2 reduced-function alleles.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The mechanisms of early neurologic deterioration (END) and prevention strategies for END are not completely understood. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between CYP2C19*2 variants and END, and the effectiveness of antiplatelet therapy for prevention of END according to CYP2C19*2 genotypes in patients with ischemic stroke (IS). MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a two-center, randomized controlled study. Between August 2009 and December 2011, 570 IS patients were randomly assigned to clopidogrel plus aspirin group (n = 284) or aspirin alone group (n = 286). Platelet aggregation and platelet-leukocyte aggregates were measured before and after 7-10 days of treatment. CYP2C19*2 (rs4244285) genotypes were examined using mass spectrometry. The primary outcome was END during the 10 days of admission. RESULTS: Among the 570 patients, 121 (21.2%) patients suffered from END. Carriers of CYP2C19*2 reduced-function alleles were associated with higher incidence of END (26.8% in carriers vs. 16.6% in noncarriers, P = 0.004). The incidence of END was lower in the clopidogrel plus aspirin group than in the aspirin alone group (17.6 vs. 24.8%, P = 0.032). Stratified analyses revealed that clopidogrel plus aspirin could be more effective in reducing END than aspirin alone for carriers of CYP2C19*2 reduced-function alleles (18.8 vs. 34.9%, P = 0.006). However, there was no significant difference in incidence of END between dual therapy group and monotherapy group for noncarriers (16.7 vs. 16.6%, P = 0.998). CONCLUSIONS: Dual therapy with clopidogrel and aspirin may be adequate for prevention of END in carriers of CYP2C19 reduced-function alleles, but not for noncarriers. Our findings may be useful to guide precise antiplatelet therapy, and decrease the risk of END. FAU - Yi, Xingyang
Platelet receptor Gene (P2Y12, P2Y1) and platelet glycoprotein Gene (GPIIIa) polymorphisms are associated with antiplatelet drug responsiveness and clinical outcomes after acute minor ischemic stroke.$$$ PURPOSE: Patients with minor ischemic stroke (MIS) are at high risk of recurrent ischemic stroke (RIS). The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of platelet receptor gene (P2Y12, P2Y1) and glycoprotein gene (GPIIIa) polymorphisms, as well as their interactions, on antiplatelet drug responsiveness and clinical outcomes in patients with acute MIS. METHODS: We prospectively enrolled 426 patients with acute MIS who had been receiving combined aspirin and clopidogrel treatment for at least 3 months. Prevalence of seven variants in P2Y12, P2Y1, and GPIIIa genes were examined using mass spectrometry. Gene-gene interactions were evaluated using generalized multifactor dimensionality reduction (GMDR) analysis. Antiplatelet drug responsiveness was assessed by platelet aggregation assay. All patients were followed for 90 days. Primary outcomes were defined as a composite of RIS, myocardial infarction (MI), and death. RESULTS: The incidence of primary outcomes was 10.8% (46/426; 40 had RIS, 2 died, and 4 had MI) during the first 90 days after stroke. No significant differences were found regarding genotype frequencies of the seven variants between those with and without incidence of primary outcomes. However, we observed significant gene-gene interaction between rs16863323 and rs2317676 polymorphisms. The high-risk interactive genotypes were independently associated with poor antiplatelet drug responsiveness and increased risk of primary outcomes. CONCLUSION: Responsiveness to antiplatelet drugs and the risks for adverse clinical events in this MIS cohort appear to be multifactorial since the outcomes were not mediated by single gene polymorphisms. FAU - Yi, Xingyang
Clopidogrel Resistance by P2Y12 Platelet Function Testing in Patients Undergoing Neuroendovascular Procedures: Incidence of Ischemic and Hemorrhagic Complications.$$$ PURPOSE: The purpose of the study was to assess clopidogrel resistance and whether "intensified" antiplatelet therapy guided by platelet inhibition tests during neuroendovascular procedures would reduce ischemic complications. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective review of patients at Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida, who underwent neuroendovascular (NV) procedures and had P2Y12 platelet function testing from October 1, 2009, to September 30, 2010. The primary end-point was to determine P2Y12 resistance to antiplatelet therapy in patients who underwent NV procedures. Secondary objectives included incidence of hemorrhagic and ischemic events and a correlation between resistance and genetic CYP2C19 testing. RESULTS: 160 patients underwent P2Y12 platelet function tests. Eighty-one patients (81/160, 50.6%) met inclusion criteria. Platelet function tests identified 64 patients (79%) as non-resistant (≥20% P2Y12 inhibition) and 17 (21%) as resistant (<20% inhibition) after initial clopidogrel loading. There was an increased rate of death when a complication occurred in the resistant group by 30 day (17% versus 3%; p=0.059) and 90 day follow-up (23% versus 4%; p=0.032). There was no significant association found between complication and loading dose (p=0.0721). CONCLUSIONS: 21% of patients undergoing NV procedures were resistant to clopidogrel. Intensifying antiplatelet therapy to achieve ≥20% inhibition on platelet function testing did not result in higher numbers of ischemic or hemorrhagic events, but there was a trend toward more death in the resistant group by 30 and 90 days of those experiencing complication(s). AUTHOR JUSTIFICATIONS: Jerah D. Nordeen, Pharm.D.: Primary author Alden V. Patel, Pharm.D.: Contributor of professional content, study design Robert M. Darracott, Pharm.D.: Contributor of professional content, study design Gretchen S. Johns, M.D.: Contributor of professional content, study design Philipp Taussky, M.D.: Contributor of professional content, study design Rabih G. Tawk, M.D.: Contributor of professional content, study design David A. Miller, M.D.: Contributor of professional content, study design William D. Freeman, M.D.: Contributor of professional content, study design Ricardo A. Hanel, MD, PhD: Contributor of professional content, study design. LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS: (NV)neuroendovascular(CYP)cytochrome P-450(PPI)proton pump inhibitors(PCI)percutaneous coronary intervention. LIST OF COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS: Aspirin (Acetylsalicylic Acid) (Bayer Corp, Morristown, NJ, USA) Clopidogrel (Plavix®) (Bristol Myers Squibb/Sanofi Pharmaceuticals, Princeton, NJ, USA) VerifyNow® (Accumetrics Inc., San Diego, CA, USA) Ticlopidine (Ticlid®) (Roche Laboratories, Basel, Switzerland) Prasugrel (Effient®) (Eli Lilly & Co., Indianapolis, IN, USA) Eptifibatide (Integrilin®) (Merck & Co., Inc., Whitehouse Station, NJ, USA) Abciximab (Reopro®) (Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Titusville, NJ, USA) Tirofiban (Aggrastat®) (MGI Pharma, Inc., Bloomington, MN, USA) Pantoprazole (Protonix®) (Pfizer Inc., New York, NY, USA) Omeprazole (Prilosec®) (Procter and Gamble Pharmaceuticals, Mason, OH, USA) Famotidine (Pepcid®) (McNeil Consumer & Specialty Pharmaceuticals, Fort Washington, PA, USA) Ticagrelor (Brilinta®) (AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals, Wilmington, NC, USA). FAU - Nordeen, Jerah D
Effect of ticagrelor with clopidogrel on high on-treatment platelet reactivity in acute stroke or transient ischemic attack (PRINCE) trial: Rationale and design.$$$ Rationale and aim Little is known about the safety and efficacy of the combination of ticagrelor and aspirin in acute ischemic stroke. This study aimed to evaluate whether the combination of ticagrelor and aspirin was superior to that of clopidogrel and aspirin in reducing the 90-day high on-treatment platelet reactivity for acute minor stroke or transient ischemic attack, especially for carriers of cytochrome P450 2C19 loss-of-function allele. Sample size and design This study was designed as a prospective, multicenter, randomized, open-label, active-controlled, and blind-endpoint, phase II b trial. The required sample size was 952 patients. It was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02506140). Study outcomes The primary outcome was the proportion of patients with high on-treatment platelet reactivity at 90 days. High on-treatment platelet reactivity is defined as the P2Y12 reaction unit >208 measured using the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay. Conclusion The Platelet Reactivity in Acute Non-disabling Cerebrovascular Events study explored whether ticagrelor combined with aspirin could reduce further the proportion of patients with high on-treatment platelet reactivity at 90 days after acute minor stroke or transient ischemic attack compared with clopidogrel and aspirin. FAU - Wang, Yilong
Reduced clopidogrel metabolism in a multiethnic population: prevalence and rates of recurrent cerebrovascular events.$$$ BACKGROUND: Concern has recently been raised over the possibility of a reduced efficacy of clopidogrel because of genetic variations in cytochrome P450, family 2, subfamily C, polypeptide 19 (CYP2C19) metabolism. A black box warning from the US Food and Drug Administration recommends that all patients be tested. It has been estimated that approximately 3% (range 2-14%) of the population are poor metabolizers, but few data are available for cerebrovascular patients. The objective of this study is to evaluate the frequency and effects of variability in CYP2C19 metabolism in patients with cerebrovascular disease. METHODS: A retrospective review of all patients with stroke and transient ischemic attack (TIA) tested for the clopidogrel CYP2C19 genotype was performed, with a collection of data including race/ethnicity, CYP2C19 status, and the presence of recurrent vascular events. RESULTS: A total of 53 cerebrovascular patients were tested, consisting of 5.7% poor (n = 3), 26.4% intermediate (n = 14), 62.3% extensive (n = 33), 3.8% indeterminate (n = 2), and 1.9% "mixed ultra rapid and poor" (n = 1) metabolizers. Only 10 of 38 white patients (26.3%; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.14-0.42) were intermediate or poor metabolizers, compared with 7 of 15 (46.7%; 95% CI 0.25-0.70) nonwhites. Of 43 patients treated with clopidogrel, 3 of 27 extensive metabolizers (11.1%; 95% CI 0.04-0.28) had recurrent cerebrovascular events compared with 33.3% of intermediate metabolizers (4/12; 95% CI 0.14-0.61) and 50% of poor metabolizers (1/2; 95% CI 0.09-0.90). CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that the proportion of poor/intermediate clopidogrel metabolizers in cerebrovascular patients is comparable to cardiovascular studies and these patients may have an increased risk of recurrent cerebrovascular events. Routine CYP2C19 testing may be warranted.
Evaluation of the incremental prognostic value of the combination of CYP2C19 poor metabolizer status and ABCB1 3435 TT polymorphism over conventional risk factors for cardiovascular events after drug-eluting stent implantation in East Asians.$$$ PURPOSE: We evaluated the incremental prognostic value of combining the CYP2C19 poor metabolizer (PM) and ABCB1 3435 TT for adverse clinical outcomes over conventional risk factors in a percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) cohort. METHODS: We enrolled 2,188 patients. The primary end point was a composite of death from any cause, nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI), and stroke during 1-year follow-up. The population was stratified into the following four groups: CYP2C19 EM/IM+ABCB1 3435 CC/CT, CYP2C19 EM/IM+ABCB1 3435 TT, CYP2C19 PM+ABCB1 3435 CC/CT, and CYP2C19 PM+ABCB1 3435 TT. RESULTS: A total of 87 (3.97%) primary end-point events occurred (64 deaths, 8 non-fatal MIs and 15 strokes). Multivariate Cox analysis indicated that CYP2C19 PM+ABCB1 3435 TT status was a significant predictor of the primary end point (hazard ratio = 4.51, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.92-10.58). However, addition of combined genetic status to the clinical risk model did not improve the model discrimination (C-statistic = 0.786 (95% CI = 0.734-0.837) to 0.785 (95% CI = 0.733-0.838)) or risk reclassification (categorical net reclassification improvement (0.040, P = 0.32), integrated discrimination improvement (0.021, P = 0.026)). CONCLUSIONS: In a real-world East Asian PCI population taking clopidogrel, although the concurrent presence of CYP2C19 PM and ABCB1 TT is a strong independent predictor of adverse outcomes, the combined status of two at-risk variants does not have an incremental prognostic value beyond that of the conventional clinical risk factors.Genet Med 18 8, 833-841. FAU - Park, Mahn-Won
Influence of CYP2C19 genotype on antiplatelet treatment outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with coronary heart disease.$$$ The aim of the study was to compare the clinical efficacy and safety of ticagrelor and clopidogrel in patients with coronary heart disease one year after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), and to explore their association with the CYP2C19 gene polymorphism. A total of 971 patients with coronary heart disease who were hospitalized and underwent PCI from April 2016 to May 2017 were studied. All 971 patients were divided into three subgroups according to CYP2C19 gene types as fast metabolizing, slow metabolizing and very slow metabolizing type. Patients were also classified according to the oral antiplatelet aggregation drugs they received: clopidogrel group and ticagrelor group. The incidence of major adverse cardiac events (MACE) and bleeding events in the clopidogrel-treated and ticagrelor-treated groups and in patients with fast, slow, and very slow CYP2C19 metabolisms were compared. Binary logistic regression analysis was carried out to analyze the risk factors associated with MACEs and hemorrhagic events. Patients on ticagrelor had a greater number of bleeding complications compared to those on clopidogrel (P<0.001), with no difference in MACE between the two groups (P=0.399). The incidence of MACE was significantly higher in very slow metabolizing patients receiving clopidogrel (P<0.001) while the incidence of bleeding complications was significantly higher in fast metabolizing patients receiving ticagrelor (P<0.001). The regression analysis revealed that the CYP2C19 gene mutation, a dual-antiplatelet therapy, and a stroke history were all significantly associated with MACE. By contrast, a dual-antiplatelet therapy and a stroke history were significantly associated with bleeding events. Findings of the present study indicated that clopidogrel and ticagrelor were equally efficacious post-PCI. Efficacy of clopidogrel was reduced in patients with very slow CYP2C19 genotype while bleeding complications were higher in patients with fast CYP2C19 genotype receiving ticagrelor. CYP2C19 genotyping may be used to provide guidance to optimize individual antiplatelet treatment.
Baseline platelet parameters for predicting early platelet response and clinical outcomes in patients with non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke treated with clopidogrel.$$$ PURPOSE: The present study investigated whether routine baseline platelet parameters(BPPs) detected before clopidogrel therapy in acute non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke(NCIS) could predict early platelet response and future clinical outcomes. RESULTS: The CYP2C19 polymorphisms constituted independent risk factors for LCR. The number of female patients, the incidence of diabetes mellitus (DM), the level of low-density lipoprotein(LDL) cholesterol, and the neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio(NLR) were significantly high in the clinical clopidogrel resistance (CCR) group. However, none of the BPPs had a significant association with laboratory clopidogrel resistance (LCR) or discriminated with the cut-off values regarding LCR or CCR. The patients were divided into two groups according to the average mean platelet volume(MPV) or platelet count(PC). We found that the HbA1c level, the number of female patients, and the CCR were higher in the groups with elevated MPV (≥ 10.6fL) and PC (≥ 235 × 10(9)/L); the LCR, the NIHSS score at discharge, and elevated MPV and PC were risk predictors for CCR. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This study included 196 patients with acute NCIS who underwent routine blood tests upon admission, were treated with clopidogrel, and were followed up for 6 months. Early platelet response was assessed and the CYP2C19 genetic variants were screened for. All participants were categorized into either laboratory clopidogrel resistance(LCR) or clinical clopidogrel resistance (CCR) groups. CONCLUSIONS: Elevated baseline MPV and PC before clopidogrel therapy, as well as CYP2C19 gene variants, should be included in a risk algorithm for NCIS. Furthermore, other nongenetic clinical risk factors should be assessed for optimal prediction of the risk for thrombotic events because of individual variability in platelet response to clopidogrel. FAU - Li, Wenxian
Evaluating the risk-benefit profile of the direct-acting P2Y(12) inhibitor ticagrelor in acute coronary syndromes.$$$ Ticagrelor is a direct-acting, oral, reversibly binding P2Y(12) receptor antagonist. As a cyclopentyltriazolopyrimidine, ticagrelor represents a new chemical class of agents that do not require metabolic activation and have consistent ability to inhibit platelet aggregation. The phase 3 PLATelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial (NCT00391872) evaluated ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel in 18 624 patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS), and demonstrated a significant reduction in the risk of death from vascular causes/myocardial infarction (MI)/stroke with ticagrelor (9.8% vs 11.7% with clopidogrel [hazard ratio, 0.84; 95% confidence interval, 0.77-0.92]; P < 0.001) without a significant increase in PLATO-defined major bleeding (11.6% vs 11.2%, respectively; P = 0.43). Myocardial infarction and death from vascular causes were separately significantly reduced, and death from any cause and stent thrombosis reductions achieved nominal statistical significance. Ticagrelor showed benefit over clopidogrel in almost all patient subgroups, including patients who had previously received clopidogrel, patients with both planned invasive or noninvasive treatment, patients with ST-segment elevation MI (STEMI) referred for primary percutaneous coronary intervention, patients with non-STEMI, and patients who underwent bypass surgery. Hence, the PLATO population reflected specifically those patients who would ordinarily receive thienopyridine-based antiplatelet therapy in a clinical setting. Although there are limitations in directly translating trial findings to clinical practice, the findings of PLATO suggest that for every 1000 ACS patients admitted to hospital, using ticagrelor instead of clopidogrel for 12 months would result in 14 fewer deaths or 11 fewer MIs. This review places the PLATO data in context, and assesses the role that ticagrelor may play in treating patients with ACS. FAU - Husted, Steen
Emergency reversal of antiplatelet agents in patients presenting with an intracranial hemorrhage: a clinical review.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Prehospital use of antiplatelet agents has been associated with an increased risk for intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) as well as a secondary increase in ICH volume after the initial hemorrhage. Strategies to reestablish platelet aggregation are used in clinical practice, but without any established guidelines or recommendations. This article serves to evaluate the literature regarding "reversal" of antiplatelet agents in neurosurgical populations. METHODS: PubMed and MEDLINE databases were searched for publications from 1966 to 2009 relating to intracranial hemorrhage and antiplatelet agents. The reference sections of recent articles, guidelines, and reviews were reviewed and pertinent articles identified. Studies were classified by two broad subsets: those describing intracranial hemorrhage relatable to a traumatic mechanism and those with a spontaneous intracranial hemorrhage. Two independent auditors recorded and analyzed study design and the reported outcome measures. RESULTS: For the spontaneous intracranial hemorrhage group, nine reports assessing antiplatelet effects on various outcome measures were identified. Eleven studies evaluating the use of prehospital antiplatelets before a traumatic intracranial hemorrhage were examined. CONCLUSION: The data assessing the relationship between outcome and prehospital antiplatelet agents in the setting of ICH is conflicting in both the trauma and the stroke literature. Only one retrospective review specifically addressed outcomes after attempted reversal with platelet transfusion. Further study is needed to determine whether platelet transfusion ameliorates hematoma enlargement and/or improves outcome in the setting of acute ICH.
von Willebrand factor antigen, von Willebrand factor propeptide and ADAMTS13 activity in TIA or ischaemic stroke patients changing antiplatelet therapy.$$$ Data are limited on the impact of commencing antiplatelet therapy on von Willebrand Factor Antigen (VWF:Ag) or von Willebrand Factor propeptide (VWFpp) levels and ADAMTS13 activity, and their relationship with platelet reactivity following TIA/ischaemic stroke. In this pilot, observational study, VWF:Ag and VWFpp levels and ADAMTS13 activity were quantified in 48 patients ≤4 weeks of TIA/ischaemic stroke (baseline), and 14 days (14d) and 90 days (90d) after commencing aspirin, clopidogrel or aspirin+dipyridamole. Platelet reactivity was assessed at moderately-high shear stress (PFA-100® Collagen-Epinephrine / Collagen-ADP / INNOVANCE PFA P2Y assays), and low shear stress (VerifyNow® Aspirin / P2Y12, and Multiplate® Aspirin / ADP assays). VWF:Ag levels decreased and VWFpp/VWF:Ag ratio increased between baseline and 14d and 90d in the overall population (P ≤ 0.03). In the clopidogrel subgroup, VWF:Ag levels decreased and VWFpp/VWF:Ag ratio increased between baseline and 14d and 90d (P ≤ 0.01), with an increase in ADAMTS13 activity between baseline vs. 90d (P ≤ 0.03). In the aspirin+dipyridamole subgroup, there was an inverse relationship between VWF:Ag and VWFpp levels with both PFA-100 C-ADP and INNOVANCE PFA P2Y closure times (CTs) at baseline (P ≤ 0.02), with PFA-100 C-ADP, INNOVANCE PFA P2Y and C-EPI CTs at 14d (P ≤ 0.05), and between VWF:Ag levels and PFA-100 INNOVANCE PFA P2Y CTs at 90d (P = 0.03). There was a positive relationship between ADAMTS13 activity and PFA-100 C-ADP CTs at baseline (R(2) = 0.254; P = 0.04). Commencing/altering antiplatelet therapy, mainly attributed to commencing clopidogrel in this study, was associated with decreasing endothelial activation following TIA/ischaemic stroke. These data enhance our understanding of the impact of VWF:Ag and VWFpp especially on ex-vivo platelet reactivity status at high shear stress after TIA/ischaemic stroke.
Ischemic and bleeding outcomes after coronary artery bypass grafting among patients initially treated with a P2Y(12) receptor antagonist for acute coronary syndromes: Insights on timing of discontinuation of ticagrelor and clopidogrel prior to surgery.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clinical outcomes in acute coronary syndrome patients treated with P2Y(12) inhibitors who require urgent coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) have not been well studied. METHODS: We examined clinical outcomes in acute coronary syndrome patients in relation to the timing of CABG following P2Y(12) inhibitor discontinuation (<72 h, 72 h to five days, >5 days). The primary ischemic outcome was a composite of death, reinfarction, need for revascularization, or stroke. The primary safety outcome was bleeding of at least moderate severity as defined by a Universal Definition of Perioperative Bleeding class ≥2. RESULTS: Among 508 patients (95 ticagrelor, 413 clopidogrel), the timing of CABG following P2Y(12) inhibitor discontinuation was <72 h in 32.1%, 72 h to five days in 23.2% and >5 days in 44.7%. Compared with CABG within 72 h, CABG 72 h to five days (adjusted odds ratio (OR) 0.35; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.14-0.85; p=0.02) but not >5 days (adjusted OR 0.62; 95% CI 0.33-1.16; p=0.14) after P2Y(12) inhibitor discontinuation was associated with lower odds of the primary ischemic outcome. Compared with CABG within 72 h, CABG 72 h to five days (adjusted OR 0.38; 95% CI 0.22-0.66; p=0.001) and >5 days (adjusted OR 0.33; 95% CI 0.20-0.53; p<0.001) after P2Y(12) inhibitor discontinuation were associated with lower rates of Universal Definition of Perioperative Bleeding class ≥2 bleeding. CONCLUSIONS: CABG within 72 h after P2Y(12) inhibitor discontinuation is associated with excess ischemia and bleeding. The rates of ischemic and bleeding events were comparable in patients undergoing CABG 72 h to five days compared with >5 days after P2Y(12) inhibitor discontinuation. FAU - Russo, Juan J
Protocol for the comparison of triflusal and clopidogrel in secondary prevention of stroke based on cytochrome P450 2C19 genotyping (MASETRO study): A multicenter, randomized, open-label, parallel-group trial.$$$ RATIONALE AND AIM: The antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel is reportedly influenced by cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) polymorphisms. However, there is no data concerning the relationship between stroke recurrence and CYP2C19 polymorphisms in patients treated with clopidogrel for secondary prevention of ischemic stroke. Triflusal may be an alternative therapy for clopidogrel in patients with poor genotype. The Comparison of Triflusal and Clopidogrel Effects in Secondary Prevention of Stroke Based on Cytochrome P450 2C19 Genotyping (MAESTRO) study will investigate the effect of antiplatelet agents based on CYP2C19 polymorphisms in secondary prevention of ischemic stroke. SAMPLE SIZE AND DESIGN: Assuming that 55% of patients belong to the poor genotype group, the required sample size is 1080 patients with at least 24 months of follow-up. This study is designed as a prospective, multicenter, randomized, parallel-group, open-label, and blind genotype trial. Patients who experience their first non-cardiogenic ischemic stroke within 30 days prior to screening are eligible. Patients received 300 mg triflusal twice a day or 75 mg clopidogrel once daily during the trial. The study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT01174693). STUDY OUTCOME: The primary outcome is recurrent ischemic stroke or hemorrhagic stroke. Secondary outcomes consist of composite major vascular events including stroke, myocardial infarction, coronary revascularization, or vascular death. DISCUSSION: Personalized medicine may be essential for patients according to individual drug metabolism abilities. MAESTRO is the first prospective study designed to evaluate the effect of CYP2C19 polymorphism in secondary stroke prevention and will resolve several questions regarding preventive antiplatelet agents for recurrent stroke.
High On-Treatment Platelet Reactivity in Danish Hyper-Acute Ischaemic Stroke Patients.$$$ Objective: Early anti-platelet therapy is a cornerstone in the prevention of recurrent ischaemic stroke (IS) and transient ischaemic attacks (TIAs), although the responsiveness to anti-platelet medications varies among patients. Several studies have reported that patients with ischaemic stroke who exhibit high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) 5-10 days after antiplatelet medication onset, have an increased risk of vascular events. In this study we aim to determine the prevalence of HTPR in the hyper-acute stroke phase less than 48 h from symptom onset, after the administration of a 300 mg bolus of oral clopidogrel in a real-world setting in Danish IS and TIA patients. Material and Methods: In total, 219 Danish patients with acute IS or TIA received 300 mg of oral clopidogrel on admission. Blood samples from all patients were analyzed using the VerifyNow P2Y12 system at 8-24 h after clopidogrel intake. Concomitant therapy and the intervals between ictus and blood collection, clopidogrel intake and blood collection, and blood sampling and analysis were recorded for all patients. Results: HTPR in the hyper-acute stroke phase was observed in 28.8% (63/219) samples. After adjustment for age, sex, co-morbidities, and co-medications, none of the tested variables exhibited an association with HTPR or the platelet reaction unit value measured using the VerifyNow P2Y12 system. Conclusions: The recognition of HTPR to specific anti-platelet agents in the hyper-acute phase after stroke may be the first step toward interventions that may further minimize the early recurrent stroke risk. Further large randomized trials including clinical outcome assessments are necessary. FAU - Rath, Charlotte L
Impact of CYP2C19 Metabolizer Status on Patients With ACS Treated With Prasugrel Versus Clopidogrel.$$$ BACKGROUND: Certain alleles of the CYP2C19 gene are associated with higher platelet reactivity and increased ischemic events among patients treated with clopidogrel. However, the relationship of CYP2C19 genotype and outcomes in medically managed patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) is not known. OBJECTIVES: This study sought to assess the effect of CYP2C19 genotype on ischemic outcomes in patients with ACS initially managed medically without revascularization who were randomized to either clopidogrel or prasugrel. METHODS: We classified patients as extensive metabolizers (EM) or reduced metabolizers (RM) based on CYP2C19 genotype and evaluated ischemic outcomes and platelet reactivity. Among 9,326 patients enrolled from 2008 to 2011, 5,736 participated in the genetics cohort; of these, 2,236 had platelet function testing data. RESULTS: There was no association between CYP2C19 metabolizer status (EM vs. RM) and the primary composite endpoint of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction (MI), or stroke (hazard ratio [HR]: 0.86). EM and RM patients had similar rates of the primary endpoint whether treated with prasugrel (HR: 0.82) or clopidogrel (HR: 0.91; p for interaction = 0.495). After adjusting for clinical and treatment variables, EM patients had a lower risk of MI versus RM patients (HR: 0.80), but risks of other outcomes were similar. RM patients had significantly higher mean P2Y12 reaction units versus EM patients when treated with clopidogrel (39.93), but not with prasugrel (3.87). CONCLUSIONS: CYP2C19 metabolizer status is not associated with the composite outcome of cardiovascular death, MI, or stroke in medically managed ACS patients treated with clopidogrel or prasugrel. Our findings do not support routine CYP2C19 genetic testing in this population. (A Comparison of Prasugrel and Clopidogrel in Acute Coronary Syndrome Subjects [TRILOGY ACS]; NCT00699998).
Concomitant Use of Proton Pump Inhibitors and Clopidogrel Is Not Associated with Adverse Outcomes after Ischemic Stroke in Chinese Population.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Conflicting data exist as to whether proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) diminish the efficacy of clopidogrel. We, therefore, assessed the effect of concomitant PPI use in ischemic stroke (IS) patients receiving clopidogrel. METHODS: We consecutively enrolled 535 IS patients receiving clopidogrel, 166 of whom were concomitantly taking PPIs. Platelet aggregation was measured before and after 7-10 days of treatment with clopidogrel. Single nucleotide polymorphisms of CYP3A4, CYP3A5, CYP2C19*2, and CYP2C19*3 were examined. The primary outcome was a composite of recurrent ischemic stroke (RIS), myocardial infarction (MI), and vascular death occurring during the 6-month follow-up. The secondary outcome was the modified Rankin Scale score at the end of follow-up. RESULTS: The primary outcome occurred in 45 patients and the frequency did not differ in patients with or without PPI treatment. The percentage inhibition of platelet aggregation and the frequency of clopidogrel resistance were similar between patients treated with or without PPIs after clopidogrel treatment. However, for patients carrying a reduced-function CYP2C19*2 (AG/AA genotype) or CYP3A5 (GG/AG genotype), the inhibition of platelet aggregation was significantly lower in patients treated with PPIs. Cox regression analysis showed that diabetes mellitus, clopidogrel resistance, CYP2C19*2 AG/AA genotype, and patients carrying two loss-of-function variant alleles were independent risk factors for the primary outcome, but not the use of PPIs. CONCLUSIONS: The concomitant use of PPIs and clopidogrel in patients with IS may not be associated with an increased risk of RIS, MI, or vascular death. Further well-designed randomized controlled studies are necessary to confirm our current results.
Analysis of CYP2C19 genetic variants with ischaemic events in UK patients prescribed clopidogrel in primary care: a retrospective cohort study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LoF) alleles increase risk of ischaemic stroke and myocardial infarction (MI) in UK primary care patients prescribed clopidogrel. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort analysis. SETTING: Primary care practices in the UK from January 1999 to September 2017. PARTICIPANTS: 7483 European-ancestry adults from the UK Biobank study with genetic and linked primary care data, aged 36-79 years at time of first clopidogrel prescription. INTERVENTIONS: Clopidogrel prescription in primary care, mean duration 2.6 years (range 2 months to 18 years). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Hospital inpatient-diagnosed ischaemic stroke, MI or angina while treated with clopidogrel. RESULTS: 28.7% of participants carried at least one CYP2C19 LoF variant. LoF carriers had higher rates of incident ischaemic stroke while treated with clopidogrel compared with those without the variants (8 per 1000 person-years vs 5.2 per 1000 person-years; HR 1.53, 95% CIs 1.04 to 2.26, p=0.031). LoF carriers also had increased risk of MI (HR 1.14, 95% CI 1.04 to 1.26, p=0.008). In combined analysis LoF carriers had increased risk of any ischaemic event (stroke or MI) (HR 1.17, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.29, p=0.002). Adjustment for aspirin coprescription produced similar estimates. In lifetables using observed incidence rates, 22.5% (95% CI 14.4% to 34.0%) of CYP2C19 LoF carriers on clopidogrel were projected to develop an ischaemic stroke by age 79 (oldest age in the study), compared with 15.4% (95% CI 11.4% to 20.5%) in non-carriers, that is, 7.1% excess stroke incidence in LoF carriers by age 79. CONCLUSIONS: A substantial proportion of the UK population carry genetic variants that reduce metabolism of clopidogrel to its active form. In family practice patients on clopidogrel, CYP2C19 LoF variants are associated with substantially higher incidence of ischaemic events. Genotype-guided selection of antiplatelet medications may improve outcomes in patients carrying CYP2C19 genetic variants.
Multisite Investigation of Strategies for the Implementation of CYP2C19 Genotype-Guided Antiplatelet Therapy.$$$ CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy following percutaneous coronary intervention is increasingly implemented in clinical practice. However, challenges such as selecting a testing platform, communicating test results, building clinical decision support processes, providing patient and provider education, and integrating methods to support the translation of emerging evidence to clinical practice are barriers to broad adoption. In this report, we compare and contrast implementation strategies of 12 early adopters, describing solutions to common problems and initial performance metrics for each program. Key differences between programs included the test result turnaround time and timing of therapy changes, which are both related to the CYP2C19 testing model and platform used. Sites reported the need for new informatics infrastructure, expert clinicians such as pharmacists to interpret results, physician champions, and ongoing education. Consensus lessons learned are presented to provide a path forward for those seeking to implement similar clinical pharmacogenomics programs within their institutions.
Clopidogrel with aspirin in High-risk patients with Acute Non-disabling Cerebrovascular Events II (CHANCE-2): rationale and design of a multicentre randomised trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: In patients with a minor ischaemic stroke or transient ischaemic attack (TIA), separate trials have shown that dual antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel plus aspirin (clopidogrel-aspirin) or ticagrelor plus aspirin (ticagrelor-aspirin) are more effective than aspirin alone in stroke secondary prevention. However, these two sets of combination have not been directly compared. Since clopidogrel was less effective in stroke patients who were CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) allele carriers, whether ticagrelor-aspirin is clinically superior to clopidogrel-aspirin in this subgroup of patients with stroke is unclear. AIM: To describe the rationale and design considerations of the Clopidogrel in High-risk patients with Acute Non-disabling Cerebrovascular Events (CHANCE-2) trial. DESIGN: CHANCE-2 is a randomised, double-blind, double-dummy, placebo-controlled, multicentre trial that compares two dual antiplatelet strategies for minor stroke or TIA patients who are CYP2C19 LOF allele carriers: ticagrelor (180 mg loading dose on day 1 followed by 90 mg twice daily on days 2-90) or clopidogrel (300 mg loading dose on day 1 followed by 75 mg daily on days 2-90), plus open-label aspirin with a dose of 75-300 mg on day 1 followed by 75 mg daily on day 2-21. All will be followed for 1 year. STUDY OUTCOMES: The primary efficacy outcome is any stroke (ischaemic or haemorrhagic) within 3 months and the primary safety outcome is any severe or moderate bleeding event within 3 months. DISCUSSION: The CHANCE-2 trial will evaluate whether ticagrelor-aspirin is superior to clopidogrel-aspirin for minor stroke or TIA patients who are CYP2C19 LOF allele carriers. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT04078737.
Results of genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy in patients who undergone percutaneous coronary intervention with stent.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel has provided beneficial effects in acute coronary syndrome and percutaneous coronary intervention. Different polymorphisms have been associated with differences in clopidogrel response. The aim of this study was to check if CYP2C19/ABCB1-genotype-guided strategy reduces the rates of cardiovascular events and bleeding. METHODS: This experimental study included patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with stent. The prospective genotype-guided strategy (intervention group) was compared against a retrospective non-tailored strategy (control group). Primary efficacy endpoint was the composite of cardiovascular death, acute coronary syndrome or stroke during 12months after intervention. Secondary endpoint was to compare the efficacy of the different antiplatelet therapies used in genotyping conditions. RESULTS: The study included 719 patients undergone stent, more than 86% with acute coronary syndrome. The primary endpoint occurred in 32 patients (10.1%) in the genotyping group and in 59 patients (14.1%) in the control group (HR 0.63, 95% CI (0.41-0.97), p =0.037). There was no difference in The Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction major and minor bleeding criteria between the two groups (4.1% vs. 4.7%, HR=0.80, 95% CI (0.39-1.63), p=0.55). In intervention group, there was no difference in the rate of events in patients treated with clopidogrel versus patients treated with other antiplatelet treatments (9.1% vs 11.5% p=0.44), or bleeding (3.7% vs 4.6%, p=0.69). CONCLUSIONS: The genotype-guided strategy could reduce the rates of composite of cardiovascular events and bleeding during 12months after percutaneous coronary intervention compared to a non-genotype-guide strategy.
Meta-analysis of Comparison of the Newer P2Y12 Inhibitors (Oral Preparation or Intravenous) to Clopidogrel in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndrome.$$$ AIMS: New P2Y12 adenosine diphosphate receptor antagonists have been used in the treatment of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) with different results. This systematic review analyzed and compared the evidence from large, clinical trials regarding the efficacy of clopidogrel relative to that of cangrelor, prasugrel, and ticagrelor in reducing the incidence of cardiovascular events in patients with ACS. METHODS AND RESULTS: This analysis compared newer P2Y12 inhibitors with clopidogrel of 13 clinical trials involved a total of 87,985 patients with ACS. The newer P2Y12 inhibitors include cangrelor, prasugrel, and ticagrelor. Newer P2Y12 inhibitors significantly decreased the risk of myocardial infarction and showed a trend toward reduction of cardiovascular death (odds ratio [OR] = 0.86, 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.77-0.96, and I = 54%, P < 0.05); (OR = 0.85, 95% CI, 0.77-0.93, and I = 42%, P < 0.001). The rates of stroke events and the incidence in patients with ACS did not differ statistically between the clopidogrel group and the group with newer P2Y12 inhibitors (OR = 0.95, 95% CI, 0.79-1.14, and I = 0%, P = 0.57). However, newer P2Y12 inhibitors showed a significant increase in thrombosis in MI major or minor bleeding (OR = 1.21, 95% CI, 1.03-1.42, and I = 56%, P = 0.02) compared with clopidogrel. CONCLUSIONS: Based on this meta-analysis, newer P2Y12 inhibitors were significantly more effective than clopidogrel in the events of myocardial infarction and cardiovascular death in patients with ACS, although the incidence of thrombosis in MI-defined bleeding was higher compared with clopidogrel. FAU - Zhang, Lu
Application of Age, Body Mass Index, Chronic Kidney Disease, Diabetes, and Genotyping Score for Efficacy of Clopidogrel: Secondary Analysis of the CHANCE Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: The age, body mass index, chronic kidney disease, diabetes, and genotyping (ABCD-GENE) score is a validated risk score integrating CYP2C19 genotypes with clinical risk factors influencing clopidogrel response that would allow the more precise identification of subjects at risk for high platelet reactivity and adverse clinical outcomes. Our objective was to further verify application of the ABCD-GENE score and investigate appropriate cutoff value in patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack. METHODS: In this post-analysis of the CHANCE trial (Clopidogrel in High-Risk Patients With Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events), the ABCD-GENE score was calculated for all patients enrolled in this study. By using the proposed cutoff of 10, patients were stratified as being at high risk for high platelet reactivity or not. We further categorized the ABCD-GENE score to 0 to 5, 6 to 24, and >24 to investigate the cutoff value of this scale in clinical application. Stroke recurrence at 3 months was considered as the primary outcome. RESULTS: Among a total of 2923 patients with minor stroke/transient ischemic attack, there were 2273 (77.76%) with ABCD-GENE score <10 and 650 (22.24%) patients with ABCD-GENE score ≥10. Compared with the aspirin alone, hazard ratios (95% CIs) of the clopidogrel-aspirin therapy for stroke recurrence were 0.70 (0.54-0.91) and 0.76 (0.46-1.24), among patients of ABCD-GENE scores <10 and ABCD-GENE scores ≥10, respectively. Stratified analyses by ABCD-GENE score 0 to 5, 6 to 24, and >24, hazard ratios of the clopidogrel-aspirin therapy for stroke recurrence were 0.57 (95% CI, 0.38-0.85), 0.78 (0.58-1.06), and 1.20 (0.44-3.28) (P value for trend=0.0052). CONCLUSIONS: Among Chinese minor stroke/transient ischemic attack population, the efficacy of clopidogrel-aspirin therapy was decreased in patients with higher ABCD-GENE score. Our study suggests that CYP2C19 genotypes and clinical risk factors can be integrated by ABCD-GENE score to estimate the efficacy of clopidogrel-aspirin therapy. FAU - Dai, Liye
Effect of CYP2C19 Polymorphisms on the Platelet Response to Clopidogrel and Influence on the Effect of High Versus Standard Dose Clopidogrel in Carotid Artery Stenting.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Genetic background has been identified to be a major predictor of post-clopidogrel platelet inhibition in patients undergoing coronary stenting. However, there is a lack of data on clopidogrel response regarding genotype in patients undergoing carotid artery stenting (CAS). The influence of the most common allelic variants of CYP2C19 phenotypes and genotypes on response to baseline clopidogrel and on the pharmacodynamic effect of dose adjustment (high or standard dose of clopidogrel) in patients with high on-treatment reactivity after CAS was investigated. METHODS: Platelet reactivity was assessed before and 30 days after carotid stenting using the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay to obtain P2Y12 reactivity unit (PRU) values. RESULTS: A total of 209 patients (79.4% male, 44.1% currents smokers) were treated by CAS. Smokers improved responsiveness to clopidogrel (p = .034). With respect to CYP2C19 enzymatic function, 61 subjects (29.1%) were ultra-rapid metabolizers, 95 patients (45.5%) were extensive metabolizers, 51 (24.4%) were intermediate metabolizers, and two (0.96%) were poor metabolizers. Baseline PRU was significantly higher among intermediate-poor metabolizers compared with ultra-rapid (p = .001) or extensive metabolizers (p = .005). At 30 days follow up, in non-responding patients with the intermediate-poor metabolizer phenotype, the PRU value and inhibition percentage were significantly reduced with standard dose (p = .008; p = .0029) and high dose of clopidogrel (p = .00 0; p = .000). However, high dose clopidogrel did not achieve a more intense pharmacodynamic effect at 30 days (p = .994) compared with standard dose. CONCLUSIONS: In patients undergoing carotid stenting, those with the CYP2C19*2 allele had increased basal PRU values and in fact clopidogrel non-responders increased significantly among intermediate-poor metabolizers. Although high dose and standard dose clopidogrel therapy was effective in lowering the 30 day PRU values in patients with high on-treatment reactivity who are intermediate-poor metabolizers, the use of high dose clopidogrel did not result in statistically significantly greater reductions in reactivity compared with the standard dose.
Risk factors for clopidogrel resistance in patients with ischemic cerebral infarction and the correlation with ABCB1 gene rs1045642 polymorphism.$$$ The aim of the present study was to examine clopidogrel resistance (CR) in patients with ischemic cerebral infarction and its potential association with a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP; rs1045642) in the ABCB1 gene. Patients with ischemic cerebral infarction received clopidogrel (75 mg/day) for 7 days and were then subjected to a turbidimetric assay to determine platelet aggregation. Patients were then divided into a CR group and a clopidogrel-sensitive (CS) group. Demographic and clinical data between the two groups were compared. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to determine independent risk factors of CR. PCR products were sequenced to assess ABCB1 rs1045642 SNP genotype and allele frequencies in each group. In total, 303 patients were enrolled in the study; this included 51 CR cases (16.83%) and 252 CS cases (83.17%). Several parameters, including hypertension, diabetes, calcium channel blocker (CCB), β-receptor blocking agent and proton pump inhibitor use, and creatinine, fasting blood glucose, homocysteine (HCY), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and triglyceride levels were significantly higher in the CR group than in the CS group. Diabetes, hs-CRP-increased use of CCBs, and use of β-blockers were found to be independent risk factors for CR. However, ABCB1 gene rs1045642 polymorphism was not found to be an independent risk factor for CR. In conclusion, CR in ischemic stroke patients is associated with several independent risk factors, including diabetes, hs-CRP-increased use of CCBs, and use of β-blockers. However, ABCB1 gene rs1045642 polymorphism has no correlation with CR. FAU - Su, Jun-Feng
Physician and Hospital Utilization of P2Y12 Inhibitors in ST-Segment-Elevation Myocardial Infarction in the United States: A Study From the National Cardiovascular Data Registry's Research to Practice Initiative.$$$ Background Ticagrelor and prasugrel are potent P2Y12 inhibitors with superior efficacy compared with clopidogrel among patients with ST-segment-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI), though use in recent practice is not well described. In this retrospective study, we assessed trends, predictors, and variation in use of P2Y12 inhibitors in patients with STEMI in the United States. Methods and Results We identified 169 505 STEMI patients in the Chest Pain-Myocardial Infarction Registry from October 2013 through March 2017. We determined national utilization rates of P2Y12 inhibitors at discharge, patient predictors for each medication, and variation in use between hospitals. In a subset of 9655 Medicare patients ≥65 years old, we compared 1-year adjusted risks of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, and bleeding based on hospital quartile of potent P2Y12 inhibitor use. Rates of ticagrelor use increased from 18.0% to 44.0%, while rates of prasugrel and clopidogrel use decreased from 24.6% to 13.5% and 57.4% to 42.6%, respectively. Prior percutaneous coronary intervention was the strongest clinical predictor for use of ticagrelor (adjusted odds ratio, 1.13 [95% CI, 1.09-1.18]) and prasugrel (adjusted odds ratio, 1.27 [95% CI, 1.21-1.34]) compared with clopidogrel. Predictors of clopidogrel use included no insurance, insurance with Medicare or Medicaid, and features associated with higher bleeding risk. The median hospital usage rate for newer P2Y12 inhibitors was 51.3% (interquartile range, 35.0%-65.9%), with substantial variation between hospitals (adjusted median odds ratio, 2.92 [95% CI, 2.77-3.10]). Among patients ≥65 years old, there were no differences in adjusted 1-year risks of adverse outcomes across hospital quartiles of potent P2Y12 inhibitor use. Conclusions Almost one-half of STEMI patients by 2017 were discharged on ticagrelor while far fewer received prasugrel. Patient characteristics are associated with P2Y12 inhibitor selection, though substantial hospital variation exists. Identifying barriers to use of more potent P2Y12 inhibitors may improve patient-centered decision-making for STEMI patients. FAU - Faridi, Kamil F
Clinical and cost-effectiveness of clopidogrel resistance genotype testing after ischaemic stroke or transient ischaemic attack: a systematic review and economic model.$$$ BACKGROUND: Stroke or transient ischaemic attack patients are at increased risk of secondary vascular events. Antiplatelet medications, most commonly clopidogrel, are prescribed to reduce this risk. Factors including CYP2C19 genetic variants can hinder clopidogrel metabolism. Laboratory-based or point-of-care tests can detect these variants, enabling targeted treatment. OBJECTIVE: To assess the effectiveness of genetic testing to identify clopidogrel resistance in people with ischaemic stroke or transient ischaemic attack. Specific objectives: Do people tested for clopidogrel resistance, and treated accordingly, have a reduced risk of secondary vascular events? Do people with loss-of-function alleles associated with clopidogrel resistance have a reduced risk of secondary vascular events if treated with alternative interventions compared to clopidogrel? Do people with loss-of-function alleles associated with clopidogrel resistance have an increased risk of secondary vascular events when treated with clopidogrel? What is the accuracy of point-of-care tests for detecting variants associated with clopidogrel resistance? What is the technical performance and cost of CYP2C19 genetic tests? Is genetic testing for clopidogrel resistance cost-effective compared with no testing? DESIGN: Systematic review and economic model. RESULTS: Objective 1: Two studies assessed secondary vascular events in patients tested for loss-of-function alleles and treated accordingly. They found a reduced risk, but confidence intervals were wide (hazard ratio 0.50, 95% confidence interval 0.09 to 2.74 and hazard ratio 0.53, 95% confidence interval 0.24 to 1.18). Objective 2: Seven randomised controlled trials compared clopidogrel with alternative treatment in people with genetic variants. Ticagrelor was associated with a lower risk of secondary vascular events than clopidogrel (summary hazard ratio 0.76, 95% confidence interval 0.65 to 0.90; two studies). Objective 3: Twenty-five studies compared outcomes in people with and without genetic variants treated with clopidogrel. People with genetic variants were at an increased risk of secondary vascular events (hazard ratio 1.72, 95% confidence interval 1.43 to 2.08; 18 studies). There was no difference in bleeding risk (hazard ratio 0.98, 95% confidence interval 0.68 to 1.40; five studies). Objective 4: Eleven studies evaluated Genomadix Cube accuracy; no studies evaluated Genedrive. Summary sensitivity and specificity against laboratory reference standards were both 100% (95% confidence interval 94% to 100% and 99% to 100%). Objective 5: Seventeen studies evaluated technical performance of point-of-care tests. Test failure rate ranged from 0.4% to 19% for Genomadix Cube. A survey of 8/10 genomic laboratory hubs revealed variation in preferred technologies for testing, and cost per test ranging from £15 to £250. Most laboratories expected test failure rate to be < 1%. Additional resources could enhance testing capacity and expedite turnaround times. Objective 6: Laboratory and point-of-care CYP2C19 testing strategies were cost-saving and increase quality-adjusted life-years compared with no testing. Both strategies gave similar costs, quality-adjusted life-years and expected net monetary benefit. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that CYP2C19 testing followed by tailored treatment is likely to be effective and cost-effective in both populations. FUTURE WORK: Accuracy and technical performance of Genedrive. Test failure rate of Genomadix Cube in a National Health Service setting. Value of testing additional loss-of-function alleles. Appropriateness of treatment dichotomy based on loss-of-function alleles. LIMITATIONS: Lack of data on Genedrive. No randomised 'test-and-treat' studies of dipyramidole plus aspirin. STUDY REGISTRATION: This study is registered as PROSPERO CRD42022357661. FUNDING: This award was funded by the National Institute for Health and Care Research (NIHR) Evidence Synthesis programme (NIHR award ref: NIHR135620) and is published in full in Health Technology Assessment; Vol. 28, No. 57. See the NIHR Funding and Awards website for further award information. FAU - Carroll, Joe
Polymorphisms of cytochrome P450 are potential candidates that could potentially help clinicians on the treatment of cardiovascular diseases among Asian populations.$$$ There are significant ethnic differences in the metabolism of some drugs that can be explained by cytochrome P450 polymorphisms and, in particular, the CYP2D6 isozyme. In addition, among patients who are not carriers of the CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles, there is a reduced risk of stroke when clopidogrel is taken with aspirin compared to aspirin alone. These findings demonstrate that there is inter-ethnic variability in the metabolism of some drugs, which results in different responses to cardiovascular drugs in Asian versus non-Asian populations.
Tailored P2Y(12) inhibitor treatment in patients undergoing non-urgent PCI-the POPular Risk Score study.$$$ PURPOSE: The POPular Risk Score was developed for the selective intensification of P2Y(12) inhibitor treatment with prasugrel instead of clopidogrel in patients undergoing non-urgent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with stent implantation. This score is based on platelet reactivity (VerifyNow P2Y(12) assay), CYP2C19 genotyping, and clinical risk factors. Our aim was to determine if the use of this score in clinical practice is associated with a reduction in thrombotic events without increasing bleeding events. METHODS: In a single-center prospective cohort study, patients with a high risk score were treated with prasugrel and patients with a low risk score with clopidogrel. The risk score-guided cohort was compared with a historic cohort of clopidogrel-treated patients. The endpoint consisted of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, stroke, or stent thrombosis during 1 year of follow-up. TIMI major and minor bleeding events were also analyzed. RESULTS: The guided cohort contained 1127 patients, 26.9% of whom were switched to prasugrel according to the POPular Risk Score. The historic cohort contained 893 patients. The incidence of the combined thrombotic endpoint was significantly lower in the guided cohort as compared with the historic cohort (8.4% versus 3.7%, p < 0.001). This strategy was safe with respect to bleeding (4.0% versus 1.3%, p < 0.001, for TIMI major or minor bleeding). Results were comparable after multivariate and propensity score matched and weighted analysis. CONCLUSION: Selective intensification of P2Y(12) inhibitor treatment after non-urgent PCI based on the POPular Risk Score is associated with a reduction in thrombotic events without an increase in bleeding events. FAU - Janssen, Paul W A
Effects of aging on clinical outcomes in patients receiving genotype-guided P2Y12 inhibitor selection after percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ STUDY OBJECTIVE: To compare the clinical effectiveness of genotype-guided P2Y12 inhibitor selection following PCI in older patients (≥70 years) and younger patients (<70 years). DESIGN AND SETTING: Single-center, retrospective, cohort study. Risk of major adverse cardiovascular or cerebrovascular events (MACCE), defined as stent thrombosis, ischemic stroke, transient ischemic attack, non-fatal acute coronary syndrome, or cardiovascular death during 12 months after PCI, was compared across genotype and antiplatelet therapy groups by proportional hazards regression in patients ≥70 years and <70 years. PATIENTS: 1,469 patients who underwent PCI and had CYP2C19 genotype testing at a single academic medical center. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: The study population was comprised of 402 (27.4%) ≥70 years (older group) and 1067 (72.6%) <70 years (younger group). Alternative P2Y12 inhibitors (prasugrel or ticagrelor) were used less often in the older group than the younger group in patients with a CYP2C19 no function allele (55% vs. 67%; p = 0.02) and in patients without a no function allele (10% vs. 35%, p < 0.001). For patients treated with clopidogrel, MACCE was significantly higher in no function allele carriers compared to those without a no function allele in the older group (19.2% vs. 12.7%; adjusted HR 2.32; 95% CI 1.07-5.05; p = 0.03) and the younger group (17.4% vs. 10.4%; adjusted HR 2.01; 95% CI 1.17-3.46; p = 0.01). In patients without a no function allele, MACCE risk was similar with clopidogrel compared to prasugrel or ticagrelor in the older group (adjusted HR 0.99; 95% CI 0.44-2.21; p = 0.98) and the younger group (adjusted HR 1.12; 95% CI 0.72-1.74; p = 0.61). CONCLUSION: This study suggests important clinical benefits of CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy after PCI in both younger and older patients.
Genetic determinants of response to clopidogrel and cardiovascular events.$$$ BACKGROUND: Pharmacogenetic determinants of the response of patients to clopidogrel contribute to variability in the biologic antiplatelet activity of the drug. The effect of these determinants on clinical outcomes after an acute myocardial infarction is unknown. METHODS: We consecutively enrolled 2208 patients presenting with an acute myocardial infarction in a nationwide French registry and receiving clopidogrel therapy. We then assessed the relation of allelic variants of genes modulating clopidogrel absorption (ABCB1), metabolic activation (CYP3A5 and CYP2C19), and biologic activity (P2RY12 and ITGB3) to the risk of death from any cause, nonfatal stroke, or myocardial infarction during 1 year of follow-up. RESULTS: Death occurred in 225 patients, and nonfatal myocardial infarction or stroke in 94 patients, during the follow-up period. None of the selected single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in CYP3A5, P2RY12, or ITGB3 were associated with a risk of an adverse outcome. Patients with two variant alleles of ABCB1 (TT at nucleotide 3435) had a higher rate of cardiovascular events at 1 year than those with the ABCB1 wild-type genotype (CC at nucleotide 3435) (15.5% vs. 10.7%; adjusted hazard ratio, 1.72; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.20 to 2.47). Patients carrying any two CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles (*2, *3, *4, or *5), had a higher event rate than patients with none (21.5% vs. 13.3%; adjusted hazard ratio, 1.98; 95% CI, 1.10 to 3.58). Among the 1535 patients who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention during hospitalization, the rate of cardiovascular events among patients with two CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles was 3.58 times the rate among those with none (95% CI, 1.71 to 7.51). CONCLUSIONS: Among patients with an acute myocardial infarction who were receiving clopidogrel, those carrying CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles had a higher rate of subsequent cardiovascular events than those who were not. This effect was particularly marked among the patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00673036.)
Dynamic changes and associated factors of clopidogrel resistance in patients after cerebral infarction.$$$ Stroke victims often exhibit clopidogrel resistance (CR). This prospective study was undertaken to observe changes that influence CR in the secondary prevention of cerebral infarction (CI). The study included 56 cases at high risk of stroke (HRS), 147 cases of CI and 68 control subjects. The CI and HRS groups were divided into CR and NCR (none clopidogrel resistance) subgroups using standard criteria. The NCR group was subdivided into DCR (dynamic CR) and CNCR (continuous NCR) groups. Platelet aggregation rate (PAR) was assessed at baseline and after 2 weeks treatment with clopidogrel 75 mg/day in the CI and HRS groups. In the NCR group, PAR was evaluated after 3 and 6 months of clopidogrel (75 mg/day) treatment. Baseline PAR was higher in the CI group than in the HRS or control groups (P < 0.01). The incidence of CR was 28.6 % in the CI and 13.6 % in the HRS group (P = 0.018). Diabetes mellitus, (OR 16.627; 95 % CI 4.691-58.934) and history of TIA (OR 13.711; 95 % CI 1.667-112.784) (both P < 0.05) were both associated with CR. Other independent risk factors included high total cholesterol, calcium antagonist or ACEI/ARB use. A total of 36 CR and 85 NCR cases completed 6 months follow-up. High total cholesterol was an independent risk factor for DCR (OR 0.415; 95 % CI 0.213-0.808; P = 0.01) which developed in 15 subjects at 6 months. PAR decreased by >10 % after 2 weeks in 71.4 % of patients with CR who subsequently changed drugs or received combination therapy. Dynamic CR may occur after CI. Many factors including DM\TIA\HCT\P2Y12 εC coexistence CYP2Y19 εA\combination drug, associate CR or DCR. Our results highlight the need for PAR monitoring. FAU - Zhou, Bo Rong
Genetic and platelet function testing of antiplatelet therapy for percutaneous coronary intervention: the ARCTIC-GENE study.$$$ BACKGROUND: The ARCTIC study randomized 2440 patients scheduled for stent implantation to a strategy of platelet function monitoring with drug adjustment in patients who had a poor response to antiplatelet therapy or to a conventional strategy without monitoring and drug adjustment. No significant improvement in clinical outcomes with platelet function monitoring was observed. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study is to assess the relationships between CYP2C19 genotypes, clopidogrel pharmacodynamic response, and clinical outcome. METHODS AND RESULTS: In the ARCTIC-GENE study, 1394 patients were genotyped for loss- and gain-of-function CYP2C19 alleles. Randomization of treatment strategy was well balanced. Slow metabolizers identified as carriers of at least one loss-of-function allele CYP2C19*2 (n = 459) were more likely poor responders at randomization (41.6 vs. 31.6%, p = 0.0112) and 14 days later (23.8 vs. 10.4%, p < 0.0001) and more frequently on prasugrel (11.5 vs. 8.1%, p = 0.039) as compared with rapid metabolizers (n = 935). Intensification of antiplatelet treatment did not differ between slow and rapid metabolizers according to the study algorithm based on platelet function only. The primary study outcome defined as the composite of death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, stroke, or urgent revascularization 1 year after stent implantation did not differ between slow and rapid metabolizers (HR 0.988, 95% CI [0.812;1.202], p = 0.90). Likewise, the primary safety outcome did not differ between rapid and slow metabolizer phenotype. CONCLUSIONS: The genetic clopidogrel profile was a good marker of platelet function response on clopidogrel but was not related to clinical outcome suggesting that the genetic added little to the pharmacodynamic information used in the study to adjust antiplatelet therapy. ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT00827411. FAU - Collet, Jean-Philippe
Influence of Genetic Polymorphisms on Clopidogrel Response and Clinical Outcomes in Patients with Acute Ischemic Stroke CYP2C19 Genotype on Clopidogrel Response.$$$ OBJECTIVES: This study sought to evaluate the influence of the genetic polymorphisms on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes in acute ischemic stroke patients taking clopidogrel. BACKGROUND: Little research has been published on relationships between genetic polymorphisms, platelet reactivity, and clinical outcomes in stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. METHODS: Patients hospitalized in Changhai Hospital with acute ischemic stroke were randomly enrolled into treatment with a 75-mg daily maintenance dose of clopidogrel. Genotyping was detected by the MassARRAY iPLEX genotyping system (Sequenom Inc, San Diego, CA), and platelet reactivity was evaluated by the VerifyNow P2Y12 test (Accumetrics Inc., San Diego, CA). Sixteen single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) within 9 genes were selected and high on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity (HPR) was defined as P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) value ≥230. The primary endpoint was ischemic events, including major adverse cardiac events (MACE), recurrence of stroke, transient ischemic attack (TIA), and the composite of vascular death, and the secondary endpoint was bleeding. RESULTS: Of the 345 patients recruited, 275 (79.7%) patients were followed up for 1 year and 122 (35.4%) patients were categorized as HPR. Among the SNPs selected, only the CYP2C19*2 allele and the CYP2C19*3 allele were statistically significantly associated with PRU (P < 0.001 and P = 0.003, respectively). Similarly, the prevalence of HPR was associated with CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 (P < 0.001 and P = 0.001, respectively). During the 1 year of follow-up, a total of 64 (23.3%) cases of clinical events occurred, including 60 ischemic events and 4 bleeding events. There were no correlation between CYP2C19 variant alleles and clinical outcomes (P > 0.05), but a statistically significant relevance was found between the HPR and the ischemic events in 1 year of follow-up (P = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 had a significant impact on clopidogrel response, but was not associated with ischemic events during 1 year of follow-up in patients with acute ischemic stroke. HPR was an independent risk factor for ischemic events, and the VerifyNow P2Y12 test may be available to guide individualized antiplatelet therapies in stroke patients in China.
Clopidogrel resistance and the effect of combination cilostazol in patients with ischemic stroke or carotid artery stenting using the VerifyNow P2Y12 Assay.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The inhibitory response to clopidogrel considerably varies among individuals and clopidogrel resistance is a risk factor for thrombotic events in patients with cardiovascular disease. Based on the platelet aggregation evaluated by the VerifyNow P2Y12 Assay, the present study investigated clopidogrel resistance and the effect of cilostazol addition. METHODS: We measured the ability of 20 µM ADP to aggregate platelets using the VerifyNow P2Y12 Assay. Clopidogrel resistance was defined as % inhibition of <20% in this assay. PATIENTS: We examined 77 patients (53 men and 24 women, aged 65.8 ± 9.9 years) with ischemic stroke or carotid artery stenting who received clopidogrel (75 mg) for >7 days at our hospital between October 2009 and March 2010. For 62 patients (42 men and 20 women, aged 65.3 ± 9.9 years) 75 mg clopidogrel alone was administered (clopidogrel only group); the other 15 patients (11 men and 4 women, aged 67.9 ± 9.9 years) received 75 mg of clopidogrel plus 100 or 200 mg of cilostazol (cilostazol combination group). RESULTS: Clopidogrel resistance was identified in 18 (29%) of the 62 patients in the clopidogrel only group. The percent inhibition was significantly higher in the cilostazol combination group than in the clopidogrel only group (41.7 ± 28.0% vs. 64.9 ± 22.7%, p=0.005). None of the patients in the cilostazol combination group had % inhibition of <20%. CONCLUSION: Clopidogrel resistance developed in 29% of patients given clopidogrel alone. The addition of cilostazol to clopidogrel may have intensified platelet inhibition. FAU - Maruyama, Hajime
Multisite Investigation of Outcomes With Implementation of CYP2C19 Genotype-Guided Antiplatelet Therapy After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.$$$ OBJECTIVES: This multicenter pragmatic investigation assessed outcomes following clinical implementation of CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). BACKGROUND: CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles impair clopidogrel effectiveness after PCI. METHODS: After clinical genotyping, each institution recommended alternative antiplatelet therapy (prasugrel, ticagrelor) in PCI patients with a loss-of-function allele. Major adverse cardiovascular events (defined as myocardial infarction, stroke, or death) within 12 months of PCI were compared between patients with a loss-of-function allele prescribed clopidogrel versus alternative therapy. Risk was also compared between patients without a loss-of-function allele and loss-of-function allele carriers prescribed alternative therapy. Cox regression was performed, adjusting for group differences with inverse probability of treatment weights. RESULTS: Among 1,815 patients, 572 (31.5%) had a loss-of-function allele. The risk for major adverse cardiovascular events was significantly higher in patients with a loss-of-function allele prescribed clopidogrel versus alternative therapy (23.4 vs. 8.7 per 100 patient-years; adjusted hazard ratio: 2.26; 95% confidence interval: 1.18 to 4.32; p = 0.013). Similar results were observed among 1,210 patients with acute coronary syndromes at the time of PCI (adjusted hazard ratio: 2.87; 95% confidence interval: 1.35 to 6.09; p = 0.013). There was no difference in major adverse cardiovascular events between patients without a loss-of-function allele and loss-of-function allele carriers prescribed alternative therapy (adjusted hazard ratio: 1.14; 95% confidence interval: 0.69 to 1.88; p = 0.60). CONCLUSIONS: These data from real-world observations demonstrate a higher risk for cardiovascular events in patients with a CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele if clopidogrel versus alternative therapy is prescribed. A future randomized study of genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy may be of value.
Association of genetic variant and platelet function in patients undergoing neuroendovascular stenting.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The risk of recurrent ischaemic events is related to platelet function, which is often assessed by thromboelastography (TEG). TEG has high interindividual variability. OBJECTIVE: To identify causal variants associated with TEG parameters in patients who receive aspirin and clopidogrel after intra- or extracranial stenting. METHODS: Patients who underwent stenting for extracranial or intracranial stenosis (70-99%) were recruited into the study. Blood samples were obtained for TEG to assess the platelet function before stenting. Aspirin- and clopidogrel-related genetic polymorphisms were determined by the MassARRAY method. Minor allele frequency and Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium (HWE) tests and linkage disequilibrium (LD) analysis were carried out. The influences of genetic polymorphism on TEG parameters were analysed by linear regression. RESULTS: A total of 249 patients were included in this study. Twenty-two selected single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were genotyped, and no significant deviation from HWE was found for any SNP in the study patients. Four SNPs-rs2104543, rs12772169, rs1998591 and rs1042194-within CYP2C18 were in high LD, and the genetic polymorphisms had a significant impact on the TEG parameters maximal clot strength (MA(Thrombin)) and ADP-induced platelet-fibrin clot strength (MA(ADP)). Patients who carried the loss-of-function CYP2C19*2 (rs4244285) allele were also at risk of increased MA(Thrombin) and MA(ADP). CONCLUSIONS: Testing for these polymorphisms may be valuable in the identification of patients at high risk of recurrent ischaemic events. Alternative treatments may be considered for these high-risk patients. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT01925872.
Cost analysis of CYP2C19 genetic testing in percutaneous coronary intervention patients.$$$ CYP2C19 loss of function (LOF) carriers undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) have an increased risk of ischemic events when treated with clopidogrel. PCI patients in TAILOR-PCI were randomized to clopidogrel or genotype-guided (GG) therapy in which LOF carriers received ticagrelor and non-carriers clopidogrel. Direct medical costs associated with a GG approach have not been described before. TAILOR-PCI participants for whom direct medical costs were available for the duration from the date of PCI to one-year post PCI were included. Primary cost estimates were obtained from the Mayo Clinic Cost Data Warehouse. There were no differences in direct medical costs between the GG and clopidogrel groups (mean $20,682 versus $19,747, p = 0.11) however total costs were greater in the GG group (mean $21,245 versus $19,891, p = 0.02) which was primarily driven by ticagrelor costs. In conclusion the increased expense of a GG strategy post PCI as compared to clopidogrel for all is primarily driven by the cost of ticagrelor.
Cost Effectiveness of Genotype-Guided Antiplatelet Therapy in Asian Ischemic Stroke Patients: Ticagrelor as an Alternative to Clopidogrel in Patients with CYP2C19 Loss of Function Mutations.$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients with ischemic stroke are often treated with clopidogrel monotherapy as part of secondary stroke prevention. The prevalence of loss of function (LOF) mutations in the CYP2C19 gene is higher in Asians than in Western populations. Patients with loss of function (LOF) mutations are at risk for poorer secondary outcomes when prescribed clopidogrel. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to determine the cost effectiveness of genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy in an Asian population with the aim of prescribing ticagrelor as an alternative to patients with LOF mutations. METHODS: Markov models were developed to look at the cost effectiveness of genetic testing of CYP2C19, with patients who screened positive for LOF alleles being switched to ticagrelor compared to universal clopidogrel treatment. Effect ratios were obtained from the literature and incidence rates and costs were obtained from the national data published by the Singapore Ministry of Health. Lifetime costs and quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs) were calculated. The primary endpoints were the incremental cost-effectiveness ratios (ICERs). RESULTS: The prevalence of the LOF mutations was 61% in the population, with 65% of ethnic Chinese, 60% of ethnic Indian, and 53% of ethnic Malay patients having LOF mutations. Based on this prevalence, the overall ICER of genetic testing was S$33,839/QALY with ICERS of S$30,755/QALY, S$33,177/QALY, and S$41,470/QALY for Chinese, Indians, and Malays, respectively. CONCLUSION: This study suggests that it is cost effective to screen for LOF mutations in the CYP2C19 gene in ischemic stroke populations, with ticagrelor as a substitute for clopidogrel in those with LOF mutations. FAU - Narasimhalu, Kaavya
Ticagrelor Is Superior to Clopidogrel in Inhibiting Platelet Reactivity in Patients With Minor Stroke or TIA.$$$ Background: The combination of clopidogrel and aspirin is recommended for the treatment of patients with acute minor stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA). However, with varied clopidogrel resistance (often due to CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles), alternatives like ticagrelor have been suggested. Previous studies showed that ticagrelor had a lower platelet reactivity assessed by VerifyNow P2Y12 assay than clopidogrel. We aimed to compare the effect of ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel on platelet reactivity assessed by a different method (Aggrestar platelet function analyzer) and analyze whether CYP2C19 genotypes were involved. Methods: A pre-specified subgroup analysis of a randomized controlled trial- Platelet Reactivity in Acute Non-disabling Cerebrovascular Events (PRINCE) was conducted. Patients with minor stroke or TIA were randomized for treatment with ticagrelor plus aspirin or clopidogrel plus aspirin. Platelet reactivity was assessed by Aggrestar (PL) platelet function analyzer and high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HOPR) on ticagrelor or clopidogrel was compared. Clinical outcomes included any stroke, composite vascular events and bleeding events within 90 days. Patients were categorized into carriers and non-carriers according to the carrier status of CYP2C19 LOF alleles. Results: Among 675 patients enrolled in the PRINCE trial, 387 patients were included in this subgroup: 197 were randomized to ticagrelor plus aspirin and 190 to clopidogrel plus aspirin. At 90 ± 7 days, compared with clopidogrel/aspirin group, the proportion of HOPR in ticagrelor/aspirin group was significantly lower (19.6 vs. 40.8%, P < 0.001). No significant treatment-by-genotype interactions were found (P for interaction = 0.12). Within 90 days, a trend toward a lower risk of new stroke in ticagrelor/aspirin compared to clopidogrel/aspirin was observed (4.6 vs. 9.5%, HR 0.47, 95% CI 0.21-1.05, P = 0.06). Conclusions: Ticagrelor is superior to clopidogrel in inhibiting platelet reactivity measured by the PL platelet function analyzer among patients with acute minor stroke or TIA. Our study confirmed the finding of the main analysis of PRINCE trial in a different assay. Large randomized controlled trials are needed to evaluate our findings. Clinical Trial Registration: Clinicaltrials.gov NCT02506140.
Clinical determinants of clopidogrel responsiveness in a heterogeneous cohort of Puerto Rican Hispanics.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel is by far the most prescribed platelet adenosine diphosphate (ADP) antagonist in Puerto Rico despite the advent of newer agents (prasugrel and ticagrelor). Given the paucity of data on clopidogrel responsiveness in Hispanics, we sought to determine the association between clinical characteristics and platelet reactivity in Puerto Rican patients on clopidogrel therapy. STUDY POPULATION: A total of 100 Puerto Rican patients on clopidogrel therapy were enrolled and allocated into two groups: Group I, without high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR); and Group II, with HTPR. Platelet function was measured ex vivo using the VerifyNow® P2Y12 assay. RESULTS: The cohort was comprised of Hispanic patients with coronary artery disease (57%), peripheral artery disease (32%), carotid artery stenosis (7%), cerebral artery aneurysm (2%), and stroke (2%). Mean platelet reactivity was 200 ± 61 P2Y12 reaction units (PRUs) (range: 8-324), and 35% of patients had HTPR (PRUs ⩾ 230). Multivariable logistic regression analysis determined that diabetes mellitus (DM) [odds ratio (OR) = 3.27; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.20-8.96], use of proton-pump inhibitors (PPIs) (OR = 3.60; 95% CI: 1.09-11.82), and calcium channel blockers (CCBs) (OR = 3.10; 95% CI: 1.09-8.83) were independent predictors of HTPR ( p < 0.05) after adjusting for other clinical variables. CONCLUSIONS: In a sample of 100 Puerto Rican Hispanic patients on clopidogrel, 35% had HTPR. Furthermore, DM, PPIs and CCBs predicted HTPR. Clinical outcome data are needed to identify appropriate PRU thresholds for risk prediction in the Puerto Rican population. FAU - Hernandez-Suarez, Dagmar F
Suboptimal response to clopidogrel: a genetic risk factor for recurrent ischaemic stroke.$$$ Anti-platelet agents (APA) are widely used in the secondary prevention of ischaemic stroke but about 30% of patients derive suboptimal platelet inhibition from APA. An underlying cause for suboptimal platelet inhibition is varying response to clopidogrel, which is linked to polymorphisms in the CYP2C19 gene responsible for the metabolism and activation of clopidogrel. CYP2C19 polymorphism influences clinical outcomes in patients with coronary artery disease, particularly among those treated with percutaneous transluminal coronary artery stenting. Randomized controlled trials have shown that high doses of clopidogrel can overcome suboptimal platelet response in carriers of the CYP2C19(∗)2 allele. The United States Food and Drug Administration has issued a boxed warning advising clinicians to consider genotyping patients prior to prescribing clopidogrel. There are ongoing studies investigating the clinical utility of genotyping to inform management decisions in stroke prevention.
Early vs. Delayed Initiation of Treatment With P2Y(12) Inhibitors in Patients With Non-ST-Segment Elevation Acute Coronary Syndrome: A Systematic Review and Network Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.$$$ AIMS: Whether early or delayed dual antiplatelet therapy initiation is better in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome (NSTE-ACS) is unclear. We assessed the evidence for comparing the efficacy and safety of early vs. delayed P2Y(12) inhibitor initiation in NSTE-ACS. METHODS: The randomized controlled trials with available comparisons between early and delayed initiation of P2Y(12) inhibitors (clopidogrel, prasugrel, and ticagrelor) in patients with NSTE-ACS until January 2021 were reviewed. The primary outcomes were trial-defined major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs) and bleeding. Secondary outcomes were all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, urgent coronary revascularization, and stroke. Frequentist random-effects network meta-analyses were conducted, ranking best treatments per outcome with p-scores. RESULTS: A total of nine trials with intervention arms including early and delayed initiation of clopidogrel (n = 5), prasugrel (n = 8), or ticagrelor (n = 6) involving 40,096 patients were included. Early prasugrel (hazard ratio [HR], 0.59; 95% confidence interval [95%CI], 0.40-0.87), delayed prasugrel (HR, 0.60; 95%CI 0.43-0.84), and early ticagrelor (HR, 0.84; 95%CI, 0.74-0.96) significantly reduced MACE compared with early clopidogrel, but increased bleeding risk. Delayed prasugrel ranked as the best treatment to reduce MACE (p-score=0.80), early prasugrel to reduce all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality, stent thrombosis, and stroke, and delayed clopidogrel to reduce bleeding (p-score = 0.84). The risk of bias was low for all trials. CONCLUSION: In patients with NSTE-ACS, delayed prasugrel initiation was the most effective strategy to reduce MACE. Although early prasugrel was the best option to reduce most secondary cardiovascular outcomes, it was associated with the highest bleeding risk. The opposite was found for delayed clopidogrel.
Impact of genetic polymorphisms related to clopidogrel or acetylsalicylic acid pharmacology on clinical outcome in Chinese patients with symptomatic extracranial or intracranial stenosis.$$$ PURPOSE: Recurrent ischemic events in Chinese patients with symptomatic extracranial or intracranial stenosis caused by aspirin or clopidogrel resistance are well known. We aimed to identify the contribution of genetic variants to the events. METHODS: Patients with symptomatic extracranial or intracranial stenosis receiving dual antiplatelet treatment for at least 5 days were enrolled in this study. The primary endpoint was a composite of ischemic events, including recurrent transient ischemic attack, stroke, myocardial infarction, and vascular-related mortality. Twenty-four single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were assessed and genotyped. The clinical characteristics of enrolled patients were collected from medical records. The influence of genetic polymorphisms on the recurrent ischemic events of the patients was examined. RESULTS: A total of 377 patients were included. During a 12-month follow-up, the composite primary endpoint was observed in 64 patients. The CYP2C19*3 (rs4986893) may increase the occurrence of the primary composite endpoint (OR = 2.56, 95 % CI = 1.29-5.10, P = 0.007), and the mutation of CES1 rs8192950 was associated with the decreased recurrence of ischemic events (OR = 0.53, 95 % CI = 0.30-0.94, P = 0.029). The other SNPs that were tested did not have statistically significant associations with the composite endpoint. CONCLUSIONS: For Chinese patients with symptomatic extracranial or intracranial stenosis treated with clopidogrel, CYP2C19*3 mutation was associated with an increased risk of ischemic events, and the mutation of rs8192950 in CES1 is associated with a decreased risk of recurrent ischemic events. Testing these two SNPs could be of value in the identification of patients at risk for recurrent ischemic events. FAU - Zhao, Zhigang
Omega-3 Fatty Acid Ethyl Esters do not Improve Clopidogrel Associated P2Y12 Inhibition in Stroke Patients.$$$ The specific action of omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters (OFA) in preventing cerebrovascular disease remains unknown, but research has demonstrated multiple possible mechanisms. In addition to altering lipid profiles, OFA may inhibit platelet aggregation. Clopidogrel inhibits platelets via the P2Y12 receptor. OFA may alter clopidogrel-associated platelet-inhibition via a possible combined effect on P2Y12 inhibition. To determine if OFA affects clopidogrel associated P2Y12 platelet receptor inhibition by comparing the percentage of responders in patients with cerebrovascular disease who were taking clopidogrel with or without OFA. We retrospectively reviewed data from adult patients with cerebrovascular disease or cerebral aneurysms and taking clopidogrel, who were seen at a single hospital between March 2010 to September 2011. We included 438 subjects in the study. For the 67 subjects who received loading doses of both clopidogrel and OFA, 71.6% had a P2Y12 inhibition response more than 20%, which is considered a positive response. For the 55 subjects who received just clopidogrel load, 67.2% of subjects were responders. There were 70.4% responders in the 274 subjects who were taking 75 mg of clopidogrel alone at home, and 73.8% responders in the 42 subjects who were taking both clopidogrel and OFA at home. However, these percentage differences were not statistically significant. This study did not find additional P2Y12 platelet inhibition when patients were given OFA, either given as a loading dose or taking it daily. FAU - Li, Ping
Efficacy and safety of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors in addition to P2Y(12) inhibitors in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: A subanalysis of the POPular Genetics trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors (GPI) are still used in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) who undergo primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), although discussion about its clinical benefit is ongoing. METHODS: GPI use was analyzed in this subanalysis of the POPular Genetics trial, which randomized STEMI patients to CYP2C19 genotype-guided treatment (clopidogrel or ticagrelor) or standard treatment with ticagrelor/prasugrel. The composite thrombotic endpoint consisted of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction (MI), definite stent thrombosis, and stroke at 30 days. The combined bleeding endpoint consisted of Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes (PLATO) major and minor bleeding at 30 days. Univariable and multivariable analyses in addition to a propensity score-matched (PSM) analysis were conducted. RESULTS: In total, 2378 patients, of whom 1033 received GPI and 1345 did not, were included. In multivariable analysis, GPI administration was associated with fewer thrombotic events (hazard ratio [HR] 0.22, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.09-0.55) and MIs (HR 0.24, 95% CI 0.08-0.73). Furthermore, GPI administration was associated with an increase in bleedings (HR 2.02, 95% CI 1.27-3.19), driven by minor bleedings (HR 2.32, 95% CI 1.43-3.76), without a significant difference in major bleedings (HR 0.69, 95% CI 0.19-2.57). In the PSM analysis, no significant association was found. CONCLUSION: In STEMI patients undergoing primary PCI, GPI administration was associated with a reduction in thrombotic events at a cost of an increase in (mostly minor) bleedings in multivariable analysis, while propensity score analysis did not show significant associations.
Effects of uncoupling protein 2 -866G/A polymorphism on platelet reactivity and prognosis in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes and ischemic stroke.$$$ The purpose of this study was to assess the effects of -866G>A polymorphism of mitochondrial uncoupling protein 2 (UCP-2) on platelet reactivity and prognosis in patients with type 2 diabetes and ischemic stroke (IS). A total of 405 Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes and stroke were assessed in a 4-year follow-up case-control study. Patient response to antiplatelet therapy was measured with the Platelet Function Analyzer-100 by means of collagen/adenosine diphosphate (CADP) and collagen/epinephrine (CEPI) cartridges. The primary end point was a composite of stroke and TIA (transient ischemic attack), the secondary end point was death. The -866G>A polymorphism in UCP-2 was genotyped by TaqMan MGB probe method. The -866G>A SNP in UCP-2 was not significantly associated with recurrence of diabetic ischemical stroke (p = 0.57). A significant trend toward nonfull response to antiplatelet therapy was seen in patients carrying A allel in comparison with those carrying GG genotype, as shown by the CADP and CEPI tests (p < 0.0001). Our 4-year follow-up study shows no association between -866G>A variant of UCP-2 in type 2 diabetes and the risk of developing stroke. But in conclusion, the A allel is associated with clopidogrel resistance. FAU - Chai, Yi
Prevalence of ex vivo high on-treatment platelet reactivity on antiplatelet therapy after transient ischemic attack or ischemic stroke on the PFA-100(®) and VerifyNow(®).$$$ BACKGROUND: The prevalence of ex vivo high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) to commonly prescribed antiplatelet regimens after transient ischemic attack (TIA) or ischemic stroke is uncertain. METHODS: Platelet function inhibition was simultaneously assessed with modified light transmission aggregometry (VerifyNow; Accumetrics Inc, San Diego, CA) and with a moderately high shear stress platelet function analyzer (PFA-100; Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc, Malvern, PA) in a pilot, cross-sectional study of TIA or ischemic stroke patients. Patients were assessed on aspirin-dipyridamole combination therapy (n = 51) or clopidogrel monotherapy (n = 25). RESULTS: On the VerifyNow, HTPR on aspirin was identified in 4 of 51 patients (8%) on aspirin-dipyridamole combination therapy (≥ 550 aspirin reaction units on the aspirin cartridge). Eleven of 25 (44%) patients had HTPR on clopidogrel (≥ 194 P2Y12 reaction units on the P2Y12 cartridge). On the PFA-100, 21 of 51 patients (41%) on aspirin-dipyridamole combination therapy had HTPR on the collagen-epinephrine (C-EPI) cartridge. Twenty-three of 25 patients (92%) on clopidogrel had HTPR on the collagen-adenosine diphosphate (C-ADP) cartridge. The proportion of patients with antiplatelet HTPR was lower on the VerifyNow than PFA-100 in patients on both regimens (P < .001). CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of ex vivo antiplatelet HTPR after TIA or ischemic stroke is markedly influenced by the method used to assess platelet reactivity. The PFA-100 C-ADP cartridge is not sensitive at detecting the antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel ex vivo. Larger prospective studies with the VerifyNow and with the PFA-100 C-EPI and recently released Innovance PFA P2Y cartridges (Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc) in addition to newer tests of platelet function are warranted to assess whether platelet function monitoring predicts clinical outcome in ischemic cerebrovascular disease.
Comparison of antiplatelet efficacy and tolerability of clopidogrel napadisilate with clopidogrel bisulfate in coronary artery disease patients after percutaneous coronary intervention: a prospective, multicenter, randomized, open-label, phase IV, noninferiority trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel bisulfate, a potent antiplatelet agent, has a pivotal role in the prevention and treatment of atherothrombotic disease. Clopidogrel napadisilate, a different salt preparation of clopidogrel, has been developed and approved in Korea and several European countries. Recent studies have suggested that clopidogrel napadisilate might have improved stability and comparable bioequivalence to clopidogrel bisulfate. However, these 2 clopidogrel preparations have not been compared in terms of efficacy and tolerability in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). OBJECTIVE: We sought to investigate the antiplatelet efficacy and safety profile of clopidogrel napadisilate compared with clopidogrel bisulfate in CAD patients after PCI. METHODS: This was a randomized, multicenter, open-label, Phase IV, noninferiority clinical trial. We prospectively recruited CAD patient in 6 institutions in Korea between October 2010 and November 2011. Patients who underwent PCI were randomly assigned to the test group (clopidogrel napadisilate plus aspirin) or control group (clopidogrel bisulfate plus aspirin). Antiplatelet efficacy and safety profile were assessed after 4 weeks of maintenance treatment. The primary end point was noninferiority of the percentage of P2Y(12) inhibition, measured by point-of-care assay. The rate of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), as a secondary end point, was compared between the 2 clopidogrel preparations. To assess tolerability, we evaluated the incidence, severity, and causal relation of adverse events (AEs) of 2 groups. RESULTS: A total of 169 patients were screened, and 127 patients completed the study (64 in the test group and 63 in the control group; P = 0.296). The baseline characteristics of patients did not differ significantly between the treatment groups. The between-group difference in percentage of P2Y(12) inhibition did not exceed the prespecified limit for noninferiority (P for noninferiority = 0.032; 95% CI, -8.33 to 5.53). With respect to the risk of MACE, no significant difference was found in the incidence of myocardial infarction or stroke between the groups (1 in the test group and 2 in the control group; P > 0.99); no mortality was reported in either group. The tolerability of clopidogrel napadisilate was comparable with that of clopidogrel bisulfate in terms of all AEs, drug-related AEs, and serious AEs (all AEs: test group, 33.3%; control group, 32.9% [P > 0.99]; drug-related AEs: test group, 4.17%; control group, 0% [P = 0.113]; serious AEs: test group, 1.39%; control group, 5.26% [P=0.367]). CONCLUSIONS: In this study of CAD Korean patients who have undergone PCI, the antiplatelet efficacy of clopidogrel napadisilate was noninferior to that of clopidogrel bisulfate after 4 weeks of maintenance treatment. No statistically significant difference was found in tolerability between the 2 treatment groups.
Derivation, Validation, and Prognostic Utility of a Prediction Rule for Nonresponse to Clopidogrel: The ABCD-GENE Score.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to develop a risk score integrating cytochrome P450 2C19 loss-of-function genotypes with clinical risk factors influencing clopidogrel response that would allow the identification with more precision of subjects at risk for high platelet reactivity (HPR) and adverse clinical outcomes. BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel is the most broadly used platelet P2Y(12) inhibitor. However, a considerable number of patients achieve inadequate platelet inhibition, with persistent HPR, an established marker of increased thrombotic risk, underscoring the need for tools to help identify these subjects. Although carriers of loss-of-function alleles of the cytochrome P450 2C19 enzyme have reduced clopidogrel metabolism leading to increased rates of HPR and thrombotic complications, this explains only a fraction of the pharmacodynamic response to clopidogrel, and a number of clinical factors have also been shown to have contributing roles. METHODS: Three prospective and independent studies were used to: 1) develop a risk score integrating genetic and clinical factors to identify patients with HPR while on clopidogrel; 2) investigate the external validity of the risk score; and 3) define clinical outcomes associated with the risk score in a cohort of patients with myocardial infarction treated with clopidogrel. RESULTS: A risk score ABCD-GENE (Age, Body Mass Index, Chronic Kidney Disease, Diabetes Mellitus, and Genotyping) was developed incorporating 5 independent predictors of HPR: 4 clinical (age >75 years, body mass index >30 kg/m(2), chronic kidney disease [glomerular filtration rate <60 ml/min], and diabetes mellitus) and 1 genetic (cytochrome P450 2C19 loss-of-function alleles). The C-statistics for the score as an integer variable were 0.71 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.68 to 0.75) and 0.64 (95% CI: 0.60 to 0.67) in the pharmacodynamic derivation and validation cohorts, respectively. A cutoff score ≥10 was associated with the best sensitivity and specificity to identify HPR status. The C-statistics for the score were 0.67 (95% CI: 0.64 to 0.71) for all-cause death and 0.66 (95% CI: 0.63 to 0.69) for the composite of all-cause death, stroke, or myocardial infarction at 1 year. Using multiple models for adjustment, the ABCD-GENE score consistently and independently correlated with all-cause death, as well as with the composite of all-cause death, stroke, or myocardial infarction, both as a continuous variable and by using the cutoff of ≥10. The score did not predict bleeding. CONCLUSIONS: The ABCD-GENE score is a simple tool to identify patients with HPR on clopidogrel and who are at increased risk for adverse ischemic events, including mortality, following an acute myocardial infarction. In patients with a high ABCD-GENE score, long-term oral P2Y(12) inhibitors other than clopidogrel should be considered.
Anti-Platelet Therapy in Mild Cerebral Infarction Patients on the Basis of CYP2C19 Metabolizer Status.$$$ This study aimed to investigate the effects of CYP2C19 metabolizer status on the clinical therapeutic efficacy of cerebral infarction. Patients with cerebral infarction (n = 180; NIHSS score ≤ 5) were recruited and divided into Group A and Group B according to CYP2C19 metabolizer status. In Group A, patients received routine clopidogrel therapy for 1 year; in Group B, the patients with extensive metabolizer (EM) were treated with clopidogrel, and patients with intermediate metabolizer (IM) and poor metabolizer (PM) were treated with aspirin for 1 year. On admission, National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score was determined, and the therapeutic efficacy was evaluated with Modified Rankin Scale score after 1 year of treatment. The outcomes and adverse effects were recorded during the treatment. After routine clopidogrel treatment, the efficacy in EM patients was significantly better than in PM and IM patients. After adjustment of therapeutic protocol, the therapeutic efficacy in PM and IM patients was markedly improved, which was accompanied by significant reduction in recurrence rate of cerebral infarction. Although the adverse effects increased in patients receiving aspirin treatment, they resolved after symptomatic therapy. CYP2C19 metabolizer status is closely related to the clinical efficacy of clopidogrel. Thus, it is necessary to adjust the anti-platelet treatment according to the CYP2C19 metabolizer status to maximize therapeutic efficacy without increasing recurrence and adverse effects. FAU - Lan, Hu
Effect of CYP2C19*2 and *3 loss-of-function alleles on platelet reactivity and adverse clinical events in East Asian acute myocardial infarction survivors treated with clopidogrel and aspirin.$$$ BACKGROUND: As compared with whites, East Asians more often carry the cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) allele with the CYP2C19*3 variant. The influence of the CYP2C19 LOF alleles (*2 and *3) on clopidogrel response and clinical outcomes in East Asians with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) has not been reported. We sought to evaluate the effect of the CYP2C19 variants on clopidogrel pharmacodynamics and long-term prognosis in these patients. METHODS AND RESULTS: Patients who survived an AMI (n=266) were enrolled in a single-center registry. Predischarge platelet reactivity was assessed with light transmittance aggregometry and the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay; the CYP2C19*2, *3, *17 and ABCB1 3435C>T variants were determined. The primary clinical end point was the composite of cardiovascular death, nonfatal MI, and ischemic stroke. The median exposure to clopidogrel was 21 months (interquartile range, 13-29). The ABCB1 3435C>T was not related to clopidogrel response or cardiovascular events. Carriage of the CYP2C19 LOF variant allele was relatively high (60.9%, n=162; *2/*17=2, *3/*17=1, *1/*2=96, *1/*3=29, *2/*2=20, and *2/*3=14). Platelet reactivity increased proportionally according to the number of the CYP2C19 LOF alleles. In a multivariate regression analysis, the risk of high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR) increased depending on the number of CYP2C19 LOF allele [1 LOF allele; odds ratio (OR), 1.8; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.8 to 4.2, P=0.152; and 2 LOF alleles; OR, 2.8; 95% CI, 1.2 to 6.5; P=0.016]; platelet reactivity and the rate of HPR did not differ between the CYP2C19*2 versus *3 allele carriage. In addition, cardiovascular event occurrence increased according to the number of the CYP2C19 LOF allele; compared with noncarriers, carriers of 1 [hazard ratio (HR), 3.1; 95% CI, 0.8 to 11.6; P=0.089] and 2 CYP2C19 LOF allele(s) (HR, 10.1; 95% CI, 1.8-58.8; P=0.008) were associated with clinical end point. The clinical impact of the CYP2C19*2 versus *3 allele carriage also did not differ. CONCLUSIONS: Among East Asian patients who survived an AMI, the CYP2C19 LOF allele carriage appears to affect clopidogrel pharmacodynamics and cardiovascular events according to the number of the CYP2C19 LOF allele; the influence of the CYP2C19*2 and *3 alleles on clopidogrel response and long-term outcomes does not differ. FAU - Jeong, Young-Hoon
Clinical events as a function of proton pump inhibitor use, clopidogrel use, and cytochrome P450 2C19 genotype in a large nationwide cohort of acute myocardial infarction: results from the French Registry of Acute ST-Elevation and Non-ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction (FAST-MI) registry.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel requires metabolic activation by cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19). Proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) that inhibit CYP2C19 are commonly coadministered with clopidogrel to reduce the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding. This analysis compares treatment outcomes for patients in the French Registry of Acute ST-Elevation and Non-ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction (FAST-MI) who did or did not receive clopidogrel and/or PPIs. METHODS AND RESULTS: The FAST-MI registry included 3670 patients (2744 clopidogrel- and PPI-naïve patients) presenting with definite MI. Patients were categorized according to use of clopidogrel and/or PPI within 48 hours after hospital admission. PPI use was not associated with an increased risk for any of the main in-hospital events (in-hospital survival, reinfarction, stroke, bleeding, and transfusion). Likewise, PPI treatment was not an independent predictor of 1-year survival (hazard ratio, 0.97; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.87 to 1.08; P=0.57) or 1-year MI, stroke, or death (hazard ratio, 0.98; 95% CI, 0.90 to 1.08; P=0.72). No differences were seen when the type of PPI or CYP2C19 genotype was taken into account. In the propensity-matched cohorts, the odds ratios for major in-hospital events in PPI versus no PPI were 0.29 (95% CI, 0.06 to 1.44) and 1.70 (95% CI, 0.10 to 30.3) for patients with 1 and 2 variant alleles, respectively. Similarly, the hazard ratio for 1-year events in hospital survivors was 0.68 (95% CI, 0.26 to 1.79) and 0.55 (95% CI, 0.06 to 5.30), respectively. CONCLUSION: PPI use was not associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular events or mortality in patients administered clopidogrel for recent MI, whatever the CYP2C19 genotype, although harm could not be formally excluded in patients with 2 loss-of-function alleles. FAU - Simon, Tabassome
Glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitor use in patients with acute myocardial infarction undergoing PCI: Insights from the TRANSLATE ACS study.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Concomitant use of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors (GPI) and P2Y(12) inhibitors increases bleeding risk. How GPIs are being used with faster onset, higher potency P2Y(12) inhibitors are unclear. METHODS AND RESULTS: We studied 11,781 myocardial infarction (MI) patients treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) at 233 hospitals in the TRANSLATE ACS study (2010-2012). We used propensity matching to compare 6-week major adverse cardiac events (MACE: death, recurrent MI, stroke, or unplanned revascularization) and BARC 2+ bleeding events between patients who did and did not receive planned GPI. Planned and bailout GPI were used in 4,983 (42.2%) and 229 (4.4%) MI patients undergoing PCI, respectively. Patients receiving planned GPI were younger (58 vs. 61 years), more likely to present with STEMI (62.6% vs. 45.4%) or have stent thrombosis (4.2% vs. 2.1%, all P < 0.001) than those without planned GPI use. Planned GPI was used less often with prasugrel/ticagrelor versus clopidogrel (37.1% vs. 43.3%), or when any P2Y(12) inhibitor was given >6 hr prior to PCI versus earlier (27.8% vs. 44.4%, both P < 0.01). After propensity matching, planned GPI use was not associated with any difference in MACE (6.4% vs. 5.5% OR 1.18; 95% CI: 0.99-1.57), however, the risk of BARC 2+ bleeding was higher in patients who received planned GPI (11.3% vs. 8.7%; OR 1.34; 95% CI: 1.13-1.59). CONCLUSION: Planned GPI use as reported by practicing physicians was prevalent between 2010 and 2012 and was associated with increased risk of bleeding but not lower MACE.
Association of CYP2C19 Loss-of-Function Alleles with Major Adverse Cardiovascular Events of Clopidogrel in Stable Coronary Artery Disease Patients Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: Meta-analysis.$$$ PURPOSE: It was aimed to determine the aggregated risk of MACE (major adverse cardiovascular events) in stable CAD patients carrying CYP2C19 LoF alleles taking clopidogrel. METHODS: Literature was searched in different databases for relevant studies. Aggregated risk was estimated using a fixed/random effect model where p-value<0.05 was considered statistically significant. RESULTS: In total, 21 studies with 16,194 stable CAD patients were assessed. It was found that patients treated with clopidogrel carrying either one or two CYP2C19 LoF alleles who underwent PCI were associated with significantly increased risk of MACE compared to non-carriers (OR: 1.71, 95% CI: 1.51-1.94, p<0.00001) that was driven from cardiovascular death (OR: 1.43, 95% CI: 1.02-1.99, p=0.04), myocardial infarction (OR: 1.75, 95% CI: 1.42-2.16, p<0.00001), stroke (OR: 2.30, 95% CI: 1.52-3.47, p<0.0001), and stent thrombosis (OR: 4.08, 95% CI: 2.52-6.61, p<0.00001). It was also found that carriers of two CYP2C19 LoF alleles were associated with a significantly marked risk of MACE than non-carriers (OR: 2.22, 95% CI: 1.60-3.09, p<0.00001). Furthermore, the increased risk of MACE remained markedly significant in Asian patients (OR: 2.03, 95% CI: 1.72-2.40, p<0.00001) and was less significant in western patients (OR: 1.35, 95% CI: 1.11-1.63, p=0.002). Bleeding events were not significantly different in carriers of CYP2C19 LoF alleles compared to non-carriers (OR: 1.11, 95% CI: 0.85-1.45, p=0.43). CONCLUSION: Stable CAD patients treated with clopidogrel and carried CYP2C19 LoF alleles undergoing PCI were associated with significantly increased risk of MACE compared to non-carriers, even markedly significant for Asian patients.
Clopidogrel Is Associated with Reduced Likelihood of Aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage: a Multi-Center Matched Retrospective Analysis.$$$ Maladaptive inflammation underlies the formation and rupture of human intracranial aneurysms. There is a growing body of evidence that anti-inflammatory pharmaceuticals may beneficially modulate this process. Clopidogrel (Plavix) is a commonly used irreversible P2Y12 receptor antagonist with anti-inflammatory activity. In this paper, we investigate whether clopidogrel is associated with the likelihood of aneurysm rupture in a multi-institutional propensity-matched cohort analysis. Patients presenting for endovascular treatment of their unruptured intracranial aneurysms and those presenting with aneurysm rupture between 2015 and 2019 were prospectively identified at two quaternary referral centers. Patient demographics, comorbidities, and medication usage at the time of presentation were collected. Patients taking clopidogrel or not taking clopidogrel were matched in a 1:1 fashion with respect to location, age, smoking status, aneurysm size, aspirin usage, and hypertension. A total of 1048 patients with electively treated aneurysms or subarachnoid hemorrhages were prospectively identified. Nine hundred twenty-one patients were confirmed to harbor aneurysms during catheter-based diagnostic angiography. A total of 172/921 (19%) patients were actively taking clopidogrel at the time of presentation. Three hundred thirty-two patients were matched in a 1:1 fashion. A smaller proportion of patients taking clopidogrel at presentation had ruptured aneurysms than those who were not taking clopidogrel (6.6% vs 23.5%, p < .0001). Estimated treatment effect analysis demonstrated that clopidogrel usage decreased aneurysm rupture risk by 15%. We present, to the best of our knowledge, the first large-scale multi-institutional analysis suggesting clopidogrel use is protective against intracranial aneurysm rupture. It is our hope that these data will guide future investigation, revealing the pathophysiologic underpinning of this association.
Effects of genetic variants on platelet reactivity and one-year clinical outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention: A prospective multicentre registry study.$$$ Clopidogrel is the mainstay for antiplatelet treatment after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). The relationship of platelet reactivity and genetic polymorphism with clinical outcomes with newer-generation drug-eluting stents is unclear. We analysed 4,587 patients for the most powerful single-nucleotide polymorphisms (CYP2C19, CYP2C9, ABCB1, PON1, and P2Y12) related to on-treatment platelet reactivity (OPR). The optimal cut-off value of high OPR for major adverse thrombotic events was 266. CYP2C19 was significantly associated with high OPR and the number of CYP2C19*R (*2 or *3) alleles was proportional to the increased risk of high OPR. Death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, stent thrombosis, and bleeding events were assessed during a 1-year follow-up period. Primary endpoints were death and non-fatal MI. The cumulative 1-year incidence of death and stent thrombosis was significantly higher in patients with CYP2C19*2/*2, CYP2C19*2/*3, and CYP2C19*3/*3 (Group 3) than in patients with CYP2C19*1/*1 (Group 1). Multivariate Cox proportional hazard model showed that cardiac death risk was significantly higher in Group 3 than in Group 1 (hazard ratio 2.69, 95% confidence interval 1.154-6.263, p = 0.022). No association was reported between bleeding and OPR. Thus, CYP2C19 may exert a significant impact on the prognosis of PCI patients even in the era of newer-generation drug-eluting stents. FAU - Joo, Hyung Joon
Safety and Effectiveness of Contemporary P2Y(12) Inhibitors in an East Asian Population With Acute Coronary Syndrome: A Nationwide Population-Based Cohort Study.$$$ Background Prior reports indicate that the effect of P2Y(12) inhibitors may be different in East Asian patients ("East Asian paradox"); therefore, understanding the outcomes associated with potent P2Y(12) inhibitors in different populations is clinically important. Methods and Results In this observational cohort study using administrative healthcare data sets, we compared safety and effectiveness of contemporary P2Y(12) inhibitors in patients with acute coronary syndrome. The primary safety outcomes were major and any bleeding, and the primary effectiveness outcomes were major cardiovascular events (a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke) and all-cause mortality. Among 70 715 patients with acute coronary syndrome, 56 216 (79.5%) used clopidogrel, 11 402 (16.1%) used ticagrelor, and 3097 (4.4%) used prasugrel. The median follow-up period was 18.0 months (interquartile range: 9.6-26.4 months). In a propensity-matched cohort, compared with clopidogrel, ticagrelor was associated with a higher risk of any bleeding (hazard ratio: 1.23; 95% CI, 1.14-1.33) but a lower risk of mortality (hazard ratio: 0.76; 95% CI, 0.63-0.91). Prasugrel, compared with clopidogrel, was associated with higher risks of any bleeding (hazard ratio: 1.23; 95% CI, 1.06-1.43) and major bleeding (hazard ratio: 1.50; 95% CI, 1.01-2.21) but a similar risk of effectiveness outcomes. No significant difference was noted between ticagrelor and prasugrel with respect to key safety or effectiveness outcomes. Several sensitivity analyses showed similar results. Conclusions In East Asian patients with acute coronary syndrome, compared with clopidogrel, ticagrelor was associated with an increased risk of bleeding but a decreased risk of mortality. Prasugrel was associated with an increase of any bleeding without difference in effectiveness outcomes. The risks of bleeding and ischemic events were similar between ticagrelor and prasugrel. FAU - Yun, Ji Eun
Prevalence of pharmacogenomic variants affecting the efficacy of clopidogrel therapy in the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos cohort.$$$ PURPOSE: Although clopidogrel is the most widely used oral P2Y12 receptor antagonist, up to 10% of acute coronary syndrome patients treated with clopidogrel will experience a recurrent myocardial infarction and 2-3% will experience stent thrombosis within 1 year. The purpose of this research is to describe the prevalence of pharmacogene variants associated with clopidogrel responsiveness (CYP2C19, B4GALT2, ABCB1, PON1, CES1 and P2RY12) in Hispanic/Latino patients of diverse backgrounds. METHODS: Minor allele frequencies of nine variants from participants of Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos were compared between subpopulations as well as to continental ancestry references using z-test for independent proportions. RESULTS: MAFs for six out of nine variants differed between Caribbean and Mainland subpopulations (p < 0.05). Compared with European reference group, MAFs of ABCB1, CES1 and PON1 were higher in Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos, whereas B4GALT2 and CYP2C19*2 and *17 were lower. CONCLUSION: Significant differences in the prevalence of most pharmacogenomic variants related to clopidogrel response provide a foundation to better inform ongoing and future clinical studies of clopidogrel pharmacogenetics in the US Hispanic/Latino populations. FAU - Melin, Kyle
On-Treatment Platelet Reactivity is a Predictor of Adverse Events in Peripheral Artery Disease Patients Undergoing Percutaneous Angioplasty.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Few data are available on the association between a different entity of platelet inhibition on antiplatelet treatment and clinical outcomes in patients with peripheral artery disease (PAD). The aim of this study was to evaluate the degree of on-treatment platelet reactivity, and its association with ischaemic and haemorrhagic adverse events at follow up in PAD patients undergoing percutaneous transluminal angioplasty (PTA). METHODS: In this observational, prospective, single centre study, 177 consecutive patients with PAD undergoing PTA were enrolled, and treated with dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor. Platelet function was assessed on blood samples obtained within 24 h from PTA by light transmission aggregometry (LTA) using arachidonic acid (AA) and adenosine diphosphate (ADP) as agonists of platelet aggregation. High on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR) was defined by LTA ≥ 20% if induced by AA, and LTA ≥ 70% if induced by ADP. Follow up was performed to record outcomes (death, major amputation, target vessel re-intervention, acute myocardial infarction and/or myocardial revascularisation, stroke/TIA, and bleeding). RESULTS: HPR by AA and HPR by ADP were found in 45% and 32% of patients, respectively. During follow up (median duration 23 months) 23 deaths (13%) were recorded; 27 patients (17.5%) underwent target limb revascularisation (TLR), two (1.3%) amputation, and six (3.9%) myocardial revascularisation. Twenty-four patients (15.6%) experienced minor bleeding. On multivariable analysis, HPR by AA and HPR by ADP were independent predictors of death [HR 3.8 (1.2-11.7), p = .023 and HR 4.8 (1.6-14.5), p = .006, respectively]. The median value of LTA by ADP was significantly lower in patients with bleeding complications than in those without [26.5% (22-39.2) vs. 62% (44.5-74), p < .001). LTA by ADP ≤ 41% was independently associated with bleeding HR 14.6 (2.6-24.0), p = .001] on multivariable analysis. CONCLUSIONS: In this study a high prevalence of on-clopidogrel and aspirin high platelet reactivity was found, which was significantly associated with the risk of death. Conversely, a low on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity was associated with a higher risk of bleeding. These results document that the entity of platelet inhibition is associated with both thrombotic and bleeding complications in PAD patients.
[Efficacy and mechanism of loading dose clopidogrel in patients with transient ischemic attack and minor stroke].$$$ Objective: To assess outcome, safety and possible mechanism of loading dose clopidogrel in patients with transient ischemic attack (TIA) and minor stroke. Methods: We reviewed patients with confirmed TIA and minor stroke admitted between July 2016 and December 2017 into the First Affiliated Hospital of Soochow University. Loss-of-function allele carriers of CYP2C19 were included and randomly divided into loading dose group (first dose of 300 mg clopidogrel) and standard dose group (first dose of 75 mg clopidogrel), 100 mg aspirin was gave at the same time, followed by aspirin 100 mg/d plus clopidogrel 75 mg/d maintaining for 20 days. Platelet aggregation (maximum aggregation ratio, MAR) induced by Adenosine diphosphate (ADP) was examined before and 3 days after administration. The National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) score method was employed to assess the NIHSS scores before and after treatment in each group of patients; the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) was used to assess the 3-month functional outcome. Results: There was no significant difference in baseline data between the two groups (P>0.05).The proportion of early neurological function improvement in the two groups was 75.0% and 54.8%, and the difference was statistically significant (χ(2)=4.498, P=0.034). The 3-month prognosis was 79.5% and 61.3%, and the difference was statistically significant (χ(2)=4.000, P=0.045). Adverse events: 1 case in the loading dose group, 1 case in the standard dose group, the difference was not statistically significant (2.3% vs 1.6%, χ(2)=0.061, P=0.806). After 3 days of antiplatelet therapy, the MAR of the loading dose group decreased (11%±8%), and the MAR of the standard dose group decreased (9%±4%), the difference was statistically significant (P=0.013).In the loading dose group, there were 32 (72.7%)CYP2C19*2 carriers and 42 (95.5%)CYP2C19*2+*3 carriers; early neurological function improvement in 33 cases, accounting for 93.8% and 76.2%, respectively, and the difference was statistically significant (χ(2)=4.122, P=0.042). There were 35 patients with good prognosis in 3 months, accounting for 96.9% and 81.0%, respectively. The difference was statistically significant (χ(2)=4.310, P=0.038); MAR of CYP2C19*2 carrier was decreased (15%±5%), and MAR of CYP2C19*2+*3 carrier was decreased (12%±8%). The difference was statistically significant (P=0.039). Conclusions: Loading dose clopidogrel can improve the clinical prognosis of minor stroke/TIA without increasing the risk of bleeding. Loading dose clopidogrel may improve the prognosis of minor stroke/TIA by decreasing MAR of CYP2C19*2 carriers. FAU - Yang, L
Reasons for the Failure of Platelet Function Testing to Adjust Antiplatelet Therapy: Pharmacodynamic Insights From the ARCTIC Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: In the ARCTIC trial (Assessment by a Double Randomization of a Conventional Antiplatelet Strategy Versus a Monitoring-Guided Strategy for Drug-Eluting Stent Implantation and of Treatment Interruption Versus Continuation One Year After Stenting), treatment adjustment following platelet function testing failed to improve clinical outcomes. However, high-on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR) is considered as a predictor of poor ischemic outcome. This prespecified substudy evaluated clinical outcomes according to the residual platelet reactivity status after antiplatelet therapy adjustment. METHODS: We analyzed the 1213 patients assigned to the monitoring arm of the ARCTIC trial in whom platelet reactivity was evaluated by the VerifyNow P2Y(12) test before percutaneous coronary intervention and during the maintenance phase (at 14 days). HPR was defined as platelet reaction unit≥235U. The primary ischemic end point, a composite of death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, stroke, or urgent revascularization and the safety end point of major bleeding were assessed according to the platelet reactivity status. RESULTS: Before percutaneous coronary intervention, 35.7% of patients displayed HPR (n=419). During the acute phase, between percutaneous coronary intervention and the 14-day platelet function testing, ischemic (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.94 [95% CI, 0.74-1.18]; P=0.58) and safety outcomes (hazard ratio, 1.28 [95% CI, 0.22-7.59]; P=0.78) were similar in HPR and non-HPR patients. During the maintenance phase, the proportion of HPR patients (n=186, 17.4%) decreased by 56%. At 1-year, there was no difference for the ischemic end point (5.9% versus 6.0%; adjusted hazard ratio, 0.79 [95% CI, 0.40-1.58]; P=0.51) and a nonsignificant higher rate of major bleedings (2.7% versus 1.0%, hazard ratio, 2.83 [95% CI, 0.96-8.41]; P=0.06) in HPR versus non-HPR patients. CONCLUSIONS: The proportion of HPR was halved after platelet function testing and treatment adjustment but without significant ischemic benefit at 1 year. HPR seems more as a modifiable risk marker than a risk factor of ischemic outcome. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT00827411. FAU - Lattuca, Benoit
New anti-platelet agents: the end of resistance?$$$ Despite improved clinical outcomes from dual anti-platelet therapy with aspirin plus the CYP12 ADP receptor antagonist clopidogrel in patients undergoing coronary revascularisation, ex-vivo platelet function testing consistently reveals a proportion of patients with apparent resistance or non-response to clopidogrel loading and maintenance therapy who are at increased risk of coronary thrombosis. Treatment regimens using the newer CYP12 antagonists prasugrel and ticagrelor demonstrate improved ex-vivo platelet inhibition and superior clinical efficacy in large-scale clinical trials-even in patients demonstrating clopidogrel resistance. However, improved efficacy comes at the cost of an increased overall risk of bleeding for both drugs. Further analysis of the outcomes from large scale clinical studies suggests that individual patient sub-groups differ both in their liklehood of bleeding with newer anti-platelet agents and with regard to efficacy outcomes. Therefore when deciding anti-platelet regimens in suspected acute coronary syndrome, particular consideration must be given to patient's risk of thrombosis (STEMI, previous stent thrombosis), the procedure (complex PCI, thrombus in-situ, strategy of pre-treatment), and factors affecting safety (patient age, patient weight, previous stroke, liklehood of surgical revascularisation). Placing the focus on individualised patient risk-benefit assessment with appropriate use of platelet function testing when indicated, in combination with the ongoing assessment of prasugrel and ticagrelor in larger numbers of patients should be the key strategies governing use of dual anti-platelet therapy.
Influence of C3435T multidrug resistance gene-1 (MDR-1) polymorphism on platelet reactivity and prognosis in patients with acute coronary syndromes.$$$ BACKGROUND: Genetic C3435T polymorphism of the multidrug resistance gene-1 (MDR-1) limits oral bioavailability of clopidogrel and influences prognosis in patients with myocardial infarction. AIM: To assess the effects of C3435T polymorphism on platelet reactivity and prognosis in patients with acute coronary syndromes treated with percutaneous coronary intervention with stenting. METHODS: Ninety-eight patients were divided into subgroups according to closure time (CT) measured with the Platelet Function Analyzer-100 by means of collagen/adenosine diphosphate (CADP) and collagen/epinephrine (CEPI) cartridges. Patients with CADP-CT<130 s and patients with CEPI-CT<or=193 s were defined as non-full responders to antiplatelet therapy. Patients with coexisting polymorphism of P2Y12 and CYP2C19 genes were excluded from the analysis. The primary outcome was the composite of death, non-fatal myocardial infarction and non-fatal stroke. RESULTS: Patients carrying the homozygous TT genotype were more likely to have an impaired response to antiplatelet therapy in the test with ADP in comparison to carriers of homozygous CC genotype (OR 5.23; 95% CI 1.34-20.45; p=0.017). For CT heterozygotes in comparison to CC genotype a weak trend toward non-full response to antiplatelet therapy in the CADP test was observed (OR 2.71; 95% CI 0.80-9.14; p=0.11). No relationship between MDR-1 C3435T polymorphism and response in CEPI test was observed either for TT homozygotes or for heterozygotes (p=0.57 and p=0.55, respectively). During a mean 1.7 years of follow-up no significant difference in the risk of the primary end point was observed. CONCLUSIONS: The C3435T polymorphism of the MDR-1 gene influences ADP dependent platelet reactivity in patients with acute coronary syndrome but does not affect mid-term prognosis in this population. FAU - Spiewak, Mateusz
The introduction of ticagrelor is associated with lower rates of recurrent ischemic stroke after myocardial infarction.$$$ BACKGROUND: Previous ischemic stroke is a predictor of recurrent ischemic stroke after an acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Dual antiplatelet therapy, including a P2Y12-inhibitor, is important in secondary prevention after AMI. Ticagrelor, a P2Y12-inhibitor, is more potent than the commonly used clopidogrel. Here, we evaluated the impact of ticagrelor on the risk of ischemic stroke following AMI in patients with previous ischemic stroke. METHODS: Data for patients with AMI that had a previous ischemic stroke were obtained from the Swedish Registry of Information and Knowledge about Swedish Heart Intensive Care Admissions. Patients were assigned to early and late cohorts, each covering a two-year time period before and after, respectively, the introduction of ticagrelor prescriptions (20 Dec 2011). Patients in the early cohort (n = 1633) were treated with clopidogrel (100%); those in the late cohort (n = 1642) were treated with either clopidogrel (66.3%) or ticagrelor (33.7%). We assessed the risk of ischemic stroke and intracranial bleeding over time with Kaplan-Meier analyses. We identified predictors of ischemic stroke with multivariable Cox regression analyses. RESULTS: Of 3275 patients, 311 experienced ischemic stroke after AMI. Cumulative Kaplan-Meier incidence estimates of ischemic stroke within one year after AMI were 12.1% versus 8.6% for the early and late cohorts, respectively (p<0.01). Intracranial bleeding incidences (1.2% versus 1.5%) were similar between the two cohorts. CONCLUSIONS: Ticagrelor introduction was associated with a lower rate of ischemic stroke, with no increase in intracranial bleeding, in an AMI population with a history of ischemic stroke. FAU - Henriksson, Robin
Association of CYP2C19 Polymorphisms with the Clinical Efficacy of Clopidogrel Therapy in Patients Undergoing Carotid Artery Stenting in Asia.$$$ The CYP2C19 gene plays a detrimental role in the metabolism of clopidogrel. This study aimed to investigate the association between CYP2C19 polymorphisms and the clinical efficacy of clopidogrel therapy in patients who have undergone carotid artery stenting (CAS). CYP2C19 genotype screening was performed on 959 ischemic stroke patients. Of these patients, 241 who had undergone CAS were enrolled in the study. They were all followed up for 1 year after stent surgery, and the primary clinical end-points were ischemic events. The frequencies of the CYP2C19*2 and *3 alleles among the 959 patients were 31.80% and 5.06%, respectively. Regarding the 241 participants who had undergone CAS, multivariate Cox regression analysis showed that the CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles (*2 and *3) were risk factors for post-CAS prognosis. Within 1 year of follow-up, the patients carrying the CYP2C19 LOF alleles were more likely to experience ischemic events than those carrying none. The occurrence of ischemic events did not significantly differ between the *2 and *3 allele carriers. Our results suggest that CYP2C19 LOF alleles (*2 and *3) significantly impact the prognosis of patients on clopidogrel therapy after CAS and that the CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 alleles have the same effects on prognosis. FAU - Zhu, Wen-Yao
Personalized antiplatelet therapy according to CYP2C19 genotype after percutaneous coronary intervention: a randomized control trial.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study is to compare personalized antiplatelet therapy according to CYP2C19 phenotype with conventional antiplatelet therapy in patients after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS: A total of 600 patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) undergoing PCI randomly received a personalized antiplatelet therapy (group A; n=301) or conventional antiplatelet treatment (group B; n=299). For group A, antiplatelet therapy was performed according to CYP2C19 phenotype. For group B, the patients received conventional antiplatelet treatment without detected CYP2C19 genotype. The primary end point was compared between these two groups. This study is registered with the Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (ChiCTR-TRC-11001807). RESULTS: The primary end point occurred in 27 patients assigned to conventional treatment as compared with 8 patients assigned to personalized therapy (cumulative event rate, 9.03% vs. 2.66%; P<0.01). The composite rate of death, myocardial infarction, or stroke at 180 days occurred in 3 and 18 patients in the two groups, respectively (cumulative event rate, 1.0% and 6.2%, P<0.01). The cumulative 180-day incidence of ST was significantly lower in group A than in group B (0.66% vs. 3.01%, P=0.032). The 180-day incidence of MI (0.33% vs. 3.01%, P=0.011) and death (0.33% vs. 2.34%, P=0.011) was fewer than that in control, respectively. We did not find the significant difference in bleeding events between the 2 groups. CONCLUSION: Personalized antiplatelet therapy according to CYP2C19 genotype after PCI can significantly decrease the incidence of major adverse cardiovascular events and the risk of 180-day ST in Chinese population.
Antiplatelet therapy for prevention of recurrent stroke.$$$ Stroke is a common public health problem. About 25% of strokes are recurrent ones. Stroke subtype should be defined to determine the best evidence-based antithrombotic treatment option for preventing recurrent stroke. When choosing an antiplatelet agent for this purpose, clinicians should take into account cost, side effect profile, medical comorbidity, and patient preference.To prevent recurrent stroke, aspirin alone (50-325 mg/d), a combination of aspirin (25 mg) plus extended-release dipyridamole (200 mg), given twice daily, or clopidogrel (75 mg/d) may be used as initial treatment. Aspirin is an efficacious, relatively safe, widely available, inexpensive, and easy-to-use antiplatelet agent. Current evidence suggests that administration of low-dose aspirin (< 325 mg/d or < 100 mg/d in various studies) is at least as efficacious as higher-dose aspirin (eg, > 325 mg/d) but is safer. The combination of aspirin plus extended-release dipyridamole is more efficacious than low-dose aspirin alone (eg, 50 or 75 mg/d) in preventing recurrent stroke.Clopidogrel (75 mg/d) may be more efficacious than aspirin alone (325 mg/d) for prevention of recurrent stroke. Clopidogrel is a prodrug that must be converted in the liver to its active metabolite by cytochrome P450 enzymes. Certain polymorphisms (eg, CYP2C19) may prevent this conversion and lead to failure of clopidogrel to prevent major cardiovascular events.In patients with well-controlled or treated cardiovascular risk factors, aspirin plus extended-release dipyridamole and clopidogrel may provide similar results in preventing recurrent stroke, but aspirin plus extended-release dipyridamole may be associated with a slightly higher risk of major hemorrhage. Careful control of vascular risk factors is an important strategy for prevention of recurrent stroke, and blood pressure control reduces the risk of both brain hemorrhage and infarction.Prasugrel, a new thienopyridine derivative, more quickly and consistently inhibits platelets than clopidogrel. In stroke patients, prasugrel may be associated with a higher risk of brain hemorrhage, so it may not be indicated when there is a history of cerebrovascular disease. FAU - Badruddin, Aamir
Optimal P2Y12 Inhibitor in Patients With ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction Undergoing Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Network Meta-Analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The study sought to compare the clinical efficacy and safety of P2Y12 inhibitors in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) undergoing primary percutaneous intervention (PPCI). BACKGROUND: Limited data exist regarding the comparative efficacy and safety of P2Y12 inhibitors in STEMI patients undergoing PPCI. METHODS: Clinical trials enrolling STEMI patients were identified and relevant data was extracted. Major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) were defined as the composite of all cause mortality, MI, and target vessel revascularization. Network meta-analysis was performed using Bayesian methods. RESULTS: A total of 37 studies with 88,402 STEMI patients and 5,077 MACE were analyzed. Outcomes at 1 month (22 studies and 60,783 patients) suggest that prasugrel was associated with: lower MACE than clopidogrel (standard dose odds ratio [OR]: 0.59, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.50 to 0.69; high-dose OR: 0.60, 95% CI: 0.51 to 0.71; upstream OR: 0.79, 95% CI: 0.66 to 0.94), and ticagrelor (standard dose OR: 0.69, 95% CI: 0.56 to 0.84; upstream OR: 0.72, 95% CI: 0.50 to 1.05); lower mortality and MI than clopidogrel and standard ticagrelor; lower stroke risk than standard clopidogrel and standard or upstream ticagrelor; and lower stent thrombosis than standard or upstream clopidogrel. At 1-year (10 studies, n = 40,333) prasugrel was associated with lower mortality and MACE than other P2Y12 inhibitors. MACE was particularly lower with prasugrel in studies where patients received bivalirudin, drug-eluting stents, and but not glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitor. CONCLUSIONS: In STEMI patients undergoing PPCI, prasugrel and ticagrelor are more efficacious than clopidogrel; in addition, prasugrel was superior to ticagrelor particularly in conjunction with bivalirudin and drug-eluting stents.
Dual Antiplatelet Therapy Guided by CYP2C19 Polymorphisms after Implantation of Second-Generation Drug-Eluting Stents for Management of Acute Coronary Syndrome.$$$ Prasugrel, a novel P2Y12 receptor inhibitor, is administered to patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), but it can increase the risk of bleeding. The Japanese exhibit weaker responses to clopidogrel than other races because of CYP2C19 polymorphisms; thus, it is unclear whether these patients should continue dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) using prasugrel or switch to clopidogrel in the chronic phase. Here we evaluated the clinical outcomes of DAPT guided by CYP2C19 polymorphisms after implantation of second-generation drug-eluting stents (DESs) for ACS management. Patients with ACS receiving PCI via DES from November 2011 to March 2015 were divided into two groups: conventional DAPT with clopidogrel (n = 41) and gene-guided DAPT (n = 24). In the gene-guided DAPT group, all patients with ACS were given DAPT using prasugrel as soon as possible; extensive and intermediate metabolizers receiving PCI for the first time were switched to clopidogrel at least 2 weeks after discharge, and intermediate metabolizers with repeated ACS and poor metabolizers continued on DAPT using prasugrel. Notably, gene-guided DAPT significantly reduced major adverse cardiovascular/cerebrovascular events (MACCEs; 22.0% versus 4.2%, hazard ratio [HR]: 0.15, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.01-0.81; P = 0.0247). Hemorrhagic complications were observed in 3.1% of patients receiving conventional DAPT and absent in the gene-guided group. Moreover, multivariate analysis showed that gene-guided DAPT significantly decreased MACCE incidence (HR: 0.15, 95% CI: 0.01-0.81; P = 0.033). Collectively, these data suggest that CYP2C19 polymorphism analysis may improve treatment decisions in patients with ACS receiving DES-PCI. FAU - Ozawa, Takuya
Comparison of a new P2Y12 receptor specific platelet aggregation test with other laboratory methods in stroke patients on clopidogrel monotherapy.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clinical studies suggest that 10-50% of patients are resistant to clopidogrel therapy. ADP induced platelet aggregation, a widely used test to monitor clopidogrel therapy, is affected by aspirin and is not specific for the P2Y12 receptor inhibited by clopidogrel. OBJECTIVES: To develop a P2Y12-specific platelet aggregation test and to compare it with other methods used for monitoring clopidogrel therapy. PATIENTS/METHODS: Study population included 111 patients with the history of ischemic stroke being on clopidogrel monotherapy and 140 controls. The effect of clopidogrel was tested by a newly developed ADP(PGE1) aggregation test in which prostaglandin E1 treated platelets are used. Results of conventional ADP induced platelet aggregation, VerifyNow P2Y12 assay and ADP(PGE1) aggregation were compared to those obtained by flow cytometric analysis of vasodilator stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) phosphorylation. Reference intervals for all assays were determined according to the guidelines of Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute. RESULTS: The P2Y12-specificity of ADP(PGE1) test was proven by comparing it with ADP aggregation in the presence of P2Y1 antagonist, adenosine 3', 5'-diphosphate. The method was not influenced by aspirin treatment. Approximately 50% of patients were clopidogrel resistant by conventional ADP aggregation and VerifyNow tests. The ADP(PGE1) method and the VASP phosphorylation assay identified 25.9% and 11.7% of patients as non-responders, respectively. ADP(PGE1) aggregation showed good correlation with VASP phosphorylation and had high diagnostic efficiency. CONCLUSION: The new ADP(PGE1) method is a reliable test for monitoring P2Y12 receptor inhibition by platelet aggregation. As a subset of patients are non-responders, monitoring clopidogrel therapy by adequate methods is essential. FAU - Bagoly, Zsuzsa
Existence of a clinically relevant interaction between clopidogrel and HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors? Re-evaluating the evidence.$$$ Clopidogrel is an inactive prodrug, which requires activation by the cytochrome P450 3A4 system in order to exert its antiplatelet action. Some statins (atorvastatin, lovastatin and simvastatin) also requires metabolism by the cytochrome P450 3A4 system. From a theoretical point of view, a clinical relevant interaction may exist between clopidogrel and cytochrome P450 3A4 metabolized statins. Nine studies have investigated the existence of this potential interaction. Seven studies have used results based on platelet function as surrogate endpoints and two studies have dealt with objective clinical events including mortality, acute myocardial infarction and stroke. However the studies have yielded conflicting results. This controversy is primarily caused by substantial differences in study design and methods used for assessment of the antiaggregatory effect of clopidogrel. Most studies have included too few patients, and there appears to be no consensus regarding the definition of and optimal way of measuring the platelet inhibitory effect of clopidogrel. Therefore an adequately powered prospective study, ensuring elimination of identified possible confounders and with the use of a well-defined surrogate ex vivo parameter should be performed. FAU - Poulsen, Tina Svenstrup
Impact of the CYP2C19*17 polymorphism on the clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in Asian patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ The impact of the CYP2C19*17 polymorphism on the clinical outcome in Asians undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) is unknown. We sought to assess the long-term impact of CYP2C19*17 on the risk for adverse clinical events in 2188 Korean patients taking clopidogrel after PCI. The prevalence of the CYP2C19*17 allele [*wt/*17: 2.4% (n = 53), *17/*17: 0%] was very low. The 2-year cumulative event rates for bleeding [*wt/*17 vs. *wt/*wt: 2 vs. 2.3%; adjusted hazard ratio (HR), 1.23; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.16-9.45], stent thrombosis (2 vs. 1.1%; HR, 3.98; 95% CI, 0.49-31.6) or composite of any death, and myocardial infarction or stroke (5.4 vs. 7.1%; HR, 1.37; 95% CI, 0.32-5.73) did not differ on the basis of the presence of CYP2C19*17. In conclusion, in our study population of Asian patients, the CYP2C19*17 polymorphism was not associated with adverse clinical outcomes after PCI because of its low prevalence, the rarity of homozygotes, and the relatively low rate of adverse clinical events. FAU - Park, Mahn-Won
A randomized, double-blind, active-controlled phase 2 trial to evaluate a novel selective and reversible intravenous and oral P2Y12 inhibitor elinogrel versus clopidogrel in patients undergoing nonurgent percutaneous coronary intervention: the INNOVATE-PCI trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: We evaluated the safety, efficacy, and tolerability of elinogrel, a competitive, reversible intravenous and oral P2Y(12) inhibitor that does not require metabolic activation, in patients undergoing nonurgent percutaneous coronary intervention. METHODS AND RESULTS: In a randomized, double-blind, dose-ranging phase 2b trial, 652 patients received either 300 or 600 mg of clopidogrel pre-percutaneous coronary intervention followed by 75 mg daily or 80 or 120 mg of IV elinogrel followed by 50, 100, or 150 mg oral elinogrel twice daily. Numerous exploratory safety and efficacy end points were assessed and, as such, had no prespecified primary end point, and the study was not powered to conclusively evaluate its objectives. Thrombolysis in myocardial infarction combined bleeding was increased with elinogrel (hazard ratio, 1.98; 95% confidence interval, 1.10 to 3.57), related largely to increased bleeding requiring medical attention (elinogrel 47/408 [11.5%] versus clopidogrel 13/208 [6.3%]) and occurring primarily at the percutaneous coronary intervention access site. Efficacy end points and postprocedure cardiac enzyme were similar, but there was a nonsignificant higher frequency of periprocedural myocardial infarctions in the elinogrel arms (OR, 1.59; 95% confidence interval, 0.79 to 3.48). There was an increased incidence of dyspnea (elinogrel 50/408 [12.3%] versus clopidogrel 8/208 [3.8%]) and transaminase elevation (alanine transferase/aspartate transferase >3× the upper limit of normal; elinogrel 18/408 [4.4%] versus clopidogrel 2/208 [1.0%]) in the elinogrel arms, but there were no cases of heart block, bradycardia, hypotension, or liver failure. CONCLUSIONS: In patients undergoing nonurgent percutaneous coronary intervention and in comparison with clopidogrel, intravenous and oral elinogrel therapy did not significantly increase thrombolysis in myocardial infarction major or minor bleeding, although bleeding requiring medical attention was more common. The significance of these findings will need to be more definitively determined in future Phase 3 studies. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT00751231. FAU - Welsh, Robert C
Combined influence of proton-pump inhibitors, calcium-channel blockers and CYP2C19*2 on on-treatment platelet reactivity and on the occurrence of atherothrombotic events after percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND: The carriage of CYP2C19*2 and the use of proton-pump inhibitors (PPIs) and calcium-channel blockers (CCBs) has been associated with the diminished efficacy of clopidogrel. However, previous studies have only assessed the isolated impact of these risk factors for clopidogrel poor response. OBJECTIVES: The aim of the present study was to investigate the impact of the combined presence of three risk factors for clopidogrel poor response, that is, the use of CCBs, PPIs and the carriage of CYP2C19*2, on on-treatment platelet reactivity and the occurrence of atherothrombotic events in 725 patients on dual antiplatelet therapy undergoing elective coronary stenting. METHODS: In a prospective, follow-up study, on-treatment platelet reactivity was quantified using ADP-induced light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) and the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay. The clinical study endpoint was the composite of all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis and stroke at 1 year after stenting. RESULTS: Patients with either one or more than one risk factor exhibited increased platelet reactivity (mean relative increase one risk factor: 11% and > 1 risk factor: 22%, respectively). Sixty-four events occurred during follow-up (8.8% of the study population). Patients with one risk factor for clopidogrel poor response did not have an increased risk of the composite endpoint. However, patients using both CCBs and PPIs and carriers of CYP2C19*2 who used CCBs had a statistically significant increased risk of the composite endpoint [hazard ratio(HR)(adj) 2.2 95% CI, 1.0-5.3, P = 0.044 and HR(adj) 3.3 95% CI, 1.1-9.8, P = 0.032, respectively]. CONCLUSIONS: The presence of more than one of the three investigated risk factors for clopidogrel poor response is associated with an increased risk of adverse cardiovascular events within 1 year after elective coronary stenting.
Comparison of 4 different strategies of DAPT after PCI in ACS real world population from a Northern Italy registry.$$$ Aim of the study was to compare four different strategies of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) treated with PCI. DAPT with Clopidogrel, Ticagrelor and Prasugrel has proved to be effective in patients with ACS treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) by reducing major adverse cardiovascular outcomes (MACE). However, the effect of the different strategies in a real-world population deserves further verification. A retrospective analysis of 2404 discharged ACS patients treated with PCI was performed, with a median follow-up of 1 year. The study population was stratified in four drug treatment cohorts: ASA + Clopidogrel (A-C), ASA + Plavix (A-PLx), ASA + Ticagrelor (A-T), ASA + Prasugrel (A-P). We assessed the incidence of net adverse cardiovascular events (NACE): all-cause death, myocardial infarction (MI), target vessel revascularization (TVR), stroke and bleeding during follow-up. At 1-year, the use of A-C and A-PLx was associated with the highest cumulative incidence of NACE in comparison with A-T and A-P therapies (respectively 14.8 and 29.6% vs. 9.2 and 6%). This difference was mainly driven by the mortality and TVR outcomes. Considering selection bias and differences in the patients baseline characteristics, the association of A-T and A-P seems to be superior in comparison with a DAPT strategy of A-C and A-PLx in low risk ACS-PCI patients from real world. In our Region the prescription is consistent with guidelines recommendations and Clopidogrel and Plavix are still predominantly used in older patients with more comorbidities, and this could partially explain the inferiority of this association. FAU - Rasia, Marta
Novel oral P2Y12 inhibitor prasugrel vs. clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndrome: evidence based on 6 studies.$$$ BACKGROUND: Whether prasugrel can take the place of clopidogrel for patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is not clear. The aim of this study was to perform a meta-analysis for systematically reviewing the evidence on prasugrel in comparison to clopidogrel in patients with ACS. MATERIAL/METHODS: Relevant prospective and retrospective studies were searched in databases. Six studies were finally included. Pooled risk ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated to assess all causes of death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, major bleeding, major/minor bleeding, and stent thrombosis (for PCI performed). RESULTS: Compared with clopidogrel, prasugrel had similar risks of all cause of death (Pooled RR: 0.83; 95% CI: 0.64-1.06, p=0.14, I2=55%), MI (Pooled RR: 0.86; 95% CI: 0.71-1.04, p=0.12) and stroke (pooled RR: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.70-1.10, p=0.25). However, prasugrel was associated with significantly higher risk of both major bleeding (Pooled RR: 1.19; 95% CI: 0.99-1.44, p=0.06, I2=0%) and the risk of total major and minor bleeding (Pooled RR: 1.30; 95% CI: 1.15-1.48, p<0.0001, I2=0%). For the patients who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), prasugrel was associated with significantly lower risk of stent thrombosis (Pooled RR: 0.47; 95% CI: 0.34-0.61, p<0.00001, I2=0%). CONCLUSIONS: Prasugrel has similar effects as clopidogrel in terms of all causes of death, MI, and stroke in ACS patients. For the patients who underwent PCI, prasugrel contributes to lower risk of stent thrombosis. However, prasugrel is associated with significantly higher risk of bleeding. For the patients with active pathological bleeding or a history of stroke and/or TIA, prasugrel should not be recommended. FAU - Jia, Min
Antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel dose adjustment (75 mg/d vs 150 mg/d) after carotid stenting.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Clopidogrel plays a central role in the treatment of patients undergoing carotid artery stenting (CAS). The objective was to evaluate the effect of clopidogrel (75 mg/d) on platelet reactivity in responders and nonresponders and the antiplatelet effect of different doses of clopidogrel in patients with high on-treatment reactivity (OTR) after CAS. METHODS: Patients with high OTR (defined by VerifyNow (Accumetrics, San Diego, Calif) assay as ≥230 P2Y12 reaction units [PRU]) were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to group 1 (standard-dose clopidogrel therapy: 75 mg/d for 30 days) or group 2 (high-dose clopidogrel: 150 mg/d for 30 days). RESULTS: The study enrolled 214 patients. Of these, 115 (53.7%) were clopidogrel responders (group 0), and 99 (46.3%) had high OTR (clopidogrel nonresponders); of which, 50 were randomly assigned to group 1 and 49 to group 2. At baseline, the PRU value did not differ between group 1 (288.50 ± 46) and group 2 (295.45 ± 47.2; P = .308). Patients displayed reduced mean platelet reactivity levels at 30 days in group 1 (238.96 ± 72.25; P < .001) and group 2 (201.85 ± 77.8; P < .001). Although high-dose clopidogrel resulted in more intense platelet function inhibition, the differences between median 30-day PRU values (P = .483) and the percentage change of PRU (P = .442) for groups 1 and 2 were not significant. The incidences of transient ischemic attack, stroke, or death at up to 30 days after CAS in the high-OTR patients were similar between groups 1 and 2 (P = .481). CONCLUSIONS: Patients with high OTR undergoing CAS treated with standard-dose and double-dose clopidogrel had significantly reduced platelet reactivity after 30 days. The double dose did not result in statistically significantly greater reductions in reactivity compared with the standard dose.
Measuring preferences for CYP2C19 genotyping in patients with acute coronary syndrome - a discrete choice experiment.$$$ Aim: To evaluate the relative importance of CYP2C19 genotype-guided treatment attributes to patients. Patients & methods: A discrete choice experiment questionnaire was administered to 63 patients with acute coronary syndrome. Attributes examined in the discrete choice experiment questionnaire were: cost of genetic testing (S$50, S$100, S$200); cost of antiplatelet medication (S$100, S$500, S$1000); heart attack or stroke risk (5 in 100, 15 in 100, 25 in 100); bleeding risk (5 in 100, 15 in 100, 25 in 100); doctor's recommendation (yes, neutral). Mixed logit model was used for analysis. Results & conclusion: All attributes were important in patients' decision-making. Most displayed strong preference for doctor's recommendation and reduced heart attack or stroke risk. Genotyping was chosen by 63.5% of the patients. FAU - Wee, Juliana Wt
An unusually impressive atorvastatin-induced elevation of serum alkaline phosphatase. LID - 10.1136/bcr-2019-231839 [doi] LID - e231839$$$ A 90-year-old woman is referred six months after a transient ischaemic attack (TIA) with asymptomatic cholestatic liver function test (LFT) derangement. Following the TIA, atorvastatin and clopidogrel therapy are initiated. This is added to pre-existent once daily nifedipine for hypertension. Nifedipine (a weak inhibitor of CYP3A4 and competing substrate) and clopidogrel (a competitive inhibitor of CYP3A4) may have affected the metabolism of atorvastatin, resulting in the elevation of serum alkaline phosphatase levels to over six times the upper limit of normal. More often, statin therapy elevates serum alanine aminotransferase levels. Drug-induced liver injury (DILI) was deemed 'probable' as judged by the Roussel Uclaf Causality Assessment Method score. Statin therapy remains overwhelmingly safe, with benefits outweighing risks in the vast majority. The UK recommended LFT monitoring regime facilitates early recognition of DILI. Case reports are examined where similar drug combinations resulted in severe morbidity and mortality.
Patients with both CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele and peripheral endothelial dysfunction are significantly correlated with adverse cardiovascular events following coronary stent implantation.$$$ BACKGROUND: There is some controversy regarding the effect of CYP2C19 polymorphism on clinical outcome in patients receiving dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT). Peripheral endothelial dysfunction has recently been reported to predict adverse cardiovascular events. We hypothesized that CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) allele carriers with peripheral endothelial dysfunction had worse prognosis. The aim of this study was to evaluate an additive effect of peripheral endothelial dysfunction on clinical outcome following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in patients with a CYP2C19 variant. METHODS: We enrolled 434 patients on DAPT following PCI. CYP2C19 genotype was examined, and we divided patients into two groups: carriers, who had at least one CYP2C19 LOF allele, and non-carriers. Peripheral endothelial dysfunction was examined using reactive hyperemia-peripheral arterial tonometry index (RHI), and we divided patients into low and high RHI. Thus, subjects were divided into four groups, and clinical events were followed up. RESULTS: A total of 55 patients had a cardiovascular event. Kaplan-Meier analysis demonstrated a significantly higher probability of cardiovascular events in carriers with low RHI (log-rank test: p=0.007). Multivariate Cox proportional hazards analysis identified both CYP2C19 LOF allele possession (hazard ratio (HR): 1.94; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.1-3.69; p=0.045) and low RHI (HR: 2.15; 95% CI: 1.22-3.78; p=0.008) as independent and significant predictors of future cardiovascular events. CONCLUSIONS: CYP2C19 LOF allele carriers with peripheral endothelial dysfunction were significantly correlated with cardiovascular events. The additional evaluation of peripheral endothelial function along with CYP2C19 polymorphism might improve risk stratification after coronary stent implantation.
Prasugrel, a third-generation P2Y12 receptor antagonist, in patients with coronary artery disease undergoing elective percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND: Prasugrel is being developed in Japan as an antiplatelet therapy for use during percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Up to 70% of Japanese patients with coronary artery disease undergo elective PCI. The PRASugrel For Japanese PatIenTs with Coronary Artery Diseases Undergoing Elective PCI (PRASFIT-Elective) study investigated the efficacy and safety of different prasugrel dosing regimens in Japanese patients undergoing elective PCI. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 742 patients scheduled for elective coronary artery stenting were enrolled. Patients were randomized to receive either prasugrel (20/3.75 mg, loading/maintenance dose) or clopidogrel (300/75 mg) in a double-blind manner. Endpoints, including cardiovascular events and bleeding, were assessed at weeks 24-48. The incidence rate of major cardiovascular events (cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, or non-fatal ischemic stroke) up to week 24 was 4.1% (15/370) and 6.7% (25/372) in the prasugrel and clopidogrel groups, respectively. Other incidence rates were: non-coronary artery bypass graft-related major bleeding, 0% and 2.2%; major/minor bleeding, 1.6% and 3.0%; and all bleeding events, 38.1% and 34.4% in the prasugrel and clopidogrel groups, respectively. The incidence rate of bleeding-related adverse events was similar in both groups, being 40.8% and 35.8% in the prasugrel and clopidogrel groups, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: These results support the risk-benefit profile of an adjusted dosing regimen of prasugrel in Japanese patients undergoing PCI. Larger studies are required to confirm these findings. FAU - Isshiki, Takaaki
The impact of gene polymorphism and high on-treatment platelet reactivity on clinical follow-up: outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndrome after drug-eluting stent implantation.$$$ AIMS: The current study sought to evaluate the clinical impact of newly reported genetic variations and their association with clopidogrel high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients after drug-eluting stent (DES) implantation. METHODS AND RESULTS: The study enrolled 1,016 consecutive patients with ACS undergoing DES implantation. A total of 19 tag single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were selected from CYP3A4/5, CYP2C19, P2Y12 and ABCB1 genes. ADP-induced light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) was performed to test the post-procedure maximum platelet agglutination (MPA). The primary endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI), stent thrombosis, and ischaemic stroke at one-year follow-up after DES placement. The secondary endpoint was the incidence of bleeding events. The post-procedure MPA was calculated and the cut-off point was determined for the HTPR. Using multivariate logistic regression analysis, the carriage of two CYP2C19 LOF alleles was an independent predictor of the post-procedure HTPR (OR: 2.8, 95% CI: 1.70-7.23, p<0.001). Through multivariate Cox regression analysis, the carriage of two CYP2C19 LOF alleles and the post-procedure HTPR were independent predictors of the primary endpoint (HR: 2.3, 95% CI: 1.40-4.97, p<0.001; HR: 2.9, 95% CI: 1.52-5.57, p<0.001, respectively). However, post-procedure MPA did not predict a bleeding event (HR: 0.9, 95% CI: 0.44-1.59, p=0.532). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with ACS, the CYP2C19 LOF allele was associated with post-procedure HTPR and a subsequently increased risk of adverse clinical events at one-year follow-up following DES implantation and clopidogrel administration. FAU - Liang, Zhen-Yang
Association of a functional polymorphism in the clopidogrel target receptor gene, P2Y12, and the risk for ischemic cerebrovascular events in patients with peripheral artery disease.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: There is considerable variability in the antiplatelet effects of the thienopyridine agent "clopidogrel." We tested for an association of gene sequence variations in P2Y12 and occurrence of neurological adverse events in patients with symptomatic peripheral artery disease (PAD) during clopidogrel treatment. METHODS: We studied 137 patients undergoing antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel and 336 patients with aspirin for the occurrence of neurological events (ischemic stroke and/or carotid revascularization). Prevalence of 2 previously described exonic polymorphisms of the P2Y12 gene, 34C>T and 52G>T, was determined by polymerase chain reaction. RESULTS: Genotype frequencies for mutated, heterozygous, and wild-type alleles for the 34C>T and the 52G>T polymorphisms were 9% (n=40), 44% (n=210), and 47% (n=223), and 4% (n=17), 27% (n=127), and 70% (n=329), respectively. During the median follow-up of 21 months, neurological events occurred in 8% of patients. In patients with aspirin therapy, neither polymorphism was associated with neurological events. However, in clopidogrel patients, carriers of at least one 34T allele had a 4.02-fold increased adjusted risk for neurological events compared with carriers of only 34C alleles (95% confidence interval, 1.08 to 14.9). Neither polymorphism was associated with all-cause mortality. CONCLUSIONS: In PAD patients, clopidogrel response variability exists, which may result in increased risk for cerebrovascular events. Sequence alterations of the target receptor gene represent one possible mechanism for clopidogrel failure. Whether identification of the 34C>T polymorphism as a contributor to this process could serve as risk stratification tool, an indicator for higher clopidogrel doses, or the use of alternate agents warrants further investigation. FAU - Ziegler, Sophie
Population pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic modeling of clopidogrel for dose regimen optimization based on CYP2C19 phenotypes: A proof of concept study.$$$ Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet drug used to reduce the risk of acute coronary syndrome and stroke. It is converted by CYP2C19 to its active metabolite; therefore, poor metabolizers (PMs) of CYP2C19 exhibit diminished antiplatelet effects. Herein, we conducted a proof-of-concept study for using population pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic (PK-PD) modeling to recommend a personalized clopidogrel dosing regimen for individuals with varying CYP2C19 phenotypes and baseline P2Y12 reaction unit (PRU) levels. Data from a prospective phase I clinical trial involving 36 healthy male participants were used to develop the population PK-PD model predicting the concentrations of clopidogrel, clopidogrel H4, and clopidogrel carboxylic acid, and linking clopidogrel H4 concentrations to changes in PRU levels. A two-compartment model effectively described the PKs of both clopidogrel and clopidogrel carboxylic acid, and a one-compartment model of those of clopidogrel H4. The CYP2C19 phenotype was identified as a significant covariate influencing the metabolic conversion of the parent drug to its metabolites. A PD submodel of clopidogrel H4 that stimulated the fractional turnover rate of PRU levels showed the best performance. Monte Carlo simulations suggested that PMs require three to four times higher doses than extensive metabolizers to reach the target PRU level. Individuals within the top 20th percentile of baseline PRU levels were shown to require 2.5-3 times higher doses than those in the bottom 20th percentile. We successfully developed a population PK-PD model for clopidogrel considering the impact of CYP2C19 phenotypes and baseline PRU levels. Further studies are necessary to confirm actual dosing recommendations for clopidogrel.
Early Discontinuation of P2Y(12) Antagonists and Adverse Clinical Events Post-Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Hospital and Primary Care Linked Cohort.$$$ Background Early discontinuation of P2Y(12) antagonists post-percutaneous coronary intervention may increase risk of stent thrombosis or nonstent recurrent myocardial infarction. Our aims were to (1) analyze the early discontinuation rate of P2Y(12) antagonists post-percutaneous coronary intervention, (2) explore factors associated with early discontinuation, and (3) analyze the risk of major adverse cardiovascular events (death, acute coronary syndrome, revascularization, or stroke) associated with discontinuation from a prespecified prescribing instruction of 1 year. Method and Results We studied 2090 patients (2011-2015) who were recommended for clopidogrel for 12 months (+aspirin) post-percutaneous coronary intervention within a retrospective observational population cohort. Relationships between clopidogrel discontinuation and major adverse cardiac events were evaluated over 18-month follow-up. Discontinuation of clopidogrel in the first 4 quarters was low at 1.1%, 2.6%, 3.7%, and 6.1%, respectively. Previous revascularization, previous ischemic stroke, and age >80 years were independent predictors of early discontinuation. In a time-dependent multiple regression model, clopidogrel discontinuation and bleeding (hazard ratio=1.82 [1.01-3.30] and hazard ratio=5.30 [3.14-8.94], respectively) were independent predictors of major adverse cardiac events as were age <49 and ≥70 years (versus those aged 50-59 years), hypertension, chronic kidney disease stage 4+, previous revascularization, ischemic stroke, and thromboembolism. Furthermore, in those with both bleeding and clopidogrel discontinuation, hazard ratio for major adverse cardiac events was 9.34 (3.39-25.70). Conclusions Discontinuation of clopidogrel is low in the first year post-percutaneous coronary intervention, where a clear discharge instruction to treat for 1 year is provided. Whereas this is reassuring from the population level, at an individual level discontinuation earlier than the intended duration is associated with an increased rate of adverse events, most notably in those with both bleeding and discontinuation. FAU - Harris, Daniel E
Early determination of clopidogrel responsiveness by platelet reactivity indexidentifies patients at risk for cardiovascular events after myocardial infarction.$$$ While acute myocardial infarction (MI) is associated with impaired clopidogrel responsiveness, systematic evaluation is lacking due to the inability of functional aggregation-based assays to analyse clopidogrel responsiveness in the presence of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors. Using the P2Y12-specific, non-aggregation-based platelet-reactivity-index (PRI) we assessed clopidogrel responsiveness in patients with acute MI. Clopidogrel responsiveness was determined 24 hours (h) after loading with 600 mg clopidogrel in 54 patients with acute MI admitted for coronary intervention. A PRI >50% was considered as suboptimal inhibition. Overall response in MI patients was suboptimal with a median PRI of 58%. Diabetes, low high-density lipoprotein and pre-hospital clopidogrel loading were associated with impaired clopidogrel responsiveness. Patients loaded at first medical contact had a significantly weaker platelet inhibition by clopidogrel after 24 h (PRI 63%) compared to those loaded peri-interventionally (PRI 54%, p=0.014). Clinical outcome was assessed as a combination of cardiac death, non-fatal MI, stent thrombosis, ischaemic stroke, and urgent target vessel revascularisation after 12 months. The pre-selected cut-off of PRI ≤50% yielded a sensitivity of 87% at a specificity of 26%, whereas a PRI ≤57% determined by receiver-operating characteristics (ROC)-analysis yielded a sensitivity of 80% at a specificity of 56% (event rate: PRI ≤57%: 12.0%; PRI >57%: 41.4%, p=0.0136). In conclusion, PRI detects clopidogrel responsiveness in acute MI patients requiring glycoprotein IIb/IIIa antagonism; and impaired clopidogrel responsiveness predisposes to clinical events. Pre-hospital clopidogrel loading was associated with impaired response and more adverse events challenging the concept of earliest oral clopidogrel loading in MI patients. FAU - Schäfer, Andreas
CYP2C19 poor metabolizer is associated with clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in acute myocardial infarction but not stable angina.$$$ BACKGROUND: More intensive platelet suppression is required in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) than in those with stable angina because of differential platelet activation between AMI and stable angina. In this context, CYP2C19 genotype leading to reduced active metabolite formation may profoundly affect the clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in patients with AMI compared with those with stable angina. METHODS AND RESULTS: Effects of CYP2C19 genotypes on the clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy were evaluated in 2188 patients (532 patients with AMI and 1656 patients with stable angina) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. The primary clinical outcome was a composite of major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events defined as death from any cause, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or stroke during 1 year of clopidogrel therapy. Compared with extensive metabolizer, the CYP2C19 poor metabolizer was significantly associated with higher risk of major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events in patients with AMI (hazard ratio, 2.88; 95% confidence interval, 1.27-6.53; P=0.011). However, this finding was not seen in patients with stable angina. A significant interaction between CYP2C19 genotypes and disease subsets of AMI and stable angina was identified with respect to major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (adjusted interaction P=0.045). The patients with AMI showed lower percent inhibition of P2Y12 compared with patients with stable angina in CYP2C19 poor metabolizer or CYP2C19 intermediate metabolizer genotype groups but not in CYP2C19 extensive metabolizer genotype group. CONCLUSIONS: CYP2C19 poor metabolizer is associated with poor clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in Asian patients with AMI but not in those with stable angina possibly because of differential requirement of platelet suppression in patients with AMI and stable angina. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION INFORMATION: URL: clinicaltrials.gov. Identifier: NCTO1239914. FAU - Kim, Ho-Sook
[Possible Genetic Predictors of Cardiovascular Complications After Coronary Artery Bypass Surgery].$$$ PURPOSE: to investigate associations of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) rs2046934, rs1126643, rs5918, rs6065, rs4244285; rs4986893 with cardiovascular complications (CVC) in patients after CABG. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We enrolled in this study 130 patients with stable functional class II-IV angina. After CABG 69 patients received ASA (100 mg of enteric form), 61 patients received dual antiplatelet therapy (ASA 100 mg + clopidogrel 75 mg). Mean follow up period was 10.9±5.2 months. The primary composite endpoint included all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction (MI), and ischemic stroke. The control group comprised 185 healthy volunteers. Platelet function was assessed using light transmission aggregometry with ADP (5μM) and arachidonic acid (1 mM). The following single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were identified by real-time PCR: rs2046934 (H1/H2) on P2RY12 [encoding platelet ADP receptor] (n=100); rs1126643 (C807T, Phe224Phe) on ITGA2 [encoding collagen receptor] (n=87); rs5918 (176T>C, Leu33Pro) on ITGB3 [encoding fibrinogen receptor) (n=91); rs6065 (Thr145Met) on GP1BA [encoding platelet receptor for Von Willebrand factor] (n=114); rs4244285 (*2) (n=84), and rs4986893 (*3) (n=83) on СYP2C19 [encoding cytochrome P450 activity]. RESULTS: The prevalence of rs5918, rs6065, rs4244285, rs4986893, rs2046934 did not differ significantly between patients and healthy volunteers. The mutant allele (T) of ITGA2 was detected more often in healthy volunteers: 67.2 % vs 51.7 % (р=0.021). Before and after CABG there was no significant difference in platelet aggregation between carries and non-carries of the mutant ITGA2 allele. Number of CVCs registered during follow-up was 12: 3 strokes, 6 MIs, 3 deaths. Patients with composite mutant alleles of ITGB3+СYP2C19*2 or СYP2C19*2+ITGA2, and with the mutant allele (*2) of СYP2C19 met end points more often than patients with other gene combinations (wild type homozygotes, presence of one mutant allele of ITGB3 or ITGA2, the composite of mutant alleles of ITGB3+ITGA2 or ITGB3+ITGA2+ СYP2C19*2) (hazard ratio 4.0, 95 % confidence interval 2,19-7.29, р=0.008). Carriers of ITGB3 mutant allele showed higher AA-induced platelet reactivity on the 1st-3rd day after CABG. Amplitude of platelet aggregation in carriers of mutant allele was 27.5 % vs 12.7 % in wild type (p=0.016). No differences in platelet reactivity among carriers of other mentioned mutant alleles and wild types were observed. CONCLUSION: Carriage of the combination of mutant alleles ITGB3+СYP2C19*2 or СYP2C19*2+ITGA2 or СYP2C19*2 is possible predictor of CVC in patients after CABG. FAU - Grinshtein, Y I
Genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy compared with conventional therapy for patients with acute coronary syndromes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ To evaluate whether genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy reduces the rates of cardiovascular events and bleeding events in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). We systematically searched Pubmed, Embase and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (searched in September 2018) for controlled studies evaluating genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy in ACS with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) or without PCI. The primary endpoint was a composite of death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, targeted vessel revascularization and/or major bleeding. A total of five studies involving 2900 patients were included. Compared with the conventional group, the genotype-guided group had a decreased risk of primary composite outcomes (RR= 0.54; 95% CI: 0.41-0.72; I(2) = 30%), death (RR = 0.54; 95% CI: 0.32-0.94; I(2) = 21%), MI (RR = 0.52; 95% CI: 0.31-0.88; I(2) = 49%), targeted vessel revascularization (RR = 0.59; 95% CI: 0.35-0.98; I(2) = 0%), but not for stroke (RR = 0.53; 95% CI: 0.22-1.24; I(2) = 0%) and bleeding events (RR = 0.80; 95% CI: 0.51-1.25; I(2) = 33%). Genotype-guided strategies could reduce the rates of cardiovascular events without increasing bleeding events compared with conventional treatment in ACS. Future multi-centre genotype-based randomized control trials are required to confirm these findings. FAU - Zheng, Lukai
A pharmacoepidemiology study of the interaction between atorvastatin and clopidogrel after percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND: After percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), the antiplatelet drug clopidogrel is frequently used to prevent stent thrombosis. A concern has been raised that atorvastatin may competitively inhibit the metabolism of the prodrug clopidogrel to its active metabolites by the cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) enzyme, thereby potentially negating its antiplatelet effect. The 30-day rates of adverse cardiovascular events (composite of death, myocardial infarction, 11 unstable angina, stroke or transient ischemic attack, and repeat revascularization procedures) in unselected 12 patients prescribed clopidogrel after PCI as a function of their exposure to CYP3A4 inhibitors has not been fully resolved. METHODS: Using the administrative databases from the Province of Québec, we identified all patients in 1999 and 2000 who received an outpatient prescription for clopidogrel within 5 days of PCI with stenting. Using multiple logistic regression, we compared the odds ratios (OR) of the composite cardiovascular outcome within 30 days of the index PCI between patients prescribed drugs inhibiting CYP3A4 activity and those who were not. Event rates were adjusted for demographic variables, disease severity, associated comorbidities, and other medications. RESULTS: The 2927 patients who were prescribed clopidogrel after PCI were included in our cohort. Of these, 727 were prescribed atorvastatin and 2200 were not. There were 33 (4.54%) adverse events in the group prescribed atorvastatin and 68 (3.09%) in the group not prescribed atorvastatin. The adjusted 30-day OR of the composite outcome was 1.65 (95% CI 1.07-2.54) in patients prescribed atorvastatin with clopidogrel compared to those not prescribed atorvastatin. Other drugs that are substrates for CYP3A4 (OR 1.56, 95% CI 1.02-2.37) and a delay in filling the clopidogrel prescription (OR 1.77, 95% CI 1.16-2.70) were also associated with a higher risk. Sex, previous hospitalizations for unstable angina or myocardial infarction, aspirin use, or a history of revascularization (PCI or coronary artery bypass graft) in the 6 months before the index procedure was not statistically associated with adverse outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: After coronary stenting, a delay in filling the prescription for clopidogrel as well as prescriptions for drugs inhibiting CYP3A4 enzyme activity was associated with adverse cardiovascular events. However, because of the limitations of observational study designs, the clinical significance of these putative drug interactions remains uncertain but merits further investigation. FAU - Brophy, James M
Outcomes of Ticagrelor Versus High-dose Clopidogrel in CYP2C19 Intermediate Metabolizer Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention for Acute Coronary Syndromes.$$$ Guidelines on antiplatelet recommendation for CYP2C19 intermediate metabolizer (IM) have not come to an agreement. This study aimed to evaluate the clinical benefit of ticagrelor when compared with high-dose clopidogrel in CYP2C19 IM after percutaneous coronary intervention for acute coronary syndromes. Patients were enrolled according to CYP2C19 genotype and individual antiplatelet therapy. Patient characteristics and clinical outcomes were collected through electronic medical record system. The primary outcome was major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular event (MACCE), namely a composite of death from cardiovascular causes, myocardial infarction, stroke, and stent thrombosis within 12 months. The secondary outcome was Bleeding Academic Research Consortium scale bleeding events within 12 months. The Cox proportional hazards regression model was performed, with inverse probability treatment weighting (IPTW) adjusting for potential confounders. A total of 532 CYP2C19 IM were enrolled in this retrospective single-center study. No statistically significant difference in incidence rate of MACCE was found between patients receiving ticagrelor versus clopidogrel (7.01 vs. 9.52 per 100 patient-years; IPTW-adjusted hazard ratio 0.71; 95% confidence interval: 0.32-1.58; adjusted log-rank P = 0.396), but the incidence rate of Bleeding Academic Research Consortium type 2, 3, or 5 bleeding events was statistically higher in the loss of function-ticagrelor group than in the loss of function-clopidogrel group (13.53 vs. 6.16 per 100 patient-years; IPTW-adjusted hazard ratio: 2.29; 95% confidence interval: 1.10-4.78; adjusted log-rank P = 0.027). Ticagrelor treatment in CYP2C19 IM resulted in a statistically higher risk of bleeding compared with high-dose clopidogrel, whereas a clear association between treatments and MACCE warrants further investigations.
Effect of Medication Co-payment Vouchers on P2Y12 Inhibitor Use and Major Adverse Cardiovascular Events Among Patients With Myocardial Infarction: The ARTEMIS Randomized Clinical Trial.$$$ IMPORTANCE: Despite guideline recommendations, many patients discontinue P2Y12 inhibitor therapy earlier than the recommended 1 year after myocardial infarction (MI), and higher-potency P2Y12 inhibitors are underutilized. Cost is frequently cited as an explanation for both of these observations. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether removing co-payment barriers increases P2Y12 inhibitor persistence and lowers risk of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE). DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Cluster randomized clinical trial among 301 hospitals enrolling adult patients with acute MI (June 5, 2015, through September 30, 2016); patients were followed up for 1 year after discharge (final date of follow-up was October 23, 2017), with blinded adjudication of MACE; choice of P2Y12 inhibitor was per clinician discretion. INTERVENTIONS: Hospitals randomized to the intervention (n = 131 [6436 patients]) provided patients with co-payment vouchers for clopidogrel or ticagrelor for 1 year (median voucher value for a 30-day supply, $137 [25th-75th percentile, $20-$339]). Hospitals randomized to usual care (n = 156 [4565 patients]) did not provide study vouchers. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Independent coprimary outcomes were patient-reported persistence with P2Y12 inhibitor (defined as continued treatment without gap in use ≥30 days) and MACE (death, recurrent MI, or stroke) at 1 year among patients discharged with a prescription for clopidogrel or ticagrelor. RESULTS: Among 11 001 enrolled patients (median age, 62 years; 3459 [31%] women), 10 102 patients were discharged with prescriptions for clopidogrel or ticagrelor (clopidogrel prescribed to 2317 [36.0%] in the intervention group and 2497 [54.7%] in the usual care group), 4393 of 6135 patients (72%) in the intervention group used the voucher, and follow-up data at 1 year were available for 10 802 patients (98.2%). Patient-reported persistence with P2Y12 inhibitors at 1 year was higher in the intervention group than in the control group (unadjusted rates, 5340/6135 [87.0%] vs 3324/3967 [83.8%], respectively; P < .001; adjusted difference, 2.3% [95% CI, 0.4% to 4.1%]; adjusted odds ratio, 1.19 [95% CI, 1.02 to 1.40]). There was no significant difference in MACE at 1 year between intervention and usual care groups (unadjusted cumulative incidence, 10.2% vs 10.6%; P = .65; adjusted difference, 0.66% [95% CI, -0.73% to 2.06%]; adjusted hazard ratio, 1.07 [95% CI, 0.93 to 1.25]). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Among patients with MI, provision of vouchers to offset medication co-payments for P2Y12 inhibitors, compared with no vouchers, resulted in a 3.3% absolute increase in patient-reported persistence with P2Y12 inhibitors and no significant reduction in 1-year MACE outcomes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02406677. FAU - Wang, Tracy Y
Geriatric Pharmacotherapy Case Series: Potential Drug Interactions With Antiplatelet Medications and Cannabidiol-A Focus on P2Y12 Inhibitors.$$$ Background A 76-year-old man was admitted to a local rehabilitation inpatient facility following an acute myocardial infarction. Patient history included hypertension and previous stroke. The patient was being treated with clopidogrel and aspirin for secondary stroke prevention along with other medications to treat hypertension. The patient admitted to using cannabidiol (CBD) oil up to three times a day for knee pain prior to acute myocardial infarction and requested to continue its use in the facility. Assessment Prior to this hospital stay, the patient was able to continue activities of daily living with knee pain that was controlled by CBD oil used three times daily. The option to continue CBD oil would create a possible drug interaction with current cardiovascular medications leading to increased cardiovascular or bleeding risks. Outcome The patient was advised against the use of CBD products because of potential interaction with clopidogrel and was prescribed acetaminophen for osteoarthritis (knee pain). The patient continued to improve and was discharged to his home after two weeks of rehabilitation. Conclusion Based on limited pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic studies in older people, patients should avoid using cannabidiol and products containing its derivatives with P2Y12 inhibitors. A potential interaction between cannabidiol and its derivatives with P2Y12 inhibitors may increase a patient's cardiovascular or bleeding risks. Patients and health care providers must be adequately informed about potential risks associated with cannabidiol products and oral antiplatelets to prevent negative outcomes. FAU - Brown, Stephen A
[Influence of CYP2C19 gene polymorphisms on the efficacy of clopidogrel treatment for the prevention of ischemic stroke following coronary stent implantation].$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the association of CYP2C19 gene polymorphisms with the incidence of ischemic stroke among patients receiving clopidogrel therapy following coronary stenting for coronary artery disease. METHODS: Clinical data of patients receiving clopidogrel therapy after coronary stenting were retrospectively studied. For a case-control study, 137 patients with acute cerebral infarction and 122 non-stroke patients were selected. Based on the variants of the CYP2C19 gene detected by a DNA microarray assay, the patients were further divided into the wild-type group(CYP2C19*1/*1) and mutant group(defined by the presence of at least one loss-of-function allele, including CYP2C19*1/*2, CYP2C19*1/*3, CYP2C19*2/*2, CYP2C19*2/*3 and CYP2C19*3/*3). The incidences of ischemic stroke in the two groups were compared through a chi-square analysis. The influence of CYP2C19 gene polymorphisms and clopidogrel therapy on the incidence of ischemic stroke was analyzed through multivariable logistic regression. RESULTS: A total of 259 patients were enrolled. The case and control groups showed no difference in terms of gender and age. There were 123 cases (47.5%) in the CYP2C19 wild-type group and 136 cases (52.5%) in the mutant group. The incidence of ischemic stroke of mutant group was significantly higher than that of wild-type group (59.9% vs. 44.3%, X2=6.398, P=0.042). Multivariate analysis revealed that loss-of-function polymorphisms of the CYP2C19 gene carried a 1.13 times greater risk for ischemic stroke compared to wild-type genotype (OR=2.13, 95%CI: 1.23-3.71). CONCLUSION: The efficacy of clopidogrel for the prevention of ischemic stroke in post-coronary stent patients may be reduced by the insufficiency of the CYP2C19 gene. The dosage of clopidogrel therapy should be adjusted based on its polymorphisms. FAU - Li, Guode
Reduced number of cardiovascular events and increased cost-effectiveness by genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions in the Netherlands.$$$ AIM: This study explores clinical outcome in cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19)-related poor metaboliser patients treated with either clopidogrel or prasugrel after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) and investigates whether this could be cost-effective. METHODS AND RESULTS: This single-centre, observational study included 3260 patients scheduled for elective PCI between October 2010 and June 2013 and followed for adverse cardiovascular events until October 2014. Post PCI, CYP2C19 poor metaboliser patients were treated with clopidogrel or prasugrel, in addition to aspirin. In total, 32 poor metabolisers were treated with clopidogrel and 41 with prasugrel. The number of adverse cardiovascular events, defined as death from cardiovascular cause, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, every second visit to the catheterisation room for re-PCI in the same artery, or stroke, within 1.5 years of PCI, was significantly higher in the CYP2C19 poor metaboliser group treated with clopidogrel (n = 10, 31 %) compared with the poor metaboliser group treated with prasugrel (n = 2, 5 %) (p = 0.003). Costs per gained quality-adjusted life years (QALY) were estimated, showing that genotype-guided post-PCI treatment with prasugrel could be cost-effective with less than € 10,000 per gained QALY. CONCLUSION: This study provides evidence that for CYP2C19-related poor metabolisers prasugrel may be more effective than clopidogrel to prevent major adverse cardiovascular events after PCI and this approach could be cost-effective. FAU - Deiman, B A L M
Platelet P2Y12 receptors enhance signalling towards procoagulant activity and thrombin generation. A study with healthy subjects and patients at thrombotic risk.$$$ Activated platelets participate in arterial thrombosis by forming aggregates and potentiating the coagulation through exposure of procoagulant phosphatidylserine. The function of the two receptors for ADP, P2Y(1) and P2Y(12), is well-established in aggregation, but is incompletely understood in the platelet procoagulant response. We established that, in PRP from healthy subjects, ADP accelerated and potentiated tissue factor induced thrombin generation exclusively via stimulation of P2Y(12) and not via P2Y(1) receptors. The P2Y(12) receptors also mediated the potentiating effect of PAR-1 stimulation on thrombin generation. Furthermore, ADP enhanced in a P2Y(12)-dependent manner the Ca(2+) response induced by thrombin, which was either added externally or generated in-situ. This ADP effect was in part dependent of phosphoinositide 3-kinase and was paralleled by increased phosphatidylserine exposure. In PRP from (young) patients with either stroke or type-II diabetes, platelet-dependent thrombin generation was similarly enhanced byADP or SFLLRN as in healthy subjects. In PRP from stroke patients of older age, the P2Y(12)-mediated contribution to thrombin generation was variably reduced by two weeks of clopidogrel medication. Remaining P2Y(12) activity after medication correlated with remaining P2Y(12)-dependent P-selectin exposure, i.e. Ca(2+)-dependent secretion, likely due to incomplete antagonism of P2Y(12) receptors. Together, these results indicate that physiological platelet agonists amplify phosphatidylserine exposure and subsequent thrombin generation by release of ADP and P2Y(12)-receptor stimulation. This P2Y(12) response is accomplished by a novel Ca(2+) signalling pathway. It is similarly active in platelets from control subjects and patients at thrombotic risk. Finally, the thrombogram method is useful for measuring incomplete P2Y(12) inhibition with clopidogrel. FAU - van der Meijden, Paola E J
Assessment of a flow cytometry technique for studying signaling pathways in platelets: Monitoring of VASP phosphorylation in clinical samples.$$$ A recently released kit (PerFix EXPOSE) was reported to improve the measurement of the degree of phosphorylation of proteins in leukocytes by flow cytometry. We tested its adaptation for platelets to monitor vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) phosphorylation, which is the basis of a currently used test for the assessment of the pharmacological response to P2Y12 antagonists (PLT VASP/P2Y12). The PerFix EXPOSE kit was compared to the PLT VASP/P2Y12 kit by using blood samples drawn at 24 h post clopidogrel dose from 19 patients hospitalized for a non-cardio-embolic ischemic stroke and treated with clopidogrel monotherapy for at least five days in an observational study. The platelet PerFix method was based on adaptation of the volume of the sample, the centrifugation speed and the incubation temperature. Poor agreement between prevention by adenosine diphosphate (ADP) of PGE(1)-induced cAMP-mediated VASP phosphorylation and ADP induced aggregation assessed by Light Transmittance Aggregometry was found. We found a significant correlation between the PLT VASP/P2Y12 kit and the PerFix EXPOSE kit. The PerFix EXPOSE kit may also be helpful to monitor adverse effects of second-generation tyrosine kinase inhibitors on platelets. FAU - Mallouk, N
Projected impact of a multigene pharmacogenetic test to optimize medication prescribing in cardiovascular patients.$$$ AIM: To determine the projected impact of a multigene pharmacogenetic (PGx) test on medication prescribing. MATERIALS & METHODS: A retrospective analysis was conducted with 122 cardiac catheterization laboratory patients undergoing angiography for eligibility of potential PGx-guided interventions that could have occurred if multigene PGx information was pre-emptively available at the time of the procedure. Medication data and presence of actionable at-risk genotypes were used to determine eligibility of a PGx intervention. RESULTS: 20% of the study population (n = 24) would have qualified for at least one PGx-based medication intervention per US FDA or Clinical Pharmacogenetics Implementation Consortium (CPIC) guidelines within 6 months of their cardiac catheterization procedure. Commonly encountered gene-drug pairs for these interventions included: CYP2C19 for clopidogrel and antidepressants, CYP2D6 for antidepressants and codeine, SLCO1B1 for simvastatin, and VKORC1/CYP2C9 for warfarin. CONCLUSION: Pre-emptive use of a multigene PGx test in the cardiac catheterization laboratory offers potential to reduce adverse medication outcomes. FAU - Dong, Olivia M
[Association of CYP2C19 gene polymorphisms with long-term recurrent risk of ischemic stroke among ethnic Han Chinese from Fujian].$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the association of genetic polymorphisms of CYP2C19*2,*3,*17 with the recurrence risk of ischemic stroke during clopidogrel prevention in ethnic Han Chinese from Fujian Province. METHODS: Clinical data of 985 patients with acute ischemic stroke was collected. After 1 year postdischarge follow-up evaluations, only 114 patients with persistence of clopidogrel were enrolled. CYP2C19 genetic polymorphisms were detected by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP)and direct sequencing ,then we analysis the correlation between polymorphisms and the recurrence of stroke. RESULTS: Among the 114 patients, 23 had a second onset whilst receiving clopidogrel treatment. During the antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel, carriers of CYP2C19 poor metabolizer (CYP2C19*2/*2 or *2/*3) had a higher rate of recurrent stroke compared with extensive metabolizers (CYP2C19*1/*1) (OR=4.71, 95%CI: 1.18-18.80, P<0.05). Carriers of CYP2C19 *2 mutant allele had increased recurrence compared with those carrying none loss-of-function allele (OR=2.31, 95%CI: 1.20-4.46, P<0.05). The rate of recurrent stroke in those carrying homozygous mutant *2 allele (CYP2C19*2/*2) was 6.14 times greater than the rate of wild-type homozygotes (CYP2C19*1/*1) (95%CI: 1.54-24.54, P<0.05). Patients with previous stroke history had increased risk of recurrence (OR= 4.146, 95%CI: 1.259-13.655, P<0.05). However, CYP2C19*17 was not detected in the group. CONCLUSION: For ethnic Han Chinese patients receiving clopidogrel treatment, carriers of poor metabolizer or homozygous mutant *2 allele (CYP2C19*2/*2) have a higher risk of recurrent stroke. The CYP2C19 *2 allele is an independent risk factor for recurrent stroke. Those with previous history of stroke are more prone to the recurrence. FAU - Fang, Ling
Obesity and intracranial in-stent thrombosis.$$$ A morbidly obese, diabetic, hypertensive patient, with severe intracranial left middle cerebral artery (MCA) stenosis, suffered recurrent stereotyped transient ischemic attacks over 2 months, despite taking daily antiplatelet agents, high dose statin, insulin and an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor. A left MCA (M1) Wingspan stent-assisted angioplasty was performed after standard loading, and daily doses of clopidogrel were given 3 days prior to the procedure. Immediately after the procedure, the patient developed a left hemispheric ischemic stroke syndrome. Urgent re-angiography identified an acute intracranial in-stent thrombosis. This complication was immediately treated successfully with abciximab and balloon angioplasty. The patient had persistent residual stroke despite complete recanalization of the thrombosed stent within 3 h of occlusion. The patient was subsequently found to have incomplete inhibition of platelet activity despite being on clopidogrel 150 mg and aspirin 81 mg daily and having a normal CYP-2C19 genotype, suggesting that suboptimal antiplatelet inhibition, secondary to morbid obesity, contributed to his in-stent thrombosis. Obese patients undergoing coronary artery stenting routinely receive larger loading and maintenance doses of clopidogrel. Our case suggests that obese patients undergoing intracranial stenting may also benefit from higher than conventional clopidogrel doses prior to intracranial stenting, to decrease risk of acute in-stent occlusion. FAU - Rose, David Z
The impact of genetic polymorphisms of drug metabolizing enzymes on the pharmacodynamics of clopidogrel under steady state conditions.$$$ Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet drug that requires biotransformation steps to its active metabolite via cytochromes P450 (CYP), particularly CYP2C19 and CYP3A5 as well as paraoxonase-1 (PON1). The impact of CYP3A5 and PON1 genetic polymorphisms on the response of this drug is unclear. This study aimed to elucidate the degree of genetic polymorphisms of key drug metabolizing enzymes on the antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel. Thirty-five healthy subjects were treated with 75 mg/day clopidogrel for 7 days and serial blood samples were collected for measurement of antiplatelet effect using whole blood impedance aggregometry and VerifyNow(®) P2Y12 methods. The areas under the antiplatelet effect-time curves, maximal and minimal antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel obtained from both methods were significantly different among subjects with different CYP2C19 genotypes. In contrast, these pharmacodymamic parameters measured by both methods of subjects with different PON1 or CYP3A5 genotypes were not significantly different. Among the heterozygous CYP2C19*2 subjects, all pharmacodynamic parameters measured by whole blood impedance aggregometry were significantly different between subjects with different CYP3A5*3 genotypes. Our data suggests that CYP2C19 genetic polymorphism play a major role in the clopidogrel response, however, the impact of CYP3A5 genetic polymorphism, may be pronounced in the subjects who carried the loss-functional allele of CYP2C19.
[Relationship between ATP-binding cassette subfamily B member 1 and cytochrome P450 2C19 polymorphisms and the effect of clopidogrel post percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with acute coronary syndrome].$$$ OBJECTIVE: To observe the relationship between ATP-binding cassette subfamily B member 1 (ABCB1) and cytochrome P450 (CYP)2C19 polymorphisms and the effect of clopidogrel post percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with coronary artery disease. METHODS: A total of 300 consecutive patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing selected percutaneous coronary intervention in General Hospital of the People's Liberation Army from October 2010 to August 2012 and treated with clopidogrel were enrolled and retrospectively analyzed. Antiplatelet responsiveness of clopidogrel was estimated by thrombelastograph. The patients were divided into 3 groups: remarkable efficacy group (adenosine diphosphate pathway inhibition rate >80%, 105 cases), effective group (adenosine diphosphate pathway inhibition rate of 50%-80%, 100 cases), and poor responsiveness group (adenosine diphosphate pathway inhibition rate <50%, 95 cases). CYP2C19 and ABCB1 polymorphisms were detected by PCR combined with restrictive fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RELP) method in all patients. A total of 200 patients were performed by high performance liquid chromatography with electrospray tandem mass spectrum methods (HTLC-MS/MS), which was applied for determining the plasma concentration level of clopidogrel metabolites between remarkable efficacy group and poor responsiveness group. Major adverse cardiovascular events and bleeding events were observed through follow-up. RESULTS: (1) There were significantly differences in gender, smoking and alanine transaminase level among 3 groups(P<0.01 or 0.05). (2)There was no significant difference in the ratio of TT, CC and CT genotype of ABCB1 gene among 3 groups(P>0.05). There was significant difference in the ratio of poor, middle and strong metabolizer genotype of CYP2C19 gene (P<0.05). (3)Recurrent angina rates were 8.6%(9/105), 6.0%(6/100) and 18.9%(18/95) (P<0.05), and bleeding events rates were 1.0% (1/105), 1.0%(1/100) and 8.4%(8/95)respectively (P<0.01) in remarkable efficacy group, effective group and poor responsiveness group during the 1 year follow up. There were no significant difference in rates of myocardial infarction, heart failure, ischemic stroke and death among 3 groups (all P>0.05) during follow up. Rates of major adverse cardiovascular events and bleeding events were similar in patients with TT, CC and CT genotype of ABCB1 (14.6%(13/89), 12.8(19/148)and 11.6%(5/43), P>0.05). Rates of major adverse cardiovascular events and bleeding events were 9.5%(2/21), 17.8(27/152) and 7.5%(8/107) in poor, middle and strong metabolizer genotype of CYP2C19 gene patients (P<0.05). (4) Plasma concentration of clopidogrel was significantly lower and relative concentration of acid metabolites was significantly higher in poor responsiveness group than in remarkable efficacy group(P<0.01 or 0.05). There was no significantly different in plasma relative concentration of 2-oxo-clopidogrel between remarkable efficacy group and poor responsiveness group. CONCLUSION: ABCB1 gene polymorphism is not but CYP2C19 gene polymorphisms is related with antiplatelet responsiveness of clopidogrel and clinical cardiovascular disease events in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing selected percutaneous coronary intervention. FAU - Zhou, C F
Net clinical benefit of clopidogrel versus ticagrelor in elderly patients carrying CYP2C19 loss-of-function variants with acute coronary syndrome after percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Elderly patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) tend to choose clopidogrel over potent P2Y12 receptor inhibitor such as ticagrelor after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in China considering higher risks of bleeding. CYP2C19 genotype is regarded as a major factor influencing the efficacy of clopidogrel. The present study aims to investigate the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor relative to clopidogrel in elderly ACS patients after PCI in China with reduced CYP2C19 metabolism. METHODS: Between January 2016 and March 2019, 2751 ACS patients over 65 years old with CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) variants after PCI were enrolled. All patients were treated with aspirin and P2Y12 receptor inhibitor, among whom 2056 received clopidogrel and 695 received ticagrelor. Net adverse clinical events (NACE), a composite of cardiac death, myocardial infarction (MI), ischemic stroke, target vessel revascularization and clinically relevant bleeding including Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) types 2, 3, 5 bleeding, were compared between the two groups at 12 months after PCI. Propensity score matching (PSM) was conducted to balance the baseline characteristics between the two groups. RESULTS: Before and after PSM, NACE was significantly increased in ticagrelor group compared with clopidogrel group at 12 months post PCI (Before PSM, 15.18% vs. 25.61% p<0.001; After PSM, 11.66% vs. 26.01% p<0.001). MACE was comparable between the two groups (Before PSM, 5.45% vs. 5.32% p>0.999; After PSM, 3.59% vs. 5.38% p=0.146). BARC types 2, 3, 5 bleeding events were significantly increased in patients treated with ticagrelor relative to clopidogrel (Before PSM, 10.31% vs. 21.01% p<0.001; After PSM, 8.22% vs. 21.38% p<0.001), which was mainly attributed to a higher incidence of BARC type 2 bleeding events in ticagrelor group (Before PSM, 8.12% vs. 18.56% p<0.001; After PSM, 6.43% vs. 18.83% p<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: In the present real-world study, selection of ticagrelor over clopidogrel showed a significant increase in NACE with a higher incidence of bleeding and similar ischemic events in elderly ACS patients carrying CYP2C19 LOF variants after PCI.
Comparison of ticagrelor with clopidogrel in patients with a planned invasive strategy for acute coronary syndromes (PLATO): a randomised double-blind study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Variation in and irreversibility of platelet inhibition with clopidogrel has led to controversy about its optimum dose and timing of administration in patients with acute coronary syndromes. We compared ticagrelor, a more potent reversible P2Y12 inhibitor with clopidogrel in such patients. METHODS: At randomisation, an invasive strategy was planned for 13 408 (72.0%) of 18 624 patients hospitalised for acute coronary syndromes (with or without ST elevation). In a double-blind, double-dummy study, patients were randomly assigned in a one-to-one ratio to ticagrelor and placebo (180 mg loading dose followed by 90 mg twice a day), or to clopidogrel and placebo (300-600 mg loading dose or continuation with maintenance dose followed by 75 mg per day) for 6-12 months. All patients were given aspirin. The primary composite endpoint was cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke. Analyses were by intention to treat. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00391872. FINDINGS: 6732 patients were assigned to ticagrelor and 6676 to clopidogrel. The primary composite endpoint occurred in fewer patients in the ticagrelor group than in the clopidogrel group (569 [event rate at 360 days 9.0%] vs 668 [10.7%], hazard ratio 0.84, 95% CI 0.75-0.94; p=0.0025). There was no difference between clopidogrel and ticagrelor groups in the rates of total major bleeding (691 [11.6%] vs 689 [11.5%], 0.99 [0.89-1.10]; p=0.8803) or severe bleeding, as defined according to the Global Use of Strategies To Open occluded coronary arteries, (198 [3.2%] vs 185 [2.9%], 0.91 [0.74-1.12]; p=0.3785). INTERPRETATION: Ticagrelor seems to be a better option than clopidogrel for patients with acute coronary syndromes for whom an early invasive strategy is planned.
Incidence and Clinical Features of Early Stent Thrombosis in the Era of New P2y12 Inhibitors (PLATIS-2).$$$ Early stent thrombosis (EST) (≤ 30 days after stent implantation) is a relatively rare but deleterious complication of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Administration of newer P2Y12 inhibitors (prasugrel and ticagrelor) combined with aspirin has been shown to reduce the incidence of sub-acute and late stent thrombosis, compared with clopidogrel. We investigated the "real life" incidence of EST in patients from a large acute coronary syndrome (ACS) national registry, where newer P2Y12 inhibitors are widely used. Patients were derived from the ACS Israeli Survey (ACSIS), conducted during 2006, 2008, 2010 and 2013. Major adverse cardiac events (MACE) at 30days were defined as all-cause death, recurrent ACS, EST and stroke.Of the 4717 ACS patients who underwent PCI and stenting, 83% received clopidogrel and 17% newer P2Y12 inhibitors. The rate of EST was similar in both groups (1.7% in the newer P2Y12 inhibitor group vs. 1.4% in the clopidogrel-treated patients, p = 0.42). Results were consistent after multivariate analysis (adjusted HR = 1.06 [p = 0.89]). MACE occurred in 6.4% in the newer P2Y12 inhibitor group compared with 9.2% in the clopidogrel group (P<0.01). However, multivariate logistic regression modeling showed that treatment with newer P2Y12 inhibitors was not significantly associated with the secondary endpoint of MACE when compared with clopidogrel therapy [OR = 1.26 95%CI (0.93-1.73), P = 0.136]. The incidence of "real life" EST at 1month is relatively low, and appears to be similar in patients who receive newer P2Y12 inhibitors as well as in those who receive clopidogrel. FAU - Asher, Elad
Financial Analysis of CYP2C19 Genotyping in Patients Receiving Dual Antiplatelet Therapy Following Acute Coronary Syndrome and Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dual antiplatelet therapy is an established standard of care for patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) to reduce thrombotic risk. Reduced CYP2C19 activity impairs clopidogrel bio-activation and increases risk of adverse clinical outcomes. Patients with poor and intermediate CYP2C19 metabolizers treated with clopidogrel incur higher cardiovascular event rates, including myocardial infarction, stroke, and stent thrombosis, following ACS than patients with normal CYP2C19 function. Tests are available to identify the CYP2C19 genotype and can be used to support individualization of antiplatelet therapy. OBJECTIVE: To estimate the financial impact of CYP2C19 genotyping in a theoretical cohort of 1,000 patients with ACS, who received percutaneous coronary intervention and coronary stent implantation and were treated with clopidogrel, prasugrel, or ticagrelor in a managed care setting.  METHODS: Differences in overall and average cost per patient were estimated based on the rate of CYP2C19 genotyping in a theoretical cohort of 1,000 patients. Sensitivity analysis was carried out for varying costs, adherence, and the percentage of patients treated according to genotyping results. All clinical event costs were reported in terms of 2012 U.S. dollars. The budget impact analysis used published event rates from primary literature to estimate costs of events analysis for 3 different scenarios: Scenario A, no CYP2C19 genotyping; Scenario B, 50% of patients received CYP2C19 genotyping with appropriate treatment based on genotype; and Scenario C, 100% of patients received CYP2C19 genotyping with appropriate treatment based on genotype.  RESULTS: According to this model, there was no change in the market share for the 3 antiplatelet agents in Scenario A. Initial market share for clopidogrel, prasugrel, and ticagrelor was 93%, 5%, and 2%, respectively; however, use of CYP2C19 genotyping is expected to shift market share from clopidogrel to either prasugrel or ticagrelor. In Scenario B, where 50% of the patients received genotyping, clopidogrel market share was reduced to 83%, while prasugrel increased to 12.1% and ticagrelor increased to 4.9%. In Scenario C, where all patients received genotyping, clopidogrel market share was reduced to 73%, prasugrel increased to 19.3%, and ticagrelor increased to 7.7%. Total estimated cost differences when all possible patients were genotyped included annual savings of roughly $444,852. CONCLUSIONS: Important financial benefits may be realized through use of genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy to reserve prasugrel or ticagrelor use for patients with reduced CYP2C19 activity to avoid costs associated with adverse cardiac events. FAU - Johnson, Samuel G
Antagonists of the EP3 receptor for prostaglandin E2 are novel antiplatelet agents that do not prolong bleeding.$$$ Myocardial infarction and stroke are caused by blood clots forming over a ruptured or denuded atherosclerotic plaque (atherothrombosis). Production of prostaglandin E(2) (PGE(2)) by an inflamed plaque exacerbates atherothrombosis and may limit the effectiveness of current therapeutics. Platelets express multiple G-protein coupled receptors, including receptors for ADP and PGE(2). ADP can mobilize Ca(2+) and through the P(2)Y(12) receptor can inhibit cAMP production, causing platelet activation and aggregation. Clopidogrel (Plavix), a selective P(2)Y(12) antagonist, prevents platelets from clotting but thereby increases the risk of severe or fatal bleeding. The platelet EP(3) receptor for PGE(2), like the P(2)Y(12) receptor, also inhibits cAMP synthesis. However, unlike ADP, facilitation of platelet aggregation via the PGE(2)/EP(3) pathway is dependent on co-agonists that can mobilize Ca(2+). We used a ligand-based design strategy to develop peri-substituted bicylic acylsulfonamides as potent and selective EP(3) antagonists. We show that DG-041, a selective EP(3) antagonist, inhibits PGE(2) facilitation of platelet aggregation in vitro and ex vivo. PGE(2) can resensitize platelets to agonist even when the P(2)Y(12) receptor has been blocked by clopidogrel, and this can be inhibited by DG-041. Unlike clopidogrel, DG-041 does not affect bleeding time in rats, nor is bleeding time further increased when DG-041 is co-administered with clopidogrel. This indicates that EP(3) antagonists potentially have a superior safety profile compared to P(2)Y(12) antagonists and represent a novel class of antiplatelet agents. FAU - Singh, Jasbir
Impact of proton pump inhibitor therapy on the efficacy of clopidogrel in the CAPRIE and CREDO trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) may interfere with the metabolic activation of clopidogrel via inhibition of cytochrome P450 2C19, but the clinical implications remain unclear. METHODS AND RESULTS: The impact of PPI use on the 1-year primary end point (ischemic stroke, myocardial infarction [MI], or vascular death) in the Clopidogrel versus Aspirin in Patients at Risk of Ischemic Events (CAPRIE) trial and the 28-day (all-cause death, MI, or urgent target vessel revascularization) and 1-year (all-cause death, MI, or stroke) primary end points in the Clopidogrel for Reduction of Events During Observation (CREDO) trial were examined. Clopidogrel appeared to elevate risk for the primary end point in CAPRIE among PPI users (estimated hazard ratio [EHR] 2.66, 95% CI 0.94 to 7.50) while lowering it for non-PPI users (EHR 0.90, 95% CI 0.83 to 0.99, interaction P=0.047). Moreover, PPI use was associated with worse outcomes in patients receiving clopidogrel (EHR 2.39, 95% CI 1.74 to 3.28) but not aspirin (EHR 1.04, 95% CI 0.70 to 1.57, interaction P=0.001). Clopidogrel did not significantly alter risk for the 1-year primary end point in CREDO among PPI users (EHR 0.82, 95% CI 0.48 to 1.40) while lowering it for non-PPI users (EHR 0.71, 95% CI 0.52 to 0.98, interaction P=0.682). Also, PPI use was associated with worse outcomes in both patients receiving clopidogrel (EHR 1.67, 95% CI 1.06 to 2.64) and those receiving placebo (EHR 1.56, 95% CI 1.06 to 2.30, interaction P=0.811). CONCLUSIONS: In CREDO, the efficacy of clopidogrel was not significantly affected by PPI use. However, in CAPRIE, clopidogrel was beneficial to non-PPI users while apparently harmful to PPI users. Whether this negative interaction is clinically important for patients receiving clopidogrel without aspirin needs further study. FAU - Dunn, Steven P
Association between high on-treatment platelet reactivity and occurrence of cerebral ischemic events in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Percutaneous coronary angioplasty (PCI) has become a routine treatment in symptomatic patients with coronary artery disease. The use of new generation drug eluting stents (DES) and dual antiplatelet therapy has significantly improved treatment outcomes and increased patients' safety by reducing the risk of stent thrombosis. AIMS: The goal of this study was to assess whether high on treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR), despite clopidogrel treatment, measured with Multiplate Electrode Aggregometer (MEA) is associated with the risk of adverse ischemic cerebral events. METHODS: Symptomatic patients with coronary artery disease admitted for coronary angiography and angioplasty (PCI) were consecutively enrolled in this study. 249 consecutive patients underwent coronary artery stenting for stable angina (n=215) or non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome (n=34). Inhibition of platelet aggregation was assessed by MEA. Genetic polymorphism of CYP2C19 was tested by HRM Real-Time PCR method in 150 patients. RESULTS: Patients with HTPR were more frequently diagnosed with ischemic stroke (p=0.0351, OR=16.818, 95% CI [1.464-193.23]) and other ischemic cerebral events (stroke or TIA, p=0.0339, OR=6.5, 95% CI [1.36-31.07]). Cumulative assessment of all ischemic and hemorrhagic events showed no statistical significance. Cerebral ischemic event was the only adverse event that correlated with CYP2C19 (*2/*2) allele (p=0.0489, OR=10; 95% CI [1.39-71.80]). CONCLUSIONS: HTPR assessed by MEA, in patients treated with clopidogrel after coronary artery stenting was found to be an important risk factor of ischemic cerebral events. In concordance, the carriers of CYP2C19*2/*2 allele showed an increased rate of ischemic cerebral events.
Identification of the platelet ADP receptor targeted by antithrombotic drugs.$$$ Platelets have a crucial role in the maintenance of normal haemostasis, and perturbations of this system can lead to pathological thrombus formation and vascular occlusion, resulting in stroke, myocardial infarction and unstable angina. ADP released from damaged vessels and red blood cells induces platelet aggregation through activation of the integrin GPIIb-IIIa and subsequent binding of fibrinogen. ADP is also secreted from platelets on activation, providing positive feedback that potentiates the actions of many platelet activators. ADP mediates platelet aggregation through its action on two G-protein-coupled receptor subtypes. The P2Y1 receptor couples to Gq and mobilizes intracellular calcium ions to mediate platelet shape change and aggregation. The second ADP receptor required for aggregation (variously called P2Y(ADP), P2Y(AC), P2Ycyc or P2T(AC)) is coupled to the inhibition of adenylyl cyclase through Gi. The molecular identity of the Gi-linked receptor is still elusive, even though it is the target of efficacious antithrombotic agents, such as ticlopidine and clopidogrel and AR-C66096 (ref. 9). Here we describe the cloning of this receptor, designated P2Y12, and provide evidence that a patient with a bleeding disorder has a defect in this gene. Cloning of the P2Y12 receptor should facilitate the development of better antiplatelet agents to treat cardiovascular diseases. FAU - Hollopeter, G
A Prospective, Randomized, Open-Label, Blinded, Endpoint Study Exploring Platelet Response to Half-Dose Prasugrel and Ticagrelor in Patients with the Acute Coronary Syndrome: HOPE-TAILOR Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: The optimal dosing of novel oral P2Y12 receptor platelet inhibitors such as prasugrel or ticagrelor is unclear and especially challenging in East Asians. We hypothesize that half-dose prasugrel and ticagrelor may be sufficient for long-term maintenance management in Korean patients with the acute coronary syndrome (ACS) compared with conventional dosages. DESIGN: HOPE-TAILOR (Half Dose of Prasugrel and Ticagrelor in Platelet Response after Acute Coronary Syndromes) is a prospective, randomized, open-label, blinded, endpoint (PROBE) single-center, clinical trial. A total of 100 patients with ACS undergoing drug-eluting stent implantation will be randomly assigned to prasugrel, ticagrelor, or clopidogrel, and the patients in each treatment group will receive 1-month therapy with 100 mg q.d. aspirin plus prasugrel 10 mg q.d., ticagrelor 90 mg b.i.d., or clopidogrel 75 mg q.d., followed by half-dose prasugrel 5 mg q.d. or ticagrelor 45 mg b.i.d. for maintenance treatment but without clopidogrel dose reduction. The primary endpoint will be optimal platelet reactivity 3 months after coronary intervention, defined by VerifyNow Analyzer (PRU: 85-208) and vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein P2Y12 flow cytometry assay (platelet reactivity indices: 16-50%). Clinical outcomes will also be assessed, including major efficacy (composite of cardiac death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, repeat revascularization, or stroke) and safety (bleeding ≥2 according to the Bleeding Academic Research Consortium). CONCLUSION: HOPE-TAILOR is a prospective, randomized, open-label, blinded, endpoint study to explore the efficacy and safety of novel P2Y12 receptor inhibitors administered orally at half the dose in Korean patients with ACS. The results will be available late in 2017.
High on-treatment platelet reactivity in patients with ischemic cerebrovascular disease: assessment of prevalence and stability over time using four platelet function tests.$$$ High on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR), referred to as a higher than expected platelet reactivity in patients under antiplatelet therapy, could influence outcome in cerebrovascular disease (CVD), but its prevalence and its stability over time is uncertain. Platelet reactivity was assessed in 18 patients with ischemic stroke/transient ischemic attack (TIA) 7 days (D7) and 90 days (D90) after prescription of clopidogrel, using four methods: light transmission aggregometry with 5 μmol/l ADP (LTA-ADP), vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP), Verify Now P2Y12 and platelet function analyzer (PFA) P2Y. HTPR was defined as LTA-ADP more than 46%; PFA-100-P2Y closure time less than 106 s; VerifyNow P2Y12, PRU greater than 235, VASP, PRI greater than 50%. Patients displayed, both at D7 and D90, a marked inhibition of platelet reactivity towards ADP in all tests as compared with reference levels. Correlations between the results obtained with all the tests at D7 and D90 and between measurements on each day in each test were low-to-moderate. The prevalence of HTPR for all the tests was 40% at D7 and 42% at D90. There was a moderate degree of agreement (k statistic < 0.5) between tests with regard to categorizing patients as HTPR/No-HTPR (D7 and D90). The on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity phenotype, HTPR/No-HTPR, remained stable in 55-72% of patients, depending on the test. A high prevalence of HTPR is found among CVD patients treated with clopidogrel and this platelet reactivity phenotype remains over time. There is poor agreement between the different platelet function tests for categorizing the platelet reactivity phenotype in these patients. The new PFA-100 P2Y equals other platelet function assays for evaluating HTPR in CVD. FAU - Jover, Eva
CYP2C19 pharmacogenetics versus standard of care dosing for selecting antiplatelet therapy in patients with coronary artery disease: A meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.$$$ OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of personalized genotype-guided selection of antiplatelet therapy versus standard of care in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel is the most frequently used P2Y(12) receptor antagonist in patients with coronary artery disease. However, genetic variations of clopidogrel are associated with inter-individual response variability which could limit its efficacy. METHODS: Electronic databases were searched for all randomized clinical trials (RCTs) evaluating genotype-guided therapy versus standard of care in patients undergoing stent implantation. Aggregated risk ratios (RRs) and 95% CIs were calculated using a random-effects model. RESULTS: We included 6 RCTs with a total of 2,371 patients. When compared with standard of care, the use of genotype-guided therapy did not significantly reduce major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) (RR 0.67; 95% CI: 0.35-1.27; P = 0.22). However, MACE was significantly reduced in the subset of trials which enrolled only acute coronary syndromes (ACS) (P < 0.01). In addition, there was a significant reduction in myocardial infarction in the genotype-guided group (RR 0.44; 95% CI: 0.28-0.70; P < 0.01; I(2) = 0%). Other clinical outcomes were not significantly different: cardiovascular mortality (RR 0.68; 95% CI: 0.27-1.74; P = 0.42), stroke (RR 0.62; 95% CI: 0.23-1.65; P = 0.34), stent thrombosis (RR 0.37; 95% CI: 0.13-1.06; P = 0.06), and bleeding (RR 0.68; 95% CI: 0.43-1.06; P = 0.09). CONCLUSION: In patients undergoing stent implantation, MACE with genotype-guided therapy was not significantly reduced; however, there was a signal towards reduction of MACE in ACS patients, as well as a lower rate of MI, though this will require further confirmation in adequately powered trials.
Genetic testing for CYP450 polymorphisms to predict response to clopidogrel: current evidence and test availability. Application: pharmacogenomics. LID - 10.1371/currents.RRN1180 [doi] LID - RRN1180$$$ The anti-platelet agent clopidogrel bisulfate (sold under the trade name Plavix in the United States) is a widely prescribed medication for the prevention of blood clots in patients with acute coronary syndrome, in those who have suffered other cardiovascular disease-related events such as ischemic stroke, and in patients who are undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. Response to clopidogrel varies substantially due to genetic and acquired factors. Patients who experience recurrent cardiovascular ischemic or thrombotic events while taking clopidogrel are typically described as non-responsive or resistant. The drug's oxidation is mainly dependent on the cytochrome P450 enzyme 2C19 (CYP2C19). Patients with certain genetic variants in CYP2C19 have been found to have lower levels of the active metabolite, less platelet inhibition, and greater risk of major adverse cardiovascular events such as heart attack, stroke, and death. Testing for CYP2C19 polymorphisms may identify patients who will not respond adequately to the standard clopidogrel regimen and who should, consequently, be given an alternate treatment strategy. This article outlines the evidence concerning pharmacogenetic testing for clopidogrel response, including data on clinical validity and clinical utility, and summarizes the currently available tests marketed for this purpose. FAU - Ned Mmsc Phd, Renée M
A Novel Multiplex HRM Assay to Detect Clopidogrel Resistance.$$$ Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet medicine used to prevent blood clots in patients who have had a heart attack, stroke, or other symptoms. Variability in the clinical response to clopidogrel treatment has been attributed to genetic factors. In particular, five SNPs of rs4244285, rs4986893, rs12248560, rs662 and rs1045642 have been associated with resistance to clopidogrel therapy in Chinese population. This work involves the development of a multiplex high-resolution melting (HRM) assay to genotype all five of these loci in 2 tubes. Amplicons corresponding to distinct SNPs in a common tube were designed with the aid of uMelt prediction software to have different melting temperatures Tm by addition of a GC-rich tail to the 5' end of the certain primers. Two kinds of commercial methods, Digital Fluorescence Molecular Hybridization (DFMH) and Sanger sequencing, were used as a control. Three hundred sixteen DFMH pretested samples from consecutive acute coronary syndrome patients were used for a blinded study of multiplex HRM. The sensitivity of HRM was 100% and the specificity was 99.93% reflecting detection of variants other than the known resistance SNPs. Multiplex HRM is an effective closed-tube, highly accurate, fast, and inexpensive method for genotyping the 5 clopidogrel resistance associated SNPs. FAU - Zhang, Lichen
Cost-utility analysis of genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy in patients with moderate-to-high risk acute coronary syndrome and planned percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND: Prasugrel is recommended over clopidogrel in poor/intermediate CYP2C19 metabolizers with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and planned percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), reducing the risk of ischemic events. CYP2C19 genetic testing can guide antiplatelet therapy in ACS patients. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the cost-utility of genotype-guided treatment, compared with prasugrel or generic clopidogrel treatment without genotyping, from the US healthcare provider's perspective. METHODS: A decision model was developed to project lifetime economic and humanistic burden associated with clinical outcomes (myocardial infarction [MI], stroke and major bleeding) for the three strategies in patients with ACS. Probabilities, costs and age-adjusted quality of life were identified through systematic literature review. Incremental cost-utility ratios (ICURs) were calculated for the treatment strategies, with quality-adjusted life years (QALYs) as the primary effectiveness outcome. Relative risk of developing myocardial infarction and stroke between patients with and without variant CYP2C19 when receiving clopidogrel were estimated to be 1.34 and 3.66, respectively. One-way and probabilistic sensitivity analyses were performed. RESULTS: Clopidogrel cost USD19,147 and provided 10.03 QALYs versus prasugrel (USD21,425, 10.04 QALYs) and genotype-guided therapy (USD19,231, 10.05 QALYs). The ICUR of genotype-guided therapy compared with clopidogrel was USD4,200. Genotype-guided therapy provided more QALYs at lower costs compared with prasugrel. Results were sensitive to the cost of clopidogrel and relative risk of myocardial infarction and stroke between CYP2C19 variant vs. non-variant. Net monetary benefit curves showed that genotype-guided therapy had at least 70% likelihood of being the most cost-effective alternative at a willingness-to-pay of USD100,000/QALY. In comparison with clopidogrel, prasugrel therapy was more cost-effective with <21% certainty at willingness-to-pay of >USD170,000/QALY. CONCLUSIONS: Our modeling analyses suggest that genotype-guided therapy is a cost-effective strategy in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing planned percutaneous coronary intervention. FAU - Patel, Vardhaman
Prospective evaluation of on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity over time in patients treated with percutaneous coronary intervention relationship with gene polymorphisms and clinical outcome.$$$ OBJECTIVES: This study sought to investigate the evolving pattern over time of on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity (PR) and its relationship with genotype and clinical outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention. BACKGROUND: Whether on-clopidogrel PR and role of genotype differ over time is unknown. METHODS: On-clopidogrel PR before percutaneous coronary intervention, and 1 and 6 months thereafter via VerifyNow P2Y12 (Accumetrics Inc., San Diego, California), CYP2C19*2, *17, CYP3A5*3, and ABCB1 polymorphisms were evaluated in 300 patients. Death, stroke, myocardial infarction, and bleedings were assessed up to 1 year. RESULTS: On-clopidogrel PR varied significantly over time, being higher at baseline than at 1 and 6 months after. From baseline to 1 month, 83 of 300 patients varied their response status. This was mainly due to baseline poor responders becoming full responders (75 of 83). Genotype justifies roughly 18% of this trend. CYP2C19*2 and *17 influence on PR was consistent over time, whereas that of ABCB1 appeared of greater impact at baseline. On-clopidogrel PR at 1 month independently best predicts ischemic and bleeding events. We found a therapeutic window (86 to 238 P2Y₁₂ reactivity units) with a lower incidence of both ischemic and bleeding complications. A risk score was created by combining genotype (ABCB1 and CYP2C19*2), baseline PR, and creatinine clearance to predict 1-month poor responsiveness and 1-year poor prognosis. CONCLUSIONS: In patients at steady state for clopidogrel undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention, PR decreases from baseline to 1 month. Genotype influences ≈18% of this trend. On-clopidogrel PR at 1 month is the strongest predictor of adverse outcomes, and this can be predicted by combining genotype to baseline phenotype and clinical variables.
Lack of adverse clopidogrel-atorvastatin clinical interaction from secondary analysis of a randomized, placebo-controlled clopidogrel trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Statins primarily metabolized by cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) reportedly reduce clopidogrel's metabolism to active metabolite, thus attenuating its inhibition of platelet aggregation ex vivo. However, the clinical impact of this interaction has not been evaluated. METHODS AND RESULTS: Clopidogrel for the Reduction of Events During Observation (CREDO) was a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized trial comparing pretreatment (300 mg) and 1-year (75 mg/d) clopidogrel therapy (clopidogrel) with no pretreatment and 1-month clopidogrel therapy (75 mg/d) (control) after a planned percutaneous coronary intervention. All patients received aspirin. The 1-year primary end point was a composite of death, myocardial infarction, and stroke. We performed a post hoc analysis to evaluate the clinical efficacy of concomitant clopidogrel and statin administration, categorizing baseline statin use to those predominantly CYP3A4-metabolized (atorvastatin, lovastatin, simvastatin, and cerivastatin) (CYP3A4-MET) or others (pravastatin and fluvastatin) (non-CYP3A4-MET). Of the 2116 patients enrolled, 1001 received a CYP3A4-MET and 158 a non-CYP3A4-MET statin. For the overall study population, the primary end point was significantly reduced in the clopidogrel group (8.5% versus 11.5%, RRR 26.9%; P=0.025). This clopidogrel benefit was similar with statin use, irrespective of treatment with a CYP3A4-MET (7.6% clopidogrel, 11.8% control, RRR 36.4%, 95% CI 3.9 to 57.9; P=0.03) or non-CYP3A4-MET statin (5.4% clopidogrel, 13.6% control, RRR 60.6%, 95% CI -23.9 to 87.4; P=0.11). Patients given atorvastatin or pravastatin had similar 1-year event rates. Additionally, concomitant therapy with statins had no impact on major or minor bleeding rates. CONCLUSIONS: Although ex vivo testing has suggested a potential negative interaction when coadministering a CYP3A4-metabolized statin with clopidogrel, this was not clinically observed statistically in a post hoc analysis of a placebo-controlled study. FAU - Saw, Jacqueline
The association of ABCC3 promoter methylation with clopidogrel response in Chinese ischemic stroke patients.$$$ Multidrug resistance protein 3 (MRP3), encoded by ABCC3, is an ATP-dependent efflux pump mediating the transport of many drugs, implicated in clopidogrel resistance. This study enrolled 87 ischemic stroke patients with CYP2C1 9*1/*1 genotype, who received clopidogrel (75 mg/day) for at least 5 days before discharge. The maximum platelet aggregation (MPA) was measured by light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) to assess platelet function. Whole blood samples were obtained to evaluate the ABCC3 promoter methylation and mRNA expression of ABCC3. Pyrosequencing was carried out to investigate ABCC3 methylation and ABCC3 mRNA expression was evaluated by qPCR. The ABCC3 methylation was neither significantly different among the four MPA quartile groups (P = 0.275) nor independently associated with MPA values (R = 0.100, P = 0.358). However, the ABCC3 promoter methylation status in 87 clinical samples from patients correlated inversely with the expression of ABCC3 (R = - 0.854, P < 0.001). In addition, the ABCC3 expression was neither significantly different among the four quartile groups (P = 0.499) nor independently associated with MPA values (R = 0.060, P = 0.582). ABCC3 promoter methylation does not seem to exhibit any impact on MPA and clopidogrel response at all. FAU - Yang, Jie
Is platelet inhibition due to thienopyridines increased in elderly patients, in patients with previous stroke and patients with low body weight as a possible explanation of an increased bleeding risk?$$$ BACKGROUND: The TRITON-TIMI 38 study has identified three subgroups of patients with a higher risk of bleeding during treatment with the thienopyridine prasugrel: patients with a history of stroke or transient ischaemic attack (TIA), patients ≥75 years and patients with a body weight <60 kg. However, the underlying pathobiology leading to this increased bleeding risk remains to be elucidated. The higher bleeding rate may be due to a stronger prasugrel-induced inhibition of platelet aggregation in these subgroups. The aim of the present study was to determine whether on-treatment platelet reactivity is lower in these risk subgroups as compared with other patients in a large cohort on the thienopyridine clopidogrel undergoing elective coronary stenting. METHODS: A total of 1069 consecutive patients were enrolled. On-clopidogrel platelet reactivity was measured in parallel by light transmittance aggregometry, the VerifyNow® P2Y12 assay and the PFA-100 collagen/ADP cartridge. RESULTS: Fourteen patients (1.5%) had a prior history of stroke or TIA, 138 patients (14.5%) were older than 75 years and 30 patients (3.2%) had a body weight <60 kg. Age ≥ 75 years and a history of stroke were independent predictors of a higher on-treatment platelet reactivity. In contrast, a body weight <60 kg was significantly associated with a lower on-treatment platelet reactivity. CONCLUSION: In two high-risk subgroups for bleeding, patients ≥ 75 years and patients with previous stroke, on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity is increased. In contrast, in patients with a low body weight, on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity is decreased, suggesting that a stronger response to a thienopyridine might only lead to more bleeds in patients with low body weight. FAU - Breet, N J
[Extent of platelet aggregation inhibition and clinical events: new evidence with prasugrel].$$$ Clopidogrel in combination with aspirin is the recommended standard of care for reducing the occurrence of cardiovascular events in patients presenting with acute coronary syndromes; these protective effects of clopidogrel have been shown both in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) and in those treated with medical therapy alone. However, significant shortcomings still exist, including a delayed onset of action in platelet inhibition, individual response variability (with some patients being frankly hyporesponsive), and a prolonged time to recovery of platelet function following cessation of treatment. Among these, clopidogrel hyporesponsiveness seems to be particularly important, as a growing body of evidence suggests that residual platelet reactivity on clopidogrel is associated with a significant increase in the risk of developing adverse clinical events. Prasugrel is a novel, third-generation oral thienopyridine that is a specific, irreversible antagonist of the platelet adenosine 5'-diphosphate P2Y12 receptor. Prasugrel has more potent antiplatelet activity, faster onset of action, and less interpatient variability as compared to clopidogrel. These pharmacodynamic properties led prasugrel to be more effective in preventing ischemic events in patients with acute coronary syndromes undergoing PCI in the setting of the recent TRITON-TIMI 38 study. However, the greater protective effects toward ischemic events were partially counterbalanced by an increased risk of bleeding, particularly in patients with history of transient ischemic attack/stroke, in those with body weight <60 kg and in those older than 74 years. A favorable net clinical benefit of prasugrel compared with clopidogrel has been shown. FAU - Abbate, Rosanna
Ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in acute coronary syndromes in relation to renal function: results from the Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Reduced renal function is associated with a poorer prognosis and increased bleeding risk in patients with acute coronary syndromes and may therefore alter the risk-benefit ratio with antiplatelet therapies. In the Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial, ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel reduced the primary composite end point of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, and stroke at 12 months but with similar major bleeding rates. METHODS AND RESULTS: Central laboratory serum creatinine levels were available in 15 202 (81.9%) acute coronary syndrome patients at baseline, and creatinine clearance, estimated by the Cockcroft Gault equation, was calculated. In patients with chronic kidney disease (creatinine clearance <60 mL/min; n=3237), ticagrelor versus clopidogrel significantly reduced the primary end point to 17.3% from 22.0% (hazard ratio [HR], 0.77; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.65 to 0.90) with an absolute risk reduction greater than that of patients with normal renal function (n=11 965): 7.9% versus 8.9% (HR, 0.90; 95% CI, 0.79 to 1.02). In patients with chronic kidney disease, ticagrelor reduced total mortality (10.0% versus 14.0%; HR, 0.72; 95% CI, 0.58 to 0.89). Major bleeding rates, fatal bleedings, and non-coronary bypass-related major bleedings were not significantly different between the 2 randomized groups (15.1% versus 14.3%; HR, 1.07; 95% CI, 0.88 to 1.30; 0.34% versus 0.77%; HR, 0.48; 95% CI, 0.15 to 1.54; and 8.5% versus 7.3%; HR, 1.28; 95% CI, 0.97 to 1.68). The interactions between creatinine clearance and randomized treatment on any of the outcome variables were nonsignificant. CONCLUSIONS: In acute coronary syndrome patients with chronic kidney disease, ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel significantly reduces ischemic end points and mortality without a significant increase in major bleeding but with numerically more non-procedure-related bleeding. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL:http://www.clinicatrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT00391872. FAU - James, Stefan
Effect of platelet inhibition on bleeding complications in trauma patients on preinjury clopidogrel.$$$ BACKGROUND: Use of antiplatelet medications for acute coronary syndromes and stroke prevention continues to rise as the population ages, although their effects on trauma outcomes remain unclear. This study sought to determine if trauma patients on preinjury clopidogrel with a higher degree of platelet inhibition (PI), as determined by the VerifyNow P2Y12 Test, experienced bleeding complications more frequently than did patients with a lower degree of PI. METHODS: Retrospective, cohort study of adult trauma patients admitted to a Level 1 trauma center between October 1, 2009, and August 31, 2011, with documentation of clopidogrel as a home medication. Patients were excluded if they did not receive the P2Y12 assay, had a platelet count at the time of assay less than 100 × 10/L, or had warfarin, dabigatran, or other thienopyridine therapy documented as a concomitant home medication. The primary outcome compared a composite of bleeding complications between patients with 20% PI or greater and those with less than 20% PI. Bleeding complications were defined as the progression of neurologic insult, postoperative hemorrhage or initiation of the institutional massive blood transfusion protocol. RESULTS: Baseline characteristics were similar between groups. The incidence of bleeding complications was not different between study groups (24.2% vs. 27.6%, p = 0.78). No difference in the secondary outcomes of length of stay, in-hospital mortality, and red blood cell transfusion were observed. Patients with 20% PI or greater received platelet transfusion more frequently than did patients with less than 20% PI (51.5% vs. 10.3%, p = 0.0008). CONCLUSION: The VerifyNow P2Y12 Test may be a tool to stratify trauma patients at a higher risk of bleeding and who subsequently may benefit from transfusion. More frequent platelet transfusion in patients with 20% PI or greater may have resulted in fewer bleeding complications, although confirmation in a prospective, randomized trial is warranted. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Prognostic study, level III. FAU - Short, Shannon
Clopidogrel application: beyond coronary artery disease.$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel, a P2Y12 antagonist, is a cornerstone for treatment of patients with stroke, peripheral arterial disease, and acute coronary artery disease followed with or without percutaneous coronary intervention. Giachini and colleagues found that clopidogrel could normalize the increased phenylephrine-induced vascular contraction and impaired acetylcholine-induced vasodilatation in mesenteric arteries from angiotensin II-infused Sprague-Dawley rats. This might develop a new area for clopidogrel application. However, whether clopidogrel can improve the arterial function in patients with hypertension or diabetes, or whether clopidogrel outweighs the beneficial effect aspirin in those patients, remains an open field for future inquiry. FAU - Zeng, Chunyu
[Comparison on the effects of clopidogrel, statins combination in treating coronary artery disease among the elderly patients: a retrospective cohort study].$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of clopidogrel with or without combined with CYP3A4-metabolized statin in treating coronary artery disease (CAD) among the elderly patients. METHODS: The study cohort was defined as all patients were over 60 years of age and hospitalized for CAD who were prescribed clopidogrel between January 2000 and February 2011. A total of 1021 patients were enrolled, with 178 of them prescribed clopidogrel and 843 patients were administrated clopidogrel combined with statins (CYP3A4-metabolized statins 636 and non CYP3A4-metabolized statins 207). The primary endpoint was all cause of death and the second endpoint were non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI), but hospitalized for unstable angina, stroke, transient ischemic attack, or repeated revascularization (PCI or coronary artery bypass graft). RESULTS: Among the clopidogrel group and the clopidogrel plus statins group, the incidence density of death was 6.86/1000 and 3.18/1000 respectively, with crude RR as 2.15 (95%CI: 1.39-3.33) and statistically significant (χ2=3.53, P<0.01). The incidence density of composite thromboembolic events did not show statistical significance (P>0.05). The two groups were 1:1 matched, after propensity score matching, clopidogrel coadministrated with statins group showed significant decrease in all cause of death, with RR as 0.42 (95%CI: 0.19-0.93), χ2=7.23, P<0.01. No significant difference was observed in deaths or composite thromboembolic events between statins via different cytochrome P450 pathways. CONCLUSION: Clopidogrel with statin could reduce the mortality of elderly CAD patients compared with clopidogrel without statin. The result did not show statistical significance between CYP3A4-metabolized statins or non CYP3A4-metabolized statins regarding the mortality or composite endpoint events. FAU - Gao, Yan
[Relevance of CYP2C19 2 regarding platelet reactivity in patients with acute coronary syndrome treated with clopidogrel].$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Previous studies have shown that the metabolism of P2Y12 receptor blockers is influenced not only by CYP2C19 2 but also by PON1-Q192R alelles. We aimed to evaluate the impact of CYP2C19 2 and PON1-Q192R polymorphisms carriage in platelet reactivity and clinical outcome in patients with ischemic heart disease undergoing cardiac catheterization. PATIENTS AND METHOD: We recruited prospectively patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing cardiac catheterization (n=247). We evaluated the genotype (CYP2C19 2, CYP2C19 17, PON1-Q192R) with TaqMan(®) assay and platelet aggregometry in all patients. We assessed both in and out-of-hospital events (unstable angina, periprocedural and spontaneous myocardial infarction, myocardial infarction, all-cause death, stent thrombosis and stroke) during follow-up. RESULTS: Carriers of CYP2C19 2 alleles showed a significant higher residual platelet reactivity (PRU, mean [SD], 252 [76] vs. 287 [74], P=.002). Carriers of PON1-Q192R CT(RQ) and TT(QQ) alleles and CYP2C19 17 did not present a different response to clopidogrel. In a multivariable setting for the prediction of platelet reactivity, the contribution of CYP2C19 2 was modest (Wald=7.5; odds ratio [OR] for ≥ 1 alelle 2=2,786, 95% confidence interval [95% CI] 1,337-5,808). Independent predictors were baseline hemoglobin levels (g/dL, OR .666, 95% CI .555-.801) and the use of statins (OR .376, 95% CI .162-.873). Body mass index was a risk factor (OR 1,074, CI 95% 1,005-1,148). Studied polymorphisms did not predict an adverse outcome. CONCLUSIONS: CYP2C19 2 polymorphism influenced moderately platelet reactivity but did not show an impact on clinical outcome in patients with acute coronary syndrome. Neither CYP2C19 17 nor PON1-Q192R polymorphisms showed an impact upon platelet reactivity or outcome.
A randomised trial on platelet function-guided de-escalation of antiplatelet treatment in ACS patients undergoing PCI. Rationale and design of the Testing Responsiveness to Platelet Inhibition on Chronic Antiplatelet Treatment for Acute Coronary Syndromes (TROPICAL-ACS) Trial.$$$ Outcomes of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) have been significantly improved with the use of potent P2Y(12) receptor inhibitors like prasugrel. While most of the ischaemic risk reduction for prasugrel versus clopidogrel was demonstrated in the early treatment period, the risk of bleeding became particularly prominent during the chronic course of therapy. It may therefore be a valid approach to substitute prasugrel for clopidogrel in the early phase of chronic antiplatelet treatment after PCI. In the Testing Responsiveness To Platelet Inhibition On Chronic Antiplatelet Treatment For Acute Coronary Syndromes (TROPICAL-ACS) trial, we aim to compare standard prasugrel therapy with a de-escalating antiplatelet treatment approach guided by platelet function testing (PFT). The study is an investigator-initiated European multicentre, randomised clinical trial in biomarker-positive ACS patients after successful PCI. Two thousand six hundred patients will be randomised prior to hospital discharge in a 1:1 fashion to either receive standard prasugrel therapy (control group) or de-escalating therapy (one-week prasugrel followed by one-week clopidogrel and PFT-guided maintenance therapy from day 14 after hospital discharge, monitoring group). Patients of the monitoring group with high on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity (HPR) based on Multiplate analyzer testing (HPR: ≥ 46U per consensus definition) will be switched back to prasugrel, whereas those without HPR (<46 U) will continue clopidogrel treatment. The overall study treatment duration will be one year in both groups. The primary endpoint of the study is net clinical benefit (combined incidence of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke and bleeding ≥ grade 2 according to BARC criteria) one-year after randomisation. TROPICAL-ACS is the first large-scale, randomised controlled trial assessing the clinical value of a PFT-guided de-escalation of antiplatelet treatment in biomarker positive ACS patients undergoing PCI. FAU - Sibbing, Dirk
Structural insights in platelet receptor synergism-antiplatelet therapy in post-ischemic cerebrovascular events.$$$ Synergy between agonists of platelet aggregation, namely, ADP and epinephrine, has been studied in patients having a history of cerebrovascular ischemic event. There is a significant variability of responsiveness among individuals towards clopidogrel, which is a specific inhibitor of the low-affinity human purinergic receptor (P2Y12). For responders of clopidogrel, simultaneous application of ADP and epinephrine at sub-threshold concentrations (i.e., concentration below the threshold concentration at which aggregation occurs) leads to platelet aggregation, which is followed by deaggregation. For non-responders of the drug, the synergism seems to be stronger, showing no deaggregatory pattern. The inhibition of synergism by yohimbine hydrochloride (YH), a blocker of alpha2A-adrenoreceptors is more pronounced in non-responders. A simple structural model based on receptor-receptor interaction is proposed to explain the synergism. The model explains synergy in terms of cooperative interaction between the low-affinity ADP receptor P2Y12 (Swiss Prot:Q9H244) and the alpha2A-adrenoreceptor (Swiss Prot:P08913). It follows that the synergistic effect can be achieved in only one of the two 3D structures for the alpha2A-adrenoreceptor P08913 permitted by homology modeling, as there is a better docking interface with the Q9H244. The synergism itself and the observed dichotomous phenomenon in relation to inhibition of synergism among responders and non-responders can be accounted for, if the interacting receptors on the dynamic membrane interface compete with the clopidogrel binding. FAU - Lahiri, Prabir
P2Y12 inhibitors: thienopyridines and direct oral inhibitors.$$$ The P2Y12 receptor has proven to be a key target in the prevention of complications associated with atherosclerotic vascular disease especially in the context of acute coronary syndrome and percutaneous coronary intervention in addition to aspirin. Three generations of thienopyridines, ticlopidine, clopidogrel, and prasugrel have proven efficacy in the prevention of ischemic vascular events but with increased bleeding. The concept of individualized tailored therapy has recently emerged with the discovery of the diminished effect of some thienopyridine among carriers of the loss-of-function cytochrome (CYP) P4502C19*2 variant. Non-thienopyridine P2Y12 antagonists have also recently demonstrated that these benefits are not limited to one class of agents or may be generalizable to reversible antagonists of this receptor. Future rational use of these agents will require attention to disease and patient features to strike the optimal balance of benefit to risk. FAU - Collet, J-P
[Clopidogrel plus acetylsalicylic acid: a deadly combination].$$$ In the recently published SPS3 trial, clopidogrel plus aspirin increased mortality compared with aspirin alone in patients with lacunar cerebral infarcts. A detailed review of currently available trial data on this dual-antiplatelet strategy, having taken the between-trial variation in mortality in the various control groups into account, indicates lethal toxicity which also occurs in patients with coronary atherosclerosis. The recently observed benefit of an alternative P2Y12 receptor antagonist (ticragelor) on survival as compared with clopidogrel suggests that the toxicity of the clopidogrel/aspirin combination likely results from an 'off-target' effect. The exact nature of this 'off-target' effect is currently unknown. The lack of a survival benefit in combination with the frequent occurrence of serious bleeding complications requires the cessation of the use of clopidogrel in combination with aspirin. The question whether clopidogrel should be replaced by an alternative P2Y12 receptor antagonist needs to be answered by future trials. FAU - Rongen, Gerard A
[Treatment of anti-thrombotic therapy in coronary artery disease].$$$ Anti-platelet therapy is well known to reduce coronary events such as mortality, myocardial infarction and improving the prognosis in patients with coronary artery disease. In addition, dual antiplatelet therapy(DAPT) using aspirin and thienopyridine (usually clopidogrel) is a standard regimen after stenting as one of the standard therapy of revascularization. Recently, drug eluting stents (DES) were developed for preventing restenosis after bare metal stent; however, stent thrombosis after DES has been increasing for long-term period. Polymorphism of CYP2C19 affecting clopidogrel activity might be one cause of such problems. New anti-platelet drugs have been developed to overcome this point. For preventing stent thrombosis, long-term DAPT is necessary right now and lead the occasional bleeding complications. On the other hands, novel oral anti-coagulant drugs have been used for the stroke prevention in patient with atrial fibrillation instead of antivitamin K drug. Several clinical trials are now ongoing to investigate the utility of NOAC in patients with coronary artery disease. In this review, anti-thrombotic treatment for the patients with coronary artery disease from the past to the future is discussed. FAU - Sudo, Mitsumasa
The ABCD-GENE score influences vascular event rates in both users of clopidogrel and aspirin, as well as non-users of either drug in a population-based cohort study. LID - 2023.08.06.23293732 [pii] LID - 10.1101/2023.08.06.23293732 [doi]$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet used in both primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular diseases. It is a prodrug, requiring CYP2C19 for its metabolism to the active metabolite. The ABCD-GENE score, combining clinical attributes (age, body mass index, chronic kidney disease, diabetes mellitus), with genetic information (presence of 1 or 2 loss of function (LOF) alleles in the CYP2C19 gene) has been shown to identify patients with higher risk of recurrent cardiovascular events in high-risk populations undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. We aimed to determine if the ABCD-GENE score or LOF alleles were associated with an increased risk of vascular events among clopidogrel users in a general population. METHODS: We conducted a population based cohort study with UK Biobank's primary care prescription records to identify clopidogrel users. ABCD-GENE scores were calculated with closest available data from the first date of clopidogrel prescription. The number of LOF alleles present, and the clinical component ABCD, were separate exposures. The outcome of interest was a composite endpoint of vascular events comprised of myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, and death due to either of these. We performed Cox proportional hazards models with clopidogrel as a time varying exposure to predict hazards of these outcomes. In order to determine the drug specificity of these exposures, the analyses were repeated in aspirin users, and in non-users of either aspirin or clopidogrel. RESULTS: Among 11,248 clopidogrel users, 3,365 (30%) developed a vascular event over a mean follow-up of 5.95±3.94 years. ABCD-GENE score ≥10 was associated with an increased risk of vascular events (HR 1.13, 95% CI 1.03-1.23). In aspirin users, and in non-users of either aspirin or clopidogrel, the ABCD-GENE score was also associated with increased risk of vascular events. In clopidogrel users, aspirin users, and non-users of either drug, the ABCD score was associated with increased risk of vascular events. The presence of two CYP2C19 LOF alleles was associated with an increased risk of vascular events in aspirin and non-users but not in clopidogrel users. DISCUSSION: In this population-based cohort study, the ABCD-GENE score was associated with an increased risk of vascular events in clopidogrel users, aspirin users, and in non-users of either drug. The clinical component, ABCD was also associated with an increased risk of vascular events in all three groups. This suggests that the ABCD-GENE score is not specific to clopidogrel users in identifying persons at high risk of vascular events in a general sample with low baseline CYP2C19 LOF allele frequency. FAU - Narasimhalu, Kaavya
P2Y12 Inhibitors in Acute Coronary Syndromes: A Real-World, Community-Based Comparison of Ischemic and Bleeding Outcomes.$$$ BACKGROUND: Randomized trials have shown superiority of the novel P2Y12 inhibitors over clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS), but clinical benefit in the community remains controversial. Our objective was to compare the safety and efficacy of clopidogrel to ticagrelor and prasugrel in patients with ACS undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in a real-world population. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of patients with ACS who underwent PCI and were discharged with clopidogrel, ticagrelor, or prasugrel from 2012 to 2018 within Kaiser Permanente Northern California. We used Cox proportional hazard models with propensity-score matching to evaluate the association of the P2Y12 agent with the primary outcomes of all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, and bleeding events. RESULTS: The study included 15,476 patients (93.1% on clopidogrel, 3.6% on ticagrelor and 3.2% on prasugrel). Compared to the clopidogrel group, ticagrelorand prasugrel patients were younger with less comorbidities. In multivariable models with propensity-score matching, we found a lower risk of all-cause mortality in the ticagrelor vs the clopidogrel group (HR (95% CI) 0.43 (0.20-0.92)), but no differences in the other endpoints, and no difference between prasugrel and clopidogrel among any endpoints. A larger proportion of patients on ticagrelor or prasugrel switched to an alternative P2Y12 agent vs. clopidogrel (p < 0.01), and a higher level of persistence was seen among patients on clopidogrel vs. ticagrelor (p = 0.03) or prasugrel (p < 0.01). CONCLUSION: Among patients with ACS who underwent PCI, we observed a lower risk of all-cause mortality in patients treated with ticagrelor vs clopidogrel, but no difference in other clinical endpoints nor any differences in endpoints between prasugrel vs. clopidogrel users. These results suggest that further study is needed to identify an optimal P2Y12 inhibitor in a real-world population.
State of affairs: Design and structure-activity relationships of reversible P2Y12 receptor antagonists.$$$ Myocardial infarction and stroke are the most common causes of mortality and morbidity in the developed world. Therefore the search for antiplatelet therapy has been in focus for the last decades, in particular the search for new P2Y12R antagonists. The first P2Y12R drug developed, clopidogrel, is a major success but there is still room for improvement with respect to bleeding profile and non-responders. These liabilities could be due to the fact that clopidogrel is a pro-drug and upon activation binds covalently to the receptor. Therefore a lot of effort has gone into identifying reversible inhibitors. One recent example is ticagrelor, which in clinical studies have been shown to be safer and even reduce rate of death from vascular events as compared head to head with clopidogrel. We here review the medicinal chemistry strategies used in the design of new reversible P2Y12R antagonists. In addition, we also present structure based design studies based on the recently published agonist and antagonist X-ray structures of P2Y12R.
Effect of pretreatment with a P2Y(12) inhibitor in patients with non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: This study aimed to systematically evaluate the effects of different types and doses of pretreatment with P2Y(12) inhibitors in patients with non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome (NSTE-ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS: Electronic databases were searched for studies comparing pretreatment with different types and doses of P2Y(12) inhibitors or comparison between P2Y(12) inhibitor pretreatment and nonpretreatment. Electronic databases included the Cochrane Library, PubMed, EMBASE, and Web of Science. Literature was obtained from the establishment of each database until June 2022. The patients included in the study had pretreatment with P2Y(12) inhibitors with long-term oral or loading doses, or conventional aspirin treatment (non-pretreatment). The primary endpoint was major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCEs) during follow-up within 30 days after PCI, which included determining the composite endpoints of cardiac death, myocardial infarction, ischemia-driven revascularization, and stroke. The safety endpoint was a major bleeding event. RESULTS: A total of 119,014 patients from 21 studies were enrolled, including 13 RCTs and eight observational studies. A total of six types of interventions were included-nonpretreatment (placebo), clopidogrel pretreatment, ticagrelor pretreatment, prasugrel pretreatment, double loading pretreatment (double loading dose of clopidogrel, ticagrelor, prasugrel) and P2Y(12) inhibitors pretreatment (the included studies did not distinguish the types of P2Y(12) inhibitors, including clopidogrel, ticagrelor, and prasugrel). The network meta-analysis results showed that compared to patients without pretreatment, patients receiving clopidogrel pretreatment (RR = 0.78, 95% CI:0.66, 0.91, P < 0.05) and double-loading pretreatment (RR = 0.62, 95% CI:0.41, 0.95, P < 0.05) had a lower incidence of MACCEs. There was no statistically significant difference in the incidence of major bleeding events among the six pretreatments (P > 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with NSTE-ACS, pretreatment with P2Y(12) inhibitors before percutaneous intervention reduced the incidence of recurrent ischemic events without increasing the risk of major bleeding after PCI compared with nonpretreatment. Clopidogrel or double loading dose P2Y(12) inhibitors can be considered for the selection of pretreatment drugs.
Prasugrel hydrochloride for the treatment of acute coronary syndromes.$$$ INTRODUCTION: P2Y12 receptor antagonists, by inhibiting platelet activation and subsequent aggregation, are critical to prevent ischemic event recurrence after an acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Prasugrel is a third-generation thienopyridine whose metabolites target the P2Y12 receptor. Compared with clopidogrel, prasugrel has a more potent, faster in onset, and more consistent P2Y12 receptor inhibition. AREAS COVERED: This review describes prasugrel chemistry, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and clinical studies. In a Phase III randomized clopidogrel-controlled trial, prasugrel improved cardiovascular outcome (risk reduction of cardiovascular death, non-fatal heart attack and non-fatal stroke) at the cost of increased major and fatal bleeding complications. Prasugrel, in combination with aspirin, has been approved by European and American regulatory agencies for the prevention of atherothrombotic events in patients with ACS who undergo percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). EXPERT OPINION: Prasugrel is effective for managing ACS patients with planned PCI and it offers an alternative with potential benefits over clopidogrel. Prasugrel is currently challenged by ticagrelor, a P2Y12 receptor antagonist with different pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic properties. The superiority of one drug to the other cannot be reliably estimated from the current trials. Ongoing randomized and observational studies may help to provide valuable information on the safety and efficacy of these two drugs and their respective places with ACS patients. FAU - Lhermusier, Thibault
A Review of Cannabis and Interactions With Anticoagulant and Antiplatelet Agents.$$$ Legalization of medical cannabis has occurred in 33 states and the District of Columbia, and recreational use has increased exponentially since 2013. As a result, it is important to understand how cannabis interacts with other drugs and has potential risks for patients on concomitant medications. Components of medical cannabis can inhibit or compete for several cytochrome P450 (CYP) hepatic isoenzymes, UDP-glucuronosyltransferases, and P-glycoprotein. These enzymes and transporters are involved in the metabolism and absorption of numerous medications, including anticoagulants (ACs) and antiplatelet agents (APs), potentially causing harmful drug-drug interactions. ACs and/or APs are often prescribed to high-risk patients with cardiac conditions, a history of myocardial infarction, or stroke. Cannabis may cause these medications to be less efficacious and put patients at risk for recurrent cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events. Several case reports show cannabis may inhibit the metabolism of warfarin because of CYP2C9 interactions, resulting in increased plasma concentrations, increased international normalized ratio, and risk of bleeding. Cannabidiol inhibits CYP2C19, an isoenzyme responsible for the transformation of clopidogrel to its active thiol metabolite. This interaction could lead to subtherapeutic levels of active metabolite and possibly increased stroke risk. Within this review, a total of 665 articles were screened from PubMed and EMBASE. Four case reports, 1 in vitro study, and 1 pharmacokinetic article were found to be of relevance. This review serves to examine reported and potential cannabis interactions with APs/ACs to help inform patients and health care providers of possible risks and knowledge gaps.
Comparison of P2Y12 Inhibitors in Acute Coronary Syndromes in the Australian Population.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel in combination with aspirin after acute coronary syndromes (ACS) reduces recurrent ischaemic events compared to aspirin alone. Further reductions in events have been demonstrated when clopidogrel is replaced by ticagrelor or prasugrel albeit with increases in bleeding. There are few studies documenting the patterns of use of P2Y12 inhibitors or their association with outcomes in the Australian population. AIMS: To describe the patterns of use of each P2Y12 inhibitor and to determine the associations between initial P2Y12 inhibitor use and outcomes. METHODS: Data were extracted from Cooperative National Registry of ACS, Guideline Adherence and Clinical Events (CONCORDANCE)-a prospective database of patients presenting to 43 sites across Australia with ACS. Patients were stratified based on first antiplatelet agent received. Baseline clinical characteristics were compared between these patient groups and hospital investigations, management as well as in-hospital and 12 months outcomes (death, a composite of cardiac-related death, myocardial infarction, and stroke, and major bleeding) were compared between the three treatment cohorts after adjustment for differences in baseline characteristics. RESULTS: Mean ages of the clopidogrel (n=7,537), ticagrelor (n=1,878), and prasugrel (n=347) cohorts were 65, 63, and 58 yrs respectively (p<0.0001), the mean Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events (GRACE) risk scores were 107, 104, and 102 (p=0.0016). The ticagrelor and prasugrel cohorts were more likely to receive percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) (clopidogrel 52%, ticagrelor 66%, prasugrel 88%, p<0.0001), and evidence based medications (≥4 guideline indicated medications: clopidogrel 76%, ticagrelor 82%, prasugrel 93%, p<0.0001). Patients treated with ticagrelor and prasugrel were less likely to experience in-hospital death (clopidogrel 2.5%, ticagrelor 1.4%, prasugrel 1.2%, p=0.05), major adverse cardiac events (MACE) (clopidogrel 5.1%, ticagrelor 3.0%, prasugrel 3.5% [p=0.01]), or bleeding (clopidogrel 8.4%, ticagrelor 4.6%, prasugrel 7.5% [p<0.001]) compared to clopidogrel. These differences were no longer apparent after multivariable adjustment. There was no difference in outcomes between cohorts at 12 months. CONCLUSIONS: In Australia, ticagrelor and prasugrel are used in younger patients who are more likely to undergo percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) and receive evidence based therapy. Patients receiving clopidogrel were more likely to experience in hospital ischaemic or bleeding events but this was explained by their higher baseline risk. Selection of therapy was not associated with any difference in outcomes at 12-month follow-up, but our findings suggest there is room for improvement towards guideline-driven usage of P2Y12 inhibitors.
CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles are not associated with clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in patients treated with newer-generation drug-eluting stents.$$$ CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles adversely affect clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy. Recent introduction of a newer-generation drug-eluting stent (DES) has significantly reduced the occurrence of stent thrombosis.The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of CYP2C19 LOF alleles on clinical outcome in patients treated with the newer-generation DES.The effects of CYP2C19 genotypes were evaluated on clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in 2062 patients treated with percutaneous coronary intervention using either first-generation DES (sirolimus- and paclitaxel-eluting stent, n = 1349) or newer-generation DES (everolimus- and zotarolimus-eluting stent, n = 713). The primary clinical outcome was major cardiac and cerebrovascular event (MACCE) including cardiac death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, stroke, and stent thrombosis during 1 year of follow-up.CYP2C19 LOF alleles were significantly associated with a higher risk of MACCE in patients treated with first-generation DES (hazard ratio [HR] 2.599, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.047-6.453; P = 0.034). In contrast, CYP2C19 LOF alleles were not associated with primary outcome in newer-generation DES (HR 0.716, 95% CI 0.316-1.622; P = 0.522). In the further multivariate analysis, CYP2C19 LOF alleles were not associated with MACCE in patients receiving newer-generation DES (adjusted HR 0.540, 95% CI 0.226-1.291; P = 0.166), whereas they were demonstrated to be an independent risk factor for MACCE in those implanted with first-generation DES (adjusted HR 3.501, 95% CI 1.194-10.262; P = 0.022).In contradiction to their clinical impact in first-generation DES era, CYP2C19 LOF alleles may not affect clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in patients treated with newer-generation DES. FAU - Choi, Ik Jun
Cost-effectiveness of Platelet Function-Guided Strategy with Clopidogrel or Ticagrelor.$$$ Some patients treated with dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) following acute coronary syndrome (ACS) can still exhibit heightened residual platelet reactivity (HRPR), which is potentially linked to adverse vascular outcomes. Better tailored DAPT strategies are needed to address this medical need. AIM: To assess the cost-effectiveness of guided DAPT with clopidogrel or ticagrelor in addition to aspirin when using VerifyNow P2Y(12) testing in post-ACS patients. METHODS: The costs were calculated per 1,000 patients aged >55 years. It was assumed that all patients received either generic clopidogrel or ticagrelor for 1 year, and underwent VerifyNow P2Y(12) assay testing before DAPT maintenance. RESULTS: Guided DAPT will prevent five more MIs and six more deaths per 1,000 patients than a standard prescription of generic clopidogrel. The total predictive value of costs per patient is 32% lower if a guided strategy is used than if ticagrelor is given to all patients. CONCLUSION: Assessment of heightened residual platelet reactivity with P2Y(12) assay in triaging DAPT post-ACS patients for 1 year is a cost-effective strategy that would reduce financial burden compared to routine administration of more expensive antiplatelet agents.
[Oral antiplatelet therapy in the treatment of acute coronary syndrome].$$$ In recent years, there have been rapid developments in cardiology, particularly regarding the diagnosis and treatment of acute coronary syndromes (ACS). In this article, we reviewed the position of oral antiplatelet therapy in current guidelines. Since plaque rupture in ACS leads to a contact between atheroma content and platelets, resulting in rapid platelet aggregation and formation of thrombus plug, the ACS treatment must provide an effective inhibition of platelet aggregation. Therefore, dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and a P2Y(12) inhibitor is the cornerstone of ACS treatment. The fact that the genetic and pharmacokinetic properties of clopidogrel, a P2Y(12) inhibitor, cause insufficient antiplatelet efficacy and inadequate offset of action has led to the introduction of new P2Y(12) inhibitors such as prasugrel, ticagrelor and cangrelor, which offer an improved antiplatelet efficacy with a bleeding risk within acceptable limits. Prasugrel, which is currently approved in Turkey, is used in ACS only for percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in the patients with a known coronary anatomy and without an intended bypass surgery. It has been found prasugrel is found to be efficient in the diabetic patients and for the prevention of subacute thrombus. However, it has limitations such as being contraindicated in the patients with a TIA history, and recommended not to be used (or used with dose reduction) in the patients above the age of 75 years and those with a body weight less than 60 kg. The other approved agent in Turkey is ticagrelor. It allows starting treatment without coronary angiography and can be used in a wide spectrum including PCI and medical treatment, and decreases mortality, all of which are advantages; however, it causes dyspnea in some patients and is dosed twice daily, which are considered as limitations. The widespread use of new P2Y(12) inhibitors in daily practice will demonstrate the antithrombotic efficacy, bleeding risk, effect on mortality and patient compliance associated with these drugs. FAU - Yalçin, Ridvan
Monotherapy with a P2Y(12) inhibitor or aspirin for secondary prevention in patients with established atherosclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Antiplatelet therapy is recommended among patients with established atherosclerosis. We compared monotherapy with a P2Y(12) inhibitor versus aspirin for secondary prevention. METHODS: In this systematic review and meta-analysis, all randomised trials comparing P2Y(12) inhibitor with aspirin monotherapy for secondary prevention in patients with cerebrovascular, coronary, or peripheral artery disease were evaluated for inclusion. On Dec 18, 2019, we searched PubMed, Embase, BioMedCentral, Google Scholar, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials. Additionally, we reviewed references from identified articles and searched abstracts from 2017 to 2019 presented at relevant scientific meetings. Data about year of publication, inclusion and exclusion criteria, sample size, baseline patients' features including the baseline condition determining study inclusion (ie, cerebrovascular, coronary, or peripheral artery disease), P2Y(12) inhibitor type and dosage, aspirin dosage, endpoint definitions, effect estimates, follow-up duration, and percentage of patients lost to follow-up were collected. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% CIs were used as metric of choice for treatment effects with random-effects models. Co-primary endpoints were myocardial infarction and stroke. Key secondary endpoints were all-cause death and vascular death. Heterogeneity was assessed with the I(2) index. This study is registered with PROSPERO (CRD42018115037). FINDINGS: A total of nine randomised trials were identified and included in this study, and 42 108 patients randomly allocated to a P2Y(12) inhibitor (n=21 043) or aspirin (n=21 065) were included in our analyses. Patients who received a P2Y(12) inhibitor had a borderline reduction for the risk of myocardial infarction compared with those who received aspirin (OR 0·81 [95% CI 0·66-0·99]; I(2)=10·9%). Risks of stroke (OR 0·93 [0·82-1·06]; I(2)=34·5%), all-cause death (OR 0·98 [0·89-1·08]; I(2)=0%), and vascular death (OR 0·97 [0·86-1·09]; I(2)=0%) did not differ between patients who received a P2Y(12) inhibitor and those who received aspirin. Similarly, the risk of major bleeding (OR 0·90 [0·74-1·10]; I(2)=3·9%) did not differ between patients who received a P2Y(12) inhibitor and those who received aspirin. The number needed to treat to prevent one myocardial infarction with P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy was 244 patients. Findings were consistent regardless of the type of P2Y(12) inhibitor used. INTERPRETATION: Compared with aspirin monotherapy, P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy is associated with a risk reduction for myocardial infarction and a comparable risk of stroke in the setting of secondary prevention. The benefit of P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy is of debatable clinical relevance, in view of the high number needed to treat to prevent a myocardial infarction and the absence of any effect on all-cause and vascular mortality. FUNDING: Italian Ministry of Education.
Chronic Kidney Disease and Third-Generation P2Y(12) Inhibitors Use in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndrome: Impact on the Prognosis at 1 Year.$$$ Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is associated with worse clinical outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndrome. However, they are underrepresented in clinical trials. We aimed to investigate differences in prognosis of acute coronary syndrome patients with and without CKD, focusing on the use of novel P2Y(12) receptor inhibitors. This multicenter registry involved patients with acute coronary syndrome from 3 tertiary institutions. After excluding anticoagulated patients and patients on antiplatelet monotherapy, 1280 patients remained. During 1 year of follow-up, we recorded all major adverse cardiovascular events (composite of cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, and nonfatal ischemic stroke), bleeds (Bleeding Academic Research Consortium classification) and deaths. Of 1280 patients, 325 (25.4%) had CKD; 55.5% of non-CKD patients and 22.7% of CKD patients were prescribed novel P2Y(12) inhibitors. During follow-up, CKD patients under novel P2Y(12) inhibitors showed a not statistically significant lower mortality and incidence of thrombotic events than clopidogrel-treated ones. In contrast, non-CKD patients taking novel P2Y(12) inhibitors had better outcomes in terms of major adverse cardiovascular events (4.72 vs 9.41; P = .006), all-cause mortality (1.32 vs 4.24; P = .006), and severe bleeding events (Bleeding Academic Research Consortium 3-5) (0.94 vs 2.82; P = .030), without differences for any bleeding (8.11 vs 8.47; P = .849). Bleeding risk was not increased by using third-generation P2Y(12) inhibitors in either group of patients. In conclusion, the use of third-generation P2Y(12) inhibitors among non-CKD patients was associated with better outcomes. CKD patients receiving third-generation P2Y(12) inhibitors treatment showed no statistically significant lower mortality and thrombotic events. Bleeding risk was not increased with the use of third-generation P2Y(12) inhibitors in either group of patients.
Should We Use Aspirin or P2Y(12) Inhibitor Monotherapy in Stable Ischemic Heart Disease?$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To summarize the recent evidence and guideline recommendations on aspirin or P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy in patients with stable ischemic heart disease and provide insights into future directions on this topic, which involves transition to a personalized assessment of bleeding and thrombotic risks. RECENT FINDINGS: It has been questioned whether the evidence for aspirin as the foundational component of secondary prevention in patients with coronary artery disease aligns with contemporary pharmaco-invasive strategies. The recent HOST-EXAM study randomized patients who had received dual antiplatelet therapy for 6 to 18 months without ischemic or major bleeding events to either clopidogrel or aspirin for a further 24 months, and demonstrated that the patients in the clopidogrel arm had significantly lower rates of both thrombotic and bleeding complications compared to those in the aspirin arm. The patient-level PANTHER meta-analysis showed that in patients with established coronary artery disease, P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy was associated with lower rates of myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis as well as gastrointestinal bleeding and hemorrhagic stroke compared to aspirin monotherapy, albeit with similar rates of all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality and major bleeding. Long-term low-dose aspirin is recommended for secondary prevention in patients with stable ischemic heart disease, with clopidogrel monotherapy being acknowledged as a feasible alternative. Dual antiplatelet therapy for six months after percutaneous coronary intervention remains the standard recommendation for patients with stable ischemic heart disease. However, the duration of dual antiplatelet therapy may be shortened and followed by P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy or prolonged based on individualized evaluation of the patient's risk profile.
The gain-of-function variant allele CYP2C19*17: a double-edged sword between thrombosis and bleeding in clopidogrel-treated patients.$$$ BACKGROUND: A large number of clinical studies have documented that a loss-of-function variant CYP2C19*2 affects clinical profiles of clopidogrel (efficacy and safety). However, data on the impact of a gain-of-function variant CYP2C19*17 on the response to that drug seem to be less consistent. OBJECTIVES: To systematically summarize all available clinical data assessing the role of the CYP2C19*17 variant in patients taking clopidogrel. METHODS: A literature search was conducted and a meta-analysis was performed for 11 eligible studies. The endpoints included the major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE, representing non-fatal myocardial infarction, stroke, revascularization, or death), bleeding events, mortality, stent thrombosis and high platelet reactivity (HPR). RESULTS: Data from six clinical studies demonstrated that carriers of the CYP2C19*17 variant had a marked protection against recurrent cardiovascular events in patients with coronary artery disease compared with non-carriers, as measured by a 16% decrease in the incidence of MACE (10.0% vs. 11.9%; OR, 0.82; 95% CI, 0.72-0.94; P = 0.005). On the other hand, carriers had an increased risk of developing bleeding as expected (8.0% vs. 6.5%; OR, 1.25; 95% CI, 1.07-1.47; P = 0.006; four studies). Moreover, the presence of the CYP2C19*17 variant might lead to increased response to clopidogrel, as shown by a marked lower prevalence of HPR in carriers than in non-carriers (37.9% vs. 50.8%; OR, 0.60; 95% CI, 0.45-0.79; P = 0.0003; three studies). CONCLUSIONS: Carriers of the CYP2C19*17 variant have greater therapeutic responsiveness to clopidogrel than non-carriers, but they have an increased risk of developing bleeding as well.
Comparison of P2Y12 receptor inhibitors in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction in clinical practice: a propensity score analysis of five contemporary European registries.$$$ AIMS: Among acute coronary syndromes (ACS), ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) has the most severe early clinical course. Recent randomized clinical trials have demonstrated that novel antithrombotic therapies improve in-hospital outcomes in STEMI patients. We aimed to describe the effectiveness and safety of P2Y12 receptor inhibitors in clinical practice in patients with STEMI based on data from contemporary European ACS registries. METHODS AND RESULTS: Five registries from the PIRAEUS initiative (AAPCI/ADPAT, ALKK-PIC, AMIS Plus, Belgium STEMI, and EYESHOT) provided data for the assessment of P2Y12 receptor inhibitor-based dual antiplatelet therapy. Registries were heterogeneous in terms of setting, patient characteristics, and treatment selection. Matched pair analysis and propensity score matching were used to assess all-cause in-hospital death rates based on data from 25 250 patients (8577 patients on prasugrel, 5995 on ticagrelor, and 10 678 on clopidogrel). The odds ratio (OR) for the death of any cause when compared with clopidogrel was 0.72 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.62-0.84, P < 0.001] in favour of the new P2Y12 receptor inhibitors (prasugrel and ticagrelor combined). In the comparison between prasugrel and ticagrelor, there were no relevant differences (OR 0.97, 95% CI 0.77-1.23; P = 0.81). Event rates of cardiovascular death and stroke were also substantially lower for the new P2Y12 receptor inhibitors. The differences between clopidogrel and prasugrel or ticagrelor on major bleeding were numerically in the same order as for death of any cause but were not statistically significant. No differences in ischaemic and bleeding outcomes were observed between prasugrel and ticagrelor. CONCLUSION: This analysis suggests that the prasugrel or ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel have favourable outcomes in clinical practice while not being inferior in terms of safety.
The effect of correcting VerifyNow P2Y12 assay results for hematocrit in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions.$$$ Essentials Platelet reactivity is correlated with thrombotic risk after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Hematocrit (HCT) is associated with platelet reactivity as measured with the VerifyNow P2Y(12) assay. We tested a formula proposed to correct VerifyNow measurements for HCT in 978 PCI patients. Correcting platelet reactivity for HCT did not improve the prediction of thrombotic events after PCI. SUMMARY: Background High on-treatment platelet reactivity is predictive for the occurrence of atherothrombotic events following percutaneous coronary interventions (PCIs). A low hematocrit (HCT) value is associated with higher platelet reactivity values, expressed in P2Y(12) reaction units (PRU), as measured with the VerifyNow P2Y(12) assay. However, it is suggested that this is only an in vitro phenomenon. Objective To determine whether adjusting PRU for HCT improves the predictive value for thrombotic events following PCI. Material and methods The VerifyNow P2Y(12) assay was performed in clopidogrel-treated patients undergoing non-urgent PCI included in a prospective cohort study. PRU values were corrected for HCT with a formula proposed in recent literature. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves were made to determine the optimal cut-off values to predict the occurrence of the primary endpoint, a composite of all-cause death and non-fatal myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis and ischemic stroke, during 1 year of follow-up. The chi-squared test was performed to determine whether correcting PRU for HCT improved the prediction of the primary endpoint. Results A total of 978 patients were analyzed. A negative correlation between PRU and HCT was observed (R(2) = 0.104). The optimal cut-off value for the corrected PRU was 215. ROC analyses showed that prediction of the primary endpoint did not differ for the corrected PRU (area under the curve, 0.61; sensitivity, 0.57; specificity, 0.64) and the uncorrected PRU (area under the curve, 0.61; sensitivity, 0.69; specificity, 0.53). Conclusion Correcting PRU for HCT does not improve the prediction of thrombotic events following PCI.
Dual antiplatelet therapy for primary and secondary prevention.$$$ The concomitant use of aspirin and an ADP receptor (P2Y12) blocker, also known as dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT), has been extensively investigated as a primary and secondary prevention strategy in an effort to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events. In this manuscript the authors review the current guideline recommendations for DAPT and discuss the scientific data that supports these recommendations. Reported are also the scientific knowledge gaps and how future studies are likely to delineate these issues. Incremental knowledge is not likely to be an alternative to individualized care provided by the astute clinician to his patient. In consideration for prescribing DAPT (drug, dosage and duration) the clinician will have to weigh the potential benefits (reduction in death from cardiovascular causes, nonfatal myocardial infarction, and nonfatal stroke) and risks (severe or life-threatening bleeding) for each and every patient. FAU - Mathur, A P
Short-term efficacy and safety of personalized antiplatelet therapy for patients with acute ischaemic stroke or transient ischaemic attack: A randomized clinical trial.$$$ AIMS: The aim of this study was to determine whether the testing strategy for clopidogrel and/or aspirin resistance using CYP2C19 genotyping or urinary 11-dhTxB2 testing has an impact on clinical outcomes. METHODS: A multicentre, randomized, controlled trial was conducted at 14 centres in China from 2019 to 2021. For the intervention group, a specific antiplatelet strategy was assigned based on the CYP2C19 genotype and 11-dhTxB2, a urinary metabolite of aspirin, and the control group received nonguided (ie, standard of care) treatment. 11-dhTXB2 is a thromboxane A2 metabolite that can help quantify the effects of resistance to aspirin in individuals after ingestion. The primary efficacy outcome was new stroke, the secondary efficacy outcome was a poor functional prognosis (a modified Rankin scale score ≥3), and the primary safety outcome was bleeding, all within the 90-day follow-up period. RESULTS: A total of 2815 patients were screened and 2663 patients were enrolled in the trial, with 1344 subjects assigned to the intervention group and 1319 subjects assigned to the control group. A total of 60.1% were carriers of the CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele (*2, *3) and 8.71% tested positive for urinary 11-dhTxB2- indicating aspirin resistance in the intervention group. The primary outcome was not different between the intervention and control groups (P = .842). A total of 200 patients (14.88%) in the intervention group and 240 patients (18.20%) in the control group had a poor functional prognosis (hazard ratio 0.77, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.63 to 0.95, P = .012). Bleeding events occurred in 49 patients (3.65%) in the intervention group and 72 patients (5.46%) in the control group (hazard ratio 0.66, 95% CI 0.45 to 0.95, P = .025). CONCLUSIONS: Personalized antiplatelet therapy based on the CYP2C19 genotype and 11-dhTxB2 levels was associated with favourable neurological function and reduced bleeding risk in acute ischaemic stroke and transient ischaemic attack patients. The results may help support the role of CYP2C19 genotyping and urinary 11-dhTxB2 testing in the provision of precise clinical treatment.
Clinical pharmacology of antithrombotic drugs in coronary artery disease.$$$ Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of death in the Western world. Antithrombotic therapy is the cornerstone of its successful treatment. Clinical trials have demonstrated that antithrombotic therapy reduces the risk for recurrent myocardial infarction and cardiovascular death. Antiplatelet drugs and anticoagulants interfere with haemostasis and thus bleeding is a major risk factor of these drugs. The benefit of antithrombotic therapy must therefore be carefully balanced with the risk of bleeding and other potential adverse reactions of these drugs. However, to date there is no firm evidence that dosage adaptation of aspirin or clopidogrel according to platelet aggregation testing translates directly into any clinical benefit. Resistance to antithrombotic drugs is a serious problem because these patients are at a higher risk of myocardial infarction, stroke and cardiovascular death. It has most recently been demonstrated that resistance to clopidogrel is at least in part caused by polymorphism of CYP2C19. Clinical trials have also demonstrated that optimal benefit in different settings depends unequivocally on the meticulous choice of the various drugs. Thus, profound knowledge of the clinical pharmacological profiles of the different antithrombotic drugs is indispensable for successful treatment. FAU - Fauler, Joachim
Rationale and design of the Affordability and Real-world Antiplatelet Treatment Effectiveness after Myocardial Infarction Study (ARTEMIS): A multicenter, cluster-randomized trial of P2Y12 receptor inhibitor copayment reduction after myocardial infarction.$$$ BACKGROUND: The use of oral P2Y12 receptor inhibitors after acute myocardial infarction (MI) can reduce risks of subsequent major adverse cardiovascular events (composite of all-cause death, recurrent MI, and stroke), yet medication persistence is suboptimal. Although copayment cost has been implicated as a factor influencing medication persistence, it remains unclear whether reducing or eliminating these costs can improve medication persistence and/or downstream clinical outcomes. DESIGN: ARTEMIS is a multicenter, cluster-randomized clinical trial designed to examine whether eliminating patient copayment for P2Y12 receptor inhibitor therapy affects medication persistence and clinical outcomes. We will enroll approximately 11,000 patients hospitalized for acute ST-elevation and non-ST-elevation MI at 300 hospitals. Choice and duration of treatment with a P2Y12 receptor inhibitor will be determined by the treating physician. Hospitals randomized to the copayment intervention will provide vouchers to cover patients' copayments for their P2Y12 receptor inhibitor for up to 1 year after discharge. The coprimary end points are 1-year P2Y12 receptor inhibitor persistence and major adverse cardiovascular events. Secondary end points include choice of P2Y12 receptor inhibitor, patient-reported outcomes, and postdischarge cost of care. CONCLUSION: ARTEMIS will be the largest randomized assessment of a medication copayment reduction intervention on medication persistence, clinical outcomes, treatment selection, and cost of care after acute MI.
[Evidence-based management of ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). Latest guidelines of the European Society of Cardiology (ESC) 2010].$$$ Acute myocardial infarction and its consequences (death, chronic ischemic coronary artery disease, heart failure) are still the number 1 causes of death and of cardiovascular diseases in Germany. In this context, patients with STEMI are at the highest risk. The first-line management of STEMI patients often determines if the outcome is life or death. This overview presents the current optimal evidence-based management of STEMI patients as a practice-oriented extract according to the latest ESC guidelines, fully published some weeks ago (http://www.escardio.org).All efforts must be made to keep the respective time intervals between the onset of symptoms and the beginning of reperfusion therapy as short as possible, i.e. best within a dedicated STEMI network. Two of the time intervals are particularly essential: the time delay between the onset of symptoms and the first medical contact (FMC) and the time delay between FMC and the beginning of reperfusion. The time delay between the onset of symptoms and FMC depends on the patient as well as on the organization of the emergency medical service (EMS). Unfortunately, too many patients/bystanders still hesitate to immediately call the EMS. More intense measures must therefore be taken to educate the public. The optimal FMC by medical doctors or paramedics reacts quickly and ideally arrives with ECG equipment for immediate diagnosis of STEMI (persistent ST-segment elevation or presumably new left bundle branch block) before hospital admission. Unfortunately in many cases, the FMC is the emergency room of a hospital. Further decisions can be made without laboratory findings. In Germany, the average time delay between onset of symptoms and FMC is 100 min and therefore longer than in some other European countries.The next critical time interval is that between FMC and the beginning of reperfusion: this interval depends solely on the EMS organization and the distance to the next catheter laboratory with 24 h PCI (percutaneous coronary intervention) availability. The key question for further decisions is whether a primary PCI can be performed within 120 min after FMC. If so, the primary PCI should definitively be preferred. In patients <75 years presenting with a large anterior infarction within 2 h after onset of symptoms, this time interval should not exceed 90 min. For primary PCI an often used measure of quality is the "door-to-balloon" time, which should of course be as short as possible. Therefore, patients with STEMI should be admitted directly to the catheterization laboratory bypassing the emergency room or intensive care unit. In Germany, the average time interval between FMC and start of primary PCI is approximately 120 min just at the upper limit of the guideline recommendations. Some other European countries report a significantly shorter corresponding time delay.If primary PCI is not possible within 120 min (or 90 min) after FMC, thrombolysis must be initiated within 30 min after FMC, either in the EMS ambulance or in a nearby non-PCI hospital. A thrombolytic therapy, however, even if "successful", is not the final therapy: within 24 h (but not before 3 h) cardiac catheterization has to be performed with PCI, if applicable. Analyzing the overall revascularization rates in Germany, 81% receive primary PCI, 7% thrombolysis and 12% no reperfusion therapy. Regarding any reperfusion in STEMI, Germany holds the third place after the Czech Republic and Belgium.Patients presenting at 12-24 h after onset of symptoms or later may possibly benefit from a PCI, even if already asymptomatic, if signs of ischemia/viability in the infarct artery-related area are demonstrable. If this cannot be shown, PCI in these patients is not indicated.The first-line medication aims at dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) and anticoagulation. For DAPT, the combination of ASA with a thienopyridine is mandatory. If primary PCI is feasible, DAPT with prasugrel (loading dose of 60 mg, independent of age and weight) is preferred due to its faster onset of action and superior effectiveness over clopidogrel (loading dose of 600 mg). In patients with STEMI, prasugrel when compared to clopidogrel significantly reduced nonfatal myocardial infarction after 15 months from 9.0% to 6.8% and stent thrombosis significantly from 2.8% to 1.6% (ARC definite/probable). If, however, there are contraindications against prasugrel (s/p stroke or TIA) or if thrombolysis had to be performed, clopidogrel is the choice for DAPT.The i.v. administration of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors (GPI) has been limited to only those patients with a high intracoronary thrombus burden. The upstream application of GPI is not recommended. Recommendations for the mechanical treatment of thrombus burden include manual thrombus aspiration (which was upgraded) and a mesh-based protection stent device (MGuard™). For anticoagulation, unfractionated heparin (UFH) is recommended as always but bivalirudin is an upcoming alternative, either in the catheterization laboratory on top after an EMS-delivered UFH bolus or as a possible first-line monotherapy. Bivalirudin may be preferred in STEMI patients with a high risk of bleeding. To prevent possible thrombotic events after PCI, bivalirudin should be continued for several hours after primary PCI.Regardless of whether PCI or thrombolysis was the first-line therapy and regardless of whether a stent (BMS or DES) was implanted, DAPT should be continued for 12 months with prasugrel 10 mg/day (or 5 mg/day, if ≥75 years old and/or <60 kg body weight) or clopidogrel (75 mg/day). There is no evidence that higher maintenance doses of clopidogrel may circumvent possible clopidogrel resistance. The usefulness of so far non-standardized in-vitro platelet aggregation measurements or the practice-oriented interpretation of genetic tests for CYP2C19 polymorphism is unknown. With the 12 months DAPT the patient is treated not the stent. FAU - Silber, S
Impact of Ticagrelor vs. Clopidogrel in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndrome Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention After Risk Stratification With the CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc Score.$$$ BACKGROUNDS: The clinical benefit of ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel in unselected patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) remains controversial in the real world. This study was aimed to investigate the impact of ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel in subjects with ACS without atrial fibrillation or flutter (AF) after PCI based on risk stratification using the CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc score. METHODS: In 2016-2019, patients who underwent PCI with at least one stent implanted in the General Hospital of Northern Theater Command were classified as low- or high-risk groups according to the CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc score. Incidences of 12-month ischemia [cardiac death, myocardial infarction (MI), or stroke], all-cause death, Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) 2,3,5 bleeding, BARC 3,5 bleeding, and net adverse clinical events (NACEs) (all-cause death, MI, stroke, or BARC 3, 5 bleeding) with aspirin plus different P2Y(12) inhibitors (clopidogrel or ticagrelor) were appraised among different risk groups. Propensity score matching (PSM) and Cox multivariate analysis were used to balance the groups. RESULTS: A total of consecutive 17,037 patients with ACS were enrolled. The optimal cut-off value of the CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc score for ischemic events by the Youden test was 3 points. Among patients with high risk (CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc ≥ 3, n = 6,151), ticagrelor was associated with slightly lower risks of ischemic events (2.29% vs. 3.54%, P = 0.02) and stroke (0.39% vs. 1.08%, P = 0.01) without excessive risk of BARC 3, 5 bleeding events (2.16% vs. 2.11%, P = 0.92) compared to clopidogrel within 12 months after PCI. For patients with low risk (CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc < 3, n = 10,886), a statistically significant difference was seen in the incidence of overall 12-month BARC 2, 3, 5 bleeding events by P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor (4.00% vs. 3.26%) with a similar incidence of the ischemic events (1.40% vs. 1.52%). Results in the PSM cohort and the adjustment with Cox multivariate analysis were consistent with the main outcomes. CONCLUSION: Higher CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc scores were associated with a higher incidence of 1-year ischemic events for the patients with ACS after PCI. Compared with clopidogrel, ticagrelor was associated with lower ischemic events within 12 months after PCI without excessive risk of bleeding in high-risk patients but shows poor safety with excess bleeding in low-risk patients.
A Japanese Dose of Prasugrel versus a Standard Dose of Clopidogrel in Patients with Acute Myocardial Infarction from the K-ACTIVE Registry. LID - 10.3390/jcm11072016 [doi] LID - 2016$$$ BACKGROUND: Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin plus P2Y12 inhibitor is used as a standard therapy for patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) treated with drug-eluting stents (DESs). In Japan, clopidogrel was the major P2Y12 inhibitor used for a decade until the new P2Y12 inhibitor, prasugrel, was introduced. Based on clinical studies considering Japanese features, the set dose for prasugrel was reduced to 20 mg as a loading dose (LD) and 3.75 mg as a maintenance dose (MD); these values are 60 and 10 mg, respectively, globally. Despite this dose discrepancy, little real-world clinical data regarding its efficacy and safety exist. METHODS: From the K-ACTIVE registry, based on the DAPT regimen, patients were divided into a prasugrel group and a clopidogrel group. The ischemic event was a composite of cardiovascular death, non-fatal MI, and non-fatal stroke. The bleeding event was type 3 or 5 bleeding based on the Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) criteria. RESULTS: Substantially more patients were prescribed prasugrel (n = 2786) than clopidogrel (n = 890). Clopidogrel tended to be selected over prasugrel in older patients with numerous comorbidities. Before adjustments were made, the cumulative incidence of ischemic events at 1 year was significantly greater in the clopidogrel group than in the prasugrel group (p = 0.007), while the cumulative incidence of bleeding events at 1 year was comparable between the groups (p = 0.131). After adjustments were made for the age, sex, body weight, creatine level, type of AMI, history of MI, approach site, oral anticoagulation therapy, presence of multivessel disease, Killip classification, and presence of intra-aortic balloon pumping, both ischemic and bleeding events became comparable between the groups. CONCLUSION: A Japanese dose of prasugrel was commonly used in AMI patients in the real-world database. Both the prasugrel and clopidogrel groups showed comparable rates of 1 year ischemic and bleeding events. FAU - Mori, Hiroyoshi
Impact of Insulin Receptor Substrate-1 rs956115 and CYP2C19 rs4244285 Genotypes on Clinical Outcome of Patients Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.$$$ Background Insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1) rs956115 is associated with vascular risk in patients with coronary artery disease and concomitant diabetes. CYP2C19*2 (rs4244285) modulates clopidogrel response and predicts the outcome of coronary artery disease. This study was designed to explore the association between IRS-1, CYP2C19*2 genotypes, platelet reactivity, and 1-year outcome in patients with coronary artery disease undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. Methods and Results Genotyping was performed using an improved multiplex ligation detection reaction technique. Platelet aggregation was assessed by light transmission aggregometry. Major adverse cardiovascular events were defined as a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, and ischemic stroke. A total of 2213 consecutive patients were screened and 1614 were recruited. At 1 month, patients with IRS-1 CG genotype had significantly lower levels of ADP-induced platelet aggregation compared with patients with CC homozygotes. Patients with IRS-1 CG or GG genotype had a 2.09-fold higher risk of major adverse cardiovascular events compared with those with CC homozygotes (95% CI, 1.04-4.19; P=0.0376). By comparison, patients with CYP2C19*2 GA or AA genotype had higher ADP-induced platelet aggregation compared with patients with GG homozygotes. Although there was no significant difference in risk of major adverse cardiovascular events between patients with GA/AA and GG genotypes, patients with GA genotype had a 2.19-fold higher risk than those with GG homozygotes (95% CI, 1.13-4.24; P=0.0200). No interaction between IRS-1 and CYP2C19*2 genotypes was observed. Conclusions In patients following percutaneous coronary intervention, IRS-1 GG/CG and CYP2C19*2 GA genotypes were associated with 2.09- and 2.19-fold increased cardiovascular risk, respectively, at 1-year follow-up. The association between IRS-1 genotypes and major adverse cardiovascular events appeared to be independent of known clinical predictors. Registration URL: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov; Unique identifier: NCT01968499. FAU - Zong, Jiaxin
Outcomes Among Clopidogrel, Prasugrel, and Ticagrelor in ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction Patients Who Underwent Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention From the TOTAL Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Robust comparisons between oral P2Y12 inhibitors (clopidogrel, prasugrel, ticagrelor) in ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) patients who undergo primary percutaneous coronary intervention are lacking. We sought to evaluate outcomes on the basis of P2Y12 inhibitor therapy in patients from the Thrombectomy With PCI Versus PCI Alone in Patients With STEMI Undergoing Primary PCI (TOTAL) trial. METHODS: We grouped 9932 patients according to P2Y12 inhibitor at hospital discharge: clopidogrel (n = 6500; 65.5%), prasugrel (n = 1244; 12.5%), or ticagrelor (n = 2188; 22.0%). The primary composite end point of cardiovascular death, recurrent myocardial infarction, cardiogenic shock, or New York Heart Association class IV heart failure was examined at 1 year. Secondary efficacy and safety end points were also assessed. Cox proportional hazard ratios were determined and adjusted for confounders via propensity scoring. RESULTS: Baseline characteristics differing between the 3 groups were mainly age 75 years or older, diabetes, and previous stroke. After adjustment, ticagrelor use was associated with a lower rate of the primary composite outcome compared with clopidogrel (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR], 0.72; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.57-0.91; P < 0.02) and prasugrel (aHR, 0.65; 95% CI, 0.48-0.89; P = 0.02). Prasugrel use was not associated with a lower rate of the primary outcome compared with clopidogrel (aHR, 1.09; 95% CI, 0.86-1.39; P > 0.99). Neither prasugrel nor ticagrelor were associated with increased risk of stroke compared with clopidogrel. Compared with clopidogrel, ticagrelor was associated with significantly lower rates of major bleeding. CONCLUSIONS: In this observational analysis of STEMI patients who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention, ticagrelor was associated with improved outcomes compared with clopidogrel and prasugrel. An appropriately powered randomized trial is needed to confirm these findings.
Point of care CYP2C19 genotyping after percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ Loss-of-function CYP2C19 variants are associated with increased cumulative ischemic outcomes warranting CYP2C19 genotyping prior to clopidogrel administration. TAILOR-PCI was an international, multicenter (40 sites), prospective, randomized trial comparing rapid point of care (POC) genotype-guided vs. conventional anti-platelet therapy. The performance of buccal-based rapid CYP2C19 genotyping performed by non-laboratory-trained staff in TAILOR-PCI was assessed. Pre-trial training and evaluation involved rapid genotyping of 373 oral samples, with 99.5% (371/373) concordance with Sanger sequencing. During TAILOR-PCI, 5302 patients undergoing PCI were randomized to POC rapid CYP2C19 *2, *3, and *17 genotyping versus no genotyping. At 12 months post-PCI, TaqMan genotyping determined 99.1% (2,364/2,385) concordance with the POC results, with 90.7-98.8% sensitivity and 99.2-99.6% specificity. In conclusion, non-laboratory personnel can be successfully trained for on-site instrument operation and POC rapid genotyping with analytical accuracy and precision across multiple international centers, thereby supporting POC genotyping in patient-care settings, such as the cardiac catheterization laboratory.Clinical Trial Registration: https://www.clinicalTrials.gov (Identifier: NCT01742117).
Prescription patterns of P2Y12 inhibitors following revascularization in the United States: 2013-2018.$$$ P2Y12 inhibitors (i.e., clopidogrel, prasugrel, or ticagrelor) are effective at reducing adverse cardiovascular outcomes post-revascularization in coronary artery disease (CAD). However, the choice of a specific P2Y12 inhibitor may vary according to the patient's characteristics, and trends in the use of different P2Y12 inhibitors are not well studied in real-world settings. The objective of this study is to determine trends in the prescription patterns of P2Y12 inhibitors in patients with CAD. We studied 137,073 patients with CAD cross-sectionally using the IBM MarketScan database (2013-2018). Patients with CAD prescribed P2Y12 inhibitors within 14 days of index revascularization were included to compare the utilization of P2Y12 inhibitors based on age and clinical characteristics. There were differences in prescription patterns by age. Among patients aged less than or equal to 65 years (N = 92,734), a continuously increased utilization of ticagrelor was observed from 13.7% to 45.6% replacing clopidogrel as the most prescribed medication by 2018. Similarly, ticagrelor was the choice of drug among patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. Among the patients at high bleeding risk, clopidogrel remained the most prescribed medication with use in 50.6% of patients in 2018 in patients aged less than or equal to 65 years. Contrarily, among the older adults with age 65 or above (N = 44,339), although ticagrelor use increased with time, clopidogrel remained the most utilized drug and was used by 66.2% of patients in 2018. Additionally, clopidogrel was the preferred medication among patients with stroke history. With the increasing use of ticagrelor in real-world practice, further research is needed to observe its impact on cardiovascular outcomes.
Ischemic and Bleeding Events Among Patients With Acute Coronary Syndrome Associated With Low-Dose Prasugrel vs Standard-Dose Clopidogrel Treatment.$$$ IMPORTANCE: Prasugrel was approved at a lower dose in 2014 in Japan than in the West because East Asian patients are considered more susceptible to bleeding than Western patients. However, real-world outcomes with low-dose prasugrel treatment remain unclear. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of low-dose prasugrel vs standard-dose clopidogrel administration with short-term outcomes among patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This study used data from the Japan Cardiovascular Database-Keio Interhospital Cardiovascular Studies registry, a large, ongoing, multicenter, retrospective cohort of consecutive patients who underwent PCI. The present cohort study evaluated 2770 patients with acute coronary syndrome who underwent PCI and received either low-dose prasugrel (loading dose, 20 mg; maintenance dose, 3.75 mg) or clopidogrel (loading dose, 300 mg; maintenance dose, 75 mg) in combination with aspirin between 2014 and 2018. Propensity score-matching analysis was conducted to balance the baseline characteristics of patients receiving low-dose prasugrel and those receiving clopidogrel. Data analysis was conducted in June 2019. EXPOSURES: Prescription of either low-dose prasugrel or standard-dose clopidogrel prior to PCI. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Primary ischemic events (in-hospital death, recurrent myocardial infarction, and ischemic stroke) and primary bleeding events, defined as bleeding complications within 72 hours after PCI consistent with the National Cardiovascular Data Registry CathPCI Registry definition. RESULTS: Of 2559 patients included in the study, the mean (SD) age was 67.8 (12.7) years, and 78.2% were male. In total, 1297 patients (50.7%) received low-dose prasugrel, and 1262 patients (49.3%) received clopidogrel. After propensity score matching, primary ischemic events among patients receiving low-dose prasugrel and those receiving clopidogrel were comparable (odds ratio [OR], 1.42; 95% CI, 0.90-2.23), but primary bleeding events were significantly higher among patients receiving prasugrel (OR, 2.91; 95% CI, 1.63-5.18). This increase in bleeding events was associated with the presence of a profile of high-bleeding risk (≥75 years of age, body weight <60 kg, or history of stroke or transient ischemic attack) (OR, 4.08; 95% CI, 1.86-8.97), being female (OR, 3.84; 95% CI, 1.05-14.0), or the presence of ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (OR, 2.07; 95% CI, 1.05-4.09) or chronic kidney disease (OR, 4.78; 95% CI, 1.95-11.7). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Since its approval, low-dose prasugrel has been used by nearly 80% of patients who undergo PCI. Despite the modified dose, bleeding events were higher among patients receiving low-dose prasugrel than among patients receiving clopidogrel, with no difference in ischemic events between the 2 groups. These results suggest the importance of a risk assessment of bleeding prior to selecting a P2Y12 inhibitor, even for the use of a lower approved dose, when treating patients of East Asian descent. FAU - Shoji, Satoshi
Development of a point-of-care genetic test for effective treatment of ischaemic stroke: an early model-based cost-effectiveness analysis.$$$ Background: People who have experienced a stroke are at high risk of recurrent strokes. Clopidogrel is prescribed to people who have had a non-cardioembolic stroke. There is evidence that clopidogrel is not effective for patients with CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles. Pharmacogenetic testing is a potential strategy to identify such patients and guide prescription of appropriate antiplatelet treatment. This study aimed to provide an early estimate of the cost-effectiveness of using a point-of-care pharmacogenetic CYP2C19 test in the UK National Health System. Methods: A decision-analytic model comprising a linked decision tree and Markov model were created in R comparing pharmacogenetic testing with current prescribing practice. In the pharmacogenetic testing arm, patients identified to have one of three loss-of-function alleles were prescribed modified-release dipyridamole and aspirin or aspirin alone. Indicative data were sourced from reviews of the literature supported by expert consultation to select the most appropriate value for the input parameters. The healthcare costs (£;2021) and quality adjusted life years resulting from each strategy were estimated and the incremental cost-effectiveness of testing calculated. Deterministic threshold analysis and probabilistic sensitivity analysis (PSA) was conducted to account for uncertainty in the parameter estimates. Results: The pharmacogenetic testing strategy generated 0.107 additional QALYs per patient tested and saved £512. Pharmacogenetic testing dominated current prescribing practice. The results were robust to extreme changes in key input variables. The PSA suggested that there was a 77% chance that pharmacogenetic testing would be cost-effective with a 62% chance it is cost-saving. Conclusions: A point-of-care pharmacogenetic test to guide prescription of clopidogrel for people who have experienced a stroke has the potential to provide a significant health gain by preventing secondary strokes and may save resources in the health system. This early economic analysis has also informed the direction for future research.
One-year clinical outcomes of ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel after percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with acute myocardial infarction: From Korean Health Insurance Review and Assessment Data.$$$ BACKGROUND: Ticagrelor has been widely accepted in clinical practice for treatment of acute myocardial infarction (AMI), however its clinical safety and efficacy have not been revealed sufficiently in Asian populations. METHODS AND RESULTS: Among a total 20,270 patients (age <75 years) with AMI undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention who received dual antiplatelet therapy for at least 30 days, clinical outcomes at 1 year were assessed from the database of Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service in Korea between 2013 and 2014. Ticagrelor showed a significant effect on reduction of all-cause death [stabilized inverse probability of treatment weighted (sIPTW)-adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 0.57, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.42-0.77, p<0.001]. Stroke was also reduced by using ticagrelor (sIPTW-aOR 0.58, 95% CI 0.41-0.82, p=0.002). Bleeding risk was not increased by ticagrelor use. There were nearly 30% of patients who switched from ticagrelor to different P2Y12 inhibitors. Switching P2Y12 inhibitors was associated with clinical adverse events including MI, stroke, and bleeding. CONCLUSIONS: Among patients aged younger than 75 years, ticagrelor was associated with lower incidence of all-cause mortality. Stroke risk was also reduced in patients with a prescription for ticagrelor without an increase in bleeding risk.
[Focused update on dual antiplatelet treatment : ESC guidelines 2017].$$$ Dual antiplatelet treatment (DAPT) is a cornerstone of maintenance medication of patients following elective percutaneous coronary interventions or an acute coronary syndrome (ACS), e. g. ST elevation myocardial infarction, non-ST elevation myocardial infarction and unstable angina. In recent years the inclusion of P2Y(12) inhibition in addition to low-dose acetylsalicylic acid has been intensively debated. Following the introduction of the modern generation of drug-eluting stents for elective coronary interventions, the duration of the necessary DAPT has been clearly reduced. In patients with ACS the question arises when treatment with one of the more potent P2Y(12) inhibitors, such as prasugrel and ticagrelor should be used instead of clopidogrel. A potential extension of DAPT beyond 12 months can be considered in high-risk patients after implantation of bioresorbable vascular scaffolds and following myocardial infarction. A special focus is on those patients who have already been treated with oral anticoagulants for stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation and require additional platelet inhibition following coronary stenting. This article summarizes and assesses the major recommendations given in the Focused Update DAPT 2017 of the European Society of Cardiology (ESC). In particular the recommendations address strategies to reduce an increased risk of bleeding based on clinical predictors. FAU - Schäfer, A
Dual antiplatelet therapy for coronary artery disease.$$$ Platelets initiate the formation of a thrombus at the site of an arterial injury, and the clotting cascade is activated as the thrombus matures. After coronary stent placement, dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin and ticlopidine dramatically reduces the risk of stent thrombosis, compared with anticoagulation therapy, and has become the standard of care for prevention of stent thrombosis. Clopidogrel is a second-generation thienopyridine that eliminates the serious side effects of ticlopidine, and new P2Y12 receptor blockers have emerged to overcome the limitations of clopidogrel. Current guidelines recommend DAPT with aspirin and clopidogrel for 1 month after implantation of bare-metal stents, and for 6-12 months after implantation of drug-eluting stents (DES). In patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS), DAPT administration for 12 months was shown to be superior to aspirin alone for the prevention of recurrent events. Treatment with aspirin and new P2Y12 receptor blockers has further reduced the rate of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction or stroke after ACS compared with aspirin and clopidogrel. Nonetheless, long-term DAPT increases the risk of major bleeding, requiring a delicate balance between anti-ischemic benefit and bleeding risk. In summary, DAPT should be maintained for at least 6-12 months after implantation of DES, and for at least 12 months after ACS, unless contraindicated. FAU - Lee, Cheol Whan
Cost-effectiveness analysis of pharmacogenomics-guided clopidogrel treatment in Spanish patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet drug given to patients before and after having a percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Genomic variants in the CYP2C19 gene are associated with variable enzyme activities affecting drug metabolism and hence, patients with reduced or increased enzymatic function have increased risk of bleeding. We conducted a cost-effectiveness analysis to compare a pharmacogenomics versus a non-pharmacogenomics-guided clopidogrel treatment for coronary artery syndrome patients undergoing PCI in the Spanish healthcare setting. A total of 549 patients diagnosed with coronary artery disease followed by PCI were recruited. Dual antiplatelet therapy was administrated to all patients from 1 to 12 months after PCI. Patients were classified into two groups: the Retrospective group was treated with clopidogrel based on the clinical routine practice and the Prospective group were initially genotyped for the presence of CYP2C19 variant alleles before treatment with those carrying more than one CYP2C19 variant alleles given prasugrel treatment. We collected data on established clinical and health outcome measures, including, per treatment arm: the percentage of patients that suffered from (a) myocardial infraction, (b) major bleeding and minor bleeding, (c) stroke, (d) the number of hospitalization days, and (e) the number of days patients spent in Intensive Care Unit. Our primary outcome measure for the cost-effectiveness analysis was Quality Adjusted Life Years (QALYs). To estimate the treatment cost for each patient, individual data on its resource used were combined with unit price data, obtained from Spanish national sources. The analysis predicts a survival of 0.9446 QALYs in the pharmacogenomics arm and 0.9379 QALYs in the non-pharmacogenomics arm within a 1-year horizon. The cumulative costs per patient were €2971 and €3205 for the Prospective and Retrospective groups, respectively. The main cost driver of total cost in both arms was hospitalization costs. The incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) was negative indicating that the PGx was a dominant option. Our data show that pharmacogenomics-guided clopidogrel treatment strategy may represent a cost-effective choice compared with non-pharmacogenomics-guided strategy for patients undergoing PCI. FAU - Fragoulakis, Vasilios
Short-Term DAPT and DAPT De-Escalation Strategies for Patients With Acute Coronary Syndromes: A Systematic Review and Network Meta-Analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Short-term (≤6 months) dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) and DAPT de-escalation become attractive for patients with acute coronary syndrome. METHODS: A systemic search identified randomized controlled trials that included patients with acute coronary syndrome treated using (1) standard DAPT (12 months) with clopidogrel, prasugrel (standard/low dose), or ticagrelor; (2) extended DAPT (≥18 months); (3) short-term DAPT (≤6 months) followed by P2Y(12) inhibitor or aspirin; (4) 12-month DAPT with unguided de-escalation from potent P2Y(12) inhibitors to low-dose potent P2Y(12) inhibitor or clopidogrel at 1 month; and (5) guided selection DAPT with genotype or platelet function tests. The primary efficacy outcome (major adverse cardiovascular events) was a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke. The primary safety outcome was major or minor bleeding. RESULTS: This meta-analysis included 32 randomized controlled trials with 103 497 patients. While there were no differences in efficacy between short, unguided de-escalation and guided selection strategies, unguided de-escalation was associated with reduced risk of major adverse cardiovascular events compared with standard DAPT with clopidogrel or ticagrelor (hazard ratio [95% CI], 0.67 [0.49-0.93] and 0.68 [0.50-0.93]). Both short DAPT followed by P2Y(12) inhibitor and unguided de-escalation were associated with reduced risks in safety compared with other strategies, including guided selection (hazard ratio [95% CI], 0.66 [0.47-0.93] and 0.48 [0.33-0.71]). Short DAPT followed by a P2Y(12) inhibitor was associated with reduced risk of major bleeding and all-cause death compared with standard, extended DAPT (eg, versus DAPT with clopidogrel; hazard ratio [95% CI], 0.64 [0.42-0.97] and 0.60 [0.44-0.82]). By rankogram, unguided de-escalation strategy was the safest and most effective strategy in reducing major adverse cardiovascular events and major or minor bleeding while short DAPT followed by P2Y(12) inhibitor was ranked the best for major bleeding and all-cause death. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with acute coronary syndrome, unguided de-escalation was associated with the lowest risk of major adverse cardiovascular events and major or minor bleeding outcomes, while short DAPT followed by P2Y(12) inhibitor was associated with the lowest risk of major bleeding and all-cause death. FAU - Kuno, Toshiki
Ilaprazole and Clopidogrel Resistance in Acute Stroke Patients. LID - 10.3390/biomedicines10061366 [doi] LID - 1366$$$ Clopidogrel, an antiplatelet agent used for secondary prevention of cerebrovascular diseases, is often taken with proton pump inhibitors (PPIs). Generally, the combined use of clopidogrel and PPIs causes adverse drug-drug interactions. VerifyNow is a quick and convenient method to confirm clopidogrel resistance (CR), which compromises adequate antithrombotic effects. We aimed to confirm CR, identify its factors, and determine the influence of the combination of ilaprazole and clopidogrel on clopidogrel using VerifyNow. In this retrospective study, we examined patients who were receiving clopidogrel after three months, starting within one week from the onset of cerebral infarction symptoms. Clinical records, imaging records, and diagnostic laboratory results, including P2Y12 reaction units (PRU), were compared and analyzed to check for CR. Additionally, the groups treated with either both ilaprazole and clopidogrel or with medications other than ilaprazole were comparatively analyzed. CR was defined as a PRU ≥240 after clopidogrel for three months. Among factors influencing CR by affecting clopidogrel metabolism, positive statistical correlations with age and alcohol consumption were confirmed. The diagnostic tests revealed a lower glomerular filtration rate and platelet count of the CR-positive group. This finding proved that the combination therapy of ilaprazole and clopidogrel is safe, as it does not interfere with the metabolism of clopidogrel. FAU - Lim, In Hwan
Evaluation of safety of switching between oral P2Y12 inhibitors: a descriptive study.$$$ PURPOSE: Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor is recommended for patients with acute coronary syndrome and after percutaneous coronary intervention with stenting in stable coronary artery disease to help prevent further thromboembolic events. However, there is limited guidance on appropriate strategies for switching between oral P2Y12 inhibitors. The aim of this study was to evaluate safety of switching modalities at our institution and compare them to the recently published expert consensus recommendations. METHODS: This was a retrospective, descriptive analysis of patients admitted to Brigham and Women's Hospital from January 2015 to December 2018. Patients were included if they were at least 18 years of age and had documented administrations of two or more oral P2Y12 inhibitors during the same admission. The major safety endpoint was incidence of major adverse cardiac events (MACE) (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, and non-coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG)-related bleeding) at seven days or until hospital discharge. Minor endpoints included the incidence of in-stent thrombosis, number of patients who received appropriate loading doses (LD) before and after the recently published recommendations, and documented reason for switching between agents. RESULTS: There were 253 patients included in the final analysis. Of these, 83 patients were on clopidogrel as the first agent prior to switching, 9 patients were on prasugrel, and 161 were on ticagrelor. There was no incidence of the primary safety endpoint observed in any group. However, the number of patients who received a LD when switching between oral P2Y12 inhibitors increased from 80.0% to 87.0% after publication of the expert consensus paper. The most common reasons for switching from one agent to another were cost/insurance coverage (19.0%), need for triple therapy (16.0%), and bleeding risk (11.0%). CONCLUSION: Different switching modalities were not associated with an increase in MACE at our institution; however, larger randomized controlled trials are warranted.
Clopidogrel Resistance in Patients With Stroke Recurrence Under Single or Dual Antiplatelet Treatment.$$$ Background: The factors associated with clopidogrel resistance in patients with stroke recurrence receiving single or dual antiplatelet treatment (SAPT or DAPT) may differ. This study compared the high on-treatment platelet reactivities (HPRs) and the factors associated with clopidogrel resistance in recurrent ischemic stroke patients receiving clopidogrel or aspirin and clopidogrel. Methods: We enrolled and allocated 275 recurrent ischemic stroke patients to the clopidogrel and DAPT groups and compared their demographics, conventional risk factors, and P2Y12 reaction units (PRUs). Clopidogrel resistance was categorized as PRU higher than 275. We performed a multivariate logistic regression analysis to determine the factors underlying clopidogrel resistance during SAPT and DAPT. Results: In total, 145 (52.7%) and 130 (47.3%) patients received clopidogrel and DAPT, respectively at recurrence. The risk factors of the two groups were not significantly different, except that coronary artery disease was more frequent in the DAPT group. The PRU was higher (255 ± 91 vs. 221 ± 84; p = 0.002) and clopidogrel resistance was more frequent (45.5 vs. 31.5%; p = 0.018) in the SAPT than in the DAPT group. Hyperlipidemia was associated with clopidogrel resistance during SAPT, and smoking (Odds ratio = 0.426, 95% confidence interval 0.210-0.861; p = 0.018) had a protective effect against clopidogrel resistance. For those receiving DAPT, old age, female, low hemoglobin A1c level, and high ARU were associated with clopidogrel resistance. Conclusions: HPR and clopidogrel resistance were more frequent in recurrent ischemic stroke patients receiving clopidogrel than in those receiving DAPT. Smoking was independently associated with less clopidogrel resistance among those receiving clopidogrel SAPT but not in those receiving DAPT.
P2Y12 Inhibitor Monotherapy with Clopidogrel Versus Ticagrelor in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention. LID - 10.3390/jcm9061657 [doi] LID - 1657$$$ BACKGROUND: P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy is an alternative antiplatelet strategy in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). However, the ideal P2Y12 inhibitor for monotherapy is unclear. METHODS AND RESULTS: We performed a multicenter, retrospective, observational study to compare the efficacy and safety of monotherapy with clopidogrel versus ticagrelor in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing PCI. From 1 January 2014 to 31 December 2018, 610 patients with ACS who received P2Y12 monotherapy with either clopidogrel (n = 369) or ticagrelor (n = 241) after aspirin was discontinued prematurely were included. Inverse probability of treatment weighting was used to balance covariates between the groups. The primary endpoint was the composite of all-cause mortality, recurrent ACS or unplanned revascularization, and stroke within 12 months after discharge. Overall, 84 patients reached the primary endpoint, with 57 (15.5%) in the clopidogrel group and 27 (11.2%) in the ticagrelor group. Multivariate adjustment in Cox proportional-hazards models revealed a lower risk of the primary endpoint with ticagrelor than with clopidogrel (adjusted hazard ratio (aHR): 0.67, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.49-0.93). Ticagrelor significantly reduced the risk of recurrent ACS or unplanned revascularization (aHR: 0.46, 95% CI: 0.28-0.75). No significant difference in all-cause mortality and major bleeding events was observed between the 2 groups. CONCLUSIONS: Among patients with ACS undergoing PCI who cannot complete course of dual antiplatelet therapy, a significantly lower risk of cardiovascular events was associated with ticagrelor monotherapy than with clopidogrel monotherapy. The major bleeding risk was similar in both the groups. FAU - Chen, Po-Wei
Dabigatran dual therapy with ticagrelor or clopidogrel after percutaneous coronary intervention in atrial fibrillation patients with or without acute coronary syndrome: a subgroup analysis from the RE-DUAL PCI trial.$$$ AIMS: After percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in patients with atrial fibrillation, safety and efficacy with dabigatran dual therapy were evaluated in pre-specified subgroups of patients undergoing PCI due to acute coronary syndrome (ACS) or elective PCI, and those receiving ticagrelor or clopidogrel treatment. METHODS AND RESULTS: In the RE-DUAL PCI trial, 2725 patients were randomized to dabigatran 110 mg or 150 mg with P2Y12 inhibitor, or warfarin with P2Y12 inhibitor and aspirin. Mean follow-up was 14 months, 50.5% had ACS, and 12% received ticagrelor. The risk of the primary endpoint, major or clinically relevant non-major bleeding event, was reduced with both dabigatran dual therapies vs. warfarin triple therapy in patients with ACS [hazard ratio (95% confidence interval), 0.47 (0.35-0.63) for 110 mg and 0.67 (0.50-0.90) for 150 mg]; elective PCI [0.57 (0.43-0.76) for 110 mg and 0.76 (0.56-1.03) for 150 mg]; receiving ticagrelor [0.46 (0.28-0.76) for 110 mg and 0.59 (0.34-1.04) for 150 mg]; or clopidogrel [0.51 (0.41-0.64) for 110 mg and 0.73 (0.58-0.91) for 150 mg], all interaction P-values >0.10. Overall, dabigatran dual therapy was comparable to warfarin triple therapy for the composite endpoint of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, systemic embolism, or unplanned revascularization, with minor variations across the subgroups, all interaction P-values >0.10. CONCLUSION: The benefits of both dabigatran 110 mg and 150 mg dual therapy compared with warfarin triple therapy in reducing bleeding risks were consistent across subgroups of patients with or without ACS, and patients treated with ticagrelor or clopidogrel.
Randomized Comparisons of Double-Dose Clopidogrel or Adjunctive Cilostazol Versus Standard Dual Antiplatelet in Patients With High Posttreatment Platelet Reactivity: Results of the CREATIVE Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention react differently to antiplatelet drugs. Those with low responsiveness to clopidogrel have a higher risk of cardiac ischemic events. The goal of this study is to conduct a head-to-head comparison of the safety and effectiveness of intensified antiplatelet therapies (either double-dose clopidogrel [DOUBLE] or adjunctive cilostazol [TRIPLE]) and conventional strategy (STANDARD) in patients after percutaneous coronary intervention. METHODS: In this single-center, randomized, controlled trial, we used thromboelastography, a platelet function test, to select 1078 patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention at high thrombotic risk and compared the intensified antiplatelet therapies with standard antiplatelet therapy. The primary outcome was the incidence of major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events at 18 months after percutaneous coronary intervention, defined as a composite of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, target vessel revascularization, or stroke. Bleeding Academic Research Consortium defined bleeding complications (types 1, 2, 3, or 5) were the safety end points. RESULTS: The primary end point occurred in 52 patients (14.4%) in the STANDARD group, 38 patients (10.6%) in the DOUBLE group, and 30 patients (8.5%) in the TRIPLE group (hazard ratio, 0.720; 95% confidence interval, 0.474-1.094, DOUBLE versus STANDARD; hazard ratio, 0.550; 95% confidence interval, 0.349-0.866, TRIPLE versus STANDARD). No significant difference in the rates of major bleeding (Bleeding Academic Research Consortium grade≥3) was found in the DOUBLE group (3.34% versus 1.93% in STANDARD, P=0.133) and the TRIPLE group (2.53% versus 1.93% in STANDARD, P=0.240). The rate of Bleeding Academic Research Consortium-defined minor bleeding increased in the DOUBLE group (27.4% versus 20.3% in STANDARD, P=0.031), but not in the TRIPLE group (23.6% versus 20.3% in STANDARD, P=0.146). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with low responsiveness to clopidogrel, as measured by thromboelastography, the intensified antiplatelet strategies with adjunctive use of cilostazol significantly improved the clinical outcomes without increasing the risk of major bleeding. Decreased trend of negative outcomes could be observed in patients with double dosage of clopidogrel, but the difference was not significant. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT01779401.
Comparison of short-term clinical outcomes between low-dose prasugrel and clopidogrel as part of triple antithrombotic therapy in patients requiring oral anticoagulant therapy and percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND: Triple antithrombotic therapy, including dual antiplatelet therapy and oral anticoagulant (OAC), is recommended for a short-term period after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in patients requiring anticoagulation therapy. The purpose of this study was to compare in-hospital clinical outcomes between low-dose prasugrel (3.75 mg/day) and clopidogrel, as part of triple antithrombotic therapy, using a large database in Japan. METHODS: Patients with ischemic heart disease who underwent PCI between January 2015 and December 2019, and were prescribed triple therapy with aspirin, a P2Y12 inhibitor (clopidogrel or low-dose prasugrel), and OAC (direct oral anticoagulant: DOAC or vitamin K antagonist: VKA), were selected from the Diagnosis Procedure Combination database. The primary outcome was in-hospital mortality. The secondary outcomes were myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, bleeding stroke, gastrointestinal bleeding, and blood transfusion. RESULTS: Overall, 5,777 patients were eligible in this analysis. The patients were divided into 4 subgroups according to the type of P2Y12 inhibitor and OAC: clopidogrel/DOAC (n = 1,628), clopidogrel/VKA (n = 1,334), prasugrel/DOAC (n = 1,607), and prasugrel/VKA (n = 1,208). There was no significant difference in the incidence of death and gastrointestinal bleeding among the 4 subgroups. The prasugrel/DOAC group had significantly lower incidence of MI (OR 0.566, 95% CI 0.348-0.921). The incidence of ischemic stroke was significantly lower in the prasugrel/DOAC group (OR 0.701, 95% CI 0.502-0.979), and significantly higher in the clopidogrel/VKA group (OR 1.680, 95% CI 1.273-2.216). Need for blood transfusion was less frequent in the prasugrel/DOAC group (OR 0.729, 95% CI 0.598-0.890), and more frequent in both the clopidogrel/VKA group (OR 1.424, 95% CI 1.187-1.708) and the prasugrel/VKA group (OR 1.633, 95% CI 1.367-1.950). CONCLUSIONS: Combination of low-dose prasugrel and DOAC was associated with lower incidence of MI, ischemic stroke, and blood transfusion. Low-dose prasugrel may be feasible as part of triple therapy in patients undergoing PCI. FAU - Kitahara, Hideki
Next-Generation Sequencing of CYP2C19 in Stent Thrombosis: Implications for Clopidogrel Pharmacogenomics.$$$ PURPOSE: Describe CYP2C19 sequencing results in the largest series of clopidogrel-treated cases with stent thrombosis (ST), the closest clinical phenotype to clopidogrel resistance. Evaluate the impact of CYP2C19 genetic variation detected by next-generation sequencing (NGS) with comprehensive annotation and functional studies. METHODS: Seventy ST cases on clopidogrel identified from the PLATO trial (n = 58) and Mayo Clinic biorepository (n = 12) were matched 1:1 with controls for age, race, sex, diabetes mellitus, presentation, and stent type. NGS was performed to cover the entire CYP2C19 gene. Assessment of exonic variants involved measuring in vitro protein expression levels. Intronic variants were evaluated for potential splicing motif variations. RESULTS: Poor metabolizers (n = 4) and rare CYP2C19*8, CYP2C19*15, and CYP2C19*11 alleles were identified only in ST cases. CYP2C19*17 heterozygote carriers were observed more frequently in cases (n = 29) than controls (n = 18). Functional studies of CYP2C19 exonic variants (n = 11) revealed 3 cases and only 1 control carrying a deleterious variant as determined by in vitro protein expression studies. Greater intronic variation unique to ST cases (n = 169) compared with controls (n = 84) was observed with predictions revealing 13 allele candidates that may lead to a potential disruption of splicing and a loss-of-function effect of CYP2C19 in ST cases. CONCLUSION: NGS detected CYP2C19 poor metabolizers and paradoxically greater number of so-called rapid metabolizers in ST cases. Rare deleterious exonic variation occurs in 4%, and potentially disruptive intronic alleles occur in 16% of ST cases. Additional studies are required to evaluate the role of these variants in platelet aggregation and clopidogrel metabolism. FAU - Morales-Rosado, Joel A
Managing antithrombotic therapy in patients with both atrial fibrillation and coronary heart disease.$$$ PURPOSE: Atrial fibrillation (AF) and coronary heart disease (CHD) commonly occur together. Previous consensus guidelines were published before the wide availability of novel oral anticoagulants (NOACs) and newer P2Y12 antiplatelet agents. We examine recent evidence to guide management in 3 categories of patients with AF and CHD: patients with stable CHD, nonstented patients with recent acute coronary syndrome, and patients with a coronary stent requiring dual-antiplatelet therapy. METHODS: We conducted a literature search by evaluation of PubMed and other data sources including international meeting reports. We critically reviewed recent clinical trial and relevant registry evidence to update European and US consensus documents. FINDINGS: Oral anticoagulation with warfarin or NOACs is required to prevent embolic stroke in AF, and antiplatelet therapy is insufficient for this purpose. Antiplatelet therapy using monotherapy with aspirin is the standard of care in stable CHD. Dual-antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel or a new P2Y12 inhibitor (dual-antiplatelet therapy) is needed to reduce coronary events after an acute coronary syndrome or after percutaneous coronary intervention. Combinations of these agents increase the risk of bleeding, and limited clinical trial evidence suggests that withdrawal of aspirin may reduce bleeding without increasing coronary events. IMPLICATIONS: Available clinical trials and registries provide remarkably little evidence to guide difficult clinical decision making in patients with combined AF and CHD. In patients on triple antithrombotic therapy with vitamin K antagonists, aspirin, and clopidogrel, a single clinical trial indicates that withdrawal of aspirin may reduce bleeding risk without increasing the risk of coronary thrombosis. It is unclear whether this evidence applies to combinations of NOACs and newer P2Y12 inhibitors. Clinical trials of combinations of the newer antithrombotic agents are urgently needed to guide clinical care.
Proton pump inhibitors and the risk of severe adverse events - A cardiovascular bombshell?$$$ Proton pump inhibitors are currently one of the most prescribed pharmacological classes in developed countries, given their effectiveness and safety profile, which has until now been considered favorable. However, in recent years, several papers have been published that associate prolonged use of these drugs with a wide range of adverse effects, posing doubts about their safety. Among the adverse effects described is an increased risk of cardiovascular events. This relationship was first described in subjects after acute coronary syndrome due to the interference of proton pump inhibitors in the cytochrome P450 2C19 and the conversion of clopidogrel to its active metabolite. More recent studies have also reported this relationship with the use of antiplatelet agents that do not depend on cytochrome P450 2C19 activation. The proposed mechanism is inhibition of dimethylarginine dimethylaminohydrolase, a physiological inhibitor of asymmetric dimethylarginine, which increases plasma concentrations of the latter enzyme, leading to lower levels of nitric oxide. By reviewing in this article the relationship between the use of proton pump inhibitors and increased risk of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events, the authors aim to alert the medical community to the potentially harmful effects of these drugs, and recommend the setting of a moratorium on their prolonged use.
Ticagrelor Use in Acute Myocardial Infarction: Insights From the National Cardiovascular Data Registry. LID - 10.1161/JAHA.117.008125 [doi] LID - e008125$$$ BACKGROUND: Ticagrelor is a P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor with superior clinical efficacy compared with clopidogrel. However, it is associated with reduced efficacy when combined with a high-dose aspirin. METHODS AND RESULTS: Patients in the acute coronary treatment and intervention outcomes network (ACTION) Registry-Get With The Guidelines (GWTG) with acute myocardial infarction from October 2013 through December 2014 were included in the study (167 455 patients; 622 sites). We evaluated temporal trends in the prescription of P2Y(12) inhibitors, and identified factors associated with ticagrelor use at discharge. Among patients discharged on ticagrelor and aspirin (21 262 patients), we evaluated the temporal trends and independent factors associated with high-dose aspirin prescription at discharge. Ticagrelor prescription at discharge increased significantly from 12% to 16.7% (P<0.0001). Decreases in prasugrel and clopidogrel use at discharge (15.7%-13.9% and 54.2%-51.1%, respectively, P<0.0001) were also observed. Independent factors associated with preferential ticagrelor prescription at discharge over clopidogrel included younger age, white race, home ticagrelor use, invasive management, and in-hospital re-infarction and stroke (P<0.0001 for all), whereas older age, female sex, prior stroke, home ticagrelor use, and in-hospital stroke (P<0.0001 for all) were associated with preferential ticagrelor prescription at discharge over prasugrel. High-dose aspirin was used in 3.1% of patients discharged on ticagrelor. Independent factors associated with high-dose aspirin prescription at discharge included home aspirin use, diabetes mellitus, previous myocardial infarction, previous coronary artery bypass graft, ST-segment-elevation myocardial infarction, cardiogenic shock, and geographic region (P=0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Our contemporary analysis shows a modest but significant increase in the use of ticagrelor and a high rate of adherence to the use of low-dose aspirin at discharge.
Clinical safety profile of ticagrelor compared to clopidogrel in 1208 patients: Real world evidence.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Dual antiplatelet treatment is recommended by current clinical practice guidelines for patients undergoing PCI. The PLATO trial showed superiority of ticagrelor to clopidogrel in reducing the rate of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction and stroke without increase in the rate of overall major bleeding in ACS patients. However, real world evidence in Indian patients is limited. The objective of this study is to compare safety profile of ticagrelor with clopidogrel in real world settings. METHODOLOGY: In this single centered retrospective observational study, a total of 1208 serial patient records undergoing PCI (ACS and stable angina patients as well) treated with Ticagrelor or Clopidogrel were collected and analyzed to look into in hospital outcomes. We excluded the patient's data that were incomplete. RESULTS: In total of 1208 patients, 604 patients received ticagrelor and similarly 604 patient received clopidogrel. No significant differences in the rates of major life threatening bleeding and any major bleeding were observed between ticagrelor and clopidogrel group (0.2% (n = 1) vs. 0.7% (n = 4), p = 0.18 and 2.8% (n = 17) vs. 3% (n = 18), p = 0.86 respectively). There was increase in minor bleeding rate with ticagrelor compared to clopidogrel (21.4% & 13.6%, p = 0.00). CONCLUSION: In the real world settings, patients undergoing PCI treated with ticagrelor showed similar safety profile compared to clopidogrel but with increase in minor bleeding rate. The observed results were in alignment with PLATO clinical trial. FAU - Kumar, Viveka
Real-World Data on Potent P2Y12 Inhibition in Patients with Suspected Chronic Coronary Syndrome, Referred for Coronary Angiography.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Potential benefit with potent platelet inhibition in patients with chronic coronary syndrome (CCS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) has been discussed. The aim of this study was to compare a potent P2Y12 inhibition strategy using ticagrelor with clopidogrel in CCS patients referred for coronary angiography (CA) and PCI if feasible. METHODS: In this retrospective real-world study, patients referred for outpatient CA due to suspected CCS were included. To adjust for group differences, a propensity score reflecting the probability of being treated with ticagrelor was calculated and added to the logistic regression outcome model. RESULTS: In total, 1,003 patients were included in the primary analysis (577 treated with clopidogrel and 426 with ticagrelor). Among clopidogrel-treated patients, 132 (22.9%) experienced a bleeding complication compared with 93 (21.8%) among ticagrelor-treated patients, with no significant difference between the groups (p = 0.70). There was no difference in bleeding severity. Furthermore, we observed no statistically significant difference in major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE [death, stent thrombosis, myocardial infarction, or stroke]) (1.2% vs. 2.3%, p = 0.17). A subgroup analysis restricted to patients undergoing PCI ad hoc displayed a similar pattern. Also, patients undergoing CA without PCI ad hoc frequently experienced a bleeding complication, with no difference between the two treatments (21.0% vs. 17.3%, p = 0.27). Propensity score adjusted analyses confirmed the results. DISCUSSION: In patients with CCS referred for CA and PCI if feasible, a more potent P2Y12 inhibition strategy with ticagrelor was not associated with bleeding complications or MACE compared with clopidogrel.
[Prominent features of management strategies in acute coronary syndromes with the new oral antiplatelet agents].$$$ The novel oral P2Y12 inhibitors (prasugrel and ticagrelor) have been incorporated into the recently updated acute coronary syndrome (ACS) guidelines, as an adjunct antiplatelet treatment to aspirin. The studies involving the use of new oral antiplatelet agents that are more potent, predictable and faster platelet inhibitors than clopidogrel have demonstrated superiority with respect to the primary composite endpoint (cardiovascular death, non-lethal myocardial infarction, stroke) for both prasugrel and ticagrelor compared to clopidogrel. The subgroup analysis of the relevant studies showed that these new agents differ in their level of efficacy in different ACS patient subgroups: (1) Mortality was reduced with ticagrelor; (2) Ticagrelor is especially more effective in intermediate-and high-risk non-ST elevation ACS patients in whom early invasive strategy is selected; (3) Prasugrel should be especially preferred in patients with acute ST elevation myocardial infarction undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) after diagnostic angiography; and (4) Prasugrel is more effective in diabetic patients. While clopidogrel is recommended for ACS patients who are followed with a non-invasive strategy or who have not undergone percutaneous revascularization, it is the last line choice or an alternative to the P2Y12 inhibitor therapy for patients undergoing invasive strategy. FAU - Enar, Rasim
Efficacy of cilostazol-based dual antiplatelet treatment in patients undergoing carotid artery stenting.$$$ BACKGROUND: It is essential that patients undergoing carotid artery stenting (CAS) receive optimal antiplatelet inhibition. Although a reduction in platelet reactivity and improved clinical outcomes occur when using adjunctive cilostazol with dual antiplatelet therapy, this can lead to an increased risk of hemorrhagic complications. Therefore, our current study examined patients undergoing CAS and evaluated the impact of cilostazol-based dual antiplatelet treatment on the outcomes. METHODS: Between 2010 and 2015, 137 consecutive patients underwent CAS. From 2010 to 2011 (period 1), 28 patients underwent CAS in conjunction with aspirin and clopidogrel dual antiplatelet treatment (DAPT). From 2010 to 2013 (period 2), 44 patients underwent a preoperative assessment of their platelet function, with the clopidogrel-resistant patients receiving adjunctive cilostazol in addition to the aspirin and clopidogrel. From 2013 to 2015 (period 3), 65 patients underwent CAS in conjunction with cilostazol and clopidogrel treatment. In all patients, the incidence of new ipsilateral ischemic lesions observed by diffusion-weighted imaging on the day after CAS, and ischemic or hemorrhagic events occurring within 30 days were assessed. RESULTS: Clopidogrel resistance was identified in 43% of the patients in period 1, in 16% in period 2, and in 5% in period 3 (P < 0.001). The on-treatment platelet reactivity results indicated that the PRU value during cilostazol-based DAPT was significantly lower than that observed for the standard DAPT (P < 0.05). New ipsilateral ischemic lesions decreased by 9% and 8% in periods 2 and 3, respectively, versus a 25% decrease in period 1 (P = 0.047). However, there were no significant differences noted for any of the hemorrhagic or thromboembolic events. CONCLUSIONS: Compared to the standard aspirin and clopidogrel dual antiplatelet therapy, cilostazol-based dual antiplatelet treatment reduces the rate of clopidogrel resistance and suppresses new ischemic lesions without hemorrhagic complications. FAU - Nakagawa, Ichiro
Safety outcomes of ticagrelor among patients with STE-ACS post streptokinase therapy-a retrospective observational study.$$$ From the restriction of access to primary percutaneous coronary intervention, about 46% of patients with ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome (STE-ACS) received fibrinolytic therapy as a reperfusion strategy; streptokinase is frequently used in Thailand. Despite the guidelines recommending potent P2Y12 inhibitors among these patients, the data are limited, especially among patients with STE-ACS post streptokinase therapy. The study was proposed to describe factors for P2Y12 inhibitors selection and evaluate outcomes of pharmacoinvasively treated STE-ACS receiving ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel in Thailand. We performed a retrospective observational study of patients with STE-ACS post streptokinase therapy followed by percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with coronary stent placement and receiving ticagrelor or clopidogrel as P2Y12 inhibitor treatment from January 2017 to June 2021. The primary outcomes described factors for P2Y12 inhibitor selection and evaluated safety outcomes with inverse probability weight (IPW) adjustment. The secondary outcome was a composite of all-cause death, myocardial infarction and stroke. The median time from streptokinase therapy to initiating ticagrelor in the switch group was 25.7 (IQR, 1.9-4.4) hours. The factors related to switching from clopidogrel to ticagrelor included young age, history of coronary artery disease (CAD), dose of streptokinase and use of intravascular imaging. Any bleeding events occurred among 83 patients (41.71%) in the switch group and 83 patients (41.09%) in the no switch group (adjusted HR 1.04, 95% CI 0.75-1.44; p = 0.826). The composite of efficacy outcomes occurred in 6 patients in the switch group (3.02%) and 12 patients (5.94%) in the no switch group (adjusted HR 0.57, 95% CI 0.21-1.57; p = 0.279). Conclusion: In real practice, ticagrelor switching among patients with STE-ACS post streptokinase therapy did not differ regarding safety outcomes and composite of efficacy outcomes compared with clopidogrel.
P2Y(12) inhibition by clopidogrel increases adverse clinical events after transcatheter aortic valve replacement.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) has been proposed to explain the increased occurrence of bleeding events after transcatheter aortic valve replacement (TAVR) despite no relevant study exploring the extent of platelet inhibition. In the present study, we sought to assess whether P2Y(12) inhibition by clopidogrel impacts clinical outcomes in TAVR patients. METHODS: Patients were enrolled in a prospective registry at Nouvel Hôpital Civil, Strasbourg, France between February 2010 and May 2019. Vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) flow cytometry test was assessed 24 h after the procedure. Responder to clopidogrel was defined by a platelet reactivity index ≤50%. The primary endpoint was 90-day major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCE), including all-cause death, myocardial infarction, stroke, and heart failure hospitalization. RESULTS: Of the 828 patients with available VASP monitoring, 491 TAVR patients received preprocedural clopidogrel therapy. Responders were identified in 22% (n = 110) and low responders in 78% (n = 381) of patients. By multivariate Cox regression analysis, responders to clopidogrel (hazard ratio [HR]: 2.09; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.13 to 3.79: p = 0.02) and previous PCI (HR: 2.16; 95% CI: 1.02 to 4.68; p = 0.04) were identified as independent predictors of 90-day MACCE. The cumulative event-free survival rate at 90-day was significantly lower in the responder group (p = 0.008; log rank test). CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, appropriate P2Y(12) inhibition by clopidogrel is a major determinant of MACCE at 90 days after TAVR. The present data challenge DAPT as a standard therapy during TAVR.
Lack of evidence of a clopidogrel-statin interaction in the CHARISMA trial.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the potential impact of clopidogrel and statin interaction in a randomized, placebo-controlled trial with long-term follow-up. BACKGROUND: There are conflicting data regarding whether statins predominantly metabolized by CYP3A4 reduce the metabolism of clopidogrel to its active metabolite and diminish its clinical efficacy. METHODS: The CHARISMA trial was a randomized trial comparing long-term 75 mg/day clopidogrel versus placebo in patients with cardiovascular disease or multiple risk factors on aspirin. The primary end point was a composite of myocardial infarction, stroke, or cardiovascular death at median follow-up of 28 months. We performed a secondary analysis evaluating the interaction of clopidogrel versus placebo with statin administration, categorizing baseline statin use to those predominantly CYP3A4 metabolized (atorvastatin, lovastatin, simvastatin; CYP3A4-MET) or others (pravastatin, fluvastatin; non-CYP3A4-MET). RESULTS: Of 15,603 patients enrolled, 10,078 received a statin at baseline (8,245 CYP3A4-MET, 1,748 non-CYP3A4-MET) and 5,496 did not. For the overall population, the primary end point was 6.8% with clopidogrel and 7.3% with placebo (hazard ratio [HR] 0.93; p = 0.22). This was similar among patients on CYP3A4-MET (5.9% clopidogrel, 6.6% placebo, HR 0.89; p = 0.18) or non-CYP3A4-MET statin (5.7% clopidogrel, 7.2% placebo, HR 0.78; p = 0.19). There was no interaction between statin types and randomized treatment (p = 0.69). Patients on atorvastatin (n = 4,127) (5.7% clopidogrel, 7.1% placebo, HR 0.80; p = 0.06) or pravastatin (n = 1,440) (5.1% clopidogrel, 7.0% placebo, HR 0.72; p = 0.13) had similar event rates. CONCLUSIONS: Despite theoretic concerns and ex vivo testing suggesting a potential negative interaction with concomitant clopidogrel and CYP3A4-MET statin administration, there was no evidence of an interaction clinically in a large placebo-controlled trial with long-term follow-up. FAU - Saw, Jacqueline
Inhibitory interaction between calcium channel blocker and clopidogrel. -Efficacy of cilostazol to overcome it-.$$$ BACKGROUND: The clinical effect of, and additive measures to overcome the possible inhibitory calcium channel blocker (CCB)-clopidogrel interaction in Asian patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention is unknown. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 900 Korean patients enrolled for the multicenter, prospective, randomized Influence of CILostazol-based triple antiplatelet therapy ON ischemic complication after drug-eluting stenT implantation (CILON-T) trial were divided into 4 groups depending on CCB prescription and type of anti-platelet therapy (dual [DAT] vs. triple [TAT; addition of cilostazol to DAT]) in a 2 × 2 factorial manner. The primary endpoint was a composite of cardiac death, non-fatal myocardial infarction and ischemic stroke at 6 months after PCI. On-treatment platelet reactivity (OPR) was assessed on VerifyNow P2Y12 assay. Concomitant CCB use increased OPR in the DAT group (mean ± SEM: 251.2 ± 7.6 vs. 225.6 ± 5.1; P=0.008), but not in the TAT group (214.5±9.1 vs. 203.4 ± 5.6; P=0.294). Primary endpoint increased by use of CCB in patients with DAT (4.9% vs. 0.9%, P=0.016), but not in those with TAT (0% vs. 1.8%, P=0.346). Addition of cilostazol to DAT reduced OPR and clinical events in patients taking CCB (P=0.007 for P2Y12 reaction units; P=0.027 for thrombotic events). CCB without concomitant cilostazol use was a significant predictor of total thrombotic events. CONCLUSIONS: Concomitant use of CCB may weaken the anti-platelet effect of clopidogrel and increase subsequent thrombotic events in Asian subjects. This hazardous CCB-clopidogrel interaction may be overcome by addition of cilostazol. FAU - Lee, Seung-Pyo
High versus standard clopidogrel loading in patients undergoing carotid artery stenting prior to cardiac surgery to assess the number of microemboli detected with transcranial Doppler: results of the randomized IMPACT trial.$$$ AIM: The aim of this study was to compare the effects of 300 mg or 600 mg clopidogrel loading dose, prior to carotid artery stenting (CAS) on the number of transcranial Doppler (TCD)-detected microembolic signals (MES) and to investigate the relationship between the magnitude of platelet reactivity and MES. METHODS: In this prospective randomized, double-blind study, 35 consecutive asymptomatic patients (17.1% females), scheduled for CAS and cardiac surgery were included. The primary endpoint was the number of TCD-detected MES. The secondary endpoints were the absolute magnitude of on-treatment platelet reactivity and the adverse cerebral events. Negative binomial regression to find predictors for sum of single emboli, the student's t-test to assess the association between platelet function tests and randomized dose of 300 mg or 600 mg clopidogrel, and the R2 calculation for the assessment of the association between platelet function tests and embolic load, were used. RESULTS: No statistically significant difference in the number of TCD-detected MES, in the sum of all the single emboli or showers and platelet aggregation measurements between the two groups was observed (aggregometry: 21.7±18.3 versus 23±18%, P=0.8499 and 45.8±17.5 versus 46.5±14.5%, P=0.9003) (verifyNow P2Y12 assay: 231±93 PRU versus 222±86 PRU, P=0.7704). In one patient a transient ischemic attack occurred. CONCLUSION: A loading dose of 300 mg of clopidogrel in combination with aspirin is as effective as 600 mg of clopidogrel in achieving adequate platelet inhibition and preventing periprocedural events in asymptomatic patients undergoing CAS prior to cardiac surgery. FAU - Van Der Heyden, J
Efficacy and safety of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in acute coronary syndrome in Taiwan: A multicenter retrospective pilot study.$$$ BACKGROUND: The efficacy and safety of ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel in acute coronary syndrome has not previously been evaluated in an Eastern Asian population, which is recognized to have a different response to P2Y12 antagonists compared with the Caucasian population in real-life situations. METHODS: A multicenter retrospective pilot study was performed to evaluate 928 consecutive patients with acute coronary syndrome, receiving aspirin and one P2Y12 antagonist (324 ticagrelor or 604 clopidogrel). Using propensity score matching, 448 patients were selected and divided into two equal groups. Kaplan-Meier analysis was used to study patient survival and event-free status using the log-rank test. Independent covariates were identified using univariate in a multivariate Cox proportional hazard model. RESULTS: In the overall cohort, significant differences were observed for certain variables between the two groups. During the mean 164.3 (±116.4)-day follow-up in the overall cohort, ticagrelor treatment had no significant effect on the primary efficacy endpoint (myocardial infarction, stroke, or vascular death); however, in the matched cohort, ticagrelor showed a lower incidence of primary endpoint (hazard ratio: 0.56; 95% confidence interval: 0.30-1.04; p = 0.07) and stroke (hazard ratio: 0.15; 95% confidence interval: 0.02-1.24; p = 0.08) with marginal statistical significance, and a similar bleeding rate. The protective effect of ticagrelor treatment was consistent for all subgroups. More patients treated with ticagrelor experienced dyspnea (21.0% vs. 11.6%, p = 0.007), and P2Y12 antagonist treatment was consequently discontinued. CONCLUSION: Ticagrelor treatment could provide a marginally favorable effect at the expense of an increased risk of dyspnea in real-life situations. This pilot study provides a scientific basis to call for a larger, suitably powered Phase 4 prospective or observational study in this ethnic population.
Ticagrelor - toward more efficient platelet inhibition and beyond.$$$ Novel antiplatelet drugs, including ticagrelor, are being successively introduced into the therapy of atherothrombotic conditions due to their superiority over a standard combination of clopidogrel with acetylsalicylic acid in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). A P2Y12 receptor antagonist, ticagrelor, is unique among antiplatelet drugs, because ticagrelor inhibits the platelet P2Y12 receptor in a reversible manner, and because it demonstrates a wide palette of advantageous pleiotropic effects associated with the increased concentration of adenosine. The pleiotropic effects of ticagrelor comprise cardioprotection, restoration of the myocardium after an ischemic event, promotion of the release of anticoagulative factors and, eventually, anti-inflammatory effects. Beyond the advantageous effects, the increased concentration of adenosine is responsible for some of ticagrelor's adverse effects, including dyspnea and bradycardia. Large-scale clinical trials demonstrated that both standard 12-month therapy and long-term use of ticagrelor reduce the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with ACS, but at the expense of a higher risk of major bleeding. Further trials focused on the use of ticagrelor in conditions other than ACS, including ischemic stroke, peripheral artery disease and status after coronary artery bypass grafting. The results of these trials suggest comparable efficacy and safety of ticagrelor and clopidogrel in extra-coronary indications, but firm conclusions are anticipated from currently ongoing studies. Here, we summarize current evidence on the superiority of ticagrelor over other P2Y12 antagonists in ACS, discuss the mechanism underlying the drug-drug interactions and pleiotropic effects of ticagrelor, and present future perspectives of non-coronary indications for ticagrelor. FAU - Kubisa, Michał J
Effect of P2Y12 Inhibitor Monotherapy vs Dual Antiplatelet Therapy on Cardiovascular Events in Patients Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: The SMART-CHOICE Randomized Clinical Trial.$$$ IMPORTANCE: Data on P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy after short-duration dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention are limited. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy after 3 months of DAPT is noninferior to 12 months of DAPT in patients undergoing PCI. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: The SMART-CHOICE trial was an open-label, noninferiority, randomized study that was conducted in 33 hospitals in Korea and included 2993 patients undergoing PCI with drug-eluting stents. Enrollment began March 18, 2014, and follow-up was completed July 19, 2018. INTERVENTIONS: Patients were randomly assigned to receive aspirin plus a P2Y12 inhibitor for 3 months and thereafter P2Y12 inhibitor alone (n = 1495) or DAPT for 12 months (n = 1498). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary end point was major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (a composite of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, or stroke) at 12 months after the index procedure. Secondary end points included the components of the primary end point and bleeding defined as Bleeding Academic Research Consortium type 2 to 5. The noninferiority margin was 1.8%. RESULTS: Among 2993 patients who were randomized (mean age, 64 years; 795 women [26.6%]), 2912 (97.3%) completed the trial. Adherence to the study protocol was 79.3% of the P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy group and 95.2% of the DAPT group. At 12 months, major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events occurred in 42 patients in the P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy group and in 36 patients in the DAPT group (2.9% vs 2.5%; difference, 0.4% [1-sided 95% CI, -∞% to 1.3%]; P = .007 for noninferiority). There were no significant differences in all-cause death (21 [1.4%] vs 18 [1.2%]; hazard ratio [HR], 1.18; 95% CI, 0.63-2.21; P = .61), myocardial infarction (11 [0.8%] vs 17 [1.2%]; HR, 0.66; 95% CI, 0.31-1.40; P = .28), or stroke (11 [0.8%] vs 5 [0.3%]; HR, 2.23; 95% CI, 0.78-6.43; P = .14) between the 2 groups. The rate of bleeding was significantly lower in the P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy group than in the DAPT group (2.0% vs 3.4%; HR, 0.58; 95% CI, 0.36-0.92; P = .02). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Among patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention, P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy after 3 months of DAPT compared with prolonged DAPT resulted in noninferior rates of major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events. Because of limitations in the study population and adherence, further research is needed in other populations. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02079194. FAU - Hahn, Joo-Yong
Thieno[2,3-b]pyridine derivatives are potent anti-platelet drugs, inhibiting platelet activation, aggregation and showing synergy with aspirin.$$$ Drugs which inhibit platelet function are commonly used to prevent blood clot formation in patients with Acute Coronary Syndromes (ACS) or those at risk of stroke. The thieno[3,2-c]pyridine class of therapeutic agents, of which clopidogrel is the most commonly used, target the P2Y(12) receptor, and are often used in combination with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA). Six thieno[2,3-b]pyridine were assessed for in vitro anti-platelet activity; all derivatives showed effects on both platelet activation and aggregation, and showed synergy with ASA. Some compounds demonstrated greater activity when compared to clopidogrel. These compounds, therefore, represent potential novel P2Y(12) inhibitors for improved treatment for patients.
Platelet Endothelial Aggregation Receptor 1 Polymorphism Is Associated With Functional Outcome in Small-Artery Occlusion Stroke Patients Treated With Aspirin.$$$ Background: The role of genetic polymorphisms is important in defining the patient's prognosis and outcomes in coronary artery disease. The present study aimed to explore the association between platelet endothelial aggregation receptor 1 (PEAR1) rs12041331 polymorphism and the outcomes in patients with acute ischemic stroke treated with aspirin or dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with clopidogrel. Methods: A total of 868 ischemic stroke patients admitted to our hospital from January 1, 2016 to December 30, 2018 were retrospectively studied. The Trial of Org 10172 in Acute Stroke Treatment (TOAST) classification defined stroke subtypes. These patients were treated with aspirin alone or DAPT. The genotype distribution of PEAR1 rs12041331 single-nucleotide polymorphism (AA, AC, and CC) between different TOAST subtypes and treatment groups was assessed, and the clinical impact of genetic variants on functional outcomes defined by the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale, modified Rankin Scale, and Barthel Index was analyzed using univariate and multivariate logistic regression models. Results: Among the 868 stroke patients, the PEAR1 AA genotype was 16%, GA was 47%, and GG was 36%. Forty-four percent had aspirin alone, and 56% had DAPT. Overall, the distribution of PEAR single-nucleotide polymorphism was not significant among the two treatment groups or subtypes of TOAST. In contrast, in patients treated with aspirin alone, PEAR1 AA tended to be higher in the small-artery occlusion (SAO) subtype when compared with the no-lacunar subtype, including cardioembolism and large-artery atherosclerosis. PEAR1 AA genotype was significantly associated with favorable functional outcomes at day 7 and discharge only in SAO patients treated with aspirin alone compared with the GG genotype. Multivariate regression models further suggested that AA genotype was independently associated with favorable outcomes in this group after being adjusted for three common stroke risk factors such as age, hypertension history, and C-reactive protein level [odds ratio (OR) 0.23, 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.07-0.64, P = 0.02 for 7-day National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale; OR 0.2, 95% CI, 0.06-0.66, P = 0.03 for 7-day modified Rankin Scale, and OR 0.25, 95% CI, 0.08-0.72, P = 0.03 for 7-day Barthel Index, respectively]. Conclusion: The impact of PEAR1 rs12041331 polymorphism on aspirin depends on the TOAST subtype. PEAR1 AA carrier with SAO stroke is most sensitive to aspirin therapy. PEAR1 AA is an independent factor for the short-term functional outcomes in SAO patients treated with aspirin alone. Clinical Registration Number: 1800019911.
P2Y(12) inhibitors with oral anticoagulation for percutaneous coronary intervention with atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the safety and efficacy of third-generation P2Y(12) inhibitors versus clopidogrel in combination with oral anticoagulation (OAC) with or without aspirin in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS: We performed a systematic review including both prospective and retrospective studies that compared dual and triple antithrombotic regimens for bleeding and major adverse cardiac events (MACE) in patients with AF undergoing PCI. We analysed rates of bleeding and MACE by P2Y(12) inhibitor choice. Risk ratio (RR) 95% CIs were measured using the Mantel-Haenszel method. Where study heterogeneity was low (I(2) <25%), we used the fixed effects model, otherwise the random effects model was used. RESULTS: A total of 22 014 patients were analysed from the seven studies included. Among patients treated with both OAC and P2Y(12) inhibitor with or without aspirin, 90% (n=9708) were treated with clopidogrel, 8% (n=830) with ticagrelor, and 2% (n=191) with prasugrel. When compared with clopidogrel, use of ticagrelor (RR 1.36; 95% CI 1.18 to 1.57) and prasugrel (RR 2.11; 95% CI 1.34 to 3.30) were associated with increased rates of bleeding. Compared with clopidogrel, there were no significant differences in rates of MACE with ticagrelor (RR 1.03; 95% CI 0.65 to 1.62) or prasugrel (RR 1.49; 95% CI 0.69 to 3.24). CONCLUSION: Based on this meta-analysis, the use of clopidogrel is associated with a lower rate of bleeding compared with ticagrelor or prasugrel in patients with AF on OAC undergoing PCI.
Efficacy and Safety of Ticagrelor in Comparison to Clopidogrel in Elderly Patients With ST-Segment-Elevation Myocardial Infarctions.$$$ Background Current guidelines recommend the new-generation P2Y12-inhibitor ticagrelor for patients with acute ST-segment-elevation myocardial infarctions (STEMIs). The aim of the present study was to assess efficacy and safety of ticagrelor for elderly patients with STEMI (≥75 years) in an all-comers STEMI registry. Methods and Results Patients with STEMI, aged ≥75 years, treated with primary percutaneous coronary intervention and documented in the Bremen STEMI Registry between 2006 and 2017 entered analysis. The primary efficacy outcome, major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events, was defined as a composite of death, myocardial reinfarction, and stroke. The safety outcome was defined as any significant bleeding event within 1 year. To estimate benefit/risk ratio, net adverse clinical events (major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events+bleedings) were calculated. Outcomes were estimated in propensity score-matched cohorts to adjust for possible confounders. Of a total of 7466 patients with STEMI, 1087, aged ≥75 years, were selected, of which 552 (51%) received clopidogrel and 535 (49%) received ticagrelor, with similar age (80.9±4.6 versus 80.9±4.6 years) and sex (51% versus 50% female) distributions between treatment arms. The primary efficacy outcome occurred in 32.4% of patients treated with clopidogrel versus 25.5% treated with ticagrelor (P=0.015), with the 1-year mortality rate at 26.8% versus 21.1% (P=0.035). Because there was no difference in the safety outcome (clopidogrel versus ticagrelor, 4.9% versus 5.1%; not significant), net adverse clinical events were higher for clopidogrel than for ticagrelor: 37.3% versus 30.6% (P=0.028). In a propensity score-matched model, the advantage for ticagrelor on major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events remained significant (hazard ratio, 0.69; 95% CI, 0.49-0.97; P=0.03), whereas 1-year-mortality (hazard ratio, 0.89; 95% CI, 0.67-1.27; P=0.5) and 1-year bleeding events (hazard ratio, 1.1; 95% CI, 0.4-2.3; P=0.8) did not differ. Conclusions These results from propensity score-matched registry data show that for elderly patients with STEMI, ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel was associated with a reduction in major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events without a significant increase in bleeding events within 1 year. FAU - Schmucker, Johannes
Efficacy and Safety of Ticagrelor in Diabetes Patients Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.$$$ Dual antiplatelet treatment, consisting of aspirin and P2Y12 inhibitors, is essential for diabetes mellitus (DM) patients who have undergone percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). This meta-analysis investigated whether ticagrelor, a novel P2Y12 inhibitor, was superior to clopidogrel and prasugrel in efficacy and safety for DM patients undergoing PCI. PubMed, the Cochrane Library and Google Scholar were searched for randomized controlled trials in which ticagrelor was administered. Eligible studies were independently scrutinized to extract data and assess the trials' quality. Statistical analysis was performed by calculating odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). A total of 8 studies consisting of 1056 patients were included. Results showed that ticagrelor reduced the major adverse cardiac events incidence compared with clopidogrel and prasugrel in the overall (OR = 0.40; 95% CI, 0.20-0.79; P = 0.008) and subgroup analyses compared with clopidogrel (OR = 0.39; 95% CI, 0.19-0.80; P = 0.01). No difference was observed in mortality rates (OR = 0.58; 95% CI, 0.23-1.45; P = 0.25), myocardial infarction (OR = 0.67; 95% CI, 0.28-1.60; P = 0.37), stroke (OR = 0.54; 95% CI, 0.10-3.01; P = 0.49), and total bleeding (OR = 1.70; 95% CI, 0.91-3.17; P = 0.10) between the ticagrelor and control groups. In DM patients undergoing PCI, ticagrelor significantly reduced major adverse cardiac events compared with clopidogrel and prasugrel in the overall and in the subgroup of clopidogrel. There was no difference regarding mortality, myocardial infarction, stroke, and bleeding. More randomized controlled trials are required to further validate these results.
Effect of clopidogrel in bone healing-experimental study in rabbits.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel is a widely prescribed drug for prevention of myocardial infarction and stroke in patients at risk. It inhibits thrombus formation via inhibition of the P2Y(12) purinergic receptor on platelets, which is important in their activation by ADP. However, the P2Y(12) receptor has also been found to be expressed in both osteoblasts and osteoclasts. Accumulated evidence suggests that purinergic receptors regulate important functions of bone turnover. Previous studies on the effect of clopidogrel on bone metabolism indicated potential harmful effects, but their results remain conflicting. Thus, clopidogrel treatment may affect bone healing, but it has not yet been studied. AIM: To evaluate if continuous perioperative clopidogrel treatment has any negative effect on bone healing in the rabbit calvarial defect model. METHODS: Sixteen male white New Zealand rabbits were randomly assigned in two groups: One group received daily 3 mg/kg of clopidogrel per os and the other group received the vehicle alone for a week prior to the surgical procedures; the treatments were continued for another 6 wk postoperatively. The surgical procedures included generation of two circular calvarial defects 11 mm in diameter in every animal. After the 6-wk period of healing, postmortem radiographic and histomorphometric evaluation of the defects was performed. RESULTS: Both the surgical procedures and the postoperative period were uneventful and well tolerated by all the animals, without any surgical wound dehiscence, signs of infection or other complication. New bone was formed either inwards from the defect margins or in the central portion of the defect as separated bony islets. While defect healing was still incomplete in both groups, the clopidogrel group had significantly improved radiographic healing scores. Moreover, the histomorphometric analysis showed that bone regeneration (%) was 28.07 ± 7.7 for the clopidogrel group and 19.47 ± 4.9 for the control group, showing a statistically significant difference between them (P = 0.018). Statistically significant difference was also found in the defect bridging (%), i.e. 72.17 ± 21.2 for the clopidogrel group and 41.17 ± 8.5 for the control group, respectively (P = 0.004), whereas there was no statistical difference in bone tissue density between the groups. CONCLUSION: Our results indicate that maintenance of perioperative clopidogrel treatment does not negatively affect bone healing but rather promotes it. Further research is needed in order to find useful applications of this finding.
Efficacy of clopidogrel and ticagrelor under NT-proBNP in hospitalized ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome patients on percutaneous coronary intervention: CCC-ACS Project Analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Risk stratification with specific biomarkers is proposed for tailored P2Y12 inhibitor therapy in patients with STEMI. METHODS: This nationwide registry and quality improvement study is from November 1, 2014, to June 30, 2017. In total, 11,512 STEMI patients received aspirin and P2Y12 receptor inhibitor (clopidogrel or ticagrelor) and underwent PCIs in hospitals. Of the patients, 2992 were prescribed ticagrelor and 8520 clopidogrel. The primary effectiveness outcome was major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCE: cardiac death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, in-hospital ischemic stroke). The primary safety outcome was in-hospital major bleeding. RESULTS: MACCE incidence was lower in the ticagrelor group than in the clopidogrel group (0.8% versus 1.2%; P=0.046), but under different NT-proBNP levels, cumulative hazards of MACCE were without statistical significance. Bleeding rates were higher in the ticagrelor group than in the clopidogrel group (all bleeding: 9.9% versus 6.9%, P<0.001; major bleeding: 4.0% versus 2.7%, P<0.001). The higher cumulative hazard of bleeding could be identified in the Kaplan-Meier curves. In the multivariate analysis, ticagrelor increased bleeding events, compared with clopidogrel, at NT-proBNP >1800 ng/L patients (all bleeding: HR 1.46; 95%CI, 1.07-2.01; major bleeding: HR 1.68, 95%CI, 1.03-2.74), but a low effect was found in those with lower NT-proBNP level. Subgroup analyses show that ticagrelor increased major bleeding in patients with left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) <0.50 (HR 3.29; 95% CI 1.61-6.74) (interaction p=0.03). CONCLUSION: We found that ticagrelor, compared with clopidogrel, increased bleeding complications in hospitalized patients with NT-proBNP>1800 ng/L, especially in patients with EF < 0.50.
Estimation of adverse events associated with P2Y12 receptor inhibitors stratified by academic research consortium for high bleeding risk criteria in acute coronary syndrome.$$$ BACKGROUND: The usefulness of the Academic Research Consortium for High Bleeding Risk (ARC-HBR) criteria in the selection of P2Y12 receptor inhibitors for acute coronary syndrome is unknown. This study investigated whether the selection of antiplatelet agents according to the ARC-HBR criteria could improve clinical outcomes. METHODS: This multicenter retrospective study included 1261 patients with acute coronary syndrome who received dual antiplatelet therapy, namely clopidogrel (75 mg, n = 529) or prasugrel (3.75 mg, n = 732) in addition to aspirin. The primary endpoint was net adverse clinical events (NACE) after hospital admission, including ischemic (death, myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke) and bleeding events (Bleeding Academic Research Consortium 3 or 5). Secondary outcomes were ischemic and bleeding events. For each patient, the observation period was defined as the duration of dual antiplatelet therapy after admission. RESULTS: During the observation period (average: 313 days), the rate of NACE was lower in the prasugrel group than the clopidogrel group (20.6% vs. 12.6%, respectively, P < 0.01). In patients who satisfied or did not satisfy the ARC-HBR criteria, prasugrel was associated with a 3.7% and 2.1% lower incidence of NACE, respectively, versus clopidogrel. Ischemic and bleeding events were less frequent in the prasugrel group than the clopidogrel group (11.5% vs. 7.9%, respectively, P = 0.03; 10.6% vs. 5.2%, respectively, P < 0.01). The estimated incidence models for NACE suggested that the difference between clopidogrel and prasugrel was greater in patients who satisfied the ARC-HBR criteria than in those who did not. CONCLUSIONS: Prasugrel is preferable to clopidogrel regardless of the ARC-HBR.
Differential Impact of Clinical Factors for Predicting High Platelet Reactivity on Clinical Outcomes in Acute Myocardial Infarction Patients Treated With Clopidogrel and Prasugrel.$$$ AIMS: Several scoring systems, including the ABCD-GENE and HHD-GENE scores incorporating clinical and genetic factors, have been developed to identify patients likely to have high platelet reactivity on P2Y12 inhibitors, leading to increased risks of ischemic events. However, genetic testing is not widely available in daily practice. We aimed to evaluate the differential impact of clinical factors in the scores on ischemic outcomes in patients treated with clopidogrel and prasugrel. METHODS: This bi-center registry included 789 patients with acute myocardial infarction (MI) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention and treated with either clopidogrel or prasugrel at discharge. The relations of the number of clinical factors included in the ABCD-GENE (age ≥ 75 years, body mass index ＞30 kg/m(2), chronic kidney disease, and diabetes) and HHD-GENE (hypertension, hemodialysis, and diabetes) scores to the primary endpoint of major cardiovascular events after discharge, a composite of death, recurrent MI, and ischemic stroke, were evaluated. RESULTS: The number of clinical factors in the ABCD-GENE score was not predictive of ischemic outcomes after discharge in patients treated with clopidogrel and/or prasugrel, while the increase in the number of clinical factors of the HHD-GENE score was associated with an increased risk of the primary endpoint in a stepwise manner in patients on a P2Y12 inhibitor. CONCLUSIONS: Clinical factors listed in the HHD-GENE score may help stratify ischemic risks in patients with acute MI treated with clopidogrel and prasugrel, whereas risk stratification without genetic testing in patients treated with clopidogrel may be challenging. FAU - Goto, Hiroki
Antiplatelet drug resistance and drug-drug interactions: Role of cytochrome P450 3A4.$$$ Antiplatelet therapy provided pivotal advances in the treatment of cardiovascular disease. Aspirin and thienopyridine, clopidogrel, is currently the treatment of choice in acute coronary syndromes and the prevention of thrombosis after coronary stent implantation. Despite the efficacy of this dual antiplatelet therapy in reduction of adverse coronary events in patients with acute coronary syndromes, complications persist in a subgroup of these patients. Emerging causes of aspirin and clopidogrel resistance may translate to increase risk for recurrent myocardial infarction, stroke, or cardiac related mortality. However, the mechanism of antiplatelet drug resistance remains incompletely characterized, and a sensitive and specific assay of aspirin and clopidogrel effect that reliably predicts treatment failure has not emerged. To date, evidence supporting antiplatelet drug resistance are pharmacokinetic response variability, drug-drug interaction through competitive inhibition a specific enzymatic pathway, genetic variability, and variability in the induction of enzymatic pathway in metabolic activation of prodrugs, like clopidogrel. Further investigation or guidelines are needed to optimize antiplatelet treatment strategies to identify and treat patients resistant to aspirin and/or clopidogrel. FAU - Lau, Wei C
Aspirin and stroke prevention.$$$ According to meta-analyses aspirin provides a relative reduction in the rate of major vascular events of 19% in patients with arterial disease in general, whereas for patients with ischaemic cerebrovascular disease this reduction is only 13%. The discrepancy may well result from pathophysiological differences and not from a play of chance. There is no proven difference in efficacy according to dose. The evidence for this equivalence is most compelling in the range between 75 and 1300 mg daily, but still fairly convincing for doses between 30 and 50 mg. In contrast, side effects are clearly more frequent as the dose is higher. Other antiplatelet agents (sulfinpyrazone, ticlopidine, clopidogrel, dipyridamole, orally administered IIb/IIIa inhibitors) have no clear advantages over aspirin and in some cases definite disadvantages; the combination of aspirin and dipyridamole may be more efficacious than aspirin alone, but the evidence hinges on a single trial. If recurrent TIAs occur under treatment with aspirin, the rational response is not to change to a different antiplatelet agent, but to review the diagnosis and consider causes other than artery-to-artery embolism. Platelet aggregation can probably still occur despite complete acetylation of platelets, via pathways other than COX-1 inhibition, but in vitro aggregation tests are an unreliable measure. FAU - van Gijn, J
Rationale and design of the SAFE-A study: SAFety and Effectiveness trial of Apixaban use in association with dual antiplatelet therapy in patients with atrial fibrillation undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients with atrial fibrillation who undergo coronary stenting require triple antithrombotic therapy, including aspirin, a P2Y(12) inhibitor, and anticoagulation, to prevent both stroke and stent thrombosis. However, triple therapy may increase the risk of bleeding complications. The optimal management of triple therapy still presents a challenge in these patients. HYPOTHESIS: We hypothesized that 1-month P2Y(12) inhibitor treatment after drug-eluting stent (DES) implantation, as compared with 6-month P2Y(12) inhibitor treatment, in combination with aspirin and apixaban, would be associated with a decrease in the incidence of bleeding complications in patients with atrial fibrillation who undergo DES implantation. DESIGN: SAFE-A (UMIN Clinical Trials Registry Number: UMIN000015923) is a multicenter, prospective, randomized, open-label, blinded-endpoint, parallel-group, comparative study that was designed to compare the safety and efficacy of short-duration treatment with a P2Y(12) inhibitor in combination with aspirin and apixaban in subjects with non-valvular atrial fibrillation who undergo DES implantation. A total of 600 subjects will be randomized in a 1:1 fashion to either 1-month or 6-month P2Y(12) inhibitor therapy in combination with aspirin and apixaban. The primary endpoint is the incidence of all bleeding complications occurring within 12 months. CONCLUSION: The SAFE-A study is the first randomized controlled trial to compare 1-month vs. 6-month P2Y(12) inhibitor therapy in combination with aspirin and apixaban, in patients with atrial fibrillation who undergo DES implantation. This study will provide data that may guide the optimal management of triple antithrombotic therapy.
[Thienopyridines in the treatment and prevention of cardiovascular diseases. Part V. Combination of clopidogrel and acetylsalicylic acid in the treatment of stable patients with atherothrombotic cardiovascular diseases].$$$ In a series of articles the authors consider clinical pharmacology and experience of clinical application of blockers of platelet P2Y12 receptors, most well known representatives of which ticlopidine and clopidogrel according to chemical structure belong to thienopyridine derivatives. In the fifth communication we consider data of two randomized studies in which efficacy and safety of clopidogrel in combination with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) has been assessed in comparison with ASA in stable patients with atherothrombotic cardiovascular disease. It has been shown in both studies that in stable patients with atherothrombotic cardiovascular disease long-term therapy with combination of clopidogrel and ASA was no more effective than monotherapy with ASA or clopidogrel but was associated with high risk of hemorrhagic complications. Thus contrary to acute coronary syndromes and percutaneous interventions with stenting combinations of clopidogrel and ASA is not indicated to patients with stable course cardiovascular diseases. FAU - Preobrazhenskiĭ, D V
Systematic review and meta-analysis of optimal P2Y12 blockade in dual antiplatelet therapy for patients with diabetes with acute coronary syndrome.$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients with diabetes are at increased risk of acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and their mortality and morbidity outcomes are significantly worse following ACS events, independent of other comorbidities. This systematic review sought to establish the optimum management strategy with focus on P2Y12 blockade in patients with diabetes with ACS. METHODS: MEDLINE (1946 to present) and EMBASE (1974 to present) databases, abstracts from major cardiology conferences and previously published systematic reviews were searched to June 2014. Relevant randomised control trials with clinical outcomes for P2Y12 inhibitors in adult patients with diabetes with ACS were scrutinised independently by 2 authors with applicable data was extracted for primary composite end point of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke; enabling calculation of relative risks with 95% CI with subsequent direct and indirect comparison. RESULTS: Four studies studied clopidogrel in patients with diabetes, with two (3122 patients) having primary outcome data showing superiority of clopidogrel against placebo with RR0.84 (95% CI 0.72-0.99). Irrespective of management strategy, the newer agents prasugrel (2 studies) and ticagrelor (1 study) had a lower primary event rate compared with clopidogrel; RR 0.80 (95% CI 0.66 to 0.97) and RR 0.89 (95% CI 0.77 to 1.02), respectively. When ticagrelor was indirectly compared with prasugrel, there was a trend to an improved primary outcome with prasugrel (RR 1.11 (95% CI 0.94 to 1.31)) particularly in those managed with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) (RR 1.23 (95% CI 0.95 to 1.59)). Prasugrel demonstrated a statistical superiority with prevention of further MI with RR 1.48 (95% CI 1.11 to 1.97). This was not at the expense of increased major thrombolysis in MI (TIMI) bleeding rates RR 0.94 (95% CI 0.59 to 1.51). CONCLUSIONS: This meta-analysis shows the addition of a P2Y12 inhibitor is superior to placebo, with a trend favouring the use of prasugrel in patients with diabetes with ACS, particularly those undergoing PCI. FAU - Rossington, Jennifer A
Combination anticoagulant or P2Y12 inhibitor with low-dose aspirin versus low-dose aspirin alone in patients at risk or with documented coronary and/or peripheral artery disease.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To perform a systematic literature review and indirect treatment comparison (ITC) to identify, summarize and quantify randomized controlled trial (RCT) evidence evaluating combination anticoagulant or P2Y12 inhibitor with low-dose aspirin versus low-dose aspirin alone for the prevention of atherothrombotic events in patients with stable coronary artery disease (CAD) and/or peripheral artery disease (PAD). METHODS: We performed an updated search of CENTRAL, MEDLINE and EMBASE through 23 August 2021 to identify RCTs of adult patients with chronic CAD and/or PAD that compared combination anticoagulant or P2Y12 inhibitor with low-dose aspirin to low-dose aspirin alone. Outcomes of interest included major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs) including cardiovascular death, stroke, or myocardial infarction (MI) and bleeding. When needed, outcomes were pooled using random-effects models to generate hazard or risk ratios (HRs or RRs) and accompanying 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Adjusted ITCs using subsequent pooled HRs/RRs were then performed. RESULTS: Six publications reporting the results of two unique RCTs (one evaluating clopidogrel + aspirin vs. aspirin alone and the other rivaroxaban 2.5 mg twice daily + aspirin vs. aspirin alone) were analyzed. The ITC suggested that rivaroxaban + aspirin was associated with a lower risk of MACEs compared with clopidogrel + aspirin (HR = 0.82, 95% CI = 0.68-0.98). When looking at the individual components of MACE, rivaroxaban + aspirin was associated with lower risk of cardiovascular death (HR = 0.75, 95% CI = 0.57-0.98) and stroke (RR = 0.67, 95 CI = 0.49-0.93) and similar risk of MI (RR = 0.93, 95% CI = 0.70-1.23) versus clopidogrel + aspirin. No evidence of a difference in moderate-to-severe bleeding, fatal bleeding or intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) was seen between the two treatment strategies. CONCLUSIONS: Compared to clopidogrel + low-dose aspirin, the use of rivaroxaban 2.5 mg twice daily + low-dose aspirin reduced the risk of MACE, CV death and stroke including ischemic stroke in patients with or at high risk for chronic CAD and/or PAD. These benefits of rivaroxaban 2.5 mg twice daily + low-dose aspirin compared to clopidogrel + low-dose aspirin appear to be achieved without significantly increasing patients' risk of moderate-to-severe bleeding, including ICH or fatal bleeding. FAU - Coleman, Craig I
Guided and unguided de-escalation from potent P2Y12 inhibitors among patients with acute coronary syndrome: a meta-analysis.$$$ AIM: Optimal dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) for acute coronary syndrome (ACS) intends to balance ischemic and bleeding risks. Various DAPT de-escalation strategies, defined as switching from a full-dose potent to a reduced dose or less potent P2Y12 inhibitor, have been evaluated in several ACS-PCI trials. We aimed to compare DAPT de-escalation to standard DAPT with full-dose potent P2Y12 inhibitors in ACS patients who underwent PCI. METHODS AND RESULTS: PubMed, Google Scholar, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials were searched for eligible randomized controlled trials. Aspirin monotherapy trials were excluded. Five randomized trials (n = 10 779 patients) that assigned DAPT de-escalation (genetically guided to clopidogrel n = 1242; platelet function guided to clopidogrel n = 1304; unguided to clopidogrel n = 1672; unguided to lower dose n = 1170) vs. standard DAPT (control group n = 5391) were included in this analysis. DAPT de-escalation was associated with a significant reduction in Bleeding Academic Research Consortium ≥2 bleeding (HR 0.57, 95% CI 0.42-0.78; I2 = 77%) as well as major adverse cardiac events, represented in most trials by the composite of cardiovascular mortality, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, and stroke (HR 0.77, 95% CI 0.62-0.96; I2 = 0%). Notwithstanding the limited power, consistency was noted across various de-escalation strategies. CONCLUSION: De-escalation of DAPT after PCI for ACS, both unguided and guided by genetic or platelet function testing (PFT), was associated with lower rates of clinically relevant bleeding and ischemic events as compared to standard DAPT with potent P2Y12 inhibitors based on five open-label RCTs reviewed.
Implications of the PEGASUS-TIMI 54 trial for US clinical practice.$$$ OBJECTIVES: This study aims to determine the proportion of real-world patients with myocardial infarction (MI) who would have been eligible for the PEGASUS-TIMI 54 (Prevention of Cardiovascular Events in Patients with Prior Heart Attack Using Ticagrelor Compared to Placebo on a Background of Aspirin-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction 54) trial, to characterise their current use of P2Y(12) inhibitors and to explore the estimated costs and ischaemic event consequences of increasing P2Y(12) inhibitor use among these patients. METHODS: In the US national ACTION Registry-GWTG (Acute Coronary Treatment and Intervention Outcomes Network Registry-Get With The Guidelines), we identified 273 328 patients with MI and determined the proportion that would have met the eligibility criteria for the PEGASUS trial. We described longitudinal P2Y(12) inhibitor use among patients eligible for PEGASUS and estimated the cost and ischaemic consequences of increasing P2Y(12) use among eligible patients. RESULTS: A total of 112 222 (41.1%) patients with MI in ACTION Registry-GWTG met eligibility for the PEGASUS trial. Among 83 871 eligible patients with pharmacy claims data, 23 042 (27.5%) were on a P2Y(12) inhibitor at 1 year, 9661 (11.5%) at 2 years and 5246 (6.3%) at 3 years, with the majority (79.2%) of these patients on clopidogrel. The use of ticagrelor in eligible patients not yet on a P2Y(12) inhibitor at 1 year post-MI would cost an estimated US$885 000 per MI, stroke or cardiovascular death averted over a 3-year time horizon, while the use of clopidogrel would cost an estimated US$19 800 per ischaemic event averted. CONCLUSION: In contemporary clinical practice, a minority of patients are on a P2Y(12) inhibitor beyond 1-year post-MI. Applying PEGASUS trial findings to clinical practice would result in a large increase in P2Y(12) inhibitor use, with a cost per ischaemic event averted that is strongly influenced by the choice of therapy. FAU - Bradley, Steven M
Ticagrelor as Compared to Clopidogrel Following Percutaneous Coronary Intervention for Acute Coronary Syndrome.$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy with acetylsalicylic acid and a P2Y12 inhibitor has become a mainstay of therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) for acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Although higher-potency P2Y12 inhibitors are preferred over clopidogrel in major society guidelines, recent evidence has questioned the extent of the benefit. It is important to evaluate the relative efficacy and safety of P2Y12 inhibitors in a real-world setting. This is a retrospective cohort study of all patients who underwent PCI for ACS in a Canadian province from January 1, 2015 to March 31, 2020. Baseline characteristics, including co-morbidities, medications, and bleeding risk, were obtained. Propensity matching was used to compare patients who received ticagrelor versus clopidogrel. The primary outcome was occurrence of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs) at 12 months, defined as death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or unplanned revascularization. Secondary outcomes included all-cause mortality, major bleeding, stroke, and all-cause hospitalization. A total of 6,665 patients were included; 2,108 received clopidogrel and 4,214 received ticagrelor. Patients who received clopidogrel were older, had more co-morbidities, including cardiovascular risk factors, and had a higher bleeding risk. In 1.925 propensity score-matched pairs, ticagrelor was associated with a significantly lower risk of MACE (hazard ratio 0.79, 0.67 to 0.93, p <0.01) and hospitalization (hazard ratio 0.85, 0.77 to 0.95, p <0.01). No difference was observed in the risk of major bleeding. A statistically nonsignificant trend toward reduced risk of all-cause mortality was noted. In conclusion, in a real-world high-risk cohort, ticagrelor was associated with decreased risk of MACE and all-cause hospitalization compared with clopidogrel after PCI for ACS.
Efficacy and safety of rivaroxaban plus clopidogrel versus aspirin plus clopidogrel in patients with coronary atherosclerotic heart disease and gastrointestinal disease undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: study protocol for a non-inferiority randomized controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin and a P2Y(12) inhibitor is recommended for patients with coronary heart disease (CHD) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) to antithrombosis, meanwhile, increasing the risks of gastrointestinal bleeding. Rivaroxaban, a novel oral anticoagulant, combined with a P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor reduces adverse events in patients with CHD and atrial fibrillation who underwent PCI. The effect of rivaroxaban plus P2Y(12) inhibitor on reducing bleeding events in patients with CHD and gastrointestinal disease (GID) undergoing PCI remains unclear. METHOD: The study is a prospective, single-center, randomized controlled trial. A total of 1020 patients with CHD and GID undergoing PCI will be enrolled. Patients are randomized (1:1) to receive either rivaroxaban 10 mg plus clopidogrel 75 mg daily or aspirin 100 mg plus clopidogrel 75 mg daily; both treatments will last 6 months. The primary endpoint is Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) type 2-5 bleeding requiring medical intervention. The secondary endpoint is a composite of major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCE), including all-cause death, cardiac death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, ischemia-driven target vessel revascularization, and stroke. DISCUSSION: The objective of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of rivaroxaban plus clopidogrel versus aspirin plus clopidogrel in patients with CHD and GID undergoing PCI. We aim to explore an optimized antithrombotic strategy, which achieves the same anti-ischemic effect as standard DAPT without increasing the risk of GIB, for patients with CHD and GID undergoing PCI. TRIAL REGISTRATION: This protocol is registered at the Chinese Clinical Trial Registry under the number ChiCTR2100044319. And this publication is based on version 1.4 of the trial protocol dated Sep 6, 2021.
De-escalation of P2Y12 Inhibitor Use After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention and Acute Coronary Syndromes.$$$ BACKGROUND: De-escalation from potent platelet P2Y12 inhibitors to clopidogrel is common. Despite having a clinical rationale, non-bleeding-related de-escalation when a lateral change between potent agents is an option may put patients at increased ischemic risk. We set out to define the scope of P2Y12 inhibitor de-escalation in a large clinical registry and evaluate the potential impact of non-bleeding-related de-escalation on clinical outcomes. METHODS: : A retrospective cohort study was performed on consecutive patients in the Cardiovascular Percutaneous Intervention Trial (CAPITAL) registry to identify those who underwent a switch in therapy within 1 year of percutaneous coronary intervention. The de-escalations were categorized as bleeding-related or non-bleeding-related. The primary outcome was major adverse cardiovascular events, a composite of death, myocardial infarction, and stroke. Secondary outcomes included individual components of major adverse cardiovascular events and a safety endpoint of thrombolysis in myocardial infarction bleeding. RESULTS: Of 1854 patients, 209 (11.3%) underwent de-escalation: 24.9% of cases were bleeding-related, 37.8% were non-bleeding-related, and 37.3% were for unknown reasons. All patients with non-bleeding-related de-escalation were switched from ticagrelor to clopidogrel. The primary outcome occurred in 14 (6.7%) patients, of which 50% underwent non-bleeding-related de-escalation (P = 0.430). Among those with non-bleeding-related de-escalation, 7.6% were hospitalized for myocardial infarction, compared to 1.9% and 3.8% among those with a bleeding-related and unknown rationale, respectively (P = 0.293). CONCLUSIONS: De-escalation, particularly non-bleeding-related de-escalation, of P2Y12 inhibitors is common. A substantial proportion of such de-escalation may be avoidable. Given the potential risk of ischemic complications, strategies should be considered to encourage both the upfront use of potent P2Y12 inhibitors and alternative strategies to de-escalation.
Impact of antiplatelet therapy in heart disease.$$$ Because platelet activation plays an important pathophysiological role in acute coronary syndromes, antiplatelet agents are a mainstay of cardiovascular therapy, both in high-risk primary prevention and in secondary prevention. This is usually done with aspirin in all such cases, and adding a P2Y(12) inhibitor in secondary prevention usually for 1 year after an acute coronary syndrome, especially after stent implantation. P2Y(12) inhibitors include ticlopidine (now rarely used), clopidogrel, prasugrel, and ticagrelor. In the setting of high-risk acute coronary syndromes treated with percutaneous coronary interventions, the addition of a glycoprotein IIb/IIIa antagonist, especially abciximab, is contemplated. Conversely, the role of antiplatelet therapy in preventing stroke after atrial fibrillation has been recently downgraded in most risk classes, in favor of anticoagulants. This chapter provides a general overview of the use of antiplatelet agents in heart disease.
Preferred monotherapy after short-term dual antiplatelet therapy: Systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomized trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have demonstrated the efficacy and safety of P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy following short-term dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). However, no studies have compared P2Y12 inhibitor and aspirin monotherapy following short-term DAPT. We aimed to compare available strategies for DAPT duration and post-DAPT antiplatelet monotherapy following PCI. METHODS: Seven DAPT strategies [ticagrelor or clopidogrel following 1-month DAPT, ticagrelor following 3-month DAPT, aspirin following 3-6 months of DAPT (reference strategy), aspirin or P2Y12 inhibitor following 6-18-months of DAPT, and DAPT for ≥18 months] were compared using a network meta-analysis. The primary efficacy outcome was defined as a composite of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, and stroke. The primary bleeding outcome was trial-defined major or minor bleeding. RESULTS: Our analysis identified 25 eligible RCTs, including 89,371 patients who underwent PCI. Overall, none of the strategies negatively affected the primary efficacy outcomes. For primary bleeding outcomes, ticagrelor following 3-month DAPT was associated with a reduced risk of primary bleeding outcomes (HR 0.73; 95 % CI 0.57-0.95). Clopidogrel following 1-month DAPT was also associated with a reduced risk of primary bleeding outcomes (HR 0.54; 95 % CI 0.34-0.85), however, the strategy was associated with an increased risk of myocardial infarction or stent thrombosis. Similar trends were observed among patients with acute coronary syndrome and high bleeding risk. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with aspirin monotherapy following short-term DAPT, ticagrelor following 3-month DAPT was associated with a reduced risk of primary bleeding outcomes without increasing any ischemic outcomes.
P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy after coronary stenting according to type of P2Y12 inhibitor.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy after 3-month dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with 12-month DAPT according to the type of P2Y12 inhibitor in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS: The Smart Angioplasty Research Team: Comparison Between P2Y12 Antagonist Monotherapy vs Dual Antiplatelet Therapy in Patients Undergoing Implantation of Coronary Drug-Eluting Stents (SMART-CHOICE) randomised trial compared 3-month DAPT followed by P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy with 12-month DAPT. In this trial, 2993 patients undergoing successful PCI with drug-eluting stent were enrolled in Korea. As a prespecified analysis, P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy after 3-month DAPT versus 12-month DAPT were compared among patients receiving clopidogrel and those receiving potent P2Y12 inhibitor (ticagrelor or prasugrel), respectively. The primary endpoint was a composite of all-cause death, myocardial infarction or stroke at 12 months after the index procedure. RESULTS: Among 2993 patients (mean age 64 years), 58.2% presented with acute coronary syndrome. Clopidogrel was prescribed in 2312 patients (77.2%) and a potent P2Y12 inhibitor in 681 (22.8%). There were no significant differences in the primary endpoint between the P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy group and the DAPT group among patients receiving clopidogrel (3.0% vs 3.0%; HR: 1.02; 95% CI 0.64 to 1.65; p=0.93) as well as among patients receiving potent P2Y12 inhibitors (2.4% vs 0.7%; HR: 3.37; 95% CI 0.77 to 14.78; p=0.11; interaction p=0.1). Among patients receiving clopidogrel, P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy compared with DAPT showed consistent treatment effects across various subgroups for the primary endpoint. Among patients receiving potent P2Y12 inhibitors, the rate of bleeding (Bleeding Academic Research Consortium types 2- 5) was significantly lower in the P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy group than in the DAPT group (1.5% vs 5.0%; HR: 0.33; 95% CI 0.12 to 0.87; p=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Compared with 12-month DAPT, clopidogrel monotherapy after 3-month DAPT showed comparable cardiovascular outcomes in patients undergoing PCI. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02079194.
Proteinuria Predicts Resistance to Antiplatelet Therapy in Ischemic Stroke.$$$ The occurrence of a stroke while on antiplatelet agents presents a therapeutic dilemma. One of the main causes for recurrent strokes is antiplatelet resistance more commonly known as high on treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR). Prior studies have established that proteinuria is associated with HTPR following myocardial infarction. Here, we investigated whether dipstick proteinuria correlates with HTPR in patients presenting with stroke. We performed a retrospective cohort analysis of 102 patients admitted for a recurrent ischemic stroke that had either a VerifyNow aspirin or VerifyNow clopidogrel laboratory test performed to assess platelet reactivity. Dipstick proteinuria was defined as > 30 mg/dl (2+ or more). HTPR was defined as an aspirin resistance unit > 550 for aspirin and a P2Y12 reactivity unit > 208 for clopidogrel. Patients with proteinuria on dipstick were significantly more likely to have HTPR to either aspirin (p value 0.017) or clopidogrel (p value 0.017). After controlling for age, smoking, diabetes, hypertension, CAD and GFR, proteinuria was an independent predictor of HTPR for patient taking aspirin (p = 0.025). Platelet resistance is an entity that undermines the activity of antiplatelet agents in reducing stroke risk. Here, we demonstrate an association with increased platelet reactivity and proteinuria. This highlights a potential new therapeutic target in reducing future stroke risk. FAU - George, Gemlyn
Ticagrelor versus clopidogrel after fibrinolytic therapy in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel are recommended as adjuncts to fibrinolytic-treated patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). However, the role of switching to ticagrelor within 24 h of fibrinolytics compared with clopidogrel continuation in this setting is uncertain. Hence, we conducted a comprehensive search of electronic databases for all randomized clinical trials (RCTs) that evaluated the safety and efficacy of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel after fibrinolytic therapy in patients with STEMI. A random-effects model was used to calculate the risk ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). A total of 5 RCTs that evaluated the efficacy of ticagrelor post-fibrinolysis were identified. We included 3 RCTs with 3999 total patients for our meta-analysis. The results showed similar short-term clinical outcomes between ticagrelor and clopidogrel with regard to rates of Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) type ≥ 2 bleeding (RR 0.94; 95% CI 0.56-1.60; P = 0.83), major adverse cardiovascular events (RR 0.87; 95% CI 0.49-1.52; P = 0.62), mortality (RR 0.92; 95% CI 0.53-1.59; P = 0.77), myocardial infarction (RR 0.76; 95% CI 0.43-1.36; P = 0.36), and stroke (RR 0.93; 95% CI 0.50-1.73; P = 0.82). Our results demonstrate that in STEMI patients treated with fibrinolytic therapy, switching to ticagrelor was associated with similar bleeding and ischemic outcomes compared with clopidogrel continuation. FAU - Kheiri, Babikir
The role of prasugrel in the management of acute coronary syndromes: a systematic review.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) is the treatment of choice in the medical management of patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The combination of aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor in patients who receive a coronary stent reduces the rate of stent thrombosis and the rates of major adverse cardiovascular events. However, patients with acute coronary syndrome remain at risk of recurrent cardiovascular events despite the advance of medical therapy. The limitations of clopidogrel with variable antiplatelet effects and delayed onset of action are well established and lead to the development of newer P2Y12 inhibitors. Prasugrel is a selective adenosine diphosphate (ADP) receptor antagonist indicated for use in patients with ACS. Prasugrel provides greater inhibition of platelet aggregation than clopidogrel and has a rapid onset of action. We have conducted a systematic review to retrieve current evidence regarding the role of prasugrel in the management of ACS. Evidence comparing prasugrel, clopidogrel, and ticagrelor remain scant. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A complete literature survey was performed using PubMed database search to gather available information regarding management of acute coronary syndromes and prasugrel. An explorative comparison of the safety and efficacy of prasugrel, clopidogrel, and ticagrelor was also conducted. RESULTS: Prasugrel and ticagrelor are more efficacious than clopidogrel in reducing the occurrence of non-fatal myocardial infarction, stroke, or cardiovascular (CV) death but they have also an increased risk of major bleeding in comparison to clopidogrel. CONCLUSIONS: Prasugrel and ticagrelor are today the recommended first-line agents in patients with ACS. The estimation of which drug is superior over the other cannot be reliably established from the current trials. FAU - Spartalis, M
Incidence and outcome of high on-treatment platelet reactivity in patients with non-ST elevation acute coronary syndromes undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (from the VIP [VerifyNow and Inhibition of Platelet Reactivity] study).$$$ High residual platelet reactivity (RPR) on clopidogrel treatment has been associated with increased risk for ischemic events during follow-up in patients with acute coronary syndromes. The aim of this study was to assess the incidence, predictors, and clinical consequences of high RPR in a large population of patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention and stenting. Overall, 833 patients received point-of-care testing of platelet inhibition 30 days after percutaneous coronary intervention. High RPR was diagnosed on the basis of P2Y₁₂ reaction units >230. The incidence and predictors of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, and serious bleeding events were assessed up to 1 year from the day of testing. P2Y₁₂ reaction units were normally distributed, and 264 patients were classified as poor responders (31.7%). Independent predictors of response to clopidogrel were male gender (odds ratio [OR] 1.51), age (OR 0.96), diabetes mellitus (OR 0.51), and use of proton pump inhibitors (OR 0.59). At 1 year, poor responders showed higher rates of death (4.6% vs 1.9%, p = 0.032) and serious bleeding events (4.9% vs 1.8%, p = 0.009) compared with good responders. After adjustment for confounders, high RPR did not emerge as an independent predictor of mortality (OR 0.57, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.23 to 1.42, p = 0.23) or serious bleeding events (OR 0.61, 95% CI 0.25 to 1.52, p = 0.29). The results did not change using the a cut-off value for P2Y₁₂ reaction units of 208. In conclusion, 1/3 of patients with acute coronary syndromes who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention and stenting showed high on-treatment RPR on bedside monitoring. They had a worse prognosis, but the level of platelet inhibition was not independently associated with the incidence of ischemic or bleeding events.
How to test the effect of aspirin and clopidogrel in patients on dual antiplatelet therapy?$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel and aspirin is frequently used for the prevention of recurrent ischemic events. Various laboratory methods are used to detect the effect of these drugs administered in monotherapy, however their value in dual therapy has not been explored. Here, we determined which methods used for testing the effect of clopidogrel or aspirin are influenced by the other antiplatelet agent. One arm of the study included 53 ischemic stroke patients being on clopidogrel monotherapy showing effective inhibition of the P2Y12 ADP receptor. Laboratory tests routinely used for the detection of aspirin resistance (arachidonic acid (AA)-induced platelet aggregation/secretion, AA-induced thromboxane B2 (TXB2) production in platelet-rich plasma and VerifyNow Aspirin assay) were carried out on samples obtained from these patients. The other arm of the study involved 52 patients with coronary artery disease being on aspirin monotherapy. Methods used for testing the effect of clopidogrel (ADP-induced platelet aggregation and secretion, flow cytometric analysis of vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) phosphorylation and a newly developed P2Y12-specific platelet aggregation (ADP[PGE1] test)) were performed on samples obtained from these patients. Clopidogrel monotherapy significantly inhibited AA-induced platelet aggregation and secretion, moreover, AA-induced TXB2 production was also significantly decreased. VASP phosphorylation and AA-induced platelet aggregation showed fair correlation in patients taking clopidogrel only. Clopidogrel did not inhibit the VerifyNow Aspirin test significantly. Aspirin monotherapy influenced ADP-induced platelet aggregation and secretion, but did not have an effect on VASP phosphorylation and on the ADP[PGE1] platelet aggregation test. FAU - Bagoly, Zsuzsa
Is there Sex-related Outcome Difference According to oral P2Y12 Inhibitors in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndromes? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of 107,126 Patients.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The majority of patients included in trials of anti-platelet therapy are male. This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to determine whether, in addition to aspirin, P2Y12 blockade is beneficial in both women and men with acute coronary syndromes. METHODS: Electronic databases were searched and nine eligible randomised controlled studies were identified that had sex-specific clinical outcomes (n=107,126 patients). Risk Ratios (RR) and 95% Confidence Intervals (CI) were calculated for a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction or stroke (MACE), and a safety endpoint of major bleeding for each sex. Indirect comparison analysis was performed to statistically compare ticagrelor against prasugrel. RESULTS: Compared to aspirin alone, clopidogrel reduced MACE in men (RR, 0.79; 95% CI, 0.68 to 0.92; p=0.003), but was not statistically significant in women (RR, 0.88; 95% CI, 0.75 to 1.02, p=0.08). Clopidogrel therapy significantly increased bleeding in women but not men. Compared to clopidogrel, prasugrel was beneficial in men (RR, 0.84; 95% CI, 0.73 to 0.97; p=0.02) but not statistically significant in women (RR, 0.94; 95% CI, 0.83 to 1.06; p=0.30); ticagrelor reduced MACE in both men (RR, 0.85; 95% CI, 0.77 to 0.94; p=0.001) and women (RR, 0.84; 95% CI, 0.73 to 0.97; p=0.02). Indirect comparison demonstrated no significant difference between ticagrelor and prasugrel in either sex. Compared to clopidogrel, ticagrelor and prasugrel increased bleeding risk in both women and men. CONCLUSION: In summary, in comparison to monotherapy with aspirin, P2Y12 inhibitors reduce MACE in women and men. Ticagrelor was shown to be superior to clopidogrel in both sexes. Prasugrel showed a statistically significant benefit only in men; however indirect comparison did not demonstrate superiority of ticagrelor over prasugrel in women.
Malignant stroke in a ticagrelor non-responder as a complication following aneurysm treatment with the Pipeline Embolization Device™.$$$ The Pipeline Embolization Device™ (PED; Covidien Neurovascular Inc, Irvine, CA, USA) is a flow-diverting stent often used for the endovascular treatment of large or giant, wide-necked intracranial aneurysms of the internal carotid artery. Because of the inherent thrombogenicity of intracranial stents, dual-antiplatelet therapy is initiated after placement, which has been shown to decrease morbidity and mortality related to perioperative ischemic events in neurointerventional procedures. However, in some series, as much as 50% of patients demonstrate clopidogrel non-responsiveness. In these non-responders, alternate agents such as ticagrelor can be used to achieve adequate anticoagulation. Compared with clopidogrel, a prodrug requiring Cytochrome P450 enzymolysis for activation, ticagrelor directly and reversibly inhibits the P2Y12 ADP receptor. The absorption of the prodrug and the formation of its active metabolite is comparatively quicker ( t(max) 1.3-2 hours; 1.5-3 hours, respectively). To date, there have been no documented cases of ticagrelor non-responsiveness involving patients undergoing placement of flow-diverting stents or other endovascular neuro-interventional procedures. FAU - Ghamasaee, Pegah
Comparison of prescription rates and clinical outcomes in acute coronary syndrome patients who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention using different P2Y(12) inhibitors in a large observational study.$$$ BACKGROUND: To compare the prescription rates, safety, and efficacy of contemporary P2Y(12) inhibitors in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS: From 9684 ACS patients who underwent PCI in a nationwide, real-world registry, we compared prescription rates, bleeding, and major adverse cardiac events (MACEs: cardiac death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or stroke) according to ticagrelor, prasugrel, or clopidogrel use. RESULTS: The prescription rates of ticagrelor, prasugrel, and clopidogrel were 15.2%, 11.7%, and 73.0%, respectively. In-hospital bleeding occurred in 565 (5.8%) patients, with 108 (7.3%), 80 (7.9%), and 377 (5.3%) patients using ticagrelor, prasugrel, and clopidogrel, respectively, with significantly higher incidence in ticagrelor (p = 0.008) and prasugrel (p = 0.026) users than in clopidogrel users. Ticagrelor and prasugrel were not different in terms of in-hospital bleeding (p = 0.159). MACEs occurred in 804 patients (8.3%), with 82 (5.6%), 69 (6.1%), and 653 (9.2%) patients in ticagrelor, prasugrel, and clopidogrel, respectively (median follow-up, 468 days). Ticagrelor (p = 0.001) and prasugrel (p = 0.001) were associated with fewer MACEs than clopidogrel; the difference between ticagrelor and prasugrel for fewer MACEs was nonsignificant (p = 0.235). CONCLUSIONS: In real-world ACS patients following PCI, ticagrelor and prasugrel were not prescribed at higher rates than clopidogrel, but were found to improve clinical outcomes, albeit they induced bleeding more frequently. No differences were observed in bleeding and outcomes in ticagrelor versus prasugrel.
Clopidogrel use is associated with an increased prevalence of cerebral microbleeds in a stroke-free population: the Rotterdam study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Although clopidogrel reduces the incidence of atherothrombotic events, its use is associated with an increased risk of major bleeding. Cerebral microbleeds (CMBs) are indicative of subclinical microangiopathy in the brain and may prelude symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage. We examined the association between use of clopidogrel and CMBs in persons without a history of stroke. METHODS AND RESULTS: We performed a cross-sectional analysis using data from the Rotterdam Study, a prospective population-based cohort of persons aged 45 years and older. Among 4408 stroke-free individuals who underwent brain magnetic resonance imaging for the detection of CMBs, we identified 121 ever-users and 4287 never-users of clopidogrel before magnetic resonance imaging. We used multiple logistic regression to analyze the association between clopidogrel and CMBs with adjustment for age, sex, cardiovascular risk factors, and common cardiovascular medication. Users of clopidogrel had a higher prevalence of CMBs (odd ratio 1.55, 95% CI 1.01 to 2.37) than nonusers and more often had a high number (> 4) of CMBs (odds ratio 3.19, 95% CI 1.52 to 6.72). Clopidogrel use was associated with a significantly higher prevalence of deep or infratentorial CMBs (odd ratio 1.90, 95% CI 1.05 to 3.45). Among clopidogrel users, we were unable to demonstrate differences in the prevalence of CMBs by indication of prescription, history of coronary heart disease, or common genetic variants in CYP2C19. CONCLUSIONS: In stroke-free individuals, clopidogrel use was associated with a higher prevalence and higher number of CMBs. Whether this association is causal requires confirmation in prospective studies, especially given the small number of participants taking clopidogrel and the possibility of residual confounding in this study. FAU - Darweesh, Sirwan K L
P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy in complex percutaneous coronary intervention: A post-hoc analysis of SMART-CHOICE randomized clinical trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: It remains unclear whether P2Y12 monotherapy, especially clopidogrel, following short-duration dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) is associated with favorable outcomes in patients undergoing complex percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Therefore, this study analyzed the efficacy and safety of P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy, mostly clopidogrel (78%), in complex PCI following short-term DAPT. METHODS: The post-hoc analysis of the SMART-CHOICE trial involving 2,993 patients included 498 cases of complex PCIs, defined by at least one of the following features: 3 vessels treated, ≥ 3 stents implanted, ≥ 3 lesions treated, bifurcation with ≥ 2 stents implanted, and a total stent length of ≥ 60 mm. The primary endpoint was major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular event (MACCE), defined as the composite of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, and stroke. The primary safety endpoint included bleeding, defined as Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) types 2 to 5. RESULTS: Complex PCI group had a higher risk of MACCE (4.0% vs. 2.3%, hazard ratio [HR] = 1.74, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.05-2.89, p = 0.033) and a similar risk of BARC types 2-5 bleeding (2.6% vs. 2.6%, HR = 1.02, 95% CI: 0.56-1.86, p = 0.939) compared with those without complex PCIs. Patients undergoing complex PCIs, followed by P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy and 12 months of DAPT exhibited similar rates of MACCE (3.8% vs. 4.2%, HR = 0.92, 95% CI: 0.38-2.21, p = 0.853). CONCLUSIONS: P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy, mostly clopidogrel, following 3 months of DAPT did not increase ischemic events in patients with complex PCIs. FAU - Roh, Ji Woong
Ticagrelor: oral reversible P2Y(12) receptor antagonist for the management of acute coronary syndromes.$$$ BACKGROUND: The clinical benefits of dual antiplatelet treatment (aspirin + clopidogrel) in the management of acute coronary syndromes (ACS) are well established. However, clopidogrel is a prodrug that requires hepatic activation. Concerns regarding its delayed onset of action, variability in antiplatelet effects, and prolonged recovery of platelet function after discontinuation have prompted the development of P2Y(12) receptor antagonists. Ticagrelor is the most recently developed P2Y(12) receptor antagonist available in the United States. Ticagrelor is a nonthienopyridine antiplatelet agent and is the first reversible oral antagonist of the P2Y(12) receptors. OBJECTIVE: This article reviews the pharmacology, clinical efficacy, and tolerability of ticagrelor use in management of ACS. METHODS: Peer-reviewed clinical trials, review articles, and relevant treatment guidelines published from 1966 to March 15, 2012, were identified from the MEDLINE and Current Content databases using the search terms ticagrelor, ACS, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, pharmacoeconomics, and cost-effectiveness. Citations from available articles were also reviewed for additional references. RESULTS: Nine pharmacokinetics/pharmacodynamics studies in humans and 1 clinical study were identified. In addition, the findings from 6 subanalyses based on the clinical study were included. Compared with clopidogrel, ticagrelor was associated with a significantly reduced composite rate of death from cardiovascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke (ticagrelor, 9.8%; clopidogrel, 11.7%; hazard ratio [HR] = 0.84; 95% CI, 0.77-0.92; P < 0.001). The difference in the rates of major bleeding was not significant (ticagrelor, 11.6%; clopidogrel, 11.2%). Ticagrelor was associated with a higher rate of non-coronary artery bypass graft surgery related major bleeding (4.5% vs 3.8%; P = 0.03), including fatal intracranial bleeding (0.1% vs 0.01%; P = 0.02), and fewer cases of other types of fatal bleeding (0.1% vs 0.3%; P = 0.03). Other adverse events reported with ticagrelor use included dyspnea (13.8%), headache (6.5%), and bradyarrhythmia (5.8%). The effects of ticagrelor have not been compared to those of other antiplatelet agents, including prasugrel. CONCLUSIONS: Based on the findings from the present review, ticagrelor provides reversible inhibition of adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet aggregation, with a faster onset of action than clopidogrel, and is effective in the treatment of patients with ACS. More data are required to definitively position ticagrelor with respect to other antiplatelet agents, including prasugrel.
Impact of platelet endothelial aggregation receptor 1 genotypes and DNA methylation on platelet reactivity in patients with recurrent ischemic stroke treated with clopidogrel.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The aim of this study is to investigate the role of genetic variation and DNA methylation of PEAR1 rs12041331 in high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR) and recurrent ischemic stroke (RIS). METHODS: Genotype, methylation, and mRNA of PEAR1 rs12041331 were detected in patients with cerebral ischemia, for the analysis of the effect of PEAR1 rs12041331 on HPR and RIS. RESULTS: The major G allele of PEAR1 rs12041331 was associated with hypermethylation, which was associated with HPR. This link was not observed for RIS. CONCLUSIONS: The PEAR1 rs12041331 genetic polymorphism and DNA methylation may be among the genetic factors affecting HPR. The correlation between PEAR1 and RIS needs to be studied further.
Ticagrelor vs. Clopidogrel in Older Patients With Acute Coronary Syndrome Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: Insights From a Real-World Registry.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: It is unclear whether more potent P2Y12 inhibitors are of benefit to older patients who are at high risk for both ischemia and bleeding. We conducted an observational study to compare the clinical outcomes of clopidogrel and ticagrelor uses in older patients with an acute coronary syndrome (ACS). METHODS: Older patients (aged ≥65 years) with ACS who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) were divided into clopidogrel-treated and ticagrelor-treated groups. The primary observational endpoint was the occurrence of net adverse clinical and cerebral events (NACCEs) during a 12-month period, which is defined as the composite endpoint of all-cause death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, stent thrombosis, urgent coronary revascularization, and clinically significant bleeding. The secondary endpoints were clinically significant bleeding and major adverse clinical and cerebral events (MACCEs). RESULTS: This study included a total of 2,611 patients. Of them, 1,636 received clopidogrel and 975 received ticagrelor. Between patients receiving clopidogrel and those receiving ticagrelor, no significant differences were noted in NACCE (8.4 vs. 9.7%, respectively; adjusted hazard ratio [HR], 0.86; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.66-1.12) or MACCE (7.1 vs. 7.0%, respectively; adjusted HR, 1.13; 95% CI, 0.83-1.55) during the 12-month follow-up period. In contrast, the occurrence of clinically significant bleeding was significantly less in clopidogrel-treated patients compared with that in ticagrelor-treated patients (27, 1.7%, vs. 31, 3.2%, respectively; adjusted HR, 0.42; 95% CI, 0.25-0.69). Stratified analyses revealed no significant association between age (≥75 years vs. <75 years) and treatment condition in terms of primary or secondary endpoints. CONCLUSION: This study showed that clopidogrel and ticagrelor had comparable net clinical benefits in patients with ACS aged ≥65 years. Additionally, clopidogrel was associated with a significantly lower risk of major bleeding than ticagrelor without an increase in ischemic risk. These findings suggest that clopidogrel is an effective alternative to the more potent P2Y12 inhibitor ticagrelor in older patients.
Comparison of Ticagrelor and Clopidogrel in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndrome at High Bleeding or Ischemic Risk.$$$ Current guidelines recommend individualizing the choice and duration of P2Y(12) inhibitor therapy based on the trade-off between bleeding and ischemic risk. However, whether a potent P2Y(12) inhibitor (ticagrelor) or a less potent one (clopidogrel) is more appropriate in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) in the setting of high bleeding or ischemic risk is not clear. The study aimed to compare the clinical outcomes of clopidogrel and ticagrelor in patients with ACS at high bleeding or ischemic risk. A total of 5,713 patients with ACS were included in this retrospective study. The Cox proportional hazard regression model was adjusted by applying the inverse probability weighted approach to reduce treatment selection bias. The primary clinical outcome was all-cause death. Secondary outcomes included in-hospital death, ACS, target vessel revascularization, stent thrombosis, stroke, or clinically significant or major bleeding. The median follow-up duration was 53.6 months. After multivariable Cox model using an inverse probability weighted approach, all-cause death in the overall population and subgroups of patients at high bleeding risk, and/or at high ischemic risk were not significantly different between clopidogrel and ticagrelor. Rates for secondary outcomes were also similar between the groups. In conclusion, ticagrelor and clopidogrel are associated with comparable clinical outcomes in patients with ACS irrespective of bleeding and ischemic risk.
High on-treatment platelet reactivity to both aspirin and clopidogrel is associated with the highest risk of adverse events following percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ AIM: High on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity (HCPR) and high on-aspirin platelet reactivity (HAPR) are associated with atherothrombotic events following coronary stenting. There are, however, few data concerning high on-treatment platelet reactivity to both aspirin and clopidogrel simultaneously. The aim of the present study was to determine the incidence of dual high on-treatment platelet reactivity (DAPR) and its impact on clinical outcome. METHODS: On-treatment platelet reactivity was measured in parallel by ADP- and arachidonic acid-induced light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) (n=921) and the point-of-care VerifyNow system (P2Y12 and aspirin) (n=422) in patients on dual antiplatelet therapy undergoing elective stent implantation. HCPR and HAPR were established by receiver-operator characteristic curve analysis. The primary endpoint was a composite of all-cause death, non-fatal acute myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis and ischaemic stroke at 1-year follow-up. RESULTS: The incidence of DAPR varied between 14.7% and 26.9% depending on the platelet function test used. DAPR, assessed by LTA and the VerifyNow system, was highly associated with an adverse clinical outcome. At 1-year follow-up the primary endpoint occurred more frequently in patients with isolated HCPR (11.7%), isolated HAPR (9.6%) or DAPR (10.7%) compared with patients without high on-treatment platelet reactivity (4.2%, all p<0.01) when platelet function was evaluated with LTA. Using the VerifyNow system, patients exhibiting DAPR had the highest risk for the primary endpoint (17.7% vs 4.1% in patients without high on-treatment platelet reactivity, p=0.001). CONCLUSIONS: In patients undergoing elective percutaneous coronary intervention, DAPR to aspirin and clopidogrel is present in one in five patients and is associated with a high risk for atherothrombotic events. DAPR measured by the point-of-care VerifyNow system has a higher predictability for atherothrombotic events than LTA. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION INFORMATION: www.clinicaltrials.gov: NCT00352014. FAU - Breet, Nicoline J
Comparing the effectiveness and safety of dual antiplatelet with ticagrelor or clopidogrel in elderly Asian patients with acute myocardial infraction.$$$ BACKGROUND: Current guidelines recommend potent P2Y12 inhibitors for patients after acute coronary syndrome. However, the data on the efficacy and safety of potent P2Y12 inhibitors in elderly Asian populations was limited. We aimed to investigate the major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), bleeding events, and net adverse clinical events (NACE) with ticagrelor and clopidogrel in Taiwanese patients aged 65 and older after acute myocardial infarction (AMI). METHODS: This retrospective population-based cohort study was conducted using data from the National Health Insurance Research Database. The AMI patients aged ≥65 years who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) and survived after 1 month were included. The patients were separated into 2 cohorts depending on the type of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) they received: ticagrelor plus aspirin (T + A) or clopidogrel plus aspirin (C + A). We used inverse probability of treatment weighting to balance the difference between these 2 study groups. The outcome included all-cause mortality, MACE (cardiovascular death, nonfatal ischemic stroke, and nonfatal myocardial infarction), intracerebral hemorrhage, major bleeding, and NACE which is composed of cardiovascular death, ischemic and hemorrhagic events. The follow-up period was up to 12 months. RESULTS: From 2013 to 2017, a total of 14,715 patients who met the eligibility criteria were separated into 2 groups: 5,051 for T + A and 9,664 for C + A. Compared to patients with C + A, patients who received T + A had a lower risk of cardiovascular death and all-cause death, with an adjusted HR of 0.57 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.38-0.85, p = 0.006] and 0.58 (95% CI 0.45-0.74, p < 0.001), respectively. No differences were found in MACE, intracranial and major bleeding between the 2 groups. In addition, the patients with T + A had a lower risk of NACE with an adjusted HR of 0.86 (95% CI 0.74-1.00, p = 0.045). CONCLUSION: Among elderly AMI patients receiving DAPT after successful PCI, ticagrelor was a more favorable P2Y12 inhibitor than clopidogrel because of lowering the risk of death and NACE without increasing the risk of severe bleeding. Ticagrelor is an effective and safe P2Y12 inhibitor in Asian elderly survivors after PCI.
Clopidogrel-Related High Residual Platelet Reactivity Associated with Estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate in Patients with Acute Ischemic Stroke.$$$ INTRODUCTION: There are few studies on the relationship between the occurrence of clopidogrel-related high residual platelet reactivity (HRPR) and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) at admission in patients with ischemic stroke. The aim of this study was to investigate the possible relationship between the two. METHODS: Patients who were hospitalized and diagnosed with acute ischemic stroke were recruited from July 1, 2017, to June 30, 2018, at Shanghai TCM-Integrated Hospital. Renal function was measured within 24 h of enrollment and eGFR was calculated. Patients were tested for platelet reactivity using the VerifyNow system after 7 days of antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel 75 mg/d alone, and patients with P2Y12 reaction unit values ≥230 were diagnosed with HRPR. The association between HRPR and eGFR was analyzed. RESULTS: A total of 274 patients were enrolled in the study, of whom 91 (33.21%) had HRPR. Multivariate logistic regression analysis suggested that an increased risk of HRPR was independently associated with female sex and reduced eGFR (female sex: OR = 2.24, 95% CI: 1.26-3.99, p = 0.006; mild chronic kidney disease [CKD]: OR = 2.95, 95% CI: 1.47-5.93, p = 0.002; moderate CKD: OR = 3.07, 95% CI: 1.08-8.75, p = 0.04). CONCLUSION: Decreased eGFR is an independent risk factor for the occurrence of HRPR in patients with ischemic stroke.
Ticagrelor vs Clopidogrel in Clopidogrel-Naive Patients With Chronic Coronary Syndrome.$$$ BACKGROUND: Whether ticagrelor may reduce periprocedural myocardial necrosis after elective percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in patients with and without chronic clopidogrel therapy is unclear. OBJECTIVES: This study sought to compare ticagrelor vs clopidogrel in patients with and without chronic clopidogrel therapy before undergoing elective PCI. METHODS: In this prespecified analysis of the ALPHEUS (Assessment of Loading With the P2Y12 Inhibitor Ticagrelor or Clopidogrel to Halt Ischemic Events in Patients Undergoing Elective Coronary Stenting) trial, patients were defined as clopidogrel(+) and clopidogrel(-) according to the presence and absence of clopidogrel treatment for ≥7 days before PCI, respectively. The primary endpoint was the composite of PCI-related myocardial infarction and major injury as defined by the third and fourth universal definition 48 hours after PCI. RESULTS: A total of 1,882 patients were included, 805 (42.7%) of whom were clopidogrel(+). These patients were older, had more comorbidities, and had more frequent features of complex PCI. The primary endpoint was less frequently present in clopidogrel(-) compared to clopidogrel(+) patients (32.8% vs 40.0%; OR: 0.73; 95% CI: 0.60-0.88), but no significant differences were reported for the risk of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, or transient ischemic attack at 48 hours or 30 days. Ticagrelor did not reduce periprocedural myocardial necrosis or the risk of adverse outcomes, and there was no significant interaction regarding the presence of chronic clopidogrel treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Clopidogrel-naive patients presented less periprocedural complications compared to clopidogrel(+) patients, a difference related to a lower risk profile and less complex PCI. The absence of clopidogrel at baseline did not affect the absence of a difference between ticagrelor and clopidogrel in terms of PCI-related complications supporting the use of clopidogrel as the standard of care in elective PCI in patients with or without chronic clopidogrel treatment.
Pretreatment With P2Y12 Inhibitors in Patients With Chronic Coronary Syndrome Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Report From the Swedish Coronary Angiography and Angioplasty Registry.$$$ BACKGROUND: In patients with chronic coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention, the optimal timing of P2Y12 inhibitors' administration is uncertain. We compared pretreatment versus treatment in the catheterization laboratory (In-Cathlab) in a real-world population. METHODS: In Swedish Coronary Angiography and Angioplasty Registry, all patients with chronic coronary syndrome undergoing coronary angiography and ad hoc percutaneous coronary intervention, between 2006 and 2017 were identified. Pretreatment was defined as P2Y12 inhibitor administration before coronary angiography, outside the catheterization laboratory. Outcomes were net adverse clinical events including death, myocardial infarction, stroke, or bleeding within 30 days of the index procedure and in-hospital bleeding. RESULTS: We included 26 814 patients, 8237 in the In-Cathlab, and 18 577 in the pretreatment group. In-Cathlab treatment compared with pretreatment was associated with lower risk for net adverse clinical event (4.2 versus 5.1%, adjusted hazard ratio 0.79 [0.63-0.99]), bleeding (2.3 versus 2.6%, adjusted hazard ratio, 0.76 [0.57-1.01]). and in-hospital bleeding (1.9 versus 2.1%, adjusted odds ratio, 0.70 [0.51-0.96]). The risk for death, myocardial infarction, or stroke did not significantly differ between the groups. Among the In-Cathlab treated patients, 41% received ticagrelor or prasugrel and 59% clopidogrel. Treatment with ticagrelor or prasugrel was associated with higher risk for net adverse clinical events (5.4% versus 3.4%, adjusted hazard ratio, 1.66 [1.12-2.48]), bleeding (3.4 versus 1.6%, adjusted hazard ratio, 2.14 [1.34-3.42]), and in-hospital bleeding (2.9 versus 1.2%, adjusted odds ratio, 2.24 [1.29-3.90]) but similar risk for death, myocardial infarction, or stroke, compared with clopidogrel. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with chronic coronary syndrome undergoing coronary angiography and ad hoc percutaneous coronary intervention, pretreatment with P2Y12 inhibitors, before arrival to the catheterization laboratory, was not associated with improved clinical outcomes but was associated with increased risk for bleeding. Our data support clopidogrel administration in the catheterization laboratory as the standard of care. Graphic Abstract: A graphic abstract is available for this article. FAU - Jurga, Juliane
Association between silent embolic cerebral infarction and continuous increase of P2Y12 reaction units after neurovascular stenting.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Endovascular procedures are one of the important treatment options for steno-occlusive arteries in ischemic stroke patients. However, embolic complications after such procedures are always a concern. The authors investigated the association between serial change of residual platelet reactivity and silent embolic cerebral infarction (SECI) after endovascular treatment. METHODS: Ischemic stroke patients undergoing stenting of intra- or extracranial arteries were recruited prospectively. Residual platelet reactivity, represented by aspirin reaction units (ARUs) and P2Y12 reaction units (PRUs), was measured serially (6 hours before, immediately after, and 24 hours after the procedure). A loading dosage of aspirin (500 mg) and/or clopidogrel (300 mg) was given 24 hours before the procedure to patients naïve to antiplatelet agents, whereas the usual dosage (aspirin 100 mg and clopidogrel 75 mg) was continued for patients who had previously been taking these agents for more than a week. Diffusion-weighted MRI was performed before and 24 hours after the procedure to detect new SECIs. Clinical characteristics, baseline ARU and PRU values, and the change in ARU and PRU values after stenting were compared between patients with and without SECIs. RESULTS: Among 69 consecutive patients who underwent neurovascular stent insertion, 41 patients (59.4%) had poststenting SECIs. The lesion was located only at the vascular territory of the stented vessel in 21 patients (51.2%), outside the stented vessel territory in 8 patients (19.5%), and both inside and outside in 12 patients (29.3%). The occurrence of SECIs was not associated with the baseline ARU or PRU value, but was associated with PRU increase after stenting (36 ± 73 vs -12 ± 59, p = 0.007), deployment of a longer stent (31.1 ± 16.5 mm vs 21.8 ± 9.9 mm, p = 0.01), and stent insertion in extracranial arteries (78.1% vs 45.2%, p = 0.008). Stent length (OR 1.066, p = 0.01) and PRU change (OR 1.009, p = 0.04) were independently associated with the occurrence of SECI. CONCLUSIONS: Residual platelet reactivity after dual antiplatelet treatment measured before stenting did not predict poststenting SECI. However, the longer stent and the serial increase of PRU values after stenting were related to SECI. Continuous increase of platelet activation after endovascular procedure may be important in poststent cerebral infarction. FAU - Kim, Bum Joon
Evaluation of platelet activity by multiple electrode impedance aggregometry in acute coronary syndromes: pilot study in a Brazilian tertiary-care public hospital.$$$ There is no definite recommendation for testing platelet aggregation (PA) in acute coronary syndromes (ACS) due to inconclusive evidence on the usefulness of platelet function tests to guide therapy and improve clinical outcomes. The evaluation of PA with multiple electrode impedance platelet aggregometry (MEA) may be useful to manage antiplatelet therapy and possibly influence patient outcome. The primary aim of this study was to measure PA with MEA in Brazilian patients with ACS and evaluate the association between PA and adverse clinical outcomes. Forty-seven consecutive patients admitted with ACS to a Brazilian tertiary-care public hospital were studied and PA was evaluated using MEA. Patients were followed for six months for the occurrence of all-cause death, acute myocardial infarction, or stroke. Suboptimal inhibition of PA was found in 7 patients (14.9%); 5 (10.6%) in response to ASA (acetylsalicylic acid), 2 (5.0%) to clopidogrel, and none to ticagrelor. Inadequate PA inhibition in response to ASA was significantly associated with the composite end point, but there was no significant association for insufficient PA inhibition in response to clopidogrel. This study suggested that the evaluation of PA in ACS using MEA may identify non-responders to ASA. Larger studies are necessary to define, in a public health scenario, the value of MEA in the management of ACS. FAU - De Lorenzo, A
[Subgroup analysis results of platelet inhibition trial in acute coronary syndrome patients (PLATO) who underwent intervention or medical treatment].$$$ Antiplatelet agents are among the most important drug classes in reducing mortality in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). Ticagrelor is the first reversible and direct acting P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor with an earlier onset of action compared to clopidogrel. The PLATO study (Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes) with ticagrelor was conducted with a design providing consistency with the current clinical practice, including all forms of ACS and a wide spectrum of treatment options in 18624 patients from 862 centers in 43 countries. Of these patients, 13408 underwent interventional procedures (ticagrelor/clopidogrel; 6732/6676) (PLATO-INVASIVE). As reported by the investigator, non-invasive treatment strategy was planned for 5216 patients (ticagrelor/clopidogrel; 2601/2615). However, 2040 patients in this group received interventional treatment during the follow-up (PLATO-NON-INVASIVE/MEDICAL TREATMENT). 1261 patients requiring surgical treatment underwent coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) within 7 days after the discontinuation of study treatment (ticagrelor/clopidogrel; 632/629) (PLATO-CABG). The results of these three subgroups were consistent with the main PLATO study results, demonstrating that ticagrelor reduced the primary (cardiovascular death, myocardial Infarction and stroke) and secondary composite endpoints without increasing bleeding compared with clopidogrel. Ticagrelor fulfills an important unmet need regarding antiplatelet effectiveness in patients with ACS. This review evaluates the INVASIVE and MEDICAL subgroup studies of the PLATO study. FAU - Aksakal, Enbiya
The Influence of Non-High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol on the Efficacy of Genotype-Guided Dual Antiplatelet Therapy in Preventing Stroke Recurrence.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C), which represents the total cholesterol content of all pro-atherogenic lipoproteins, has recently been included as a new target for lipid-lowering therapy in high-risk atherosclerotic patients in multiple guidelines. Herein, we aimed to explore the relationship between non-HDL-C level and the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-aspirin versus clopidogrel-aspirin in preventing stroke recurrence. METHODS: This study comprised a post hoc analysis of the CHANCE-2 (Ticagrelor or Clopidogrel in High-Risk Patients with Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events II) trial, from which 5,901 patients with complete data on non-HDL-C were included and categorized by median non-HDL-C levels, using a cutoff of 3.5 mmol/L. The primary efficacy and safety outcomes were recurrent stroke and severe or moderate bleeding within 90 days. RESULTS: Ticagrelor-aspirin significantly reduced the risk of recurrent stroke in patients with low non-HDL-C (71 [4.8%] vs. 119 [7.7%]; adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 0.54; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.40-0.74), but not in those with high non-HDL-C (107 [7.3%] vs. 108 [7.6%]; adjusted HR, 0.88; 95% CI, 0.67-1.16), compared with clopidogrel-aspirin (P for interaction=0.010). When analyzed as a continuous variable, the benefit of ticagrelor-aspirin for recurrent stroke decreased as non-HDL-C levels increased. No significant differences in the treatment assignments across the non-HDL-C groups were observed in terms of the rate of severe or moderate bleeding (5 [0.3%] vs. 8 [0.5%] in the low non-HDL-C group; 4 [0.3%] vs. 2 [0.1%] in the high non-HDL-C group; P for interaction=0.425). CONCLUSION: CHANCE-2 participants with low non-HDL-C levels received more clinical benefit from ticagrelor-aspirin versus clopidogrel-aspirin compared to those with high non-HDL-C, following minor ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack. FAU - Xu, Qin
Ticagrelor and prasugrel are independent predictors of improved long-term survival in ACS patients.$$$ AIM: To investigate the long-term clinical benefit of dual antiplatelet therapy with potent P2Y12 inhibitors compared to clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). METHODS: In this prospective multicenter observational study, we enrolled 708 patients with ACS treated with clopidogrel (n = 137), ticagrelor (n = 260) or prasugrel (n = 311). Major adverse cardiac events (MACE; over 1 year) and long-term mortality (median: 5.6 years; interquartile range [IQR] 4.9-6.5 years) were assessed. Multiple electrode aggregometry (MEA) was used to measure adenosine diphosphate (ADP)- and arachidonic acid (AA)-induced platelet aggregation. RESULTS: Type of P2Y12 inhibitor emerged as an independent predictor of long-term mortality and MACE: patients treated with potent platelet inhibitors prasugrel or ticagrelor were at lower risk for long-term mortality (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] = 0.44; 95% CI: 0.22-0.92; P = .028) or MACE (adjusted HR = 0.38; 95% CI: 0.20-0.73; P = .004) than those treated with clopidogrel independent from clinical risk factors. In contrast, the efficacy of clopidogrel decreased with increasing severity of ACS: platelet aggregation was 37% higher in patients with ST segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) and 25% higher in patients with non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (non-STEMI) compared to patients with unstable angina (P = .039). Patients with diabetes achieved less potent ADP- and AA-induced platelet inhibition under clopidogrel, compared to patients without diabetes (P = .045; P = .030, respectively). CONCLUSION: In the setting of ACS, treatment with ticagrelor or prasugrel reduced long-term mortality and 1-year MACE as compared to clopidogrel.
Prasugrel reduces ischaemic infarct volume and ameliorates neurological deficits in a non-human primate model of middle cerebral artery thrombosis.$$$ Several clinical trials have demonstrated the benefits of thienopyridine monotherapy in ischaemic stroke patients. Non-human primate models of ischaemic stroke have been used for various antithrombotic agents; however, to the best of our knowledge, there is no data on the effects of P2Y12 antagonists in models, such as the thrombotic middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAO) monkey model. Accordingly, it remains unclear what level of inhibition of platelet aggregation (IPA) is required for optimal treatment of ischaemic stroke. In the present study, we investigated the effects of prasugrel, a third-generation thienopyridine antiplatelet drug, on platelet aggregation, thrombus formation and cerebral infarct volume in a non-human primate model. Daily oral administration of prasugrel resulted in significant and stable platelet inhibitory effects on Day 3, with IPA values ranging from 31% to 36% at 0.3mg/kg/day and from 44% to 50% at 1mg/kg/day. These IPA levels encompassed values observed in clinical trials of clopidogrel, and were thus selected for further study. In the thrombotic MCAO model, prasugrel increased MCA patency in a dose-dependent manner and significantly reduced ischaemic infarct volume by approximately 70% at 0.3mg/kg/day and 90% at 1mg/kg/day without increasing haemorrhagic infarction. Prasugrel also significantly reduced neurological deficit scores by 60% at 0.3mg/kg/day and 80% at 1mg/kg/day. In conclusion, prasugrel treatment resulted in effective reduction of ischaemic infarction and an associated improvement in neurological function without increasing haemorrhagic infarction. These data suggest that prasugrel monotherapy would be effective for the prevention of thrombotic stroke.
Comparative Effectiveness of Ticagrelor, Prasugrel, and Clopidogrel for Secondary Prophylaxis in Acute Coronary Syndrome: A Propensity Score-Matched Cohort Study.$$$ Comparative effectiveness evaluation of newer P2Y12 inhibitors (prasugrel and ticagrelor) compared with clopidogrel after acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is limited in real-world US populations. The objective of this study was to evaluate cardiovascular events based on ticagrelor, prasugrel, and clopidogrel use in a real-world patient setting. This retrospective cohort study used the IBM MarketScan database (January 1, 2013, to December 31, 2018) to create three propensity score-matched pairs: ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel (N = 21,719), prasugrel vs. clopidogrel (N = 11,513), and prasugrel vs. ticagrelor (N = 11,065). The primary outcome was a composite of myocardial ischemia, unstable angina, stroke, and heart failure hospitalization. These groups were compared in a time-to-event analysis for the primary outcome at 30, 90, and 180 days following P2Y12 inhibitors initiation after percutaneous coronary intervention. Compared with clopidogrel, ticagrelor use suggested a 10% reduction in the primary outcome at 90 days (hazard ratio (HR): 0.90, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.82-0.99). There were no differences for all other matched pairs or follow-up combinations. In the subgroup analysis of females, the results suggested a risk reduction of 27% for prasugrel at 30 days (HR: 0.73, 95% CI: 0.53-1.00) and 17% for ticagrelor at 90 days (HR: 0.83, 95% CI: 0.70-0.98) when compared with clopidogrel. Among patients treated with bare-metal stents, the results suggested that prasugrel vs. ticagrelor was associated with a 55% and 33% reduced risk for the primary outcome at 30 days and 180 days, respectively. With limited evidence in the United States comparing these drugs, this study helps inform clinicians when choosing P2Y12 inhibitors after ACS.
Benefit of switching dual antiplatelet therapy after acute coronary syndrome: the TOPIC (timing of platelet inhibition after acute coronary syndrome) randomized study.$$$ AIMS: Newer P2Y12 blockers (prasugrel and ticagrelor) demonstrated significant ischaemic benefit over clopidogrel after acute coronary syndrome (ACS). However, both drugs are associated with an increase in bleeding complications. The objective of the present study was to evaluate the benefit of switching dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) from aspirin plus a newer P2Y12 blocker to aspirin plus clopidogrel 1 month after ACS. METHODS AND RESULTS: We performed an open-label, monocentric, and randomized trial. From March 2014 to April 2016, patients admitted with ACS requiring coronary intervention, on aspirin and a newer P2Y12 blocker and without adverse event at 1 month, were assigned to switch to aspirin and clopidogrel (switched DAPT) or continuation of their drug regimen (unchanged DAPT). The primary outcome was a composite of cardiovascular death, urgent revascularization, stroke and bleeding as defined by the Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) classification ≥2 at 1 year post ACS. Six hundred and forty six patients were randomized and 645 analysed, corresponding to 322 patients in the switched DAPT and 323 in the unchanged DAPT group. The primary endpoint occurred in 43 (13.4%) patients in the switched DAPT group and in 85 (26.3%) patients in the unchanged DAPT (HR 95%CI 0.48 (0.34-0.68), P < 0.01). No significant differences were reported on ischaemic endpoints, while BARC ≥ 2 bleeding occurred in 13 (4.0%) patients in the switched DAPT and in 48 (14.9%) in the unchanged DAPT group (HR 95%CI 0.30 (0.18-0.50), P < 0.01). CONCLUSION: A switched DAPT is superior to an unchanged DAPT strategy to prevent bleeding complications without increase in ischaemic events following ACS.
Serial clopidogrel dose adjustment after platelet function testing improves outcome of acute coronary syndrome patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with high on-treatment platelet reactivity.$$$ High on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) on clopidogrel correlates with adverse outcomes in patients treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Whether HTPR is a modifiable risk factor for future events is not clear. We evaluated the effect of serial clopidogrel dose adjustment based on platelet function testing (PFT) during 12 months of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) using Multiplate) analyzer in patients with HTPR after PCI in acute coronary syndrome on clinical outcome. Eighty-seven patients were randomized to interventional (n = 43) and control group (n = 44). Blood samples for PFT were drawn at day 1, 2, 3, 7, 30 and at month 2, 3, 6, 9 and 12. Clopidogrel dose was modified at each point of PFT in the interventional group with patients taking up to two additional 600 mg loading doses and a range of 75-300 mg maintenance dose to achieve and maintain optimal platelet reactivity (19-46 U). The incidence of the primary endpoint (composite of cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, target vessel revascularization and ischemic stroke) was significantly higher in the control group (36.3 vs. 16.2%; p = 0.034). There were no differences in total bleeding events (6.8 vs. 4.6%, p = ns). Patients in the interventional group maintained better P2Y12 inhibition during follow-up. We hypothesize that targeting the therapeutic window of platelet reactivity continuously throughout DAPT by dose adjustment of P2Y12 inhibitor may lead to better platelet reactivity control, and thus reduce the rate of ischemic complications in this high risk group of patients. FAU - Samardzic, Jure
Platelet reactivity and cardiovascular events after percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with stable coronary artery disease: the Stent Thrombosis In Belgium (STIB) trial.$$$ AIMS: The Stent Thrombosis In Belgium (STIB) trial aimed to determine whether assessing platelet reactivity (PR) in patients with stable coronary artery disease undergoing elective percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) could predict the risk of ischaemic complications and adverse clinical events up to 30 days post PCI. METHODS AND RESULTS: PR before intervention was determined in 891 patients undergoing PCI for stable angina pectoris. Twelve to 24 hours before PCI, all patients received a 600 mg clopidogrel dose followed by 75 mg daily, and 500 mg of aspirin followed by 80-100 mg daily. Residual PR was assessed by VerifyNow point-of-care aspirin and P2Y12 assay before PCI. "Non-responders" to antiplatelet therapy were defined as aspirin reaction unit (ARU) >550 and as P2Y12 reaction unit (PRU) >230. The endpoint of the study was the composite of periprocedural myonecrosis, stent thrombosis, non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI), stroke and death at 30 days in patients with or without high PR. The endpoint was observed in 180 patients: four deaths, one stroke, 11 Q-wave MI, three non-Q-wave MI and 161 periprocedural myonecroses. At multivariate analysis, the endpoint was predicted by total stent length (OR: 1.020), GFR <60 ml/min (OR: 1.87), history of PCI (OR: 0.58), white blood cell count (OR: 1.95) and diabetes (OR: 1.83). No significant association was found between residual PR and the primary endpoint or any of its components. CONCLUSIONS: PR measured before PCI in stable patients undergoing elective PCI who are preloaded with 500 mg of aspirin and 600 mg of clopidogrel is not predictive of periprocedural myocardial injury or adverse ischaemic complications up to 30 days. FAU - Legrand, Victor
Comparative effects of guided vs. potent P2Y12 inhibitor therapy in acute coronary syndrome: a network meta-analysis of 61 898 patients from 15 randomized trials.$$$ AIMS: Guidelines recommend the use of potent P2Y12 inhibitors over clopidogrel for the reduction of ischaemic events in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). However, this comes at the expense of increased bleeding. A guided selection of P2Y12 inhibiting therapy has the potential to overcome this limitation. We aimed at evaluating the comparative safety and efficacy of guided vs. routine selection of potent P2Y12 inhibiting therapy in patients with ACS. METHODS AND RESULTS: We performed a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing different oral P2Y12 inhibitors currently recommended for the treatment of patients with ACS (clopidogrel, prasugrel, and ticagrelor). RCTs including a guided approach (i.e. platelet function or genetic testing) vs. standard selection of P2Y12 inhibitors among patients with ACS were also included. Incidence rate ratios (IRR) and associated 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated. P-scores were used to estimate hierarchies of efficacy and safety. The primary efficacy endpoint was major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) and the primary safety endpoint was all bleeding. A total of 61 898 patients from 15 RCTs were included. Clopidogrel was used as reference treatment. A guided approach was the only strategy associated with reduced MACE (IRR: 0.80, 95% CI: 0.65-0.98) without any significant trade-off in all bleeding (IRR: 1.22, 95% CI: 0.96-1.55). A guided approach and prasugrel were associated with reduced myocardial infarction. A guided approach, prasugrel, and ticagrelor were associated with reduced stent thrombosis. Ticagrelor was also associated with reduced total and cardiovascular mortality. Prasugrel was associated with increased major bleeding. Prasugrel and ticagrelor were associated with increased minor bleeding. The incidence of stroke did not differ between treatments. CONCLUSION: In patients with an ACS, compared with routine selection of potent P2Y12 inhibiting therapy (prasugrel or ticagrelor), a guided selection of P2Y12 inhibiting therapy is associated with the most favourable balance between safety and efficacy. These findings support a broader adoption of guided approach for the selection of P2Y12 inhibiting therapy in patients with ACS. STUDY REGISTRATION NUMBER: This study is registered in PROSPERO (CRD42021258603). KEY QUESTION: A guided selection of P2Y12 inhibiting therapy using platelet function or genetic testing improves outcomes among patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. Nevertheless, the comparative safety and efficacy of a guided versus routine selection of potent P2Y12-inhibiting therapy in acute coronary syndrome has not been explored. KEY FINDING: In a comprehensive network meta-analysis including the totality of available evidence and using clopidogrel as treatment reference, a guided approach was the only strategy associated with reduced major adverse cardiovascular events without any significant trade-off in bleeding. Prasugrel and ticagrelor increased bleeding and only ticagrelor reduced mortality. TAKE HOME MESSAGE: A guided selection of P2Y12-inhibiting therapy represents the strategy associated with the most favourable balance between safety and efficacy. These findings support a broader adoption of guided P2Y12 inhibiting therapy in patients with acute coronary syndrome.
Ticagrelor or prasugrel versus clopidogrel in elderly patients with an acute coronary syndrome: Optimization of antiplatelet treatment in patients 70 years and older--rationale and design of the POPular AGE study.$$$ RATIONALE: Dual antiplatelet therapy with acetylsalicylic acid in combination with a more potent P2Y12- inhibitor (ticagrelor or prasugrel) is recommended in patients with acute coronary syndrome without ST-segment elevation (NSTE-ACS) to prevent atherothrombotic complications. The evidence on which this recommendation is based shows that ticagrelor and prasugrel reduce atherothrombotic events at the expense of an increase in bleeding events when compared with clopidogrel. However, it remains unclear whether ticagrelor or prasugrel has a better net clinical benefit in elderly patients with NSTE-ACS when compared with clopidogrel. The POPular AGE trial is designed to address the optimal antiplatelet strategy in elderly NSTE-ACS patients. STUDY DESIGN: POPular AGE is a multicenter, open-label, randomized controlled trial that aims to include 1000 patients ≥70years of age with NSTE-ACS. Patients are randomly assigned to receive either clopidogrel or a more potent P2Y12 inhibitor (ticagrelor or prasugrel). The first primary end point is any bleeding event requiring medical intervention. The second primary end point is the net clinical benefit, a composite of all-cause mortality, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, "PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes" major bleeding, or "PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes" minor bleeding. Patients will be followed for 1 year after randomization, and analyses will be performed on the basis of intention to treat. CONCLUSION: The POPular AGE is the first randomized controlled trial that will assess whether the treatment strategy with clopidogrel will result in fewer bleeding events without compromising the net clinical benefit in patients ≥70years of age with NSTE-ACS when compared with a treatment strategy with ticagrelor or prasugrel.
Management of antiplatelet therapy in patients undergoing neuroendovascular procedures.$$$ Neuroendovascular techniques for treating cerebral aneurysms and other cerebrovascular pathology are increasingly becoming the standard of care. Intraluminal stents, aneurysm coils, and other flow diversion devices typically require concomitant antiplatelet therapy to reduce thromboembolic complications. The variability inherent with the pharmacodynamic response to common antiplatelet agents such as aspirin and clopidogrel complicates optimal selection of antiplatelet agents by clinicians. This review serves to discuss the literature related to antiplatelet use in neuroendovascular procedures and provides recommendations for clinicians on how to approach patients with variable response to antiplatelet agents, particularly clopidogrel. FAU - Kim, Keri S
Ticagrelor for acute coronary syndromes.$$$ Ticagrelor is a potent P2Y12 adenosine diphosphate receptor antagonist characterized by a rapid onset, consistent and reversible antiplatelet effect, and an acceptable safety profile compared with existing adenosine diphosphate receptor blockers. In the large Phase III trial, PLATO, ticagrelor significantly reduced the composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke as well as cardiovascular and all-cause mortality compared with clopidogrel in patients presenting with acute coronary syndromes. With its favorable impact on mortality, ticagrelor changes the landscape of anti-thrombotic therapy for patients with acute coronary syndromes. FAU - Bansilal, Sameer
[Medication of the month. Ticagrelor (Brilique): potent oral antagonist of platelet activity].$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel combined with aspirin reduces ischemic events in acute coronary syndromes (ACS). The individual response to clopidogrel is, however, very variable from one subject to another, and the risk of events seems higher when platelet inhibition is insufficient. Ticagrelor is a potent oral inhibitor of platelet activity. It binds reversibly to the P2Y12 adenosine diphosphate. The platelet inhibition that it induces is faster and more pronounced than that of clopidogrel. In patients who have an ACS (PLATO study) with or without ST-segment elevation, treatment with ticagrelor as compared with clopidogrel significantly reduced the rate of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke, without an increase in the rate of overall major bleeding but with an increase in the rate of non-procedure-related bleeding. In Belgium, Brilique is currently indicated in combination with aspirin for the prevention of atherothrombotic events in patients with ACS. FAU - Lancellotti, P
Triple Antiplatelet Therapy with Cilostazol and Favorable Early Clinical Outcomes after Acute Myocardial Infarction Compared to Dual Antiplatelet Therapy with Standard or Potent P2Y12 Inhibitors. LID - 10.3390/jcm11226856 [doi] LID - 6856$$$ Current guidelines for the management of acute myocardial infarction (AMI) recommend potent P2Y12 inhibitors rather than clopidogrel to prevent ischemic events. However, their ischemic benefits are offset by an increased major bleeding risk. We compared the efficacy and safety of triple antiplatelet therapy with cilostazol in the first month after AMI. This study investigated 16,643 AMI patients who received percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with drug-eluting stents (DES) in nationwide, real-world, multicenter registries in Korea. Patients were divided into DAPT (aspirin and clopidogrel, n = 11,285), Triple (aspirin, clopidogrel and cilostazol, n = 2547), and Potent (aspirin and ticagrelor/prasugrel, n = 2811) groups. The primary outcomes were net adverse clinical events (NACE), a composite of death from any cause, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, and TIMI major bleeding one month after AMI. After adjusting for covariates, there were no statistically significant differences in the risk of death from any cause, MI, or stroke between the three groups. However, the risk of TIMI major bleeding was significantly greater in the Potent group than in the DAPT and Triple groups (p < 0.001). Accordingly, NACE was significantly higher in the DAPT (HR 1.265; 95% CI 1.006−1.591, p = 0.044) and Potent groups (HR 1.515; 95% CI 1.142−2.011, p = 0.004) than in the Triple group. Triple antiplatelet therapy with cilostazol was associated with an improved net clinical outcome in the first month after AMI without increasing the risk of bleeding compared to potent or standard P2Y12 inhibitor-based DAPT. FAU - Byun, Sungwook
Bleeding complications with the P2Y12 receptor antagonists clopidogrel and ticagrelor in the PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial.$$$ AIMS More intense platelet-directed therapy for acute coronary syndrome (ACS) may increase bleeding risk. The aim of the current analysis was to determine the rate, clinical impact, and predictors of major and fatal bleeding complications in the PLATO study. METHODS AND RESULTS PLATO was a randomized, double-blind, active control international, phase 3 clinical trial in patients with acute ST elevation and non-ST-segment elevation ACS. A total of 18 624 patients were randomized to either ticagrelor, a non-thienopyridine, reversibly binding platelet P2Y(12) receptor antagonist, or clopidogrel in addition to aspirin. Patients randomized to ticagrelor and clopidogrel had similar rates of PLATO major bleeding (11.6 vs. 11.2%; P = 0.43), TIMI major bleeding (7.9 vs. 7.7%, P = 0.56) and GUSTO severe bleeding (2.9 vs. 3.1%, P = 0.22). Procedure-related bleeding rates were also similar. Non-CABG major bleeding (4.5 vs. 3.8%, P = 0.02) and non-procedure-related major bleeding (3.1 vs. 2.3%, P = 0.05) were more common in ticagrelor-treated patients, primarily after 30 days on treatment. Fatal bleeding and transfusion rates did not differ between groups. There were no significant interactions for major bleeding or combined minor plus major bleeding between treatment groups and age ≥75 years, weight <60 kg, region, chronic kidney disease, creatinine clearance <60 mL/min, aspirin dose >325 mg on the day of randomization, pre-randomization clopidogrel administration, or clopidogrel loading dose. CONCLUSION Ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel was associated with similar total major bleeding but increased non-CABG and non-procedure-related major bleeding, primarily after 30 days on study drug treatment. Fatal bleeding was low and did not differ between groups. FAU - Becker, Richard C
[Historical and future perspective of antithrombotic agents].$$$ Antithrombotic agents including antiplatelet and anticoagulant ones are effective in prevention of thrombotic diseases such as myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, and venous thrombosis. Aspirin is the most commonly used antiplatelet agent, which has strong evidence to prevent cardiovascular death in patients with acute myocardial infarction. Clopidogrel is also commonly used antiplatelet agents, which is now known to block P2Y12 ADP receptor. New generation of P2Y12 ADP antagonists including prasugrel and ticagrelor are available, but only in patients with acute coronary syndrome. We have used warfarin for more than 50 years. Warfarin is a potent anticoagulant agent to prevent functional completion of vitamin K dependent coagulant factors. New generation of oral anticoagulants were developed, but some were shown not to strong enough in prevention of thrombotic complication in patients with artificial valve. All antithrombotic agents have limitations. Most important limitation is to increase the incidence of serious bleeding complication. Future progress of our understanding for the mechanisms of the onset of thrombotic diseases is essentially important to develop better antithrombotic agents. FAU - Goto, Shinya
Comparison of Dabigatran Plus a P2Y(12) Inhibitor With Warfarin-Based Triple Therapy Across Body Mass Index in RE-DUAL PCI.$$$ BACKGROUND: Body mass index (BMI) affects drug levels of nonvitamin K antagonist oral anticoagulants. We sought to assess whether BMI affected outcomes in the RE-DUAL PCI trial. METHODS: RE-DUAL PCI (NCT02164864) evaluated the safety and efficacy of a dual-antithrombotic-therapy regimen using dabigatran (110 mg or 150 mg twice daily and a P2Y(12) platelet antagonist) in comparison with triple therapy of warfarin, aspirin, and a P2Y(12) platelet inhibitor in 2725 patients with atrial fibrillation who had undergone percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). We compared the risk of first International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis (ISTH)-defined major or clinically relevant nonmajor bleeding events (primary endpoint) and the composite of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, systemic embolism, or unplanned revascularization (main efficacy endpoint) in relation to baseline BMI. RESULTS: Median (range) BMI was 28.1 (14-66) kg/m(2). Dabigatran dual therapy versus warfarin triple therapy had relevantly and similarly lower rates of bleeding at both 110 mg and 150 mg twice-daily doses, irrespective of BMI. Thromboembolic event rates appeared consistent across categories of BMI, including those <25 and ≥35 kg/m(2) (P for interaction: 0.806 and 0.279, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: The reduction in bleeding with dabigatran dual therapy compared with warfarin triple therapy in patients here evaluated appears consistent across BMI categories.
P2Y12 Inhibitor Monotherapy versus Conventional Dual Antiplatelet Therapy in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome after Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Meta-Analysis. LID - 10.3390/ph16020232 [doi] LID - 232$$$ P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy is a feasible alternative treatment for patients after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in the modern era. Clinical trials have shown that it could lower the risk of bleeding complications without increased ischemic events as compared to standard dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT). However, the efficacy and safety of this novel approach among patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) are controversial because they have a much higher risk for recurrent ischemic events. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of this novel approach among patients with ACS. We conducted a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials that compared P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy with 12-month DAPT in ACS patients who underwent PCI with stent implantation. PubMed, Embase, the Cochrane library database, ClinicalTrials.gov, and other three websites were searched for data from the earliest report to July 2022. The primary efficacy outcome was major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCE), a composite of all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, or stroke. The primary safety outcome was major or minor bleeding events. The secondary endpoint was net adverse clinical events (NACE), defined as a composite of major bleeding and adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events. Five randomized controlled trials with a total of 21,034 patients were included in our meta-analysis. The quantitative analysis showed a significant reduction in major or minor bleeding events in patients treated with P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy as compared with standard DAPT(OR: 0.59, 95% CI: 0.46-0.75, p < 0.0001) without increasing the risk of MACCE (OR: 0.98, 95% CI: 0.86-1.13, p = 0.82). The NACE was favorable in the patients treated with P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy (OR: 0.82, 95% CI: 0.73-0.93, p = 0.002). Of note, the overall clinical benefit of P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy was quite different between ticagrelor and clopidogrel. The incidence of NACE was significantly lower in ticagrelor monotherapy as compared with DAPT (OR: 0.79, 95% CI: 0.68-0.91), but not in clopidogrel monotherapy (OR: 1.14, 95% CI: 0.79-1.63). Both clopidogrel and ticagrelor monotherapy showed a similar reduction in bleeding complications (OR: 0.46, 95% CI: 0.22-0.94; OR: 0.60, 95% CI: 0.44-0.83, respectively). Although statistically insignificant, the incidence of MACCE was numerically higher in clopidogrel monotherapy as compared with standard DAPT (OR: 1.50, 95% CI: 0.99-2.28, p = 0.06). Based on these findings, P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy with ticagrelor would be a better choice of medical treatment for ACS patients after PCI with stent implantation in the current era. FAU - Feng, Wen-Han
Early clopidogrel versus prasugrel use among contemporary STEMI and NSTEMI patients in the US: insights from the National Cardiovascular Data Registry.$$$ BACKGROUND: P2Y12 antagonist therapy improves outcomes in acute myocardial infarction (MI) patients. Novel agents in this class are now available in the US. We studied the introduction of prasugrel into contemporary MI practice to understand the appropriateness of its use and assess for changes in antiplatelet management practices. METHODS AND RESULTS: Using ACTION Registry-GWTG (Get-with-the-Guidelines), we evaluated patterns of P2Y12 antagonist use within 24 hours of admission in 100 228 ST elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) and 158 492 Non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) patients at 548 hospitals between October 2009 and September 2012. Rates of early P2Y12 antagonist use were approximately 90% among STEMI and 57% among NSTEMI patients. From 2009 to 2012, prasugrel use increased significantly from 3% to 18% (5% to 30% in STEMI; 2% to 10% in NSTEMI; P for trend <0.001 for all). During the same period, we observed a decrease in use of early but not discharge P2Y12 antagonist among NSTEMI patients. Although contraindicated, 3.0% of patients with prior stroke received prasugrel. Prasugrel was used in 1.9% of patients ≥75 years and 4.5% of patients with weight <60 kg. In both STEMI and NSTEMI, prasugrel was most frequently used in patients at the lowest predicted risk for bleeding and mortality. Despite lack of supporting evidence, prasugrel was initiated before cardiac catheterization in 18% of NSTEMI patients. CONCLUSIONS: With prasugrel as an antiplatelet treatment option, contemporary practice shows low uptake of prasugrel and delays in P2Y12 antagonist initiation among NSTEMI patients. We also note concerning evidence of inappropriate use of prasugrel, and inadequate targeting of this more potent therapy to maximize the benefit/risk ratio. FAU - Sherwood, Matthew W
Clinical Outcomes of Antithrombotic Strategies for Patients with Atrial Fibrillation After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.$$$ Antithrombotic strategies for patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) remain challenging. This study aims to explore the best antithrombotic strategy for AF patients after PCI based on a network meta-analysis. This study was registered in PROSPERO (CRD42018093928). The PubMed, Cochrane, and EMBASE databases were searched to identify clinical trials concerning antithrombotic therapy for AF patients with PCI from inception to April 2018. Pairwise and network meta-analysis were conducted to compare clinical outcomes of different antithrombotic therapy. The primary endpoint was major bleeding. Fifteen studies including 16,382 patients were identified with follow-up ranging from 3 to 12 months. Non-vitamin K oral anticoagulants (NOAC) plus P2Y(12) inhibitor ranked first with a reduced risk of major bleeding compared with vitamin K antagonist (VKA) plus dual antiplatelet therapy (OR: 0.57, 95% CI: 0.43-0.75) but with no significant difference compared with VKA plus single platelet therapy (OR: 0.85, 95% CI: 0.62-1.16). Similar thrombotic events were evident among these groups. Subgroup analysis showed that VKA plus aspirin exhibited a similar risk of major bleeding compared with VKA plus clopidogrel (OR: 0.94, 95% CI: 0.73-1.23) but was associated with increased risks of ischaemic stroke (OR: 2.10, 95% CI: 1.33-3.32) and all-cause death (OR: 1.77, 95% CI: 1.15-2.74) versus VKA plus clopidogrel. In AF patients undergoing PCI, NOAC plus P2Y(12) inhibitor and VKA plus clopidogrel, but not VKA plus aspirin, were associated with reduced risk of major bleeding compared with the recommended VKA-based triple therapy, while thrombotic events were similar among these treatments. FAU - Gao, Xiaofei
DNA Damage in AML-12 Hepatocytes and 3T3-L1 Adipocytes Treated with Clopidogrel.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel has been commonly prescribed as a selective P2Y12 receptor antagonist to reduce heart attack and stroke risk. Nearly 10% of absorbed clopidogrel is metabolized to active forms by cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes in the liver and 90% to inactive clopidogrel carboxylate by esterases. OBJECTIVE: Since different forms of clopidogrel have cytotoxic potential, our aim was to determine the effect of 7.5, 40, and 75μM clopidogrel over DNA damage in adipocytes and hepatocytes. METHODS: In the present study, DNA damage was investigated by Comet analysis using 3T3-L1 adipocytes and Alpha Mouse 12 (AML-12) hepatocytes. RESULTS: DNA fragmentation was found to be increased as a response to 7.5 μM, 40 μM, and 75 μM clopidogrel treatment compared to non-treated control groups in AML-12 hepatocytes (p<0.01, p<0.001, p<0.01 respectively) and 3T3-L1 adipocytes (p<0.001, p<0.001 and p<0.001respectively). DNA damage levels as a response to clopidogrel treatment were found to be higher in 3T3-L1 adipocytes than AML-12 hepatocytes. Also, DNA damage levels in adipocytes and hepatocytes were found to increase dose-dependently for 7.5 and 40 μM clopidogrel, whereas decreased as a response to 75 μM. CONCLUSION: According to our results, clopidogrel results in more DNA damage in adipocytes than in hepatocytes. The molecular mechanism of clopidogrel genotoxicity needs to be further investigated especially in adipose tissue.
Ticagrelor or prasugrel vs. clopidogrel in patients with atrial fibrillation undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention for myocardial infarction.$$$ AIMS: The efficacy and safety of ticagrelor or prasugrel vs. clopidogrel in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) on oral anticoagulation (OAC) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) for myocardial infarction (MI) have not been established. METHODS AND RESULTS: This was a nationwide cohort study of patients on OAC for AF who underwent PCI for MI from 2011 through 2019 and were prescribed a P2Y(12) inhibitor at discharge. The primary efficacy outcome was major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), defined as a composite of death from any cause, stroke, recurrent MI, or repeat revascularization. The primary safety outcome was cerebral, gastrointestinal, or urogenital bleeding requiring hospitalization. Absolute and relative risks for outcomes at 1 year were calculated through multivariable logistic regression with average treatment effect modelling. Outcomes were standardized for the individual components of the CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc and HAS-BLED scores as well as type of OAC, aspirin, and proton pump inhibitor use. We included 2259 patients of whom 1918 (84.9%) were prescribed clopidogrel and 341 (15.1%) ticagrelor or prasugrel. The standardized risk of MACE was significantly lower in the ticagrelor or prasugrel group compared with the clopidogrel group (standardized absolute risk, 16.3% vs. 19.4%; relative risk, 0.84, 95% confidence interval, 0.70-0.98; P = 0.02), while the risk of bleeding did not differ (standardized absolute risk, 5.5% vs. 5.1%; relative risk, 1.07, 95% confidence interval, 0.73-1.41; P = 0.69). CONCLUSION: In patients with AF on OAC who underwent PCI for MI, treatment with ticagrelor or prasugrel vs. clopidogrel was associated with reduced ischaemic risk, without a concomitantly increased bleeding risk.
Endothelial biomarkers and platelet reactivity on ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in patients after acute coronary syndrome with and without concomitant type 2 diabetes: a preliminary observational study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Pleiotropic effects have been implicated in clinical benefits of ticagrelor compared to thienopyridine P2Y(12) antagonists. There are conflicting data regarding effects of ticagrelor vs. thienopyridine P2Y(12) blockers on endothelial function. Our aim was to compare endothelial biomarkers and their relations with platelet reactivity in real-world patients after acute coronary syndrome (ACS) on maintenance dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with ticagrelor or clopidogrel stratified by diabetes status. METHODS: Biochemical indices of endothelial dysfunction/activation and platelet reactivity by multiple electrode aggregometry were compared in 126 stable post-ACS subjects (mean age: 65 ± 10 years, 92 men and 34 women), including patients with (n = 61) or without (n = 65) coexistent type 2 diabetes (T2DM) on uneventful maintenance DAPT with either ticagrelor (90 mg b.d.) or clopidogrel (75 mg o.d.) in addition to low-dose aspirin. Exclusion criteria included a complicated in-hospital course, symptomatic heart failure, left ventricular ejection fraction < 40% and relevant coexistent diseases except for well-controlled diabetes, mild renal insufficiency or hypertension. RESULTS: Clinical characteristics were similar in patients on ticagrelor (n = 62) and clopidogrel (n = 64). The adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet aggregation and circulating soluble P-selectin (sP-selectin) were decreased in ticagrelor users irrespective of T2DM status (p < 0.001 and p < 0.01 for platelet reactivity and sP-selectin, respectively). Plasma levels of soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1) were lower in T2DM subjects on ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel (758 ± 162 vs. 913 ± 217 µg/L, p < 0.01). In contrast, plasma sVCAM-1 was similar in non-diabetic patients on ticagrelor and clopidogrel (872 ± 203 vs. 821 ± 210 µg/L, p > 0.7). The concentrations of sE-selectin, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 and asymmetric dimethylarginine did not differ according to the type of P2Y(12) antagonist regardless of T2DM status. Platelet reactivity was unrelated to any endothelial biomarker in subjects with or without T2DM. CONCLUSIONS: Our preliminary findings may suggest an association of ticagrelor-based maintenance DAPT with favorable endothelial effects compared to clopidogrel users in stable post-ACS patients with T2DM. If proven, this could contribute to more pronounced clinical benefits of ticagrelor in diabetic subjects.
A Cardiologists' Survey on the Use of Anticoagulants and Antiplatelets in Patients With Atrial Fibrillation and Acute Coronary Syndrome or Those Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention in India.$$$ PURPOSE: The management of patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) and acute coronary syndrome (ACS) or undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) requires appropriate antithrombotic regimens for stroke prevention and in-stent thrombosis. Current practice recommendations are largely based on consensus options as there is limited evidence from randomized clinical trials. Hence, by surveying a group of cardiologists across India, we sought to better understand the current practice patterns of using oral anticoagulants (vitamin K antagonist, VKA or non-vitamin K antagonist oral anticoagulant, NOAC) and antiplatelet therapy in those patients in India. METHODS: A cross-sectional questionnaire-based survey was conducted across India to better understand the clinical practices in AF management. RESULTS: A total of 151 cardiologists participated in this survey. The most commonly prescribed combination therapy in patients with AF and ACS/undergoing PCI was triple therapy (NOAC + dual antiplatelet [aspirin and P2Y12 inhibitor]) (54.30%) followed by NOAC + single antiplatelet (33.11%). Only 11.26% of cardiologists prescribed VKA + dual antiplatelet therapy. Among anticoagulants, cardiologists prescribed NOACs to 66.11% of patients and VKAs to 25.54% of patients. Among P2Y12 inhibitors, ticagrelor (50.99%) and clopidogrel (47.02%) were the most preferred medication. The physician reported patient adherence rates to NOACs were higher compared to VKAs. Around 41.06% of cardiologists reportedly changed antiplatelet therapy for patients from dual antiplatelet to single antiplatelet therapy in three months; 36.42%, in one month; and 19.21% in six months after PCI. Around 61.59% of cardiologists stopped prescribing antiplatelet therapy for patients by one year. CONCLUSION: Our survey demonstrated that the majority of cardiologists used triple therapy (NOAC + dual antiplatelet), followed by NOAC + single antiplatelet for managing patients with AF and ACS or undergoing PCI in line with the available guidelines.
Association of measured platelet reactivity with changes in P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor therapy and outcomes after myocardial infarction: Insights into routine clinical practice from the TReatment with ADP receptor iNhibitorS: Longitudinal Assessment of Treatment Patterns and Events after Acute Coronary Syndrome (TRANSLATE-ACS) study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Little is known about the use of platelet function testing to guide choice of P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor therapy in routine clinical practice. METHODS: We studied 671 myocardial infarction (MI) patients treated with percutaneous coronary intervention in the TRANSLATE-ACS Registry who had VerifyNow platelet function testing performed while on clopidogrel treatment during their index hospitalization (April 2010-October 2012). RESULTS: High platelet reactivity (>208 platelet reactivity units [PRU]) was present in 261 (38.9%) patients. Clopidogrel was switched in-hospital to prasugrel in 80 (30.7%) patients with high platelet reactivity and 18 (4.4%) patients with therapeutic platelet reactivity (≤208 PRU). Among high platelet reactivity patients, switch to prasugrel was associated with lower major adverse cardiovascular events (death, MI, stroke, or unplanned revascularization) at 1year (10.0% vs 22.7%, P=.02; adjusted odds ratio [OR] 0.39, 95% CI 0.18-0.85, P=.02) and no significant difference in Bleeding Academic Research Consortium type 2 or higher bleeding (23.8% vs 22.1%, P=.77; adjusted OR 0.91, 95% CI 0.48-1.7, P=.77) compared with patients continued on clopidogrel. No significant differences in major adverse cardiovascular event (22.2% vs 12.8%, P=.25; adjusted OR 1.8, 95% CI 0.47-7.3, P=.38) or bleeding (22.2% vs 19.4%, P=.77; adjusted OR 1.3, 95% CI 0.27-6.8, P=.72) were observed among therapeutic platelet reactivity patients between switching and continuation on clopidogrel. CONCLUSIONS: Only one-third of percutaneous coronary intervention-treated MI patients with high on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity were switched to a more potent P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor. Intensification of antiplatelet therapy was associated with lower risk of ischemic events at 1year among HPR patients.
Differential inhibition of platelet function by cilostazol in combination with clopidogrel.$$$ PURPOSE: To assess the antiplatelet effect of cilostazol clinically, we compared the effects of cilostazol in combination with clopidogrel on various platelet function tests. METHODS: We recruited patients with ischemic stroke at high risk of recurrence who were treated with clopidogrel alone within 180 days after stroke onset. Subjects underwent baseline platelet function tests, and were then randomly assigned to receive dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) comprising clopidogrel and cilostazol or clopidogrel monotherapy (SAPT). After 6 months, platelet function was measured again and compared to that at baseline in each group, and the rate of change was compared between groups. RESULTS: Thirty-four patients were enrolled, but 4 patients were excluded for various reasons. In total, 30 subjects (13 in DAPT and 17 in SAPT group) were analyzed. Adenosine diphosphate- and collagen-induced aggregation, VerifyNow P2Y(12) reaction units, vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (platelet reactivity index: PRI) and plasma p-selectin concentration were significantly lower (P = 0.004, 0.042, 0.049, 0.003 and 0.006 respectively), while VerifyNow % inhibition was significantly higher at 6 months compared to baseline (P = 0.003) in the DAPT group only. Comparison of the rate of change in each parameter from baseline to 6 months showed that while PRI decreased at a greater rate (P = 0.012), VerifyNow % inhibition increased at a greater rate (P = 0.003) in the DAPT group than the SAPT group. CONCLUSIONS: The inhibitory effects of adjunctive cilostazol added to clopidogrel on platelet function differed by type of platelet function test. VerifyNow % inhibition and PRI were more inhibited than the other platelet function tests. TRIAL REGISTRATION: CSPS.com substudy in TWMU (UMIN000026672), registered on April 1, 2017. This study was performed as a substudy of CSPS.com (UMIN000012180, registered on October 31, 2013) and was retrospectively registered.
Contemporary Antiplatelet Therapy and Clinical Outcomes of Japanese Patients With Acute Myocardial Infarction　- Results From the Prospective Japan Acute Myocardial Infarction Registry (JAMIR).$$$ BACKGROUND: Antiplatelet therapy is the corner stone of treatment following acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Prasugrel, a new and potent antiplatelet agent, was recently introduced to clinical practice. We compared the clinical outcomes of patients with AMI treated with prasugrel with those treated with clopidogrel in real-world clinical practice in Japan.Methods and Results:The Japan AMI Registry (JAMIR) is a multicenter, nationwide, prospective registry enrolling patients with AMI from 50 institutes. Between December 2015 and May 2017, a total of 3,411 patients were enrolled. Among them, 3,069 patients were treated with either prasugrel (n=2,607) or clopidogrel (n=462) during hospitalization. Median follow-up period was 12 months. Prasugrel-treated patients were predominantly male, younger, more often showed ST-elevation AMI, and had fewer comorbidities. After adjustment using inverse probability of treatment weighting, the primary endpoint, defined as a composite of cardiovascular death, non-fatal MI and non-fatal stroke, was comparable between the prasugrel and clopidogrel groups (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1.07, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.67-1.72), whereas the risk of major bleeding (BARC type 3 or 5 bleeding) was significantly lower in the prasugrel group (adjusted HR 0.62, 95% CI 0.39-0.99). CONCLUSIONS: The present real-world database of the JAMIR demonstrated that the potent P2Y12-inhibitor prasugrel showed comparable rates of 1-year ischemic events to clopidogrel, but the risk of bleeding was lower with prasugrel than with clopidogrel. FAU - Yasuda, Satoshi
Comparison of the Efficacy and Safety Profiles of Different P2Y12 Inhibitors in Patients With ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction in the COVID-19 Era.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIM: Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) is characterized by an increased risk of thrombotic and hemorrhagic events resulting from endothelial dysfunction. In patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI), the dual antiplatelet therapy used to reduce mortality may increase the risk of bleeding. The study aimed to compare the efficacy and safety profiles of P2Y12 inhibitors used during the COVID-19 era. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Three hundred and ninety patients who underwent primary percutaneous intervention for STEMI between January 1, 2020, and December 31, 2021, were included in this study, retrospectively. The patients were divided into groups according to their COVID-19 history and all-cause mortality, cardiac mortality, stent thrombosis, and bleeding complications during hospitalization and at one-year follow-up were compared. RESULTS: The mean age of the patients was 64.3 years and the mean follow-up period was 10.2 months; 80% of the patients were male and 44.6% had a history of COVID-19 infection. The in-hospital mortality rate was 11.3%. Cardiac mortality was significantly higher in the clopidogrel group compared to the other groups, regardless of COVID-19 history (21.9% in the clopidogrel group, 1.6% in the prasugrel group, and 6.7% in the ticagrelor group (p<0.001)). There was no significant difference between the groups in terms of bleeding complications and relation to COVID-19. CONCLUSION: In STEMI patients treated with different P2Y12 inhibitors, there was no significant difference in mortality, bleeding, stroke, and thrombotic complications, regardless of the presence or absence of COVID-19 infection.
Statins do not adversely affect post-interventional residual platelet aggregation and outcomes in patients undergoing coronary stenting treated by dual antiplatelet therapy.$$$ AIMS: There are growing data suggesting a clinical relevance of residual platelet aggregation (RPA) in patients undergoing PCI. Drug-drug interaction of statins and clopidogrel has been controversially discussed in ex vivo studies and clinical trials. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of peri-procedural statin medication on the metabolization of aspirin and clopidogrel with regard to platelet aggregation and clinical outcome in patients undergoing coronary intervention. METHODS AND RESULTS: Patients with coronary stenting for symptomatic coronary artery disease are routinely evaluated by platelet function analysis in a monocentre registry, and for the present study, a consecutive cohort of 1155 patients were analysed. About 87.7% of the patients were treated with statins at the time of platelet function analysis. Residual platelet activity assessed by adenosine diphosphate (20 micromol/L)-induced platelet aggregation was not significantly influenced by statin treatment. Nor the significant effects of CYP3A4-metabolization pathway on post-treatment aggregation were recorded, although there was even a trend to lower RPA values in patients treated with CYP3A4-metabolized statins. Further, in an inter-individual analysis comparing patients treated with CYP3A4- and non-CYP3A4-metabolized statins, no time-dependent difference of clopidogreĺs anti-aggregatory effects was observed. Clinical follow-up of major adverse events (myocardial infarction, ischaemic stroke, death) in 991 patients within 3 months revealed no significant adverse effects of statin treatment on clinical outcome. Instead, statin treatment was independently associated with lower incidence of composite events (HR 0.44, 95% confidence interval 0.23-0.83, P = 0.01). CONCLUSION: Peri-procedural co-administration of statins does not increase the post-interventional RPA in cardiovascular patients treated with dual antiplatelet therapy and does not worsen the clinical prognosis of these patients. FAU - Geisler, Tobias
Neuro-Interventional Use of Oral Antiplatelets: A Survey of Neuro-Endovascular Centers in the United States and Review of the Literature.$$$ BACKGROUND: Intra- and postprocedural thrombosis are major complication of aneurysmal coil embolization, stent-assisted coiling, and pipeline embolization. The common but unproven practice of dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor in neuro-endovascular patients is inferred from the cardiology literature without large clinical trials to support it in neuro-endovascular patients. OBJECTIVE: We conducted an electronic survey to identify practice variations surrounding the use of oral antiplatelets in patients undergoing endovascular neuro-interventional procedures across neuro-endovascular centers in the United States. METHODS: An electronic survey was distributed via the Web. Any practicing neuro-intensive care unit (ICU), neuro-interventional or stroke physician, pharmacist, physician assistant, or nurse practitioner was eligible to respond to this survey between June and October 2017. RESULTS: A total of 33 responses were collected during the survey period. A response rate of 16% was calculated after taking into account all comprehensive stroke centers in the United States. Aspirin and clopidogrel was the standard-of-care antiplatelet regimen utilized in the majority of institutions (82%). Alternatively, 4 institutions used monotherapy (aspirin [n = 2], clopidogrel [n = 1], either aspirin or clopidogrel [n = 1]) and 2 institutions reported practitioner-dependent practices. Just under half of the centers reported ticagrelor as the primary alternative in clopidogrel nonresponders (48%). CONCLUSION: Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel appears to be standard of care in this setting based on our survey. About half of responding institutions use ticagrelor in cases where clopidogrel resistance is suspected. Large society-wide patient registries are needed to provide data for future safety and efficacy studies. FAU - Farrokh, Salia
A Case Series of 18 Patients Receiving Ticagrelor After Carotid Stenting.$$$ PURPOSE: Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin and a P2Y12 receptor antagonist is often used to prevent thrombotic complications after endovascular stent placement. Most of the published experience surrounding DAPT after carotid stenting is with clopidogrel. Ticagrelor may be a promising alternative, especially in patients who may be considered nonresponders to clopidogrel. However, clinical outcomes utilizing DAPT with ticagrelor in a cohort with carotid stenting is lacking. In this case series, we describe our experience with systematic prescribing of ticagrelor after carotid stent placement in 18 patients. METHODS: A retrospective review of 18 patients prescribed ticagrelor who underwent carotid stenting between November 2015 and January 2017 was performed. All eligible patients were included in the review. The primary end point of interest was any ischemic stroke or death within 30 days following the procedure. Intracranial hemorrhage was a secondary end point. RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: No patients experienced the primary end point of ischemic stroke or death within 30 days. No intracranial hemorrhages were observed. The use of ticagrelor after carotid stenting may be a reasonable alternative to clopidogrel after carotid stent placement. Randomized trials to support our findings are needed. FAU - Olafson, Elizabeth M
Low-dose prasugrel versus standard-dose ticagrelor in east Asian patients with acute coronary syndrome.$$$ Low-dose prasugrel demonstrated a similar effectiveness profile to clopidogrel in East Asian ACS patients, but its comparison with another new-generation potent P2Y(12) inhibitor, ticagrelor, remains unclear. To compare the effectiveness and safety of low-dose prasugrel against those of standard-dose ticagrelor in East Asian patients with ACS. This retrospective cohort study used Taiwan's National Health and Welfare Database. This study included ACS patients who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention and, at discharge between January 1, 2018 and December 31, 2020, were prescribed with low-dose prasugrel plus aspirin or standard-dose ticagrelor plus aspirin. Stabilized inverse probability of treatment weighting was used to balance the covariates across these two groups. The primary effectiveness outcome was a composite of acute myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, and cardiovascular death; the secondary effectiveness outcome was each of the individual components of the primary outcome, transient ischemic attack, and repeat revascularization. The primary safety outcome was a composite of intracranial hemorrhage and gastrointestinal bleeding, and the two secondary safety outcomes were intracranial hemorrhage and gastrointestinal bleeding. A total of 24,807 patients were included in this study. Among them, 1,493 were low-dose prasugrel users and 23,314 were standard-dose ticagrelor users. No significant differences were found in primary effectiveness [HR: 0.97 (0.74-1.28)] or primary safety outcomes [HR: 1.22 (0.73-2.01)] between the two study groups. For East Asian patients with ACS, low-dose prasugrel provides comparable effectiveness without increasing bleeding risk compared to standard-dose ticagrelor. Low-dose prasugrel may be an appropriate alternative for East Asian populations.
Use of Antiplatelet Agents in the Neurosurgical Patient.$$$ Antiplatelet agents used to treat neurovascular disease include aspirin; P2Y12 receptor antagonists clopidogrel, prasugrel, and ticagrelor; ADP antagonist ticlopidine; phosphodiesterase inhibitor dipyridamole; and glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors abciximab, eptifibatide, and tirofiban. Numerous studies have been performed evaluating their efficacy in stroke, extracranial carotid artery disease and dissection, intracranial atherosclerotic disease, and moyamoya disease. The rapid technological advancements in endovascular neurosurgical devices have also made antiplatelet therapy a necessary part of treating intracranial aneurysms. This article presents the relevant data supporting the use of antiplatelet agents in vascular neurosurgery and recommendations based on the described studies.
Comparing prasugrel to twice daily clopidogrel post percutaneous coronary intervention in a Veterans Affairs population.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to compare various antiplatelet regimens in patients who experienced increased platelet reactivity on clopidogrel therapy with regards to cardiovascular outcomes, including need for revascularization, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, and cardiovascular (CV) death. METHODS: A retrospective chart review was conducted on patients who received percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) at the Richard L. Roudebush Veterans Affairs Medical Center and were subsequently prescribed either clopidogrel 75 mg twice daily, prasugrel 10 mg daily, or clopidogrel 75 mg daily with high platelet reactivity between October 1, 2009 and November 30, 2010. Correlations between antiplatelet regimens and prevention of cardiovascular outcomes and bleeding events were evaluated. Groups were evaluated statistically as two separate comparisons; the first comparison being clopidogrel twice daily versus prasugrel and the second comparison being clopidogrel twice daily versus clopidogrel daily in those patients with a P2Y12 test result of less than 50%. RESULTS: A total of 108 patients were included in the study. Eight events occurred in the clopidogrel twice daily group (n = 26), including five revascularizations and three MIs. Seven events occurred in the prasugrel group (n = 64), including two revascularizations, two MIs, two strokes, and one CV death. The difference between these groups was statistically significant (p = 0.031), with patients in the prasugrel group experiencing fewer events. Five events occurred in the clopidogrel daily group (n = 18), including one need for revascularization, two MIs, and two instances of CV death. There were no statistically significant differences in CV events between the clopidogrel twice daily group and clopidogrel daily group (p > 0.999). There were also no statistically significant differences in bleeding incidents for either of the comparisons; p > 0.999 and p = 0.676 respectively for the first and second comparisons. CONCLUSION: Patients on prasugrel had fewer cardiovascular events as compared to patients on clopidogrel twice daily with no difference in bleeding events. No difference was seen with regards to cardiovascular or bleeding events when comparing clopidogrel twice daily to clopidogrel daily in patients with increased platelet reactivity. Study results suggest that there is no benefit to dosing clopidogrel twice daily when compared to either prasugrel or once daily clopidogrel dosing.
Ticagrelor Use in Indian Patients Undergoing Neuroendovascular Procedures: A Single Center Experience.$$$ PURPOSE: A safe and efficacious antiplatelet drug is needed for patients with clopidogrel resistance who undergo neuroendovascular procedures. Ticagrelor is a new reversibly binding, oral, direct-acting P2Y receptor antagonist with no known resistance. We describe our clinical experience using ticagrelor for neuroendovascular procedures in Indian patients with clopidogrel resistance at the NH Institute of Neurosciences, Narayana Health City, Bangalore. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed our endovascular procedure database for all patients with predefined clopidogrel resistance. Clopidogrel resistance was defined as P2Y12 inhibition <40%. Patients were administered ticagrelor along with aspirin prior to the procedure. RESULTS: Of 127 patients, 32 (25%) were non-responders to clopidogrel (22 [69%] males, 10 [31%] females; median age, 54 years [range, 20-75]). All patients were treated with a 180-mg loading dose of ticagrelor, followed by 90 mg twice daily. Twenty patients (63%) underwent endovascular intervention for intracranial aneurysm, two (6%) for dissecting aneurysms, nine (28%) for stenotic lesions, and one (3%) for carotico-cavernous fistula. No patient experienced any adverse effects related to the use of Ticagrelor in the postoperative period. CONCLUSION: Ticagrelor is an effective alternative to clopidogrel for use in conjunction with aspirin in patients with clopidogrel resistance. None of our patients had adverse effects from ticagrelor. Drug cost, twice-daily dosing, and risk of faster platelet aggregation activation after discontinuation should be taken into consideration prior to its use in such patients. FAU - Karan, Vivek
Periprocedural P2Y(12) inhibitors improve perioperative outcomes after carotid stenting by primarily decreasing strokes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The continuation of antiplatelet agents in the periprocedural period around carotid stenting (CAS) procedures is felt to be mandatory to minimize the risk of periprocedural stroke. However, the optimal antiplatelet regimen is unclear, with some advocating dual antiplatelet therapy, and others supporting the use of P2Y(12) inhibitors alone. The objective of this study was to evaluate the periprocedural effect of P2Y(12) inhibitors for CAS. METHODS: The Vascular Quality Initiative was used from years 2007 to 2020. All transcarotid artery revascularization (TCAR) and transfemoral carotid artery stenting (TF-CAS) procedures were included. Patients were stratified based on perioperative use of P2Y(12) inhibitors as well as symptomatic status. Primary end points were perioperative neurological events (strokes and transient ischemic attacks). Secondary end points were mortality and myocardial infarction. RESULTS: A total of 31,036 CAS procedures were included for analysis, with 49.8% TCAR and 50.2% TF-CAS cases; 63.8% of patients were male and 82.3% of patients were on a P2Y(12) inhibitor. P2Y(12) inhibitor use was more common in males, asymptomatic patients, those older than 70 years, and concurrent statin use. P2Y(12) inhibitors were more likely to be used in TCAR cases than in TF-CAS cases (87.3% vs 76.8%; P < .001). The rate of periprocedural neurological events in the whole cohort was 2.6%. Patients on P2Y(12) inhibitors were significantly less likely to experience a periprocedural neurological event (2.3% vs 3.9%; P < .001) and mortality (0.6% vs 2.1%; P < .001) than those who were not on a P2Y(12) inhibitor. There was no effect on the rates of myocardial infarction. On multivariate analysis, both symptomatic and asymptomatic patients on P2Y(12) inhibitors were significantly less likely to develop perioperative neurological events. Additionally, the use of P2Y(12) inhibitors demonstrated an independent significant effect in reducing of the rate of perioperative stroke (odds ratio, 0.29; 95% confidence interval, 0.25-0.33). Finally, additional analysis of the types of P2Y(12) inhibitors used revealed that all seemed to be equally effective in decreasing the periprocedural neurological event rate. CONCLUSIONS: The use of perioperative P2Y(12) inhibitors seems to markedly decrease the perioperative neurological event rate with TCAR and TF-CAS in both symptomatic and asymptomatic patients and should be strongly considered. Patients with contraindications to P2Y(12) inhibitors may not be appropriate candidates for any CAS procedure. Additionally, alternative types of P2Y(12) inhibitors seem to be equally effective as clopidogrel. Finally, an analysis of the Vascular Quality Initiative demonstrates that, even for TCAR cases, only 87.3% of patients seem to be on P2Y(12) inhibitors in the periprocedural period, leaving room for significant improvement.
Extended antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel alone versus clopidogrel plus aspirin after completion of 9- to 12-month dual antiplatelet therapy for acute coronary syndrome patients with both high bleeding and ischemic risk. Rationale and design of the OPT-BIRISK double-blinded, placebo-controlled randomized trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor is the cornerstone for prevention ischemic events in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. However, the optimal antiplatelet strategy for ACS patients with both high bleeding and high ischemic risks is unclear. STUDY DESIGN: The OPT-BIRISK trial is a multicenter, double-blinded, placebo-controlled randomized study designed to test the superiority of extended antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel monotherapy compared with aspirin and clopidogrel for reduction of bleeding events in ACS patients with both high bleeding and high ischemic risks ("bi-risk"). A total of 7,700 patients who completed 9- to 12-month dual antiplatelet therapy after new-generation drug-eluting stent implantation for the treatment of ACS will be randomized to receive clopidogrel monotherapy or aspirin plus clopidogrel for 9 months followed by aspirin monotherapy for 3 months. The primary end point is Bleeding Academic Research Consortium type 2, 3, or 5 bleedings at 9 months after randomization. The key secondary end point is major adverse cardiac and cerebral events at 9 months after randomization, defined as a composite of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, stroke, or coronary artery revascularization. CONCLUSIONS: OPT-BIRISK is the first large-scale randomized trial aimed to explore the optimal antiplatelet strategy for bi-risk ACS patients after percutaneous coronary intervention in current clinical practice. The results will add evidence regarding de-escalation antiplatelet therapy for patients at special risk.
Antithrombotic Therapy: Prevention and Treatment of Atherosclerosis and Atherothrombosis.$$$ Atherosclerosis is a multifactorial vascular disease that develops in the course of a lifetime. Numerous risk factors for atherosclerosis have been identified, mostly inflicting pro-inflammatory effects. Vessel injury, such as occurring during erosion or rupture of atherosclerotic lesions triggers blood coagulation, in attempt to maintain hemostasis (protect against bleeding). However, thrombo-inflammatory mechanisms may drive blood coagulation such that thrombosis develops, the key process underlying myocardial infarction and ischemic stroke (not due to embolization from the heart). In the blood coagulation system, platelets and coagulation proteins are both essential elements. Hyperreactivity of blood coagulation aggravates atherosclerosis in preclinical models. Pharmacologic inhibition of blood coagulation, either with platelet inhibitors, or better documented with anticoagulants, or both, limits the risk of thrombosis and may potentially reverse atherosclerosis burden, although the latter evidence is still based on animal experimentation.Patients at risk of atherothrombotic complications should receive a single antiplatelet agent (acetylsalicylic acid, ASA, or clopidogrel); those who survived an atherothrombotic event will be prescribed temporary dual antiplatelet therapy (ASA plus a P2Y12 inhibitor) in case of myocardial infarction (6-12 months), or stroke (<6 weeks), followed by a single antiplatelet agent indefinitely. High risk for thrombosis patients (such as those with peripheral artery disease) benefit from a combination of an anticoagulant and ASA. The price of gained efficacy is always increased risk of (major) bleeding; while tailoring therapy to individual needs may limit the risks to some extent, new generations of agents that target less critical elements of hemostasis and coagulation mechanisms are needed to maintain efficacy while reducing bleeding risks.
Clinical outcomes of patients treated using very short duration dual antiplatelet therapy after implantation of biodegradable-polymer drug-eluting stents: rationale and design of a prospective multicenter REIWA registry.$$$ Several studies have demonstrated the safety and feasibility of short (3-6 months) and very short duration (< 2 months) dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) in patients with a durable-polymer drug-eluting stent (DP-DES). However, the clinical importance of using very short duration DAPT has yet to be established in patients with a biodegradable polymer drug-eluting stent (BP-DES). The aim of this REIWA registry (multicenter and prospective registry; investigation of clinical outcomes of patients treated with short duration dual antiplatelet therapy after implantation of biodresorbable-polymer drug-eluting stent: a multicenter, prospective registry from Iwate medical university affiliated hospitals) is to determine the safety and feasibility of using 1-month DAPT followed by P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy in patients after BP-DES implantation. This study is an observational, prospective, multicenter registry encompassing the entire local medical region of Iwate Prefecture (northern area of mainland Japan). A total of 1200 patients who underwent successful PCI with a novel thin strut BP-DES (Synergy, Ultimaster or Orsiro) and are considered to be appropriate patients for very short DAPT, are registered and subsequently administered 1-month DAPT followed by P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy (clopidogrel 75 mg/day or prasugrel 3.75 mg/day). The primary endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular and bleeding events, which included cardiovascular death, spontaneous myocardial infarction, definite stent thrombosis, ischemic or hemorrhagic stroke, or TIMI major or minor bleeding at 12 months. The REIWA registry (UMIN000037321) will demonstrate both the safety and feasibility of using 1-month DAPT in patients with BP-DES. Furthermore, results of this study will also be able to provide supportive evidence for P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy after 1-month DAPT following BP-DES implantation. FAU - Ishida, Masaru
The cost effectiveness of genetic testing for CYP2C19 variants to guide thienopyridine treatment in patients with acute coronary syndromes: a New Zealand evaluation.$$$ BACKGROUND: A recent clinical trial has demonstrated that patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and the reduced function allele CYP2C19*2 (*2 allele), who are treated with thienopyridines, have an increased risk of adverse cardiac events with clopidogrel, but not with prasugrel. The frequency of the *2 allele varies by ethnicity and the Maoris, Asians and Pacific Islanders of New Zealand have a relatively high incidence. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to evaluate, from a New Zealand health system perspective, the cost effectiveness of treating all ACS patients with generic clopidogrel compared with prasugrel, and also compared with the genetically guided strategy that *2 allele carriers receive prasugrel and non-carriers receive clopidogrel. METHODS: A decision-tree model consisting of five health states (myocardial infarction, stroke, bleeding, stent thrombosis and cardiovascular death) was developed. Clinical outcome data (two TRITON-TIMI 38 genetic sub-studies) comparing clopidogrel and prasugrel for both *2 allele carriers and non-carriers were combined with the prevalence of the heterozygosity for the *2 allele in New Zealand Europeans (15%), Maoris (24%), Asians (29%) and Pacific Islanders (45%) to determine the predicted adverse event rate for the New Zealand population. National hospital diagnosis-related group (DRG) discharge codes were used to determine alternative adverse event rates, along with the costs of hospitalizations during the 15 months after patients presented with an ACS. The primary outcome measure was the incremental cost per QALY (calculated using literature-reported weights). Monte Carlo simulations and alternative scenario analysis based on both clinical trial and national hospital incidence were used. Additional analysis considered the overall TRITON-TIMI 38 rates. Costs (in New Zealand dollars [$NZ], year 2009 values) and benefits were discounted at 3% per annum. RESULTS: Actual hospital-based adverse event rates were higher than those reported in the TRITON-TIMI 38 randomized controlled trial and the genetic sub-studies, especially for myocardial infarction and cardiovascular death, and for Maoris and Pacific Islanders. For both sources of adverse event rates, treating the population with prasugrel was associated with worse outcomes (QALYs) than clopidogrel. However, prasugrel became cost effective ($NZ31 751/QALY) when the overall TRITON-TIMI 38 rates were used. A genetic test to guide the selected use of prasugrel was cost effective ($NZ8702/QALY versus $NZ24 617/QALY) for hospital and clinical trial incidence, respectively. Based on the hospital rates, the genetically guided strategy was especially cost effective for Maoris ($NZ7312/QALY) and Pacific Islanders ($NZ7041/QALY). These results were robust to the sensitivity analysis, except the genetically guided strategy under the 15-month clinical trial event rate scenario ($NZ168 748/QALY) did not remain cost effective under a $NZ50 000 threshold. CONCLUSIONS: Use of a genetic test to guide thienopyridine treatment in patients with ACS is a potentially cost-effective treatment strategy, especially for Maoris and Pacific Islanders. This treatment strategy also has the potential to reduce ethnic health disparities that exist in New Zealand. However, the results comparing clopidogrel and prasugrel are sensitive to whether the genetic sub-studies or the overall TRITON-TIMI 38 rates are used. While the national hospital event rates may be more appropriate for the New Zealand population, many assumptions are required when they are used to adjust the genetic sub-studies rates. FAU - Panattoni, Laura
Platelet transfusion to reverse antiplatelet therapy before decompressive surgery in patients with intracranial haemorrhage.$$$ BACKGROUND: Platelet concentrates (PC) are transfused to improve primary haemostasis before urgent neurosurgery in patients with intracranial haemorrhage (ICH) receiving antiplatelet therapy (APT). It is unresolved, whether PCs increase the risk for major cardio- and cerebrovascular adverse events. We evaluated a standardized transfusion regimen to reverse APT in patients with ICH who required decompressive neurosurgery. METHODS: Analysed were consecutive patients between 2012 and 2014. The primary outcome was the frequency of new arterial thrombotic complications. The secondary outcome was the frequency of recurrent ICH. RESULTS: Of 72 patients, 14 received acetylsalicylic acid and a P2Y(12) inhibitor, 53 received acetylsalicylic acid and five clopidogrel. No acute coronary syndrome (95% CI: 0-5·07) and one ischaemic stroke occurred (1·4%; 95% CI: 0·25-7·46). In contrast, 26·4% of patients developed recurrent ICH (95% CI: 17·59-37·58). The risk of bleeding was significantly higher compared to the risk of arterial thrombosis (P < 0·00001) and was increased for patients with chronic ICH (OR: 4·78; 95% CI: 1·57-14·55) and those receiving clopidogrel (OR: 2·78; 95% CI: 0·90-8·57). CONCLUSION: Platelet concentrate transfusion before cranial decompressive surgery in patients with ICH complicating APT showed a low risk for cardio-cerebral thrombotic complications. However, the risk of rebleeding remains high, especially in patients with chronic ICH and those pretreated with clopidogrel.
The pharmacology of antiplatelet agents for primary, secondary, and tertiary prevention of ischemic stroke.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Ischemic etiology accounts for two thirds of all strokes in which platelet activation and aggregation play a major role. A variety of antiplatelet therapies have been tested for primary, secondary, and tertiary prevention, with certain patient subtypes benefiting more than others from a specific regimen. AREAS COVERED: This review aims at synthetizing current evidence on pharmacology of antiplatelet agents approved for primary, secondary, and tertiary stroke prevention and their application among possible patient subtypes that may benefit more from their administration. EXPERT OPINION: Management of ischemic stroke has largely evolved over the past decades. A better understanding of stroke pathophysiology has allowed to identify patients who can benefit most from antiplatelet therapies, with varying degrees of benefit depending on whether these agents are being used for primary, secondary, or tertiary prevention. Importantly, the antiplatelet treatment regimens currently available have expanded and no longer limited to aspirin but include other drugs such as P2Y(12) and phosphodiesterase inhibitors, also used in combination, as well as precision medicine approaches using genetic testing aiming at optimizing the safety and efficacy in this population. FAU - Laudani, Claudio
P2Y12 reaction units and ischemic and bleeding events after neuro-endovascular treatment.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: To investigate the associations of perioperative P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) measured using VerifyNow with ischemic and bleeding events, and to determine the PRU threshold in the setting of elective neuro-endovascular treatment (EVT) for intracranial/extracranial vascular disease in patients taking aspirin and clopidogrel. METHODS: Of the patients undergoing elective neuro-EVT while taking aspirin and clopidogrel, those taking both antiplatelet agents for 7 days or more and whose PRU and aspirin reaction units (ARU) were measured were included. The primary and safety outcomes were defined as symptomatic ischemic and major bleeding events within 30 days after EVT. RESULTS: A total of 197 patients were available for the analyses. Higher PRU was associated with symptomatic ischemic events on multivariable logistic analysis (odds ratio per 10 increase 1.14 [95% confidence interval 1.03-1.27], p=0.011). Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis showed that PRU ≥212 was the threshold to predict symptomatic ischemic events (area under the curve=0.73; sensitivity, 62.5%; specificity, 82.0%). Lower PRU was also associated with major bleeding events (odds ratio per 10 increase 0.87 [0.78-0.96], p=0.004), and the threshold to predict major bleeding events was PRU ≤46 (area under the curve=0.76; sensitivity, 70.0%; specificity, 87.2%) CONCLUSIONS: The PRU value was associated with symptomatic ischemic and major bleeding events after elective neuro-EVT in patients taking aspirin and clopidogrel. PRU ≥212 and PRU ≤46 appeared to be the threshold values to predict symptomatic ischemic and major bleeding events, respectively.
Pharmacogenomic considerations for antiplatelet agents: the era of precision medicine in stroke prevention and neurointerventional practice. LID - 10.1101/mcs.a003731 [doi] LID - a003731$$$ Antiplatelet drugs are widely utilized in the setting of primary stroke prevention, secondary stroke prevention, and neuroendovascular device-related stroke prevention. These medications are effective in general, although significant variability in drug activity exists between patients. Although this variation may be related in part to a multitude of factors, a growing body of evidence suggests that individual genotypes are a main contributor. The PharmGKB database was mined to prioritize genetic variants with potential clinical relevance for response to aspirin, clopidogrel, prasugrel, and ticagrelor. Although variants were reported for all drugs, the highest level of evidence was found in cytochrome P450 (CYP450) genotype variation related to clopidogrel response. Individual genetic influences have an impact on the pharmacodynamics of antiplatelet agents. Current clinical practice for stroke prevention is primarily empiric or guided by functional assays; however, there now exists a third potential pathway to base treatment decisions: genotype-guided treatment.
Platelet responsiveness to clopidogrel treatment after peripheral endovascular procedures: the PRECLOP study: clinical impact and optimal cutoff value of on-treatment high platelet reactivity.$$$ OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to assess the clinical implications and optimal cutoff value of high platelet reactivity (HPR) in patients receiving clopidogrel for peripheral endovascular procedures. BACKGROUND: As noted in coronary studies, HPR could be related to increased adverse events. METHODS: This prospective trial included patients receiving clopidogrel 75 mg daily, before and after infrainguinal angioplasty or stenting. Platelet inhibition was assessed with the VerifyNow P2Y12 point-of-care test. Primary endpoints were 1-year clinical events rate (composite endpoint of death, major stroke, major amputation, target vessel revascularization, and bypass) according to the P2Y12 reaction units (PRU)-based quartile distribution, the estimation of the optimal PRU cutoff value for predicting clinical outcome, and the identification of independent predictors influencing event-free survival. RESULTS: In total, 100 consecutive patients were enrolled. The 1-year cumulative events rate was 4% in the first quartile, 12% in the second, 52% in the third, and 84% in the fourth. Pairwise comparisons demonstrated a significant difference in the composite endpoint between successive quartiles (all p < 0.05 except for the first vs. second quartile). According to receiver-operating characteristic curve analysis, the optimal cutoff value for the composite endpoint was PRU ≥234 (area under the curve: 0.883; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.811 to 0.954; p < 0.0001; sensitivity: 92.1%; specificity: 84.2%). Cox multivariate regression analysis identified HPR (PRU ≥234) as the only independent predictor of an increased number of adverse events (hazard ratio: 16.9; 95% CI: 5 to 55; p < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: On-treatment HPR is associated with markedly increased adverse clinical events in patients undergoing peripheral endovascular procedures. Point-of-care clopidogrel assessment might be useful in individualizing antiplatelet therapy to attain superior clinical results. (High On-Treatment Platelet Reactivity Following Peripheral Endovascular Procedures [PRECLOP]; NCT01744613).
Effectiveness and Safety of Ticagrelor Implementation in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Cohort Study in Western Denmark.$$$ BACKGROUND: Ticagrelor was introduced in Denmark in 2011 after randomised data showed its superiority over clopidogrel for patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). We assessed the effectiveness and safety of ticagrelor implementation in ACS patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS: We identified PCI-treated ACS patients in Western Denmark who redeemed a P2Y12 inhibitor prescription within 14 days. Using Danish health registries, 1-year outcomes were compared before (2007-2010) and after (2012-2015) introduction of ticagrelor. Outcomes were MACE (death, myocardial infarction, and ischaemic stroke) and hospitalisation for bleeding. Inverse probability of treatment weights were used to estimate weighted incidence rate ratios (wIRRs). FINDINGS: We included 14,450 patients; 7,102 were treated in the earlier time period (99·9% clopidogrel) and 7,348 in the later time period (87·8% ticagrelor). Ticagrelor implementation was not associated with a clinically relevant difference in 1-year risk of MACE with 413 events in the ticagrelor period vs. 424 events in the clopidogrel period (cumulative incidence percentage [CIP] 5·6% vs. 6·0%; wIRR 1·06, 95% CI 0·92-1·22). The 1-year risk of bleeding was also similar between groups with 335 bleedings requiring hospitalisation in the ticagrelor period vs. 309 events in the clopidogrel period (CIP 4·6% vs. 4·4%; wIRR 1·05, 95% CI 0·89-1·23). Results were robust in patients above and below 70 years of age. INTERPRETATION: Implementation of ticagrelor was not associated with changes in risks of ischaemic or bleeding events in Danish PCI-treated ACS patients.
Lack of association between clopidogrel responsiveness tested using point-of-care assay and prognosis of patients with coronary artery disease.$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy is important treatment modality across the spectrum of coronary artery disease manifestations. However, a significant number of patients do not have a completely effective response to clopidogrel. This study assessed the impact of response after clopidogrel with Verify Now device on prognosis on patients undergoing coronary interventions. Consecutive patients following percutaneous coronary intervention were prospectively enrolled. A loading dose of 600 mg of clopidogrel was administered before or during PCI. Blood samples were drawn within 24 h after clopidogrel administration. The effect of clopidogrel was measured using VerifyNow. All patients were evaluated at 6 months. The primary end-point was the combination of death, MI and stroke. 378 patients (69.3 % men and 30.7 % women) were enrolled. The mean age was 67.2 ± 12.8 years, BMI 28.9 ± 17.7, and 116 patients had diabetes (30.7 %). During the 6-months follow-up 30 patients (7.94 %) experienced a monitored end-point: 12 patients (3.17 %) had MI; five patients (1.32 %) strokes and 15 patients (3.97 %) died. The remaining 248 patients (71.26 %) were end-point free. Factors associated with a poor prognosis were: leukocytes (OR 1.7 [1.2-2.4], p < 0.01), creatinine (OR 1.4 [1.1-2.5], p < 0.05) and at a borderline level the presence of AA allele of gene CYP2C19*2 (OR 2.5 [0.99-4.1], p = 0.052). The results using VerifyNow were similar between both groups (Group End-point: 208.5 ± 85.5, group No end-point 203.1 ± 91.3) and failed to show any prognostic value (OR 1.00 [0.992-1.007], p = 0.9). The measurement of clopidogrel efficacy using VerifyNow had no prognostic value for our unselected cohort of patients after PCI. FAU - Paulu, Petra
The role of triple antithrombotic therapy in patients with atrial fibrillation undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin plus clopidogrel forms the backbone of secondary prevention in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) or who undergo percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), but in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF), oral anticoagulation (OAC) is superior to antiplatelet therapy for the prevention of stroke and systemic embolism. Patients with AF who undergo PCI or have an ACS event therefore have an indication for both OAC and DAPT, so-called triple antithrombotic therapy. However, observational analyses have shown that the annual rate of major bleeding on triple therapy exceeds 10%. For this reason, five major randomized clinical trials have compared double antithrombotic therapy with OAC and a P2Y(12) inhibitor versus triple therapy in patients with AF who underwent PCI or had an ACS event. Each of the trials showed that double antithrombotic therapy reduced the rate of major and clinically relevant non-major bleeding compared with triple therapy and was non-inferior for prevention of ischemic events, including cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke. In the one trial that directly compared warfarin with a non-vitamin K antagonist oral anticoagulant (NOAC), apixaban reduced the rate of major or clinically relevant non-major bleeding compared with warfarin and was non-inferior with respect to prevention of ischemic events. As a result of these trials, consensus guidelines recommend that patients with AF who undergo PCI or have an ACS event should be treated with triple antithrombotic therapy (OAC + P2Y(12) inhibitor + aspirin) for 7 days or less, followed by double antithrombotic therapy (OAC + P2Y(12) inhibitor) for 6 to 12 months.
Long-term clinical outcome based on aspirin and clopidogrel responsiveness status after elective percutaneous coronary intervention: a 3T/2R (tailoring treatment with tirofiban in patients showing resistance to aspirin and/or resistance to clopidogrel) trial substudy.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to investigate the long-term outcome after elective percutaneous coronary intervention in low-risk patients screened for aspirin and/or clopidogrel responsiveness in the 3T/2R (Tailoring Treatment With Tirofiban in Patients Showing Resistance to Aspirin and/or Resistance to Clopidogrel) trial. BACKGROUND: The impact of aspirin and/or clopidogrel poor response on long-term outcome is debated. METHODS: Aspirin and clopidogrel response was measured with the VerifyNow system aspirin and P2Y12 assays. After percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), death, stroke, and myocardial infarction were assessed up to 1 year. RESULTS: Overall, 1,277 patients were screened, and 826 (65%) were treated with PCI. In all, 124 patients were found to be aspirin poor responders, and there were 179 clopidogrel poor responders (totally, 278 poor responders). The 1-year end point was significantly higher in poor responders as compared to full responders (15.8% vs. 8.6%, p=0.002), which is principally due to more myocardial infarction occurrence. At multivariable analysis, clopidogrel poor response emerged as an independent predictor (hazard ratio: 1.15, 95% confidence interval: 1.03 to 1.28). Receiver-operator characteristic analysis identifies≤23 of percentage of platelet inhibition and ≥208 of P2Y12 reactivity units as optimal cut offs to predict 1-year end point. Excluding periprocedural events, also peri-PCI myocardial infarction, which is strongly related to aspirin/clopidogrel poor response, was an independent predictor (hazard ratio: 1.25, 95% confidence interval: 1.14 to 1.37). Glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitor administration reduces this risk in poor responders (21.2% vs. 34.7%, p=0.02), but not in full responders (6.3% vs. 6.5%, p=0.8). CONCLUSIONS: Poor response to clopidogrel is an independent predictor of periprocedural myocardial infarction and worse 1-year outcome in low-risk patients undergoing PCI, whereas poor response to aspirin failed to predict a worse outcome. Contrary to what was observed in poor responders, glycoprotein IIb/IIa inhibitor therapy failed to provide a benefit in aspirin and/or clopidogrel full responders.
P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy and dual antiplatelet therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention: An updated meta-analysis of randomized trials.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Long-term dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) has substantially reduced the risk of post-percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) myocardial infarction and stent thrombosis at the expense of major bleeding. We hypothesized that a short-term DAPT followed by extended P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy might be appropriate for patients with both high ischemic and bleeding risks. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We searched the databases: Pubmed, EMBASE, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and ClinicalTrials.gov to identify randomized trials assessing the antiplatelet strategies after PCI. The primary safety endpoint was Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) type 3 or 5 bleeding. The efficacy outcome was a composite of all-cause mortality/cardiovascular disease (CVD) death, myocardial infarction, or stroke. A random-effect model was used to calculate the pooled hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). RESULTS: We identified 5 randomized trials comparing P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy with standard DAPT (12 months) (16,057 versus 16,088). P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy following short-term DAPT (1 to 3 months) significantly reduced the risk of BARC type 3 or 5 bleeding compared to standard DAPT (pooled HR: 0.63, 95%CI: 0.46-0.86). The difference between P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy and standard DAPT in reducing the composite CVD outcomes was not statistically significant (HR: 0.88, 95%CI: 0.77-1.01). CONCLUSIONS: P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy might be an effective strategy for lowering severe bleeding complications and simultaneously preserving the ischemic benefit in patients receiving PCI.
Comparison of ticagrelor and clopidogrel in anemic patients with acute coronary syndrome: efficacy and safety outcomes over one year.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This retrospective study aimed to investigate the potential impact of ticagrelor and clopidogrel treatment on cardiovascular outcomes in patients with anemia and acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and to provide insights into the optimal therapeutic approach for this vulnerable patient population. METHODS: A retrospective research design was employed, involving patients diagnosed with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) or non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) between 2014 and 2021. Inclusion criteria required a hemoglobin level below 12 mg/dL and a minimum 12-month P2Y12 inhibitor treatment. Comprehensive clinical, biochemical, and echocardiographic data were collected from the hospital's electronic repository. The primary efficacy endpoint was major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), encompassing total mortality, cardiovascular mortality, reinfarction, ischemic stroke, and hemorrhagic stroke. Major hemorrhage was the primary safety endpoint. Secondary outcomes included total mortality, cardiovascular mortality, reinfarction, ischemic stroke, and hemorrhagic stroke, individually. RESULTS: Patients treated with ticagrelor (n = 118) and clopidogrel (n = 538) were compared. No significant difference was observed in major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) and major bleeding between ticagrelor and clopidogrel treatment groups (MACE: clopidogrel 10.0% vs. ticagrelor 11.0%, p = 0.75; major bleeding: clopidogrel 2.8%, ticagrelor 2.5%, p = 0.88). Patients with hemoglobin levels ≤ 8 mg/dL demonstrated significantly higher MACE and major bleeding rates in the ticagrelor group (p = 0.008 and p = 0.002, respectively). Among patients aged ≥ 75 years, ticagrelor treatment was associated with a higher risk of major bleeding (p = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Ticagrelor and clopidogrel exhibited comparable efficacy and safety outcomes in anemic ACS patients over a one-year period. Although ticagrelor demonstrated superiority in reducing ischemic events, it is crucial to recognize the limitations of retrospective studies in informing clinical practice. This study offers valuable insights into tailoring antiplatelet therapy for anemic ACS patients and provides guidance for personalized treatment strategies, acknowledging the hypothesis-generating nature of retrospective analyses.
The roles and issues of P2Y12 percent inhibition assessed by VerifyNow assay for patients undergoing Neurointervention: a prospective study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Antiplatelet agents have an important role in the prevention of ischemic complications during endovascular treatment. The aim of this study was to identify correlations between the clinical outcomes of neurointervention. This study also aimed to determine the optimal cutoff for P2Y12 percent inhibition to prevent ischemic and bleeding complications and to confirm the accuracy of the cutoff value. METHODS: A prospective study was conducted for all patients (n = 66) who received antiplatelet therapy during neurointervention at Toyama University Hospital during a 25-month period. Platelet reactivity was measured before the procedure using the VerifyNow and filter pressure methods. The primary outcome was the 30-day incidence of adverse clinical events, defined as ischemic or bleeding events, in relation to P2Y12 percent inhibition distribution. RESULTS: Multivariate analysis showed that P2Y12 percent inhibition was an independent predictor for bleeding (P = .021, odds ratio [OR] = 3.45; 95% confidence interval [CI], 2.31-4.88) and ischemic (P = .045, OR = 3.63; 95% CI, 2.11-7.12) events. In receiver operating characteristic curve analysis, P2Y12 percent inhibition could significantly discriminate between patients with and without bleeding and ischemic events. The optimal cutoffs for bleeding (74%) and ischemic events (26%) were used to define 3 groups: those with poor response, sufficient response, and hyper-response. Ischemic and bleeding complications were significantly different among the 3 groups. CONCLUSIONS: Optimal threshold, measured using the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay, can be identified using specific thresholds (26% < percent inhibition < 74%) to define patients at lower risk for ischemic and bleeding events. The threshold for hyper-response can highly predict bleeding events in perioperative period. On the other hands, cutoff value for poor response may be affected by various factors.
Novel anti-platelet agents: focus on thrombin receptor antagonists.$$$ Platelets are the key in the pathogenesis of atherothrombotic disease such as acute coronary syndromes, stroke, and peripheral arterial disease. Current anti-platelet treatments are mainly based on inhibition of two important pathways of platelet activation: thromboxane A2 (TXA2) mediated (aspirin) and adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-P2Y12 receptor mediated (clopidogrel, prasugrel, and ticagrelor). Despite the dual anti-platelet therapy with aspirin and P2Y12 inhibitors have reduced ischemic events in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS), the rate of recurrent ischemic complication after ACS remains high. Combination of multiple anti-platelet agents is also associated with increased risk of bleeding. Thrombin is a potent platelet agonist and the increase of its activity has been reported in patients with ACS. Platelet effects of thrombin are mediated by protease-activated receptors (PAR), and PAR-1 is the most important receptor in human platelets. Two PAR-1 antagonists, vorapaxar and atopaxar, have undergone clinical investigation. In this review, we will describe the pharmacology of PAR-1 antagonists and will review and discuss results of randomized clinical trials with PAR-1 antagonists. FAU - de Souza Brito, Flavio
Antithrombotic Management for Atrial Fibrillation Patients Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention or With Acute Coronary Syndrome: An Evidence-Based Update.$$$ Combined antithrombotic regimens for atrial fibrillation (AF) patients with coronary artery disease, particularly for those who have acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and/or are undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), presents a great challenge in the real-world clinical scenario. Conventionally, a triple antithrombotic therapy (TAT), which consists of combined oral anticoagulant therapy to prevent systemic embolism or stroke along with dual antiplatelet therapy to prevent coronary arterial thrombosis (CAT), is used. However, TAT has been associated with a significantly increased risk of bleeding. With the emergence of non-vitamin K antagonist oral anticoagulants (NOACs), randomized controlled trials have demonstrated a better risk-to-benefit ratio of dual antithrombotic therapy (DAT) in combination of a NOAC and with a P2Y12 inhibitor than vitamin K antagonist-based TAT. The results of these studies have impacted the recommendations of current international guidelines, which favor a DAT with a NOAC and P2Y12 inhibitor (especially clopidogrel) in this clinical setting. Additionally, aspirin can be administered during the periprocedural period, while the treatment duration of TAT should be as short as possible. In this article, we summarize the up-to-date evidence regarding antithrombotic regimens for AF patients with PCI or ACS, with a specific focus on the optimal approach and critical discussions of key scientific data and future developments for antithrombotic management in these patients.
[The efficacy and safety of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in elderly patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention].$$$ Objective: To compare the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor and clopidogrel in elderly Chinese patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in the real world. Methods: This study is a post-hoc analysis of a single center, retrospective cohort study. Between March 2016 and March 2018, elderly (age≥65) ACS patients who underwent PCI in the General Hospital of Northern Theater Command were included in the study. The patients were grouped according to P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor. The primary endpoints of this study were ischemic events during the 2-year follow-up, which were defined as the composite of cardiac death, myocardial or stroke. The secondary efficiency endpoints included all-cause death and BARC 2, 3, 5 bleeding events. Results: A total of 4 022 elderly (mean age: (71.5±5.3) years) ACS patients were included in this study. Based on the choice of P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor, patients were divided into clopidogrel (n=3 201) and ticagrelor (n=821) groups. Incidences of ischemic events (3.2% (26/821) vs. 5.6% (179/3 201), P=0.005) at 2 years were significantly lower in ticagrelor group compared to clopidogrel group. BARC 2, 3, 5 bleeding events (1.7% (14/821) vs. 1.6% (52/3 201), P=0.818) were comparable between the two groups. The incidence of all-cause death (1.5% (12/821) vs. 4.1% (132/3 201), P=0.005) were also lower in the ticagrelor group compared to the clopidogrel group. Clinical outcomes were consistent after adjusting for confounding factors, the incidence of ischemic events (HR= 0.637, 95%CI 0.409-0.991, P=0.046) and all-cause mortality (HR=0.402, 95%CI 0.213-0.758, P=0.005) was significantly lower in the ticagrelor group compared with the clopidogrel group. Risk of BARC 2, 3, 5 bleeding events were similar between the two groups (HR=0.957, 95%CI 0.496-1.848, P=0.897). Conclusion: In real-world clinical practice, for elderly patients with ACS undergoing PCI, ticagrelor use might reduce the incidence of long-term ischemic events and all-cause death without increasing the risk of bleeding. FAU - Na, K
De-escalation from ticagrelor to clopidogrel in patients with acute myocardial infarction: the TALOS-AMI HBR substudy.$$$ BACKGROUND: The benefits of de-escalation of P2Y(12) inhibition after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) may differ by high bleeding risk (HBR) status. AIMS: We investigated the efficacy and safety of de-escalation from ticagrelor to clopidogrel after PCI by HBR status. METHODS: This is a non-prespecified post hoc analysis of the TicAgrelor Versus CLOpidogrel in Stabilized Patients with Acute Myocardial Infarction (TALOS-AMI) trial. Net adverse clinical events (a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, or Bleeding Academic Research Consortium [BARC] bleeding type 2, 3, or 5) at 1 year post-PCI were compared between the de-escalation (clopidogrel plus aspirin) and the active control (ticagrelor plus aspirin) groups by HBR status, as defined by the modification of the Academic Research Consortium (ARC) criteria. RESULTS: A total of 2,625 patients in the TALOS-AMI trial were analysed. Of these, 589 (22.4%) met the modified ARC-HBR criteria. The de-escalation group had lower primary endpoint rates than the control group in both HBR (hazard ratio [HR] 0.47, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.26-0.84) and non-HBR (HR 0.59, 95% CI: 0.41-0.84) patients. There were no differences in treatment effect for the primary endpoint regardless of HBR status (p for interaction=0.904). BARC bleeding type 3 or 5 was less common in the de-escalation than the control group among HBR patients only (HR 0.24, 95% CI: 0.07-0.84). CONCLUSIONS: In stabilised acute myocardial infarction patients, unguided de-escalation from ticagrelor to clopidogrel was associated with a lower rate of net adverse clinical outcomes irrespective of HBR status. The effect of de-escalation of P2Y(12) inhibition on reducing haemorrhagic events was greater in patients with HBR. FAU - Kim, Min Chul
Comparison of ticagrelor, the first reversible oral P2Y(12) receptor antagonist, with clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndromes: Rationale, design, and baseline characteristics of the PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Antiplatelet therapy is essential treatment for acute coronary syndromes (ACS). Current therapies, however, have important limitations affecting their clinical success. Ticagrelor, the first reversible oral P2Y(12) receptor antagonist, provides faster, greater, and more consistent adenosine diphosphate-receptor inhibition than clopidogrel. The phase III PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial is designed to test the hypothesis that ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel will result in a lower risk of recurrent thrombotic events in a broad patient population with ACS. METHODS: PLATO is an international, randomized, double-blind, event-driven trial involving >18,000 patients hospitalized for ST-elevation ACS with scheduled primary percutaneous coronary intervention or for non-ST-elevation ACS. After loading doses of ticagrelor 180 mg or clopidogrel 300 mg in a double-blind, double-dummy fashion (with provision for additional 300 mg clopidogrel at percutaneous coronary intervention), patients will receive ticagrelor 90 mg twice daily or clopidogrel 75 mg once daily for 6 to 12 months on top of acetylsalicylic acid. The primary efficacy end point is time to first occurrence of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke. The primary safety variable is PLATO-defined major bleeding. An extensive substudy program will explore the pathophysiology of ACS, indicators of prognosis and response to treatment, mechanisms of effect and safety of the study medications, health economics, and quality of life. CONCLUSION: The PLATO study will provide a pivotal comparison of the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor with those of clopidogrel in ACS patients, together with extensive information on treatment outcomes in different subsets of ACS in a broad patient population. FAU - James, Stefan
Ticagrelor or Clopidogrel Monotherapy vs Dual Antiplatelet Therapy After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Systematic Review and Patient-Level Meta-Analysis.$$$ IMPORTANCE: Among patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), it remains unclear whether the treatment efficacy of P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy after a short course of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) depends on the type of P2Y12 inhibitor. OBJECTIVE: To assess the risks and benefits of ticagrelor monotherapy or clopidogrel monotherapy compared with standard DAPT after PCI. DATA SOURCES: MEDLINE, Embase, TCTMD, and the European Society of Cardiology website were searched from inception to September 10, 2023, without language restriction. STUDY SELECTION: Included studies were randomized clinical trials comparing P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy with DAPT on adjudicated end points in patients without indication to oral anticoagulation undergoing PCI. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Patient-level data provided by each trial were synthesized into a pooled dataset and analyzed using a 1-step mixed-effects model. The study is reported following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Review and Meta-Analyses of Individual Participant Data. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary objective was to determine noninferiority of ticagrelor or clopidogrel monotherapy vs DAPT on the composite of death, myocardial infarction (MI), or stroke in the per-protocol analysis with a 1.15 margin for the hazard ratio (HR). Key secondary end points were major bleeding and net adverse clinical events (NACE), including the primary end point and major bleeding. RESULTS: Analyses included 6 randomized trials including 25 960 patients undergoing PCI, of whom 24 394 patients (12 403 patients receiving DAPT; 8292 patients receiving ticagrelor monotherapy; 3654 patients receiving clopidogrel monotherapy; 45 patients receiving prasugrel monotherapy) were retained in the per-protocol analysis. Trials of ticagrelor monotherapy were conducted in Asia, Europe, and North America; trials of clopidogrel monotherapy were all conducted in Asia. Ticagrelor was noninferior to DAPT for the primary end point (HR, 0.89; 95% CI, 0.74-1.06; P for noninferiority = .004), but clopidogrel was not noninferior (HR, 1.37; 95% CI, 1.01-1.87; P for noninferiority > .99), with this finding driven by noncardiovascular death. The risk of major bleeding was lower with both ticagrelor (HR, 0.47; 95% CI, 0.36-0.62; P < .001) and clopidogrel monotherapy (HR, 0.49; 95% CI, 0.30-0.81; P = .006; P for interaction = 0.88). NACE were lower with ticagrelor (HR, 0.74; 95% CI, 0.64-0.86, P < .001) but not with clopidogrel monotherapy (HR, 1.00; 95% CI, 0.78-1.28; P = .99; P for interaction = .04). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This systematic review and meta-analysis found that ticagrelor monotherapy was noninferior to DAPT for all-cause death, MI, or stroke and superior for major bleeding and NACE. Clopidogrel monotherapy was similarly associated with reduced bleeding but was not noninferior to DAPT for all-cause death, MI, or stroke, largely because of risk observed in 1 trial that exclusively included East Asian patients and a hazard that was driven by an excess of noncardiovascular death. FAU - Valgimigli, Marco
P2Y(12) inhibitor versus aspirin monotherapy for secondary prevention of cardiovascular events: meta-analysis of randomized trials.$$$ AIM: To compare the efficacy and safety of P2Y(12) inhibitor or aspirin monotherapy for secondary prevention in patients with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). METHODS AND RESULTS: Medline, Embase, and Cochrane Central databases were searched to identify randomized trials comparing monotherapy with a P2Y(12) inhibitor versus aspirin for secondary prevention in patients with ASCVD (cardiovascular, cerebrovascular, or peripheral artery disease). The primary outcome was major adverse cardiac events (MACE). Secondary outcomes were myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, all-cause mortality, and major bleeding. A random-effects model was used to calculate risk ratios (RR) and the corresponding 95% confidence interval (CI) and heterogeneity among studies was assessed using the Higgins I(2) value. A total of 9 eligible trials (5 with clopidogrel and 4 with ticagrelor) with 61 623 patients were included in our analyses. Monotherapy with P2Y(12) inhibitors significantly reduced the risk of MACE by 11% (0.89, 95% CI 0.84-0.95, I(2) = 0%) and MI by 19% (0.81, 95% CI 0.71-0.92, I2 = 0%) compared with aspirin monotherapy. There was no significant difference in the risk of stroke (0.85, 95% CI 0.73-1.01), or all-cause mortality (1.01, 95% CI 0.92-1.11). There was also no significant difference in the risk of major bleeding with P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy compared with aspirin (0.94, 95% CI 0.72-1.22, I(2) = 42.6%). Results were consistent irrespective of the P2Y(12) inhibitor used. CONCLUSION: P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy for secondary prevention is associated with a significant reduction in atherothrombotic events compared with aspirin alone without an increased risk of major bleeding.
P2Y12 Receptor Inhibitor for Antiaggregant Therapies: From Molecular Pathway to Clinical Application. LID - 10.3390/ijms25147575 [doi] LID - 7575$$$ Platelets play a significant role in hemostasis, forming plugs at sites of vascular injury to limit blood loss. However, if platelet activation is not controlled, it can lead to thrombotic events, such as myocardial infarction and stroke. To prevent this, antiplatelet agents are used in clinical settings to limit platelet activation in patients at risk of arterial thrombotic events. However, their use can be associated with a significant risk of bleeding. An enhanced comprehension of platelet signaling mechanisms should facilitate the identification of safer targets for antiplatelet therapy. Over the past decade, our comprehension of the breadth and intricacy of signaling pathways that orchestrate platelet activation has expanded exponentially. Several recent studies have provided further insight into the regulation of platelet signaling events and identified novel targets against which to develop novel antiplatelet agents. Antiplatelet drugs are essential in managing atherothrombotic vascular disease. The current antiplatelet therapy in clinical practice is limited in terms of safety and efficacy. Novel compounds have been developed in response to patient variability and resistance to aspirin and/or clopidogrel. Recent studies based on randomized controlled trials and systematic reviews have definitively demonstrated the role of antiplatelet therapy in reducing the risk of cardiovascular events. Antiplatelet therapy is the recommended course of action for patients with established atherosclerosis. These studies compared monotherapy with a P2Y12 inhibitor versus aspirin for secondary prevention. However, in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention, it is still unclear whether the efficacy of P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy after a short course of dual antiplatelet therapy depends on the type of P2Y12 inhibitor. This paper focuses on the advanced-stage evaluation of several promising antiplatelet drugs. FAU - Nappi, Francesco
Design and rationale for the Effects of Ticagrelor and Clopidogrel in Patients with Peripheral Artery Disease (EUCLID) trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Despite overwhelming data demonstrating the efficacy of antiplatelet therapy in heart disease and stroke, data in peripheral artery disease (PAD) are less compelling. Aspirin has modest evidence supporting a reduction in cardiovascular events in patients with PAD, whereas clopidogrel monotherapy may be more effective in PAD. Ticagrelor, a potent, reversibly binding P2Y12 receptor antagonist, is beneficial in patients with acute coronary syndrome and prior myocardial infarction. The EUCLID trial is designed to address the need for effective antiplatelet therapy in PAD to decrease the risk of cardiovascular events. STUDY DESIGN: EUCLID is a randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, multinational clinical trial designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel for the prevention of major adverse cardiovascular events in subjects with symptomatic PAD. Subjects with established PAD will be randomized in a 1:1 fashion to ticagrelor 90 mg twice daily or clopidogrel 75 mg daily. The primary end point is a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or ischemic stroke. Other end points address limb events including acute leg ischemia, need for revascularization, disease progression by ankle-brachial index, and quality of life. The primary safety objective is Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction-defined major bleeding. Recruitment began in December 2012 and was completed in March 2014; 13,887 patients were randomized. The trial will continue until at least 1,364 adjudicated primary end points occur. CONCLUSIONS: The EUCLID study is investigating whether treatment with ticagrelor versus clopidogrel, given as antiplatelet monotherapy, will reduce the incidence of cardiovascular and limb-specific events in patients with symptomatic PAD.
Prasugrel versus clopidogrel in acute coronary syndromes treated with PCI: Effects on clinical outcome according to culprit artery location.$$$ BACKGROUND: Acute coronary syndrome (ACS) mortality increases when the culprit lesion is in the left anterior descending (LAD) artery. We investigated the effects of prasugrel versus clopidogrel according to site of culprit lesion causing ACS treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in the TRITON-TIMI 38 study. METHODS: Patients were divided into three groups based on the native coronary artery culprit lesion location. The LAD artery group included also patients with the culprit lesion in the left main (LM) artery. RESULTS: In the whole ACS population, prasugrel recipients had lower rates of the primary endpoint that included cardiovascular (CV) death, non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI) or non-fatal stroke without significant differences across vessel groups. CV death was significantly decreased with prasugrel in the whole ACS population (p=0.03) and in ST-elevation MI (STEMI) patients undergoing primary PCI (p=0.04), with pronounced differences in favour of prasugrel versus clopidogrel when the LAD-LM was the culprit vessel (relative risk reduction 50% in the whole ACS population, 57% in STEMI treated with primary PCI, p for interaction 0.07 and 0.08 respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Prasugrel effects were particularly favourable when LAD-LM was the culprit vessel, resulting in CV mortality reduction in the whole ACS population and in STEMI patients when treated with primary PCI.
Ticagrelor or prasugrel versus clopidogrel in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention for chronic coronary syndromes.$$$ BACKGROUND: Potent P2Y(12) inhibitors such as ticagrelor and prasugrel are superior to clopidogrel in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Whether this benefit extends to a patient population with chronic coronary syndromes (CCS) is unclear. AIMS: We sought to compare the safety and efficacy of prasugrel and ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in patients undergoing PCI for CCS. METHODS: Consecutive patients undergoing PCI for CCS at a tertiary centre between 2014 and 2019 who were discharged on prasugrel or ticagrelor were compared with those on clopidogrel. The primary endpoint was the composite of death and myocardial infarction (MI), with secondary outcomes including rates of bleeding, stroke, and target vessel revascularisation at 1 year. RESULTS: Overall, 11,508 patients were included in the study (ticagrelor/prasugrel n=2,860 [24.9%], clopidogrel n=8,648 [75.1%]) with an increasing frequency of potent P2Y(12) inhibitor use over the study period (p(trend)<0.001). Clopidogrel was used more frequently in patients with multimorbid risk factors, whereas anatomical or procedural complexity was associated with ticagrelor/prasugrel use (left main PCI, bifurcation PCI, number of lesions, rotational atherectomy). No difference in the incidence of death or MI was noted across the groups (ticagrelor/prasugrel vs clopidogrel: 2.7% vs 3.1%, adjusted hazard ratio [adjHR] 0.86, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.62-1.17; p=0.33) or secondary outcomes including bleeding (adjHR 0.75, 95% CI: 0.46-1.21; p=0.23) on propensity score stratification analysis. Additionally, no difference in the primary outcome was observed across subgroups, including those undergoing complex PCI. CONCLUSIONS: Ticagrelor and prasugrel are increasingly used in patients with CCS undergoing PCI with similar 1-year efficacy and safety when compared to clopidogrel. Whether use of these agents can be beneficial in patients undergoing PCI for CCS with a high thrombotic and low bleeding risk warrants further study. FAU - Koshy, Anoop N
Vorapaxar with or without clopidogrel after non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes: results from the thrombin receptor antagonist for clinical event reduction in acute coronary syndrome trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Protease-activated receptor 1 antagonism with vorapaxar represents a novel strategy for platelet inhibition. In TRACER, vorapaxar was compared with placebo plus standard of care among 12,944 patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes. We anticipated that most patients would have received clopidogrel as part of standard care. We investigated the modification of vorapaxar's effect associated with clopidogrel use over time. METHODS: The marginal structural model method was used to estimate causal modification of vorapaxar effect by use of clopidogrel over time. The primary outcomes were the composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke and Global Use of Strategies to Open Occluded Coronary Arteries moderate or severe bleeding. The event accrual period excluded the time during which clopidogrel was clinically warranted. RESULTS: Among 12,887 patients who received study medication, 11,117 (86.3%) received clopidogrel before randomization, of whom 38.5% stopped later in the trial (median time to stoppage 200 days with placebo; interquartile range [IQR] 14-367) (186 days with vorapaxar; IQR 17-366). In total, 1,770 (13.7%) patients were not on clopidogrel at randomization, of whom 47.8% started afterward (median time to start 2 days; IQR 2-4). During the period of event accrual, vorapaxar was associated with a 26% reduction in the composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke when used with clopidogrel (hazard ratio [HR] 0.74; 95% CI 0.60-0.91) and a 24% reduction when used without clopidogrel (HR 0.76; 95% CI 0.56-1.02) (interaction; P = .89). The hazard of Global Use of Strategies to Open Occluded Coronary Arteries bleeding with vorapaxar was not significantly different without clopidogrel (HR 1.33; 95% CI 0.81-2.20) or with clopidogrel (HR 1.09; 95% CI 0.76-1.56) (interaction; P = .53). CONCLUSIONS: We observed no interaction between vorapaxar and clopidogrel after non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes on efficacy or safety outcomes, supporting a complementary role of protease-activated receptor 1 and P2Y12 antagonism.
Safety of Percutaneous Coronary Intervention Without P2Y12 Inhibitor Pretreatment From a Cohort of Unselected Patients.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Recent studies have challenged systematic pretreatment with a P2Y12 inhibitor before percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in elective and non-ST segment elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) patients. The aim of this study was to assess outcomes after performing PCI immediately after coronary angiography with an exclusive "on-the-table" P2Y12 inhibitor loading dose, by evaluating ischemic and bleeding complications in unselected patients. METHODS: Consecutive patients admitted for elective PCI or NSTEMI were included in this two-center, prospective, observational study, and received a P2Y12 inhibitor after coronary angiography when PCI was decided. The primary composite endpoint was first occurrence of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, urgent revascularization, or use of bail-out glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors at 30 days after PCI. Stent thrombosis and bleeding criteria (Bleeding Academic Research Consortium [BARC]) were evaluated. RESULTS: Among 299 included patients, a total of 188 were admitted for elective PCI and 111 for NSTEMI. The incidence of the primary endpoint was 8.5% (95% confidence interval [CI], 5.7-12.4). No definite stent thrombosis occurred. Three independent predictive factors were associated with the primary endpoint: NSTEMI setting (odds ratio [OR], 5.61; 95% CI, 1.75-17.98), thrombotic coronary lesion (OR, 4.26; 95% CI, 1.45-12.54), and longer procedure duration (OR, 1.06; 95% CI, 1.03-1.09). Clinically relevant bleedings (BARC 2, 3, or 5) occurred in 5.4% of patients. CONCLUSIONS: In an unselected population admitted for elective PCI or NSTEMI in real-world clinical practice, administration of a P2Y12 inhibitor only after coronary angiography is associated with a low rate of ischemic and bleeding events at 30 days. FAU - Lattuca, Benoit
Bleeding complications with clopidogrel or ticagrelor in ST-elevation myocardial infarction patients - A real life cohort study of two treatment strategies.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT), including potent P2Y12 inhibition after ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) is recommended in clinical guidelines. However, bleeding complications are common, and associated with worse outcomes. The aim of this study was to assess incidence of bleeding events with a clopidogrel-based compared to a ticagrelor-based DAPT strategy, in a real world population. Secondary aims were to assess ischemic complications and mortality. METHODS AND RESULTS: We identified 330 consecutive STEMI patients with a clopidogrel-based and 330 with a ticagrelor-based DAPT strategy. Patientś medical records were searched for bleeding and ischemic complications, over 6 months follow-up.The two groups were well balanced in baseline characteristics, age (69 years inboth groups), sex (31% vs 32% females), history of diabetes (19% vs 21%), hypertension (43% in both) and MI (17% vs 15%). There was no difference in CRUSADE bleeding score (28 vs 29). After discharge, there were more than twice as many bleeding events with a ticagrelor-based compared with a clopidogrel-based strategy (13.3% vs. 6.5%, p = 0.005). Bleeding events included significantly more severe bleeding complications (TIMI major/minor [5.8 vs 1.0, p = 0.001]) during the ticagrelor-based period. There was no significant difference in the composite of death, MI or stroke (7.8% vs 7.1%, p = 0.76). CONCLUSIONS: In this observational study, a ticagrelor-based DAPT strategy was associated with significantly more bleeding complications, without any significant change in death, MI or stroke. Larger studies are needed to determine whether bleeding complications off-sets benefits with a more potent DAPT strategy in older and more comorbid real-life patients.
Is there a clinically significant interaction between calcium channel antagonists and clopidogrel?: results from the Clopidogrel for the Reduction of Events During Observation (CREDO) trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel is an inactive prodrug; it is converted to its active metabolite through the cytochrome P450 (CYP3A4) pathway, which also metabolizes calcium channel blockers (CCBs). Several studies have reported that CCBs reduce the ability of clopidogrel to inhibit platelet aggregability; one suggested that CCBs reduce the efficacy of clopidogrel. METHODS AND RESULTS: We performed a post hoc analysis of the Clopidogrel for the Reduction of Events During Observation (CREDO) study to compare the treatment effect of clopidogrel in patients on CCBs versus not on CCBs. In CREDO, 2116 patients were randomly assigned to pretreatment with 300 mg clopidogrel 3-24 hours before a planned percutaneous coronary intervention followed by 1 year of 75 mg/d clopidogrel, versus 75 mg clopidogrel at the time of the procedure and continued for 28 days only. The primary end points were a combined end point of death, myocardial infarction, and stroke at 28 days and 1 year. Among the 580 patients (27%) on CCBs at enrollment, at 28 days, the combined end point was reached in 17 patients (6%) on clopidogrel versus 28 (9%) on placebo (hazard ratio [HR], 0.71; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.39-1.29). At 1 year, the combined end point was reached in 27 patients (10%) on clopidogrel versus 46 (15%) on placebo (HR, 0.68; 95% CI, 0.42-1.09). The treatment effect of clopidogrel was similar in patients not on CCBs at 1 year (HR, 0.78; 95% CI, 0.56-1.09). After adjustment for differences between patients on and not on CCB, there was still no evidence of an interaction between clopidogrel treatment and CCB (HR for patients not on CCBs, 0.87; 95% CI, 0.62-1.23; HR for patients on CCBs, 0.74; 95% CI, 0.45-1.21). CONCLUSIONS: In CREDO, there was no evidence that CCBs decrease the efficacy of clopidogrel. FAU - Good, Christopher W
Ticagrelor versus Clopidogrel in the Dual Antiplatelet Regimen for Intracranial Stenting or Flow-Diverter Treatment for Unruptured Cerebral Aneurysms: A Single-Center Cohort Study.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Ticagrelor is a novel P2Y12 antagonist, and little is known about its efficacy and safety in the endovascular treatment of aneurysms. This study evaluated the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel for stent-assisted coiling or flow-diversion treatment in patients with unruptured cerebral aneurysms. MATERIALS AND METHODS: From November 2003 to February 2019, two hundred one patients (mean age, 57.5 years; 156 women) with 233 unruptured aneurysms underwent stent-assisted coiling or flow-diversion treatment. All patients received antiplatelet therapy of aspirin plus clopidogrel (clopidogrel group, 121 patients with 140 aneurysms) or aspirin plus ticagrelor (ticagrelor group, 80 patients with 93 aneurysms). The clinical and radiologic data in each group were retrospectively reviewed and compared. RESULTS: Two hundred thirty-six procedures were performed, including stent-assisted coiling (n = 101) and flow diversion (n = 135). At 90 days, the primary outcome-a composite of any stroke and death-occurred in 9.9% of the clopidogrel group and 8.6% of the ticagrelor group (P = .822). Ischemic stroke occurred in 10 (7.0%) of the clopidogrel group and 7 (7.5%) of the ticagrelor group (P > .999). Disabling stroke occurred in 4 (2.8%) in the clopidogrel group and in 4 (4.3%) in the ticagrelor group (P = .716). Ninety-day death occurred in 3 (2.1%) in the clopidogrel group and 1 (1.1%) in the ticagrelor group (P > .999). Any bleeding at 90 days occurred in 13 (9.2%) in the clopidogrel group and 6 (6.5%) in the ticagrelor group (P = .479). CONCLUSIONS: Ticagrelor appears to be as effective and safe as clopidogrel in stent-assisted coiling or flow-diversion treatment for unruptured cerebral aneurysms.
Impact of Platelet Endothelial Aggregation Receptor-1 Genotypes on Platelet Reactivity and Early Cardiovascular Outcomes in Patients Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention and Treated With Aspirin and Clopidogrel.$$$ BACKGROUND: The genetic determinants of response to clopidogrel and aspirin are incompletely characterized. Recently, PEAR1 (platelet endothelial aggregation receptor-1) rs12041331 polymorphism has been shown to influence the platelet reactivity, but its impact on cardiovascular outcomes remains unclear in patients treated with antiplatelet agents. METHODS AND RESULTS: In this prospective cohort study, 2439 Chinese patients with acute coronary syndrome or stable coronary artery disease undergoing coronary stent implantation and receiving clopidogrel and aspirin were consecutively recruited. Their platelet reactivity was determined by light transmission aggregometry at 5 and 30 days after coronary intervention. Genotyping was performed using an improved multiplex ligation detection reaction technique. All patients completed a 30-day follow-up for clinical outcomes. Genotyping for PEAR1 showed 768 (38.3%) GG homozygotes, 941 (46.9%) GA heterozygotes, and 298 (14.8%) AA homozygotes. The 30-day incidence of major adverse cardiovascular events, the composite of cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, and ischemic stroke were significantly higher in AA homozygotes than in non-AA homozygotes (adjusted hazard ratio, 2.78; 95% CI, 1.13-6.82; P=0.026), irrespective of CYP2C19*2 loss-of-function polymorphism and known outcome predictors including age, sex, smoking, and diabetes mellitus. The ADP-induced platelet aggregation was significantly lower in AA homozygotes than that in GG homozygotes at both time points, although no significant difference was found for the arachidonic acid-induced platelet aggregation among the 3 groups. CONCLUSIONS: About 15% of Chinese patients undergoing coronary stent implantation were AA homozygotes for PEAR1 rs12041331. These patients had ≈3-fold increase in short-term major adverse cardiovascular events risk compared with non-AA homozygotes, and the adverse clinical outcome is unlikely to be mediated by suboptimal pharmacological response to aspirin or clopidogrel. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov . Unique identifier: NCT01968499. FAU - Xu, Ke
Clinical evidence for anti-inflammatory effects of antiplatelet therapy in patients with atherothrombotic disease.$$$ Recent advances in our understanding of cardiovascular disease have revealed that atherothrombotic events, such as myocardial infarction and ischemic stroke, are the end result of a complex inflammatory response to multifaceted vascular pathology. As well as initiating thrombus formation at the site of a ruptured atherosclerotic plaque, platelets play a key role in vascular inflammation, through release of their own pro-inflammatory mediators and interactions with other relevant cell types (endothelial cells, leukocytes, and smooth muscle cells). An increasing body of literature shows that inflammatory biomarkers can be used to predict atherothrombotic risk and that antiplatelet therapy may reduce the levels of these markers. Acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) has been attributed with reducing levels of the transcription factor nuclear factor kappaB (NF-kappaB), C-reactive protein, and soluble CD40 ligand, although the evidence relating to the latter two markers is conflicting. There is also substantial evidence that therapy with clopidogrel, a specific antagonist of the platelet P2Y12 ADP-receptor, also leads to reductions in serum levels of CD40 ligand, C-reactive protein, P-selectin, and platelet-leukocyte aggregate formation. Beneficial effects of clopidogrel on inflammatory markers have been demonstrated across the spectrum of atherothrombotic disease (acute coronary syndrome patients, patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), acute ischemic stroke patients, and those with peripheral arterial disease). Oral glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIa receptor antagonists, at doses that achieve moderate levels of receptor blockade, may paradoxically be associated with platelet-mediated pro-inflammatory effects. A similar phenomenon has been observed with intravenous GP IIb/IIIa antagonists in vitro, but most often at low doses, and data from clinical studies suggest that these agents may actually attenuate release of inflammatory mediators when administered at doses producing more complete receptor blockade. FAU - Steinhubl, Steven R
Single or dual antiplatelet therapy after transcatheter aortic valve replacement: an updated systemic review and meta-analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Although current guidelines recommend dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin and clopidogrel as an antiplatelet strategy after transcatheter aortic valve replacement (TAVR), it is not based on clinical evidence. Here we aim to review updated evidence systemically and assess safety and efficacy of the two antiplatelet regimens. METHODS: PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) were searched to retrieve studies involving single antiplatelet therapy (SAPT) versus DAPT after TAVR. We screened the records and extracted the data from publications independently. Relative risks (RRs) and the corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were used to compare the efficacy and safety of SAPT with that of DAPT in fixed-effects model with Mantel-Haenszel method. The quality of evidence was assessed by the scoring system, GRADE (Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation). RESULTS: A total of 2,489 patients from 8 studies were enrolled in this meta-analysis. Compared with DAPT, SAPT was associated with a lower all-cause mortality (RR =0.57; 95% CI, 0.36-0.89; P=0.014) and major/life-threatening bleeding (RR =0.62; 95% CI, 0.50-0.76; P=0.000) in 30 days. Furthermore, there was no significant difference found between SAPT and DAPT group in terms of 30-day stroke (RR =0.85; 95% CI, 0.45-1.63; P=0.631) and death beyond 3 months (RR =0.96; 95% CI, 0.81-1.15; P=0.664). CONCLUSIONS: This meta-analysis suggests that compared with DAPT, SAPT after TAVR is more likely to lead to a decline of 30-day mortality along with the reduced risk of bleeding and no increased risk of stroke. However, more clinical data and evidence from randomized controlled trials are warranted to clarify the optimal post-TAVR antiplatelet strategy. FAU - Zuo, Wenjie
Aspirin versus Clopidogrel Monotherapy After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: 1-Year Follow-up of the STOPDAPT-3 Trial. LID - ehae617 [pii] LID - 10.1093/eurheartj/ehae617 [doi]$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: There was no previous trial comparing aspirin monotherapy with a P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy following short dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with drug-eluting stents (DES). METHODS: In the STOPDAPT-3, patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) or high bleeding risk (HBR) were randomly assigned to either 1-month DAPT with aspirin and prasugrel followed by aspirin monotherapy (aspirin group) or 1-month prasugrel monotherapy followed by clopidogrel monotherapy (clopidogrel group). This secondary analysis compared aspirin monotherapy with clopidogrel monotherapy by the 30-day landmark analysis. The co-primary endpoints were the cardiovascular endpoint defined as a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, definite stent thrombosis, or ischaemic stroke, and the bleeding endpoint defined as Bleeding Academic Research Consortium 3 or 5. RESULTS: Of 6002 assigned patients, 5833 patients (aspirin group: N = 2920 and clopidogrel group: N = 2913) were included in the 30-day landmark analysis. Median age was 73 (interquartile range 64-80) years, women 23.4%, ACS 74.6%, and HBR 54.1%. The assigned monotherapy was continued at 1 year in 87.5% and 87.2% in the aspirin and clopidogrel groups, respectively. The incidence rates beyond 30 days and up to 1 year were similar between the aspirin and clopidogrel groups for both cardiovascular endpoint (4.5 and 4.5 per 100 person-year, hazard ratio [HR] 1.00 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.77-1.30], P = .97), and bleeding endpoint (2.0 and 1.9, HR 1.02 [95% CI 0.69-1.52], P = .92). CONCLUSIONS: Aspirin monotherapy compared to clopidogrel monotherapy was associated with similar cardiovascular and bleeding outcomes beyond 1 month and up to 1 year after PCI with DES.
Oral antithrombotic therapy in atrial fibrillation associated with acute or chronic coronary artery disease.$$$ Randomized controlled trials have demonstrated benefits from antithrombotic therapies for coronary artery disease (primary prevention, stable coronary artery disease, acute coronary syndromes, and percutaneous intervention) and for atrial fibrillation. The regimens with the optimal balance of efficacy and safety with coronary artery disease depend on the particular clinical manifestation, with atrial fibrillation on the risk of stroke, and with both conditions on the competing risk of major bleeding with the chosen antithrombotic therapy. The antithrombotic agents include aspirin, P2Y12 receptor inhibitors (clopidogrel, prasugrel, and ticagrelor) and oral anticoagulants (warfarin and the novel oral anticoagulants, dabigatran, rivaroxaban, and apixaban). Atrial fibrillation and coronary artery disease often occur in the same patient and require decisions as to what individual or combination of antithrombotic therapies are necessary to provide optimal protection against coronary events and stroke, and cause as little bleeding as possible. Practice guidelines now recommend oral anticoagulant therapy for most patients with atrial fibrillation and consideration of "triple therapy" (oral anticoagulant and aspirin and clopidogrel) when there is a concomitant acute coronary syndrome or stent placement, though acknowledging the risks of major bleeding. In the absence of definitive trials of combination therapies, such practice guidelines are based on extrapolations from randomized trials and observational data.
Aspirin Dosing for Secondary Prevention of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in Patients Treated With P2Y12 Inhibitors.$$$ Background The ADAPTABLE (Aspirin Dosing: A Patient-Centric Trial Assessing Benefits and Long-Term Effectiveness) was a large, pragmatic, randomized controlled trial that found no difference between high- versus low-dose aspirin for secondary prevention of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Whether concomitant P2Y12 inhibitor therapy modifies the effect of aspirin dose on clinical events remains unclear. Methods and Results Participants in ADAPTABLE were stratified according to baseline use of clopidogrel or prasugrel (P2Y12 group). The primary effectiveness end point was a composite of death, myocardial infarction, or stroke; and the primary safety end point was major bleeding requiring blood transfusions. We used multivariable Cox regression to compare the relative effectiveness and safety of aspirin dose within P2Y12 and non-P2Y12 groups. Of 13 815 (91.6%) participants with available data, 3051 (22.1%) were receiving clopidogrel (2849 [93.4%]) or prasugrel (203 [6.7%]) at baseline. P2Y12 inhibitor use was associated with higher risk of the primary effectiveness end point (10.86% versus 6.31%; adjusted hazard ratio [HR], 1.40 [95% CI, 1.22-1.62]) but was not associated with bleeding (0.95% versus 0.53%; adjusted HR, 1.42 [95% CI, 0.91-2.22]). We found no interaction in the relative effectiveness and safety of high- versus low-dose aspirin by P2Y12 inhibitor use. Overall, dose switching or discontinuation was more common in the high-dose compared with low-dose aspirin group, but the pattern was not modified by P2Y12 inhibitor use. Conclusions In this prespecified analysis of ADAPTABLE, we found that the relative effectiveness and safety of high- versus low-dose aspirin was not modified by baseline P2Y12 inhibitor use. Registration https://www.clinical.trials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT02697916. FAU - Girotra, Saket
Stroke Prevention: Little-Known and Neglected Aspects.$$$ Combining available therapies has the potential to reduce the risk of stroke by 80% or more. A comprehensive review of all aspects of stroke prevention would be very lengthy; in this narrative review, we focus on some aspects of stroke prevention that are little-known and/or neglected. These include the following: (1) implementation of a Mediterranean diet; (2) B vitamins to lower homocysteine; (3) coordinated approaches to smoking cessation; (4) intensive lipid-lowering therapy; (5) lipid lowering in the elderly; (6) physiologically individualized therapy for hypertension based on renin/aldosterone phenotyping; (7) avoiding excessive blood pressure reduction in patients with stiff arteries; (8) treatment of insulin resistance with pioglitazone in stroke patients with prediabetes and diabetes; (9) impaired activation of clopidogrel in patients with variants of CYP2C19; (10) aspirin pseudoresistance due to enteric coating; (11) rationale for anticoagulation in patients with embolic stroke of unknown source; (12) pharmacologic properties of direct-acting oral anticoagulants that should be considered when choosing among them; (13) the identification of which patients with asymptomatic carotid stenosis are at a high enough risk to benefit from carotid endarterectomy or stenting; and (14) the importance of age in choosing between endarterectomy and stenting. Stroke prevention could be improved by better recognition of these issues and by implementation of the principles derived from them.
Comparison of Unguided De-Escalation Versus Guided Selection of Dual Antiplatelet Therapy After Acute Coronary Syndrome: A Systematic Review and Network Meta-Analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: The benefit of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) for reducing ischemic events is greatest in the early period of acute coronary syndrome, and recent randomized controlled trials have investigated the unguided de-escalation strategy of changing potent P2Y(12) inhibitors to less potent or reduced-dose P2Y(12) inhibitors 1 month after acute coronary syndrome. However, it remains unclear which strategy is more effective and safer: the uniform unguided de-escalation strategy versus the personalized guided selection of DAPT with genotype or platelet function tests. METHODS: PubMed, EMBASE, and Cochrane Central were searched for articles published from database inception to September 10, 2021. Randomized controlled trials investigating DAPT using clopidogrel, low-dose prasugrel, standard-dose prasugrel, ticagrelor, unguided de-escalation strategy, and guided selection strategy for patients with acute coronary syndrome were included. Hazard ratios and relative risk estimates were extracted from each study. The estimates were pooled using a random-effects network meta-analysis. The primary efficacy outcome was major adverse cardiovascular events, defined as a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke. The primary safety outcome was major or minor bleeding. Secondary outcomes were all-cause death, cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, and major bleeding. RESULTS: This study included 19 randomized controlled trials with 69 746 patients. Compared with guided selection of DAPT, unguided de-escalation of DAPT was associated with a decreased risk of the primary safety outcome (hazard ratio, 0.48 [95% CI, 0.33-0.72]) without increased risks of major adverse cardiovascular events (hazard ratio, 0.82 [95% CI, 0.53-1.28]) or any secondary outcomes. The results were similar when the guided selection strategy was divided into platelet function-guided and genotype-guided strategies. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with guided selection of DAPT, unguided de-escalation of DAPT decreased bleeding without increasing ischemic events in patients after acute coronary syndrome. If a strategy of de-escalation is chosen, these findings do not support the routine use of personalized guiding tests. REGISTRATION: URL: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/; Unique identifier: CRD42021273082. FAU - Kuno, Toshiki
Compared efficacy of clopidogrel and ticagrelor in treating acute coronary syndrome: a meta-analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: Ticagrelor has been acknowledged as a new oral antagonist of P2Y12-adenosine diphosphate receptor, as a strategy with more rapid onset as well as more significant platelet inhibition function in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients. The clinical benefit of ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel remains controversial. The current meta-analysis was conducted to better evaluate the role of ticagrelor in comparison of clopidogrel in treating ACS patients. METHODS: The publications involving the safety as well as the efficacy of clopidogrel versus ticagrelor were screened and identified updated to June 2018. After rigorous review, eligible randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were extracted and propensity score matching (PSM) analysis was conducted. To analyze the summary odds ratios (ORs) of the endpoints of interest, we applied Meta-analysis Revman 5.3 software. RESULTS: There were a total of 10 studies that met our inclusion criteria, of which the risk of bleeding rate (P = 0.43), MI (P = 0.14), and stroke (P = 0.70) had no association with significant differences between patients receiving ticagrelor or clopidogrel. Nonetheless, higher rate of dyspnea was observed in ticagrelor group (OR = 1.87, 95% CI: 1.70-2.05, P<0.00001 = . CONCLUSIONS: Our present findings suggest similar efficacy and safety profiles for clopidogrel and ticagrelor Ticagrelor should be considered as a valuable option to reduce the risk of bleeding, MI and stroke, whereas potentially increases the incidence of dyspnea. Given the metabolic process, ticagrelor may be a valid and even more potent antiplatelet drug than clopidogrel, as an alternative strategy in treating patients with clopidogrel intolerance or resistance. FAU - Wang, Dong
The impact of renal function on platelet reactivity and clinical outcome in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with stenting.$$$ Patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Previous studies have suggested that patients with CKD have less therapeutic benefit of antiplatelet therapy. However, the relation between renal function and platelet reactivity is still under debate. On-treatment platelet reactivity was determined in parallel by ADP- and AA-induced light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) and the VerifyNow® System (P2Y12 and Aspirin) in 988 patients on dual antiplatelet therapy, undergoing elective coronary stenting. Patients were divided into two groups according to the presence or absence of moderate/severe CKD (GFR<60 ml/min/1.73 m²). Furthermore, the incidence of all-cause death, non-fatal acute myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis and stroke at one-year was evaluated. Patients with CKD (n=180) had significantly higher platelet reactivity, regardless of the platelet function test used. Patients with CKD more frequently had high on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity (HCPR) and high on-aspirin platelet reactivity (HAPR) regardless of the platelet function test used. After adjustment for potential confounders, this was no longer significant. The event-rate was the highest in patients with both high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR) and CKD compared to those with neither high on-treatment platelet reactivity nor CKD. In conclusion, the magnitude of platelet reactivity as well as the incidence of HPR was higher in patients with CKD. However, since the incidence of HPR was similar after adjustment, a higher rate of co-morbidities in patients with CKD might be the major cause for this observation rather than CKD itself. CKD-patients with HCPR were at the highest risk of long-term cardiovascular events. FAU - Breet, N J
Within and beyond 12-month efficacy and safety of antithrombotic strategies in patients with established coronary artery disease: two companion network meta-analyses of the 2022 joint clinical consensus statement of the European Association of Percutaneous Cardiovascular Interventions (EAPCI), European Association for Acute CardioVascular Care (ACVC), and European Association of Preventive Cardiology (EAPC).$$$ AIMS: To appraise all available antithrombotic treatments within or after 12 months following coronary revascularization and/or acute coronary syndrome in two network meta-analyses. METHODS AND RESULTS: Forty-three (N = 189 261 patients) trials within 12 months and 19 (N = 139 086 patients) trials beyond 12 months were included for efficacy/safety endpoints appraisal. Within 12 months, ticagrelor 90 mg bis in die (b.i.d.) [hazard ratio (HR), 0.66; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.49-0.88], aspirin and ticagrelor 90 mg (HR, 0.85; 95% CI, 0.76-0.95), or aspirin, clopidogrel and rivaroxaban 2.5 mg b.i.d. (HR, 0.66; 95% CI, 0.51-0.86) were the only treatments associated with lower cardiovascular mortality, compared with aspirin and clopidogrel, without or with greater bleeding risk for the first and the other treatment options, respectively. Beyond 12 months, no strategy lowered mortality; compared with aspirin; the greatest reductions of myocardial infarction (MI) were found with aspirin and clopidogrel (HR, 0.68; 95% CI, 0.55-0.85) or P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy (HR, 0.76; 95% CI: 0.61-0.95), especially ticagrelor 90 mg (HR, 0.54; 95% CI, 0.32-0.92), and of stroke with VKA (HR, 0.56; 95% CI, 0.44-0.76) or aspirin and rivaroxaban 2.5 mg (HR, 0.58; 95% CI, 0.44-0.76). All treatments increased bleeding except P2Y12 monotherapy, compared with aspirin. CONCLUSION: Within 12 months, ticagrelor 90 mg monotherapy was the only treatment associated with lower mortality, without bleeding risk trade-off compared with aspirin and clopidogrel. Beyond 12 months, P2Y12 monotherapy, especially ticagrelor 90 mg, was associated with lower MI without bleeding trade-off; aspirin and rivaroxaban 2.5 mg most effectively reduced stroke, with a more acceptable bleeding risk than VKA, compared with aspirin.Registration URL: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/; Unique identifiers: CRD42021243985 and CRD42021252398.
Determinants of agreement between proposed therapeutic windows of platelet function tests in vulnerable patients.$$$ AIMS: Therapeutic windows for residual platelet reactivity in patients with coronary artery disease on P2Y12 inhibitors were proposed in a consensus document. We aimed to explore the level of agreement between windows for different platelet function tests (PFTs) used to classify patients in low, optimal, and high on-treatment platelet reactivity categories, and to identify variables contributing to the level of agreement. METHODS AND RESULTS: In this explorative clinical study, the VerifyNow P2Y12, Multiplate adenosine diphosphate (ADP), and light transmission aggregometry (LTA) 20 μmol/L ADP were performed simultaneously in 145 consecutive vulnerable patients. Measurements were performed within 6 months of percutaneous intervention. Patients were considered vulnerable if they had ≥2 risk factors for bleeding or ischaemic events. Window-agreement between PFT pairs was slight to moderate. Multiplate-VerifyNow agreed in 72 patients (50%), κ = 0.41; VerifyNow-LTA agreed in 76 patients (52%), κ = 0.36; and LTA-Multiplate agreed in 64 patients (44%), κ = 0.20. Several variables including the type of P2Y12 inhibitor, aspirin, haemoglobin level, platelet count, age, and previous stroke significantly influenced agreement between PFTs. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that the PFTs, with accompanying therapeutic windows, are not interchangeable when determining the response to antiplatelet therapy in vulnerable coronary artery disease patients on P2Y12 inhibitors. Hence, the type of PFT can directly affect the treatment strategy, which may be especially relevant for patients with multiple factors influencing individual PFTs and thereby test agreement.
Antithrombotic Therapy: Prevention and Treatment of Atherosclerosis and Atherothrombosis. BTI - Prevention and Treatment of Atherosclerosis: Improving State-of-the-Art Management and Search for Novel Targets$$$ Atherosclerosis is a multifactorial vascular disease that develops in the course of a lifetime. Numerous risk factors for atherosclerosis have been identified, mostly inflicting pro-inflammatory effects. Vessel injury, such as occurring during erosion or rupture of atherosclerotic lesions triggers blood coagulation, in attempt to maintain hemostasis (protect against bleeding). However, thrombo-inflammatory mechanisms may drive blood coagulation such that thrombosis develops, the key process underlying myocardial infarction and ischemic stroke (not due to embolization from the heart). In the blood coagulation system, platelets and coagulation proteins are both essential elements. Hyperreactivity of blood coagulation aggravates atherosclerosis in preclinical models. Pharmacologic inhibition of blood coagulation, either with platelet inhibitors, or better documented with anticoagulants, or both, limits the risk of thrombosis and may potentially reverse atherosclerosis burden, although the latter evidence is still based on animal experimentation. Patients at risk of atherothrombotic complications should receive a single antiplatelet agent (acetylsalicylic acid, ASA, or clopidogrel); those who survived an atherothrombotic event will be prescribed temporary dual antiplatelet therapy (ASA plus a P2Y12 inhibitor) in case of myocardial infarction (6-12 months), or stroke (<6 weeks), followed by a single antiplatelet agent indefinitely. High risk for thrombosis patients (such as those with peripheral artery disease) benefit from a combination of an anticoagulant and ASA. The price of gained efficacy is always increased risk of (major) bleeding; while tailoring therapy to individual needs may limit the risks to some extent, new generations of agents that target less critical elements of hemostasis and coagulation mechanisms are needed to maintain efficacy while reducing bleeding risks.
Antiplatelet drugs: which targets for which treatments?$$$ The current standard care for acute coronary syndromes is dual antiplatelet therapy combining the COX1 inhibitor aspirin with a drug targeting the P2Y12 receptor, together with anticoagulation during and after early revascularization by percutaneous intervention. In very high-risk patients, glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIa antagonists may also be used. Secondary prevention of ischemic events requires dual antiplatelet therapy for several months followed by lifelong low-dose aspirin. The duration of treatment and the drugs to combine nevertheless remain matters of debate and the focus of ongoing research. Despite great progress, there is still room for improved efficacy and this could involve new targets for both antiplatelet drugs (like the thrombin receptor PAR1) and anticoagulants. However, improved efficacy is offset by an increased risk of bleeding. Stroke patients are still waiting for better treatment, their bleeding risk being particularly high. New targets including the collagen receptor, glycoprotein VI (GPVI), and the GPIb-von Willebrand factor axis, governing platelet interaction with the diseased vessel wall, should enable us to complete the armamentarium of antiplatelet drugs.
The current status and outcomes of in-hospital P2Y12 receptor inhibitor switching in Korean patients with acute myocardial infarction.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: While switching strategies of P2Y12 receptor inhibitors (RIs) have sometimes been used in acute myocardial infarction (AMI) patients, the current status of in-hospital P2Y12RI switching remains unknown. METHODS: Overall, 8,476 AMI patients who underwent successful revascularization from Korea Acute Myocardial Infarction Registry-National Institute of Health (KAMIR-NIH) were divided according to in-hospital P2Y12RI strategies, and net adverse cardiovascular events (NACEs), defined as a composite of cardiac death, non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, or thrombolysis in myocardial infarction (TIMI) major bleeding during hospitalization were compared. RESULTS: Patients with in-hospital P2Y12RI switching accounted for 16.5%, of which 867 patients were switched from clopidogrel to potent P2Y12RI (C-P) and 532 patients from potent P2Y12RI to clopidogrel (P-C). There were no differences in NACEs among the unchanged clopidogrel, the unchanged potent P2Y12RIs, and the P2Y12RI switching groups. However, compared to the unchanged clopidogrel group, the C-P group had a higher incidence of non-fatal MI, and the P-C group had a higher incidence of TIMI major bleeding. In clinical events of in-hospital P2Y12RI switching, 90.9% of non-fatal MI occurred during pre-switching clopidogrel administration, 60.7% of TIMI major bleeding was related to pre-switching P2Y12RIs, and 71.4% of TIMI major bleeding was related to potent P2Y12RIs. Only 21.6% of the P2Y12RI switching group switched to P2Y12RIs after a loading dose (LD); however, there were no differences in clinical events between patients with and without LD. CONCLUSION: In-hospital P2Y12RI switching occurred occasionally, but had relatively similar clinical outcomes compared to unchanged P2Y12RIs in Korean AMI patients. Non-fatal MI and bleeding appeared to be mainly related to pre-switching P2Y12RIs. FAU - Park, Keun-Ho
Purinergic Signalling: Therapeutic Developments.$$$ Purinergic signalling, i.e., the role of nucleotides as extracellular signalling molecules, was proposed in 1972. However, this concept was not well accepted until the early 1990's when receptor subtypes for purines and pyrimidines were cloned and characterised, which includes four subtypes of the P1 (adenosine) receptor, seven subtypes of P2X ion channel receptors and 8 subtypes of the P2Y G protein-coupled receptor. Early studies were largely concerned with the physiology, pharmacology and biochemistry of purinergic signalling. More recently, the focus has been on the pathophysiology and therapeutic potential. There was early recognition of the use of P1 receptor agonists for the treatment of supraventricular tachycardia and A(2A) receptor antagonists are promising for the treatment of Parkinson's disease. Clopidogrel, a P2Y(12) antagonist, is widely used for the treatment of thrombosis and stroke, blocking P2Y(12) receptor-mediated platelet aggregation. Diquafosol, a long acting P2Y(2) receptor agonist, is being used for the treatment of dry eye. P2X3 receptor antagonists have been developed that are orally bioavailable and stable in vivo and are currently in clinical trials for the treatment of chronic cough, bladder incontinence, visceral pain and hypertension. Antagonists to P2X7 receptors are being investigated for the treatment of inflammatory disorders, including neurodegenerative diseases. Other investigations are in progress for the use of purinergic agents for the treatment of osteoporosis, myocardial infarction, irritable bowel syndrome, epilepsy, atherosclerosis, depression, autism, diabetes, and cancer. FAU - Burnstock, Geoffrey
Structure Activity Relationship of 4-Amino-2-thiopyrimidine Derivatives as Platelet Aggregation Inhibitors.$$$ BACKGROUND: Platelet aggregation plays a pathogenic role in the development of arterial thrombi, which are responsible for common diseases caused by thrombotic arterial occlusion, such as myocardial infarction and stroke. Much efforts are directed toward developing platelet aggregation inhibitors that act through several mechanisms: The main antiplatelet family of COXinhibitors, phosphodiesterase inhibitors, and thrombin inhibitors. Recently, the important role in the platelet aggregation of adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-activated P2Y12 and P2Y1 receptors, Gprotein coupled receptors of the P2 purinergic family, has emerged, and their inhibitors are explored as potential therapeutic antithrombotics. P2Y12 inhibitors, i.e. clopidogrel, prasugrel, ticagrelor, and cangrelor, are already used clinically to reduce coronary artery thrombosis risk and prevent acute coronary syndromes. The search for new P2Y12 inhibitors, with better risk-to-benefit profiles is still ongoing. METHODS: Several years ago, our group prepared a series of 6-amino-2-thio-3H-pyrimidin-4-one derivatives that displayed an interesting platelet aggregation inhibiting activity. In order to probe the structure-activity relationships and improve their inhibitory effects of these compounds, we synthesized variously substituted 6-amino-2-thio-3H-pyrimidin-4-one derivatives and substituted 4-amino-2-thiopyrimidine-5-carboxylic acid analogues. All the synthesized compounds were tested by light trasmission aggregometry (LTA) as inducers or inhibitors of platelet aggregation in citrated platelet-rich plasma (PRP). RESULTS: Among the 6-amino-2-thio-3H-pyrimidin-4-one derivatives, compounds 2c and 2h displayed marked inhibitory activity, with a capability to inhibit the ADP(10-6M)-induced platelet aggregation by 91% and 87% at 10-4M concentration, respectively. Selected 4-amino-2- thiopyrimidine-5-carboxylic acid derivatives were tested as P2Y12 and P2Y1 antagonists and found to display negligible activity. CONCLUSION: These negative findings demonstrated that this heterocyclic nucleus is not a useful common pharmacophore for developing P2Y-dependent inhibitors of platelet aggregation. Nevertheless, compounds 2c and 2h could represent a new chemotype to further develop inhibitors of platelet aggregation.
Variability in initial response to standard clopidogrel therapy, delayed conversion to clopidogrel hyper-response, and associated thromboembolic and hemorrhagic complications in patients undergoing endovascular treatment of unruptured cerebral aneurysms.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Variability in response to clopidogrel therapy is increasingly being recognized as an important factor in thromboembolic and hemorrhagic complications encountered after neurointerventional procedures. This study aims to determine the variability in response to clopidogrel therapy and associated complications in patients undergoing endovascular treatment of unruptured cerebral aneurysms. METHODS: We recorded baseline patient characteristics, co-administered medications, P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) values with VerifyNow, clopidogrel dosing, and thromboembolic and hemorrhagic complications in patients undergoing endovascular treatment of unruptured cerebral aneurysms at our institution during a 19 month period. RESULTS: 100 patients were included in the study, 76 women and 24 men, mean age 57.3 years. 15 patients exhibited an initial clopidogrel hypo-response (PRU >240) and 21 patients an initial clopidogrel hyper-response (PRU <60). 36 patients had a follow-up VerifyNow test performed without changes to the standard 75 mg daily clopidogrel dose, which demonstrated that 59% of patients who had initially been within the target 60-240 PRU range exhibited a delayed conversion to clopidogrel hyper-response. In our cohort, a clopidogrel hypo-response was associated with a significantly increased risk of thromboembolic complications in patients undergoing cerebral aneurysm treatment with stent assistance or the pipeline embolization device (60%, p=0.003), while a clopidogrel hyper-response was associated with a significantly increased risk of major hemorrhagic complications in all patients undergoing endovascular treatment of cerebral aneurysms (11%, p=0.016). CONCLUSIONS: We found wide and dynamic variability in response to clopidogrel therapy in patients undergoing endovascular treatment of unruptured cerebral aneurysms, which was significantly associated with thromboembolic and major hemorrhagic complications in our cohort.
Real-World Use of Clopidogrel and Ticagrelor in Patients With Myocardial Infarction With Nonobstructive Coronary Arteries: Patient Characteristics and Long-Term Outcomes.$$$ Background: Current guidelines recommend ticagrelor as the preferred P(2)Y(12) inhibitor on top of aspirin in patients after an acute coronary syndrome. Yet, the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel in patients with myocardial infarction with nonobstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA) remain uncertain. Methods: A total of 1,091 patients with MINOCA who received dual antiplatelet therapy were enrolled and divided into the clopidogrel (n = 878) and ticagrelor (n = 213) groups. The primary efficacy endpoint was a composite of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), including all-cause death, nonfatal MI, stroke, revascularization, and hospitalization for unstable angina or heart failure. The safety endpoint referred to bleeding events. The Kaplan-Meier, propensity score matching (PSM), and Cox regression analyses were performed. Results: The incidence of MACE was similar for clopidogrel- and ticagrelor-treated patients over the median follow-up of 41.7 months (14.3 vs. 15.0%; p = 0.802). The use of ticagrelor was not associated with a reduced risk of MACE compared with clopidogrel after multivariable adjustment in overall (HR = 1.25, 95% CI: 0.84-1.86, p = 0.262) and in subgroups of MINOCA patients. Further, there was no significant difference in the risk of bleeding between two groups (HR = 1.67, 95% CI: 0.83-3.36, p = 0.149). After PSM, 206 matched pairs were identified, and the differences between clopidogrel and ticagrelor for ischemic endpoints and bleeding events remained nonsignificant (all p > 0.05). Conclusions: In this observational analysis of MINOCA patients, ticagrelor was not superior to clopidogrel in reducing ischemic events and did not cause a significant increase in bleeding, indicating a similar efficacy and safety between clopidogrel and ticagrelor. A randomized study of ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel in this specific population is needed.
Differences in relative and absolute effectiveness of oral P2Y ((12)) inhibition in men and women: a meta-analysis and modelling study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To estimate the absolute treatment effects of newer P2Y(12) inhibitors (ticagrelor and prasugrel) compared with clopidogrel in men and women with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). METHODS: We searched Ovid MEDLINE, Embase and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials for randomised controlled trials of oral P2Y(12) inhibitors for acute stroke or ACS. Age-specific and sex-specific mortality was obtained for all patients admitted to hospital with myocardial infarction in Scotland from 2006 to 2010 (prior to introduction of prasugrel or ticagrelor). RESULTS: From 9277 articles, nine fulfilled our inclusion criteria. Three trials compared newer P2Y(12) inhibitors to clopidogrel in ACS, in which the treatment rate ratio (RR) for major adverse cardiovascular events in men was 0.80 (95% CI 0.69 to 0.93). For the same outcome, across all nine trials, the sex-treatment interaction RR was 1.08 (95% CI 0.98 to 1.19). Combining these estimates yielded a treatment RR in women of 0.86 (95% CI 0.72 to 1.04).17 842 women and 27 818 men were admitted to hospital with myocardial infarction. Mortality was higher for women than men for all-cause (5708, 32.0% vs 5891, 21.2%), cardiovascular (4032, 22.6% vs 4117, 14.8%) and bleeding (193, 1.1% vs 228, 0.8%) deaths.On applying the sex-specific RRs to this population, the absolute risk reduction for mortality at 1 year was similar for women and men for all-cause (2.30% (95% CI -0.92% to 5.22%) vs 2.47% (95% CI 0.62% to 4.10%)), cardiovascular (2.70% (95% CI -0.63% to 5.74%)) vs 2.72% (95% CI 0.92% to 4.35%)) and bleeding (-0.27% (95% CI -1.06% to 0.30%) vs -0.18% (95% CI -0.71% to 0.24%)) deaths. CONCLUSION: Newer P2Y(12) inhibitors may be slightly less efficacious in women than men, but the absolute risk reduction is similar in both sexes.
Clopidogrel Resistance Among Ischemic Stroke Patients and Its Risk Factors in Indonesia.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Clopidogrel is a common antiplatelet used as secondary prevention of ischemic stroke, known to have better efficacy than aspirin, with a equivalent safety profile. However, clopidogrel resistance is not uncommon but has not been widely studied in Asia. This study will further assess clopidogrel resistance and its risk factors. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted at Rumah Sakit Universitas, Indonesia, and Rumah Sakit Cipto Mangunkusumo, Indonesia in 2020-2021. All patients had had at least one episode of ischemic stroke. Clopidogrel resistance was assessed using a VerifyNow assay. RESULTS: 57 subjects were enrolled in this study. We found 15.8% of subjects were clopidogrel resistant. Gender was significantly associated with clopidogrel resistance, with males having 80% lower clopidogrel resistance (OR 0.2 (95% CI 0.022 - 0.638); P=0.006). Meanwhile, smoking was not associated with clopidogrel responsiveness (P=0.051). We found no association between haemoglobin, blood glucose, HbA1c, cholesterol, liver enzymes, serum urea concentration or creatinine levels and clopidogrel resistance. CONCLUSION: Clopidogrel remains an effective treatment to prevent recurrent ischemic stroke in Indonesia. Further studies are needed to assess gene polymorphism and clopidogrel resistance, which may explain the findings of this study.
Antithrombotic therapy in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Anticoagulation is an integral part of both fibrinolytic therapy and percutaneous intervention (PCI) in the reperfusion treatment of ST-segment elevation AMI (STEMI). AREAS COVERED: This article reviews the choices of adjunctive anticoagulation regimens. Readers will appreciate the complexities of anticoagulation and the variable risk of clotting with ischemic/thrombotic complications versus that of bleeding. Antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel is recommended with fibrinolysis and PCI. Newer P2Y(12) inhibitors such as prasugrel and ticagrelor have been shown to reduce cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke and stent thrombosis, as compared with clopidogrel. Ticagrelor has also been shown to reduce mortality. Glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors, by blocking the final pathway of platelet clumping with each other through bridging with fibrinogen, have the ability to disaggregate platelets, hence the potential for reducing thrombotic complications as well as increasing bleeding in patients undergoing PCI bleeding risks. Enoxaparin reduces death and MI compared with unfractionated heparin (UFH) with fibrinolytic therapy. There was a trend for a reduction in death, MI procedural failure or non-coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) major bleeding compared with UFH in primary PCI. In primary PCI, bivalirudin has the advantage over UFH of inhibiting clot bound thrombin and reduces bleeding and mortality compared with the use of UFH plus glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors. Combinations of P2Y(12) antagonists and bivalirudin need to be tested to optimize the balance between efficacy and bleeding. EXPERT OPINION: This field is rapidly evolving with multiple appropriate approaches. FAU - Wong, Cheuk-Kit
In-hospital outcomes of Ticagrelor versus Clopidogrel in high bleeding risk patients with acute coronary syndrome: Findings from the CCC-ACS project.$$$ BACKGROUND: The optimal P2Y(12) inhibitor in high bleeding risk (HBR) patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) remains unclear. We compared the in-hospital efficacy and safety of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in ACS patients at HBR. METHODS: We identified 22,120 hospitalized ACS patients with HBR treated with aspirin combined with either clopidogrel (n = 17,420) or ticagrelor (n = 4700) in the Improving Care for Cardiovascular Disease in China-ACS (CCC-ACS) project between November 2014 and December 2019. RESULTS: The median length of hospital stay was 10 days (interquartile range, 7-14 days). Compared with clopidogrel, ticagrelor was associated with a higher risk of in-hospital TIMI major or minor bleeding (4.8% vs 3.8%; adjusted OR 1.20; 95% CI 1.03-1.41; P = 0.022). The incidence of TIMI major bleeding (1.7% vs 1.1%, P = 0.005) and intracranial bleeding (0.8% vs 0.5%, P = 0.005) were also higher in the ticagrelor group than in the clopidogrel group. There was no significant difference in the rate of in-hospital major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular event (MACCE) (a composite of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, or ischemic stroke) with ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel therapy (4.2% vs 4.3%; adjusted OR 1.08; 95% CI 0.90-1.28; P = 0.411). Outcomes in the propensity-matched cohorts and in sensitivity analyses were consistent with the those of the main analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Among ACS patients with HBR, ticagrelor as compared with clopidogrel was associated with an increased risk of in-hospital major bleeding without a significant reduction in in-hospital MACCE. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: https://www. CLINICALTRIALS: gov. Unique identifier: NCT02306616.
Design and Rationale of the RE-DUAL PCI Trial: A Prospective, Randomized, Phase 3b Study Comparing the Safety and Efficacy of Dual Antithrombotic Therapy With Dabigatran Etexilate Versus Warfarin Triple Therapy in Patients With Nonvalvular Atrial Fibrillation Who Have Undergone Percutaneous Coronary Intervention With Stenting.$$$ Antithrombotic management of patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) undergoing coronary stenting is complicated by the need for anticoagulant therapy for stroke prevention and dual antiplatelet therapy for prevention of stent thrombosis and coronary events. Triple antithrombotic therapy, typically comprising warfarin, aspirin, and clopidogrel, is associated with a high risk of bleeding. A modest-sized trial of oral anticoagulation with warfarin and clopidogrel without aspirin showed improvements in both bleeding and thrombotic events compared with triple therapy, but large trials are lacking. The RE-DUAL PCI trial (NCT 02164864) is a phase 3b, a strategy of prospective, randomized, open-label, blinded-endpoint trial. The main objective is to evaluate dual antithrombotic therapy with dabigatran etexilate (110 or 150 mg twice daily) and a P2Y12 inhibtor (either clopidogrel or ticagrelor) compared with triple antithrombotic therapy with warfarin, a P2Y12 inhibtor (either clopidogrel or ticagrelor, and low-dose aspirin (for 1 or 3 months, depending on stent type) in nonvalvular AF patients who have undergone percutaneous coronary intervention with stenting. The primary endpoint is time to first International Society of Thrombosis and Hemostasis major bleeding event or clinically relevant nonmajor bleeding event. Secondary endpoints are the composite of all cause death or thrombotic events (myocardial infarction, or stroke/systemic embolism) and unplanned revascularization; death or thrombotic events; individual outcome events; death, myocardial infarction, or stroke; and unplanned revascularization. A hierarchical procedure for multiple testing will be used. The plan is to randomize ∼ 2500 patients at approximately 550 centers worldwide to try to identify new treatment strategies for this patient population.
De-Escalation of Dual Antiplatelet Therapy in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndromes.$$$ BACKGROUND: Balancing the effects of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) in the era of potent P2Y(12) inhibitors has become a cornerstone of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) management. Recent randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have investigated DAPT de-escalation to decrease the risk of bleeding outcomes. OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to compare the efficacy and safety outcomes of various DAPT strategies in patients with ACS, including de-escalation from a potent P2Y(12) inhibitor to clopidogrel or low-dose prasugrel. METHODS: MEDLINE and EMBASE were searched through January 2021 for RCTs investigating the efficacy and safety of DAPT in patients with ACS, and a network meta-analysis was conducted. The primary efficacy outcome was a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, and stroke. The primary bleeding outcome was trial-defined major or minor bleeding. RESULTS: Our search identified 15 eligible RCTs, including 55,798 patients with ACS. De-escalation therapy was associated with reduced risk of primary bleeding outcomes (HR: 0.48 [95% CI: 0.30-0.77] vs clopidogrel; HR: 0.32 [95% CI: 0.20-0.52] vs ticagrelor; HR: 0.36 [95% CI: 0.24-0.55] vs standard-dose prasugrel; and HR: 0.40 [95% CI: 0.22-0.75] vs low-dose prasugrel) without negatively affecting primary efficacy outcomes. There were no significant differences in ischemic or bleeding outcomes between de-escalation to clopidogrel or low-dose prasugrel. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with other established uses of DAPT, de-escalation was the most effective strategy for ACS treatment, resulting in fewer bleeding events without increasing ischemic events.
[Clinical analysis of dual enhanced antiplatelet therapy after cerebrovascular intervention for reducing the risk of cerebral infarction recurrence].$$$ To investigate the clinical assessment of dual-enhanced antiplatelet therapy after cerebrovascular intervention to reduce the risk of cerebral infarction recurrence, and to provide a reference for the prevention and treatment of cerebral infarction recurrence risk. 202 patients with cerebral infarction who underwent cerebrovascular intervention in Tianjin Fifth Central Hospital from January 2018 to October 2022 were selected as study subjects. The patients were divided into a treatment group (n=104) based on randomized controlled single-blind method with 61 males and 43 females with a mean age of (62.33±2.57) years old and a control group (n=98) with 56 males and 42 females with a mean age of (62.49±2.36) years old. The control group was given aspirin mono-antiplatelet therapy, and the treatment group was given clopidogrel doublet augmented antiplatelet therapy on the basis of the control group, and both groups continued the treatment for 2 months. Platelet counts, coagulation indexes and inflammatory factors were compared between the two groups before and after treatment, and the America National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) score was used to assess the neurological functions of the two groups before and after treatment, and the recurrence of cerebral infarction in the two groups was counted within 6 months after treatment. In addition, the patients in the treatment group were divided into the cerebral infarction recurrence group and the cerebral infarction non-recurrence group according to whether they had cerebral infarction recurrence within 6 months after treatment, and the clinical data of the patients in the treatment group were collected to analyze the influencing factors of the dual-enhancement antiplatelet therapy for the recurrence of cerebral infarction in patients with cerebral infarction after cerebral vascular intervention by multifactorial logistic regression. The results showed that after treatment, patients in the treatment group had an international normalized ratio (INR) of (1.76±0.38), a platelet activation rate of (39.52±4.79)%, a platelet aggregation rate of (48.54±5.21)%, a tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) of (28.37±4.47)ng/L, an interleukin 6 (IL-6) of (24.77±3.52)ng/L, a high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) of (7.39±1.53)mg/L and an NIHSS score of (6.11±1.39) were lower than those of the control group (2.32±0.41), (44.81±6.37)%, (51.39±5.58)%, (39.66±4.51) ng/L, (29.25±4.04) ng/L, (9.03±1.78) mg/L and (9.93±1.46) points (all P<0.05). At 6-month follow-up of all patients, cerebral infarction recurred in 16 (15.38%) patients in the treatment group and in 33 (33.67%) patients in the control group (χ(2)=9.185, P<0.05). Kaplan-Meier results showed a statistically significant difference in the rate of recurrence without cerebral infarction in the treatment group compared with the control group(LogRank χ(2)=4.595,P<0.05). Logistic regression analysis showed that smoking history, cervical vascular plaque, post-treatment NIHSS score, post-treatment stenosis score, post-treatment INR, post-treatment hs-CRP and CYP2C19 gene polymorphism were independent influences on the recurrence of cerebral infarction in cerebral infarction patients with cerebral vascular interventions followed by doublet augmentation of antiplatelet therapy (all P<0.05). In conclusion, dual-enhanced antiplatelet therapy may be an effective measure to reduce the risk of cerebral infarction recurrence after cerebrovascular intervention in patients with cerebral infarction, but it is still influenced by more factors. FAU - Liu, Y
Relationship between in-stent restenosis following carotid artery stenting and platelet reactivity to clopidogrel. LID - jnis-2024-021445 [pii] LID - 10.1136/jnis-2024-021445 [doi]$$$ OBJECTIVE: To analyze the relationship between in-stent restenosis (ISR) following carotid artery stenting (CAS) and platelet clopidogrel reactivity confirmed by the P2Y12 reaction unit (PRU) and inhibition rate (IR). METHODS: We retrospectively analyzed 171 patients who underwent CAS with extracranial carotid stenosis from January 2016 to December 2019. Dual antiplatelet therapy with 100 mg aspirin and 75 mg clopidogrel was started ≥5 days before CAS. Clopidogrel resistance was measured with the PRU and IR the day before CAS. The ISR degree was classified into R1, R2, and R3 (moderate to severe luminal stenosis of ≥50% or occlusion) by carotid CT angiography after 24-30 months. The degree of quantitative association between platelet reactivity and ISR R3 was determined by the receiver operating characteristic curve method. The optimal cut-off values of PRU and IR were derived using the maximum Youden index. RESULTS: There were 33 R3 degrees of ISR (19.3%) and nine ipsilateral ischemic strokes (5.3%). The PRU and IR were different between R1+R2 degrees (176.4±50.1, 27.5±18.7%) and R3 degree (247.5±55.0, 10.3±13.4%) (P<0.001). The areas under the curves of PRU and IR were 0.841 and 0.781, and the optimal cut-off values were 220.0 and 14.5%, respectively. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that PRU ≥220 and IR ≤14.5% were significant predictive factors for ISR R3 (P<0.001 and P=0.017, respectively). ISR R3 was independently associated with ipsilateral ischemic stroke after CAS (P=0.012). CONCLUSIONS: High PRU (≥220) and low IR (≤14.5%) are related to ISR R3 following CAS, which may cause ipsilateral ischemic stroke.
Antiplatelet therapy - ticagrelor.$$$ Ticagrelor, a cyclopentyltriazolopyrimidine (CPTP), is the representative of a new chemical class of P2Y(12) receptor inhibitors that differ from thienopyridines (ticlopidin, clopidogrel, prasugrel) as ticagrelor is not a prodrug requiring active biotransformation by cytochromes in the liver and thus is characterized by a more rapid, more effective and more consistent platelet inhibition than ticlopidin or clopidogrel. An extensive study program for dose finding and safety for AZD6140 (DISPERSE studies) and a large-scaled phase III trial (PLATO) were undertaken on more than 18,000 patients for validation of efficacy and safety. In the PLATO trial, patients presenting with the broad spectrum of ACS, i.e. unstable angina, non-STEMI or STEMI, were randomized to ticagrelor (Brilique, Brilinta) or clopidogrel within 24 hours after onset of symptoms, regardless whether they were allocated to a planned invasive or conservative treatment. Compared to clopidogrel, ticagrelor reduced rates of the primary endpoint consisting of cardiovascular death, non-fatal MI, or stroke, without an excess of the primary safety endpoint that was PLATO-defined major bleedings. Results from the pre-specified confirmatory subgroup of patients undergoing planned invasive treatment was consistent with PLATO main trial. In addition, the primary endpoint, as well as CV death and all cause death were consistently reduced with ticagrelor in numerous exploratory subgroups including STEMI patients, those planned for non-invasive treatment, patients undergoing CABG, patients with renal failure, and those with diabetes mellitus, although patients were pretreated before coronary angiography and patients with clopidogrel pretreatment were not excluded. CONCLUSIONS: The pharmacological properties and convincing study results of the PLATO trial have stimulated a paradigm change for dual antiplatelet therapy. The new ESC guidelines on the management of ACS without ST segment elevation recommend the use of clopidogrel only when a new antiplatelet drug, e.g. ticagrelor or prasugrel is not available or contraindicated. FAU - Giannitsis, E
New therapeutic approaches to combat arterial thrombosis: better drugs for old targets, novel targets, and future prospects.$$$ Cardiovascular disease and stroke are predominant causes of death in developed countries. Rupture of atherosclerotic plaque in an artery wall and the ensuing thrombotic events are the triggers for acute ischemic injury in these diseases. Platelet activation and aggregation play key roles in this process of atherothrombosis. Anti-platelet drugs thus provide the primary therapeutic strategy to combat these diseases. Dual therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel is the current standard of care for most patients, but it has significant limitations. This provides an impetus for developing new anti-platelet drugs. One new drug has received FDA approval recently; prasugrel targets the platelet P2Y(12) receptor, just like clopidogrel. Several other new drugs are showing great promise in clinical trials and appear to be nearing approval. Some of these drugs have traditional targets on the platelets; others, such as vorapaxar, terutroban, and sarpogrelate, generate more excitement as they are directed against novel targets. FAU - Choi, Jaehwa
Switching between thienopyridines in patients with acute myocardial infarction and quality of care.$$$ OBJECTIVE: In acute coronary syndromes, switching between thienopyridines is frequent. The aims of the study were to assess the association between switching practices and quality of care. METHODS: Registry study performed in 213 French public university, public non-academic and private hospitals. All consecutive patients admitted for acute myocardial infarction (MI; <48 hours) between 1/10/2010 and 30/11/2010 were eligible. Clinical and biological data were recorded up to 12 months follow-up. RESULTS: Among 4101 patients receiving thienopyridines, a switch was performed in 868 (21.2%): 678 (16.5%) from clopidogrel to prasugrel and 190 (4.6%) from prasugrel to clopidogrel. Predictors of switch were ST segment elevation MI presentation, admission to a cardiology unit, previous percutaneous coronary intervention, younger age, body weight >60 kg, no history of stroke, cardiac arrest, anaemia or renal dysfunction. In patients with a switch, eligibility for prasugrel was >82% and appropriate use of a switch was 86% from clopidogrel to prasugrel and 20% from prasugrel to clopidogrel. Quality indicators scored higher in the group with a switch and also in centres where the switch rate was higher. CONCLUSIONS: As applied in the French Registry on Acute ST-elevation and non ST-elevation Myocardial Infarction (FAST-MI) registry, switching from one P2Y12 inhibitor to another led to a more appropriate prescription and was associated with higher scores on indicators of quality of care. FAU - Schiele, Francois
Antiplatelet therapy in acute coronary syndromes: ticagrelor.$$$ Ticagrelor is a direct-acting, oral, reversibly binding P2Y(12) receptor antagonist. As a cyclopentyltriazolopyrimidine, ticagrelor represents a new chemical class of agents that do not require metabolic activation and have consistent ability to inhibit platelet aggregation. The phase III PLATO study evaluated ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel in 18,624 patients with acute coronary syndromes, and demonstrated a significant reduction in the risk of death from vascular causes/myocardial infarction (MI)/stroke with ticagrelor (9.8 vs. 11.7% with clopidogrel; HR: 0.84; 95% CI: 0.77-0.92; p < 0.001) without a significant increase in PLATO-defined major bleeding (11.6 vs. 11.2%, respectively; p = 0.43). MI and death from vascular causes were separately significantly reduced, and death from any cause and stent thrombosis reductions achieved nominal statistical significance. Ticagrelor showed benefit over clopidogrel in almost all patient subgroups, including patients who had received clopidogrel at randomization, patients with both planned invasive or noninvasive treatment; patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) referred for primary percutaneous coronary intervention, patients with non-STEMI, and patients who underwent bypass surgery. Hence, the PLATO population reflected specifically those patients who would ordinarily receive thienopyridine-based antiplatelet therapy in a clinical setting.
Benefits and Risks of Anticoagulation in Acute Coronary Syndrome.$$$ BACKGROUND: Both antiplatelets and anticoagulants are necessary in the management of acute coronary syndrome (ACS), although the exact proportion of antithrombotic effect that each drug and class should ideally provide remains a matter of ongoing study. AREA OF UNCERTAINTY: Defining the best combination between the antiplatelet agents and oral anticoagulants (OACs) can be challenging. The choice is particularly important for special categories of patients with ACS who have an indication of a long-term OAC. DATA SOURCES: A literature search regarding benefits and risks of anticoagulation in ACS was conducted through MEDLINE and EMBASE (past 20 years until September 2018). THERAPEUTIC ADVANCES: Many patients with ACS have an indication for long-term OACs. Those receiving dual antiplatelet therapy and anticoagulants are considered to be at a high bleeding risk. The addition of a vitamin K antagonist (VKA) imposes a target international normalized ratio of 2.0-3.0. When non-VKA oral anticoagulants are used, the lowest effective tested dose for stroke prevention should be applied. For most patients, triple therapy in the form of an OAC plus dual antiplatelet therapy [aspirin and P2Y12 inhibitors (usually clopidogrel)] should be considered for 3-6 months. Later, dual therapy (OAC plus aspirin or clopidogrel) should be considered for an additional 6 months. After 1 year, it is recommended that only the OAC is maintained. In cases of very high bleeding risk, triple therapy can be reduced to 1 month after ACS, continuing on dual therapy up to 1 year, and thereafter only anticoagulation. In general, the bleeding risk seems to be lower with non-VKA oral anticoagulants than VKA plus antiplatelet combination. CONCLUSIONS: Many risk factors for ischemic events and bleeding overlap. The clinician's challenges include monitoring patients' adherence and global assessment of the antithrombotic effect that incorporates antiplatelet and anticoagulant effects. FAU - Pop, Calin
Efficacy and safety comparing prasugrel/ticagrelor and clopidogrel in Hong Kong post-acute coronary syndrome patients-A 10-year cohort study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clinical evidence of prasugrel/ticagrelor in dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) in Asian acute coronary syndrome (ACS) population remains inconclusive. We aimed to compare the clinical efficacy and safety of prasugrel/ticagrelor compared to clopidogrel as part of DAPT in Hong Kong ACS population for 10 years. HYPOTHESIS: Prasugrel/ticagrelor, compared to clopidogrel, reduces risk of major adverse cardiovascular event (MACE) in Hong Kong ACS population. METHODS: The retrospective observational cohort study included patients admitted to seven institutions under Hospital Authority Hong Kong with diagnosis of ACS during 2008-2017. Risk of MACE, defined as composite of cardiovascular (CV) death, non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI) and non-fatal stroke, and risk of any bleeding leading to hospitalization were examined. Baseline characteristics difference was adjusted by propensity score (PS) matching. Adjusted Cox regression model was used to estimate hazard ratio of interested outcome. RESULTS: In PS matched cohort including 944 patients in each group, MACE risk reduction of 40% from 1 year to 5 years after index ACS event was observed in prasugrel/ticagrelor group (HR 0.60, 95% CI 0.39-0.91, p = .015). The risk reduction was highly driven by MI reduction (HR 0.54, 95% CI 0.33-0.91, p = .019). Lower bleeding risk was observed in prasugrel/ticagrelor group compared to clopidogrel from 1 year to 5 years (HR 0.46, 95% CI 0.21-1.00, p = .051). CONCLUSIONS: Prasugrel/ticagrelor showed MACE risk reduction over clopidogrel as part of DAPT up to 5 years after index event, while prasugrel/ticagrelor was not associated with increased bleeding risk.
Age and outcomes following guided de-escalation of antiplatelet treatment in acute coronary syndrome patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: results from the randomized TROPICAL-ACS trial.$$$ AIMS: Guided de-escalation of P2Y12-inhibitor treatment was recently identified as an effective alternative treatment strategy in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. Safety and efficacy of this strategy may differ in relation to patient's age. This pre-specified analysis of the TROPICAL-ACS trial aimed to assess the impact of age on clinical outcomes following guided de-escalation of antiplatelet treatment in ACS patients. METHODS AND RESULTS: Patients were randomly assigned in a 1:1 fashion to either standard treatment with prasugrel for 12 months (control group) or to a guided de-escalation regimen (1 week prasugrel followed by 1 week clopidogrel and platelet function testing guided maintenance therapy with clopidogrel or prasugrel from day 14 after hospital discharge; guided de-escalation group). We used Cox regression models to assess the associations of age on clinical endpoints and interactions. In younger patients (age ≤70, n = 2240), the 1 year incidence of the primary endpoint (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, or bleeding ≥ grade 2 according to Bleeding Academic Research Consortium criteria) was significantly lower in guided de-escalation vs. control group [5.9% vs. 8.3%; hazard ratio (HR) 0.70, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.51-0.96; P = 0.03, number needed to treat = 42]. In elderly patients (age >70, n = 370), the absolute risk of events was higher without significant differences between guided de-escalation vs. control group (15.5% vs. 13.6%; HR 1.17, 95% CI 0.69-2.01; P = 0.56). When the impact of age, as a continuous variable, was analysed on outcomes after guided de-escalation vs. control treatment, an increasing relative risk reduction was observed in the primary endpoint by decreasing age (Pint = 0.02), due to significant reductions in bleeding. CONCLUSION: Treatment effects of guided de-escalation for P2Y12 inhibitors depend on patient's age with younger patients deriving a significant net clinical benefit. Although the safety and efficacy of guided de-escalation in the elderly was similar to uniform prasugrel therapy, this should be further investigated due to the limited sample size of this group. FAU - Sibbing, Dirk
Rationale and design of the EVOLVE Short DAPT Study to assess 3-month dual antiplatelet therapy in subjects at high risk for bleeding undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND: While extended dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin and a platelet (P2Y(12)) inhibitor after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) reduces the risk of stent thrombosis (ST) and myocardial infarction (MI), it also increases bleeding. Newer generation drug-eluting stents with bioabsorbable polymer coatings may reduce thrombotic events and allow abbreviated DAPT in selected patients. The EVOLVE Short DAPT study is designed to evaluate the safety of 3-month DAPT in high bleeding risk subjects treated with the SYNERGY bioabsorbable polymer everolimus-eluting stent. TRIAL DESIGN: EVOLVE Short DAPT is a prospective, single-arm, international study that enrolled 2009 high risk bleeding subjects (defined as age ≥75 years, chronic anticoagulation, major bleeding within 12 months, history of stroke, renal insufficiency/failure, or thrombocytopenia) who underwent PCI with the SYNERGY stent. Subjects presenting with acute MI or complex lesions were excluded. After 3 months treatment with DAPT (except those on anticoagulant in whom aspirin is optional), subjects free from stroke, MI, revascularization or ST will be eligible to discontinue P2Y(12) inhibitor, but continue aspirin. Co-primary endpoints assessed between 3-15 months are: i) death/MI compared for non-inferiority with propensity-adjusted historical group receiving 12-month DAPT, and ii) definite/probable ST compared to a performance goal. The secondary endpoint is the rate of bleeding in subjects not receiving chronic anticoagulation compared for superiority against a propensity-adjusted historical control. CONCLUSION: The EVOLVE Short DAPT study will prospectively define the safety of DAPT discontinuation at 3 months in high bleeding risk patients treated with the SYNERGY stent.
Influence of Diabetes Mellitus and Cigarette Smoking on Variability of the Clopidogrel-Induced Antiplatelet Effect and Efficacy of Active Management of the Target P2Y12 Reaction Unit Range in Patients Undergoing Neurointerventional Procedures.$$$ BACKGROUND: Optimal antiplatelet inhibition is essential in patients undergoing neurointerventional procedures; however, variability in response to clopidogrel can contribute to thromboembolic and hemorrhagic complications. The present study evaluated the influence of diabetes mellitus and cigarette smoking on clopidogrel reactivity. METHODS: Between 2011 and 2013, 71 consecutive patients underwent aneurysmal coil embolization (CE) or carotid artery stenting (CAS) and received clopidogrel (75 mg daily) and aspirin (100 mg daily) before the treatment. The patients were divided into 2 groups: CE (n = 31) and CAS (n = 40). The patients underwent prospective assessment of preoperative platelet function using VerifyNow assay and received adjunctive cilostazol (200 mg daily, triple antiplatelet therapy) in case of clopidogrel hyporesponse. Patients with clopidogrel hyper-response underwent clopidogrel dose reduction (clopidogrel, 12.5-50 mg daily). RESULTS: Clopidogrel resistance was noted in 15 patients (37.5%) in the CAS group and in 4 patients (12.9%) in the CE group (P = .031). Clopidogrel hyper-response was noted in 2 patients (5%) in the CAS group and in 11 patients (54.8%) in the CE group (P < .001). There was a significant difference in the baseline clinical characteristics between the 2 groups. In the multivariate logistic regression analysis, diabetes and age were independent predictors of clopidogrel hyporesponse, whereas current smoker was an independent predictor of clopidogrel hyper-response. CONCLUSIONS: Significant differences in baseline clinical characteristics were present when comparing patients undergoing endovascular treatment of unruptured cerebral aneurysms and carotid artery stenosis. Diabetes mellitus and current smoker status were independent factors related to reactivity to clopidogrel.
Antiplatelet effects of citalopram in patients with ischaemic stroke: A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study.$$$ We evaluated the effect of SSRI treatment on platelet aggregation in patients with ischaemic stroke and included patients from the randomized double-blind controlled study of citalopram in acute ischaemic stroke (TALOS). Patients on clopidogrel were included 6 months after acute ischaemic stroke. Platelet parameters, including P2Y12 platelet reactivity using the VerifyNow System, were measured at the last day of study treatment and repeated after a 14-day wash-out period. A total of 60 patients were included (n = 32 randomized to citalopram). Platelet aggregation levels did not differ between the citalopram group (mean 116, 95% CI 89 to 143) and the placebo group (mean 136, 95% CI 109 to 163) (On-treatment, p = 0.14). Similarly, there was no significant change in platelet aggregation in the citalopram group from on-treatment to post-treatment (mean difference 2.0; 95% CI -18 to 14). Platelet count, size and turnover were not affected by SSRI treatment. In conclusion, SSRI therapy did not lead to statistically significant inhibition of platelet aggregation in ischaemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. FAU - Kraglund, Kristian Lundsgaard
Periprocedural antiplatelet medication assessed by VerifyNow for neuroendovascular treatment: Comparison of prasugrel with clopidogrel.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The maintenance dose of prasugrel (PRAS) for neuroendovascular treatment requires much research. We report the antiplatelet effect of PRAS measured by VerifyNow P2Y12 reaction units (PRUs) in patients during the perioperative period of neuroendovascular treatment. METHODS: Between January 2017 and January 2023, 230 patients who underwent endovascular treatment for unruptured intracranial aneurysms or carotid artery stenosis at our institution were retrospectively identified. Patients received dual antiplatelet therapy with 100 mg aspirin (ASA) and 75 mg clopidogrel (CLP)/day (CLP group, n = 186) or 100 mg ASA and 3.75 mg PRAS/day (PRAS group, n = 44) 2 weeks before the procedures. The PRU value was compared between the CLP and PRAS groups. In the study, we defined 95≦PRU < 208 as the optimal range. Perioperative complications within seven days of surgery were also analyzed. RESULTS: The mean value of PRU was significantly low in the PRAS group (179.13 ± 66.03 in CLP vs. 154.75 ± 54.01 in PRAS, p = 0.024). The proportion of the patients who exhibited 95≦PRU < 208 was significantly higher in the PRAS group (55.4% vs. 72.7%, p = 0.036). Ischemic and hemorrhagic complication rates were not significantly different between the CLP and PRAS groups (7.6% vs. 0%, p = 0.076; 4.7% vs. 0%, p = 0.361). The ischemic complication rate was higher in patients with a PRU > 208 than in those with PRU < 208 (12.5% vs. 3.8%, p = 0.044). The hemorrhagic complication rate was not significantly different between the PRU < 95 and 95≦PRU groups (8.4% vs. 3.2%, p = 0.224). CONCLUSIONS: Maintenance dose PRAS further decreased the PRU value and reached the optimal range in more cases than CLP during the perioperative period of neuroendovascular treatment. Ischemic complications significantly increased in the 208 < PRU group. FAU - Nambu, Kosuke
Optimal P2Y(12) inhibitor durations in older men and older women following an acute myocardial infarction: A nationwide cohort study using Medicare data. LID - 100339 [pii] LID - 10.1016/j.ahjo.2023.100339 [doi]$$$ STUDY OBJECTIVE: Identify optimal P2Y(12) inhibitor durations balancing ischemic-benefit and bleeding-risk outcomes after acute myocardial infarction (AMI) in older men and women. DESIGN: Observational retrospective cohort with 2 years of follow-up, using clone-censor-weight marginal structural models to emulate randomization. SETTING: 20 % sample of US Medicare administrative claims data. PARTICIPANTS: P2Y(12) inhibitor new users ≥66 years old following 2008-2013 AMI hospitalization. EXPOSURES: 12- to 24-month P2Y(12) inhibitor durations in 1-month intervals. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Effectiveness outcome (composite of all-cause mortality, recurrent AMI, ischemic stroke), safety outcome (hospitalized bleed), and negative control outcome (heart failure hospitalization). RESULTS: Of 28,488 P2Y(12) inhibitor new users, 51 % were female, 50 % were > 75 years old, 88 % were White/non-Hispanic, and 93 % initiated clopidogrel. Negative control outcome results for 16- through 24-month durations appeared most likely to meet assumptions of no unmeasured confounding. Compared to men taking 24-month therapy, men taking 16-month therapy had higher 2-year risks of the composite effectiveness outcome (relative risk [RR] = 1.08; 95 % confidence interval [95%CI]:1.00-1.15) with similar bleeding risks (RR = 0.98; 95%CI:0.85-1.13). Compared to women taking 24-month therapy, women taking 16-month therapy had similar 2-year risks of the composite effectiveness outcome (RR = 0.98; 95%CI:0.92-1.04) and lower bleeding risks (RR = 0.88; 95%CI:0.80-0.96). CONCLUSIONS: Older men taking 24-month P2Y(12) inhibitor therapy had the lowest composite effectiveness outcome risk with no increased bleeding risk compared to shorter durations. Women taking 16-month versus 24-month P2Y(12) inhibitor therapy had similar composite effectiveness outcome risks but a substantially lower hospitalized bleeding risk, suggesting durations beyond 15-17 months lacked benefit while increasing bleeding risk. FAU - Hickson, Ryan P
Lessons from platelet inhibition and patient outcomes.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Ticagrelor is a new, direct acting, reversibly binding P2Y12 receptor antagonist with more potent inhibition of platelets than clopidogrel and which does not require metabolic activation. It was compared with clopidogrel, on a background of the standard of care in a randomized trial in the Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes (PLATO) study, on patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The purpose was to evaluate the efficacy and safety results from the global, prospective trial in a broad population [ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) and non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) patients] with ACS. RECENT FINDINGS: The main findings were a significant reduction of the primary outcome (death from vascular causes/myocardial infarction/stroke) with ticagrelor versus clopidogrel [9.8 versus 11.7% (hazard ratio 0.84; 95% confidence interval: 0.77-0.92); P < 0.001] without a significant increase in PLATO-defined major bleeding (11.6 versus 11.2%, respectively; P = 0.43), but a higher occurrence of noncoronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) related major bleeding (4.5 versus 3.8%; P = 0.026). In addition, there was a significant reduction in vascular mortality (4.0 versus 5.1%; P = 0.001). The findings were consistent in all subgroups, such as for STEMI, NSTEMI, planned invasive or noninvasive strategy, diabetes, renal function, and CABG. SUMMARY: Among patients with an ACS with or without ST-segment elevation, treatment with ticagrelor, as compared with clopidogrel, significantly reduced the rate of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke without an increase in the rate of overall major bleeding but with an increase in the rate of nonprocedure-related bleeding. FAU - Held, Claes
High post-clopidogrel platelet reactivity assessed by a point-of-care assay predicts long-term clinical outcomes in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary coronary stenting.$$$ BACKGROUND: Recent studies have shown that post-clopidogrel high platelet reactivity (HPR), assessed by a point-of-care assay, is associated with a higher risk of adverse events after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). We assessed the clinical impact of HPR by the VerifyNow P2Y12 point-of-care assay in 181 patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) who underwent primary PCI with drug-eluting stents (DES) at 3 hospitals. METHODS: The primary endpoint of the study was the 12-month major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), which comprised cardiovascular death, nonfatal MI and ischemic stroke. All patients received a single loading dose of 600 mg clopidogrel and 300 mg aspirin followed by a daily maintenance dose of 75 mg clopidogrel and 100mg aspirin. RESULTS: A P2Y12 reaction unit (PRU) ≥ 282 (AUC 0.719, 95% CI 0.588-0.851, p=0.004, sensitivity 68.8%, specificity 73.8%) was the optimal cut-off value in predicting 12-month MACE by receiver operating characteristic curve analysis. Occurrence of MACE was significantly more frequent in patients with HPR (PRU ≥ 282) compared to patients without HPR (20.4% vs. 3.9%, HR 6.24, 95% CI 2.05-18.99, p=0.001). By multivariate analysis, HPR (HR 3.84, 95% CI 1.17-12.58, p=0.026) and elderly patients above 80 years of age (HR: 8.13, 95% CI 1.79-37.03, p=0.007) were found to be the significant predictors of 12-month MACE. The MACE-free survival rate was significantly lower in patients with HPR compared to patients without HPR (p<0.001). CONCLUSION: HPR assessed by a point-of-care assay was able to predict 12-month MACE in patients with STEMI who underwent primary PCI with DES.
Predictors of antiplatelet cessation in a real-world patient population undergoing non-cardiac surgery after PCI.$$$ BACKGROUND: The optimal perioperative management of antiplatelet therapy (APT) therapy in patients undergoing noncardiac surgery (NCS) following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) is unclear. We sought to identify predictors of APT cessation in a real-world cohort of patients undergoing NCS within 1 year of PCI. METHODS: Consecutive patients undergoing PCI at a tertiary center between 2011 and 2018 were prospectively enrolled. Perioperative interruption of APT was defined as cessation of either aspirin or P2Y(12) inhibitor between 1 and 14 days prior to NCS. Predictors of APT discontinuation were identified by multivariable Cox regression with stepwise selection of candidate variables. RESULTS: A total of 1092 surgeries corresponding to 747 patients were identified. Overall, there were 487 (44.6%) preoperative antiplatelet interruptions: discontinuation of either P2Y(12) inhibitors only (47.4%), aspirin only (7.9%), or both agents (44.7%). Both patient-specific risk factors (prior stroke, lower BMI, anemia, MI) and procedure specific risk factors (chronic total occlusions, multivessel disease, drug-eluting stent use) affected decisions regarding APT cessation. Likelihood of APT cessation increased in higher-risk surgeries and in patients on more potent P2Y(12) inhibitors (ticagrelor/prasugrel vs clopidogrel) whereas those undergoing NCS <90 days post PCI were less likely to have cessation of APT. CONCLUSION: In this contemporary cohort of post-PCI patients undergoing NCS, patient-, angiographic- and surgery-specific factors all affected decision-making regarding APT cessation. Our findings reflective of real-world practice, highlight the importance of a multidisciplinary team approach to individualize decision making in these patients.
Impact of proton pump inhibitors on clinical outcomes in patients after acute myocardial infarction: a propensity score analysis from China Acute Myocardial Infarction (CAMI) registry.$$$ BACKGROUND: Proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) are recommended by the latest guidelines to reduce the risk of bleeding in acute myocardial infarction (AMI) patients treated with dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT). However, previous pharmacodynamic and clinical studies have reported controversial results on the interaction between PPI and the P(2)Y(12) inhibitor clopidogrel. We investigated the impact of PPIs use on in-hospital outcomes in AMI patients, aiming to provide a new insight on the value of PPIs. METHODS: A total of 23, 380 consecutive AMI patients who received clopidogrel with or without PPIs in the China Acute Myocardial Infarction (CAMI) registry were analyzed. The primary endpoint was major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCE) defined as a composite of in-hospital cardiac death, re-infarction and stroke. Propensity score matching (PSM) was used to control potential baseline confounders. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to evaluate the effect of PPIs use on MACCE and gastrointestinal bleeding (GIB). RESULTS: Among the whole AMI population, a large majority received DAPT and 67.5% were co-medicated with PPIs. PPIs use was associated with a decreased risk of MACCE (Before PSM OR: 0.857, 95% CI: 0.742-0.990, P = 0.0359; after PSM OR: 0.862, 95% CI: 0.768-0.949, P = 0.0245) after multivariate adjustment. Patients receiving PPIs also had a lower risk of cardiac death but a higher risk of complicating with stroke. When GIB occurred, an alleviating trend of GIB severity was observed in PPIs group. CONCLUSIONS: Our study is the first nation-wide large-scale study to show evidence on PPIs use in AMI patients treated with DAPT. We found that PPIs in combination with clopidogrel was associated with decreased risk for MACCE in AMI patients, and it might have a trend to mitigate GIB severity. Therefore, PPIs could become an available choice for AMI patients during hospitalization.
Updates in antiplatelet agents used in cardiovascular diseases.$$$ BACKGROUND: Antiplatelet therapy is a cornerstone in coronary artery disease management. However, patients with acute coronary syndrome still remain at risk of recurrent cardiovascular events despite the advance of medical therapy. OBJECTIVE: This article provides a review of antiplatelet agents used in cardiovascular diseases and focus on updates in the past 5 years. METHOD: Peer-reviewed clinical trials and relevant treatment guidelines were identified from MEDLINE and Current Content database (from 1966 to April 15, 2013) using search terms aspirin, clopidogrel, prasugrel, ticagrelor, glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors, antiplatelet agents, coronary artery disease, acute coronary syndrome, pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics. Citations from the available articles were also reviewed for additional references. RESULTS: In unstable angina and non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (MI), dual antiplatelet therapy (aspirin and clopidogrel) demonstrated a reduction in death from cardiovascular causes, nonfatal MI, or stroke (relative risk 0.80; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.72-0.90). In ST-segment elevation MI, dual antiplatelet therapy reduced the rate of occluded infarct-related artery/death or recurrent MI (95% CI, 24%-47%). Newer agents such as prasugrel, when compared to clopidogrel, reduced death from vascular causes, MI, or stroke in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI; hazard ratio [HR], 0.81; 95% CI 0.73-0.90) but not in those receiving medical management only. When compared to clopidogrel, ticagrelor reduces death from vascular causes, MI, or stroke (HR: 0.84; 95% CI, 0.77-0.92) in patients undergoing PCI or receiving medical management only. Both the agents, however, increase the risk of bleeding in certain patient population. CONCLUSIONS: In the last 5 years, newer antiplatelet agents, including prasugrel and ticagrelor, have been demonstrated to reduce recurrent cardiovascular events compared to standard therapy and, however, also caused increase bleeding in selected patient populations. Newer agents including shorter acting P2Y12 inhibitor or antiplatelets that target other receptors are being evaluated to improve/maintain therapeutic efficacy yet minimize the risk of bleeding. FAU - Cheng, Judy W M
Ticagrelor and Acetylsalicylic Acid after Placement of Pipeline Embolization Device for Cerebral Aneurysm: A Case Series.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dual antiplatelet therapy with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) and a P2Y12-receptor antagonist is often used to prevent thrombotic complications after placement of a Pipeline embolization device (PED) for cerebral aneurysm. Although clopidogrel is common in this setting, high rates of nonresponse to this drug have made ticagrelor a potentially attractive alternative. OBJECTIVE: To describe safety and efficacy outcomes for ticagrelor following PED placement, including measurement of platelet function. METHODS: A retrospective analysis of data was completed for patients who underwent PED placement for cerebral aneurysm at a single centre between November 2015 and March 2017, with subsequent prescription of ticagrelor and ASA as dual antiplatelet therapy. The primary end point was any ischemic stroke or death within 1 year after the procedure. Intracranial hemorrhage was a secondary end point. Additionally, measurement of and values for platelet reactivity units (PRUs) during receipt of ticagrelor and ASA were evaluated. RESULTS: A total of 29 patients were included in this retrospective study. One patient experienced ischemic stroke 226 days after placement of the PED. In addition, 3 patients died during the 1-year follow-up period for causes unrelated to stroke or bleeding complications. No cases of intracranial hemorrhage were observed. Samples for measurement of P2Y12 levels were drawn at the discretion of the neurointerventionalists, and the PRU value was measured at least once for 28 (97%) of the 29 patients. The mean number of PRU measurements per patient after initiation of ticagrelor was 2.1 (standard deviation [SD] 1). Mean PRU value after initiation of ticagrelor was 65 (SD 57). CONCLUSIONS: In this case series describing the use of ticagrelor and ASA as dual antiplatelet therapy after PED placement for cerebral aneurysm, there was just one ischemic stroke, which occurred after the dual antiplatelet therapy had been discontinued. Further prospective trials are needed to describe the utility of ticagrelor use after PED placement, as well as its dosing and monitoring. FAU - DeGrote, Jodi R
Successful endovascular treatment of three fusiform cerebral aneurysms with the Pipeline Embolization Device in a patient with dilating HIV vasculopathy. LID - 10.1136/bcr-2012-010634 [doi] LID - bcr2012010634$$$ Dilating HIV vasculopathy can be a cause of ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke in patients with HIV. Although first identified in children, this condition is increasingly being recognized in adults and has a dismal natural history under medical or expectant management. Vessel wall invasion by varicella zoster virus, HIV or Mycobacterium avium intracellulare complex (MAI) has been postulated as a possible etiology. We present a case of an adult patient with HIV and chronic disseminated MAI infection who presented with ischemic stroke and three fusiform cerebral aneurysms that were successfully treated with the pipeline embolization device (PED). Flow diversion may be a viable treatment option for patients presenting with this serious neurovascular condition when aneurysm location precludes parent vessel sacrifice or surgical bypass. In addition, platelet function testing with VerifyNow may be valuable in selecting the appropriate P2Y12 receptor antagonist to be used in order to prevent PED thrombosis, since some of the antiretroviral drugs may inhibit clopidogrel or prasugrel metabolism. FAU - Delgado Almandoz, Josser E
De-escalation of dual antiplatelet therapy for patients with acute coronary syndrome after percutaneous coronary intervention: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To compare dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) de-escalation with five alternative DAPT strategies in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). DESIGN: We conducted a systematic review and network meta-analysis (NMA). Parallel-arm randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing DAPT strategies were included and arms of interest were compared via NMA. Partial ranking of each identified arm and for each investigated endpoint was also performed. SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: Adult patients with ACS (≥18 years) undergoing PCI with indications for DAPT. SEARCH METHODS: A comprehensive search covered several databases (PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Central, MEDLINE, Conference Proceeding Citation Index-Science) from inception to 15 October 2023. Medical subject headings and keywords related to ACS, PCI and DAPT interventions were used. Reference lists of included studies were screened. Clinical trials registers were searched for ongoing or unpublished trials. INTERVENTIONS: Six strategies were assessed: T1 arm: acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) and prasugrel for 12 months; T2 arm: ASA and low-dose prasugrel for 12 months; T3 arm: ASA and ticagrelor for 12 months; T4 arm: DAPT de-escalation (ASA+P2Y12 inhibitor for 1-3 months, then single antiplatelet therapy with potent P2Y12 inhibitor or DAPT with clopidogrel); T5 arm: ASA and clopidogrel for 12 months; T6 arm: ASA and clopidogrel for 3-6 months. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary outcome: Cardiovascular mortality. SECONDARY OUTCOMES: bleeding events (all, major, minor), stent thrombosis (ST), stroke, myocardial infarction (MI), all-cause mortality, major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE). RESULTS: 23 RCTs (75 064 patients with ACS) were included. No differences in cardiovascular mortality, all-cause death, recurrent MI or MACE were found when the six strategies were compared, although with different levels of certainty of evidence. ASA and clopidogrel for 12 or 3-6 months may result in a large increase of ST risk versus ASA plus full-dose prasugrel (OR 2.00, 95% CI 1.14 to 3.12, and OR 3.42, 95% CI 1.33 to 7.26, respectively; low certainty evidence for both comparisons). DAPT de-escalation probably results in a reduced risk of all bleedings compared with ASA plus full-dose 12-month prasugrel (OR 0.49, 95% CI 0.26 to 0.81, moderate-certainty evidence) and ASA plus 12-month ticagrelor (OR 0.52, 95% CI 0.33 to 0.75), while it may not increase the risk of ST. ASA plus 12-month clopidogrel may reduce all bleedings versus ASA plus full-dose 12-month prasugrel (OR 0.66, 95% CI 0.42 to 0.94, low certainty) and ASA plus 12-month ticagrelor (OR 0.70, 95% CI 0.52 to 0.89). CONCLUSIONS: DAPT de-escalation and ASA-clopidogrel regimens may reduce bleeding events compared with 12 months ASA and potent P2Y12 inhibitors. 3-6 months or 12-month aspirin-clopidogrel may increase ST risk compared with 12-month aspirin plus potent P2Y12 inhibitors, while DAPT de-escalation probably does not.
Antiplatelet Therapy in Atherothrombotic Diseases: Similarities and Differences Across Guidelines.$$$ Antiplatelet therapy, mainly consisting of aspirin and P2Y(12) receptor antagonists, is the cornerstone of the pharmacological treatment and prevention of atherothrombotic diseases. Its use, especially in secondary cardiovascular prevention, has significantly improved patient clinical outcomes in the last decades. Primary safety endpoint (i.e., bleeding complications) remain a major drawback of antiplatelet drugs. National and international societies have published and regularly updated guidelines for antiplatelet therapy aiming to provide clinicians with practical recommendations for a better handling of these drugs in various clinical settings. Many recommendations find common ground between international guidelines, but certain strategies vary across the countries, particularly with regard to the choice of molecules, dosage, and treatment duration. In this review, we detail and discuss the main antiplatelet therapy indications in the light of the different published guidelines and the significant number of recently published clinical trials and meta-analyses and highlight the areas that deserve further investigation in order to improve antiplatelet therapy in patients with atherothrombotic diseases.
Implication of diabetic status on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes after drug-eluting stent implantation: results from the PTRG-DES consortium.$$$ BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is associated with thrombogenicity, clinically manifested with atherothrombotic events after percutaneous cutaneous intervention (PCI). This study aimed to investigate association between DM status and platelet reactivity, and their prognostic implication in PCI-treated patients. METHODS: The Platelet function and genoType-Related long-term Prognosis-Platelet Function Test (PTRG-PFT) cohort was established to determine the linkage of platelet function test (PFT) with long-term prognosis during dual antiplatelet therapy including clopidogrel in patients treated with drug-eluting stent (DES). We assessed platelet reactivity using VerifyNow and 'high platelet reactivity (HPR)' was defined as ≥ 252 P2Y12 reaction unit (PRU). Major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular event (MACCE) was a composite of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis or stroke. RESULTS: Between July 2003 and Aug 2018, DES-treated patients with available PFT were enrolled (n = 11,714). Diabetic patients demonstrated significant higher levels of platelet reactivity (DM vs. non-DM: 225.7 ± 77.5 vs. 213.6 ± 79.1 PRU, P < 0.001) and greater prevalence of HPR compared to non-diabetic patients (38.1% vs. 32.0%, P < 0.001). PRU level and prevalence of HPR were significantly associated with insulin requirement and Hb(A1c) level, as well as diabetic status. DM status and HPR phenotype had a similar prognostic implication, which showed the synergistic clinical impact on MACCE. Association between PRU level and MACCE occurrence seemed higher in diabetic vs. non-diabetic patients. In non-DM patients, HPR phenotype did not significantly increase the risk of MACCE (adjusted hazard ratio [HR(adj)]: 1.073; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.869-1.325; P = 0.511), whereas HPR was an independent determinant for MACCE occurrence among diabetic patients (HR(adj): 1.507; 95% CI: 1.193-1.902; P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: The levels of on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity are determined by diabetic status and the severity of DM. In addition, HPR phenotype significantly increases the risk of MACCE only in diabetic patients. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: https://www. CLINICALTRIALS: gov . Unique identifier: NCT04734028.
Extended, standard, or De-escalation antiplatelet therapy for patients with coronary artery disease undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention? A trial-sequential, bivariate, influential, and network meta-analysis.$$$ AIMS: The relative safety and efficacy of de-escalation, extended duration (ED) (&gt;12-months), and standard dual antiplatelet therapy for 12-months (DAPT-12) in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) remains controversial. METHODS AND RESULTS: Online databases were queried to identify relevant randomized control trials (RCTs). ED-DAPT, high-potency (HP) DAPT, shorter duration (SD) DAPT, and low-dose (LD) DAPT were compared with DAPT-12. A trial sequential, bivariate, influential, and frequentist network meta-analysis (NMA) was performed to determine the pooled estimates. A total of 30 RCTs comprising 81 208 (40 839 experimental, 40 369 control arm) patients with CAD were included in the quantitative analysis. On NMA, compared with DAPT-12, all types of de-escalation, HP-DAPT-12, and ED-DAPT strategies had a statistically non-significant difference in the incidence of MACE at a median follow-up of 1-year. Similarly, there was no significant difference in the incidence of stroke, stent thrombosis, target lesion revascularization (TLR), target vessel revascularization (TVR), and all-cause mortality between DAPT-12 and all other strategies. The network estimates showed a significantly lower incidence of major bleeding with DAPT for 3-months followed by P2Y12-inhibitor monotherapy (RR 0.62, 95% CI 0.45-0.84), while a higher risk of bleeding with HP-DAPT for 12 months (RR 1.55, 95% CI 1.16-2.06). The net clinical benefit and rankograms also favoured DAPT-3 (P2Y12) and discouraged the use of HP-DAPT-12 and ED-DAPT. A subgroup analysis of 19 RCTs restricted to patients who presented with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) mirrored the findings of pooled analysis. A sensitivity analysis revealed no influence of any individual study or individual strategy on net ischemic estimates. The trial sequential analysis (TSA) illustrated a consistently non-significant difference at the interim analysis of trials, reaching the futility area for MACE, while the cumulative Z-values line surpassed the monitoring boundary as well as the required information size for major bleeding favouring de-escalation strategy. CONCLUSION: DAPT for three months followed by ticagrelor-only and use of aspirin + clopidogrel after a short period of high potency DAPT appears to be a safe strategy for treating post-PCI patients. However, given the methodological limitations and inclusion of a small number of trials in novel de-escalation strategies, these findings need validation by future large scale RCTs.
Relative efficacy and safety of ticagelor vs clopidogrel as a function of time to invasive management in non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome in the PLATO trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Guidelines suggest that "upstream" P2Y(12) receptor antagonists should be considered in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes (NSTE-ACS). HYPOTHESIS: Early use of ticagrelor in patients managed with an invasive strategy would be more effective than clopidogrel because of its more rapid onset of action and greater potency. METHODS: In the PLATO trial, 6792 NSTE-ACS patients were randomized to ticagrelor or clopidogrel (started prior to angiography) and underwent angiography within 72 hours of randomization. We compared efficacy and safety outcomes of ticagrelor vs clopidogrel as a function of "early" (<3h) vs "late" (≥3h) time to angiography. Adjusted Cox proportional hazards models evaluated interaction between randomized treatment and time from randomization to angiography on subsequent outcomes. RESULTS: Overall, a benefit of ticagrelor vs clopidogrel for cardiovascular death/myocardial infarction/stroke was seen at day 7 (hazard ratio [HR]: 0.67, P = 0.002), day 30 (HR: 0.81, P = 0.042), and 1 year (HR: 0.80, P = 0.0045). There were no significant interactions in the <3h vs ≥3h groups at any timepoint. For major bleeding, overall there was no significant increase (HR: 1.04, 95% confidence interval: 0.85-1.27); but there was a significant interaction with no difference between ticagrelor and clopidogrel in the early group (HR: 0.79), but higher bleeding risk with ticagrelor in the late angiography group, at 7 days (HR: 1.51, P(int) = 0.002). Patterns were similar at 30 days and 1 year. CONCLUSIONS: The benefit of ticagrelor over clopidogrel was consistent in those undergoing early and late angiography, supporting upstream use of ticagrelor.
Concomitant administration of clopidogrel with statins or calcium-channel blockers: insights from the TRITON-TIMI 38 (trial to assess improvement in therapeutic outcomes by optimizing platelet inhibition with prasugrel-thrombolysis in myocardial infarction 38).$$$ OBJECTIVES: This study sought to evaluate the clinical relevance of potential clopidogrel drug-drug interactions. BACKGROUND: Some studies have demonstrated that statins and calcium-channel blockers (CCBs) may attenuate the pharmacodynamic effects of clopidogrel. METHODS: The TRITON-TIMI 38 (Trial to Assess Improvement in Therapeutic Outcomes by Optimizing Platelet Inhibition With Prasugrel-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction 38) enrolled 13,608 patients with an acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and planned percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), and randomized them to clopidogrel or prasugrel. Use of a statin or CCB was left to the discretion of the treating physician. A multivariable Cox model with propensity score was employed to evaluate the association between statin or CCB use and clinical outcomes. RESULTS: Of the 6,795 subjects assigned to clopidogrel, 4,794 (70.6%) were on a CYP3A4-metabolized statin, and 966 (14.2%) were on a CCB at randomization. The risk of cardiovascular (CV) death, myocardial infarction (MI), or stroke was similar regardless of baseline use of statins (adjusted hazard ratio [HR]: 1.02, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.85 to 1.22) or CCBs (adjusted HR: 1.16; 95% CI: 0.94 to 1.43) in clopidogrel-treated patients. Further, the combined use of a CCB and atorvastatin 80 mg daily (adjusted HR: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.37 to 1.84), or a CCB, statin, and proton pump inhibitor (adjusted HR: 1.04; 95% CI: 0.70 to 1.54) were not associated with an increased risk of CV death, MI, or stroke. The use of statins or CCBs did not modify the relative efficacy of prasugrel versus clopidogrel for the primary endpoint (p for interaction = 0.43, 0.55, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with ACS undergoing PCI, the use of statins or CCBs was not associated with an increased risk of CV events in clopidogrel-treated patients. Consistent results were observed when the drugs were administered alone, together, or in combination with proton pump inhibitors.
Antiplatelet treatments: recent evidence from randomized controlled trials.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To provide an overview of selected randomized studies reported over the last 2 years evaluating antiplatelet therapies in patients with either acute or stable manifestations of atherosclerosis. RECENT FINDINGS: From large outcome trials included evidence for reduced risk of ischemic events associated with use of ticagrelor and aspirin versus aspirin alone, albeit with an increased bleeding risk in patients with stable coronary artery disease and history of myocardial infarction. No benefit regarding ischemic outcomes could be demonstrated for ticagrelor monotherapy compared with aspirin or clopidogrel in patients with stroke or peripheral vascular disease, respectively. Results from pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic studies suggest that switching from prasugrel to ticagrelor is safe, regardless of the use of a loading dose, and that loading with prasugrel or ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel leads to more prompt and potent platelet inhibition in patients undergoing ad hoc percoutaneous coronary intervention. No evidence could be demonstrated for the prognostic value of routine platelet function monitoring to adjust antiplatelet therapy. SUMMARY: Large outcome trials demonstrated various effects of antithrombotic strategies including ticagrelor on clinical outcomes across patient populations. Pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic studies confirmed a more prompt and potent platelet inhibition after loading with the new P2Y12 inhibitors versus clopidogrel, and suggested the safety of switching from prasugrel to ticagrelor. FAU - Vogel, Birgit
Impact of Diabetes Mellitus and Chronic Kidney Disease on Cardiovascular Outcomes and Platelet P2Y(12) Receptor Antagonist Effects in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndromes: Insights From the PLATO Trial.$$$ Background There are limited data on how the combination of diabetes mellitus ( DM ) and chronic kidney disease ( CKD ) affects cardiovascular outcomes as well as response to different P2Y(12) receptor antagonists, which represented the aim of the present investigation. Methods and Results In this post hoc analysis of the PLATO (Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes) trial, which randomized acute coronary syndrome patients to ticagrelor versus clopidogrel, patients (n=15 108) with available DM and CKD status were classified into 4 groups: DM +/ CKD + (n=1058), DM +/ CKD - (n=2748), DM -/ CKD + (n=2160), and DM -/ CKD - (n=9142). The primary efficacy end point was a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke at 12 months. The primary safety end point was PLATO major bleeding. DM +/ CKD + patients had a higher incidence of the primary end point compared with DM -/ CKD - patients (23.3% versus 7.1%; adjusted hazard ratio 2.22; 95% CI 1.88-2.63; P<0.001). Patients with DM +/ CKD - and DM -/ CKD + had an intermediate risk profile. The same trend was shown for the individual components of the primary end point and for major bleeding. Compared with clopidogrel, ticagrelor reduced the incidence of the primary end point consistently across subgroups ( P-interaction=0.264), but with an increased absolute risk reduction in DM +/ CKD +. The effects on major bleeding were also consistent across subgroups ( P-interaction=0.288). Conclusions In acute coronary syndrome patients, a gradient of risk was observed according to the presence or absence of DM and CKD , with patients having both risk factors at the highest risk. Although the ischemic benefit of ticagrelor over clopidogrel was consistent in all subgroups, the absolute risk reduction was greatest in patients with both DM and CKD . Clinical Trial Registration URL : http://www.clinicatrials.gov . Unique identifier: NCT 00391872. FAU - Franchi, Francesco
Implementing a pharmacogenetic-driven algorithm to guide dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) in Caribbean Hispanics: protocol for a non-randomised clinical trial.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Minority populations in the USA are disproportionately affected by cardiovascular conditions. Reduced responsiveness to clopidogrel among carriers of CYP2C19 variants has been reported in patients with either coronary artery disease (CAD) or acute coronary syndrome (ACS) after the percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Previous studies have evaluated CYP2C19 genotyping-guided antiplatelet therapy in selected populations; however, this has yet to be tested among Hispanics. Given the paucity of clinical research on CYP2C19 and antiplatelet clinical outcomes in Hispanics, our study will test the safety and efficacy of a genetic-driven treatment algorithm to guide dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) in Caribbean Hispanics. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This is a multicentre, prospective, non-randomised clinical trial that proposes an assessment of pharmacogenomic-guided DAPT in post-PCI Caribbean Hispanic patients with ACS or CAD. We will recruit 250 patients to be compared with a matched non-concurrent cohort of 250 clopidogrel-treated patients (standard-of-care). Major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs) such as all-cause death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, coronary revascularisation, stent thrombosis and bleedings over 6 months will be the study endpoints. Among the recruited, high-risk patients will be escalated to ticagrelor and low-risk patients will remain on clopidogrel. The primary objective is to determine whether genetic-guided therapy is superior to standard of care. The secondary objective will determine if clopidogrel treatment in low-risk patients is not associated with a higher rate of MACEs compared with escalated antiplatelet therapy in high-risk patients. Patients will be enrolled up to the group's completion. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Approval was obtained from the Institutional Review Board of the University of Puerto Rico Medical Sciences Campus (protocol # A4070417). The study will be carried out in compliance with the Declaration of Helsinki and International Conference on Harmonization Good Clinical Practice Guidelines. Findings will be published in a peer-reviewed journal and controlled access to experimental data will be available. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT03419325; Pre-results.
De-Escalation Dual Antiplatelet Therapy Prevail over Potent P2Y12 Inhibitor Monotherapy in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome Undergone Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Network Meta-Analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with potent P2Y12 inhibitor is the cornerstone of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) management. Balancing the effects of different strategies of antiplatelet therapy including DAPT de-escalation, potent P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy, and conventional DAPT is a hot topic. METHODS: A systematic search was conducted from the MEDLINE, PubMed, and Embase through October 2021 to identify various DAPT strategies in randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for treatment of ACS patients after undergoing PCI with drug-eluting stent (DES). The network meta-analysis was performed to investigate the net clinic benefit of the DAPT de-escalation, potent P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy, as well as conventional DAPT. The primary outcome was net adverse clinical events, defined as a composite of major bleeding and cardiac death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, or target-vessel revascularization. The secondary outcomes include major adverse cardiac events and trial-defined major or minor bleeding. RESULTS: A total of 14 RCTs with 63,982 patients were included. The DAPT de-escalation was associated with a lower risk of the primary outcome compared with potent P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy (De-escalation vs monotherapy odds ratio (OR): 0.72 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.55-0.96), and other antiplatelet strategies (De-escalation vs clopidogrel + aspirin OR: 0.49 95% CI: 0.39-0.63; De-escalation vs prasugrel + aspirin OR: 0.76 95% CI: 0.59-0.98; De-escalation vs ticagrelor + aspirin OR: 0.76 95% CI: 0.55-0.90). There were no statistical differences in the incidence of bleeding (DAPT de-escalation vs P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy OR: 0.73 95% CI: 0.47-1.12) and major adverse cardiac events (DAPT de-escalation vs P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy OR: 0.79 95% CI: 0.59-1.08) between DAPT de-escalation and potent P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy. CONCLUSIONS: This network meta-analysis showed that DAPT de-escalation would reduce the net adverse clinical events, compared with potent P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy, for ACS patients undergone PCI treatment.
Use of Anticoagulant Therapy in Patients with Acute Myocardial Infarction and Atrial Fibrillation. LID - 10.3390/medicina58030338 [doi] LID - 338$$$ The incidence of atrial fibrillation (AF) in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) ranges from 2.3-23%. This difference in the incidence of AF is explained by the different ages of the patients in different studies and the different times of application of both reperfusion and drug therapies in acute myocardial infarction (AMI). About 6-8% of patients who underwent percutaneous intervention within AMI have an indication for oral anticoagulant therapy with vitamin K antagonists or new oral anticoagulants (NOAC).The use of oral anticoagulant therapy should be consistent with individual risk of bleeding as well as ischemic risk. Both HAS-BLED and CHA2DS2VASc scores are most commonly used for risk assessment. Except in patients with mechanical valves and antiphospholipid syndrome, NOACs have an advantage over vitamin K antagonists (VKAs). One of the advantages of NOACs is the use of fixed doses, where there is no need for successive INR controls, which increases the patient's compliance in taking these drugs. The use of triple therapy in ACS is indicated in the case of patients with AF, mechanical valves as well as venous thromboembolism. The results of the studies showed that when choosing a P2Y12 receptor blocker, less potent P2Y12 blockers such as Clopidogrel should be chosen, due to the lower risk of bleeding. It has been proven that the presence of AF within AMI is associated with a higher degree of reinfarction, more frequent stroke, high incidence of heart failure, and there is a correlation with an increased risk of sudden cardiac death. With the appearance of AF in ACS, its rapid conversion into sinus rhythm is necessary, and in the last resort, good control of heart rate in order to avoid the occurrence of adverse clinical events. FAU - Lasica, Ratko
Current Status of Antiplatelet Therapy in Acute Coronary Syndrome.$$$ Antiplatelet therapy is a first-line medical treatment for patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). As percutaneous coronary interventions (PCI) increase in number and complexity, more patients must be treated with antiplatelet therapy for cardiovascular diseases in which arterial thrombosis plays a major role. Current anti-platelet therapy is highly effective in preventing atherothrombotic complications. Nevertheless, a significant number of patients continue to experience recurrent complications despite being properly treated, due to pharmacokinetics and interactions of drugs, genetic background and increased thrombus formation. This has lead to big research efforts to provide new antiplatelet drugs with better preventive properties without increased bleeding risk. Up to 8% of patients receiving 81 mg-dose of aspirin have significantly less platelet inhibition than those receiving higher dose. Patients with poor responsiveness to clopidogrel are at high risk of thromboembolic complications, especially in the setting of ACS and stent implantation. Several options have been proposed. Firstly, to increase loading and maintenance doses up to 600 mg and 75-mg twice daily associated with high-dose aspirin (300-325 mg). A second option would be to change from clopidogrel to new antiplatelet agents like prasugrel and ticagrelor which were investigated in large clinical trials in patients with different entities of ACS. Because of conflicting results & without large scale clinical studies, routine platelet function measurement cannot be recommended at this point of time. Prasugrel is an ADP-P2Y12 receptor inhibitor that has a faster and more consistent inhibitory effect of platelet aggregation and was shown to reduce cardiovascular mortality in the setting of ACS undergoing PCI. Subgroups with increased risk of bleeding were patients with prior stroke, age over 75 and body weight under 60 kg. In this population, prasugrel is discouraged despite its increased in efficacy. Ticagrelor binds reversibly to P2Y12 receptor. The reversibility action makes it attractive for situations when dual antiplatelet therapy needs to be interrupted. Both the drugs demonstrated superiority with respect to the primary composite endpoint. As compared to clopidogrel, both prasugrel and ticagrelor do not depend on loss-of-function genetic variants. The efficacy safety ratio of both compared to clopidogrel is better, even if both these compounds increased the risk of spontaneous major bleedings significantly. Due to lack of head-to-head comparison, potential differences between prasugrel and ticagrelor are hypothetical and both these drugs should be used according to guidelines. The novel intravenous antiplatelet cangrelor cut thrombotic complications of PCI with some increase in bleeding, a pooled analysis of the three CHAMPION(Cangrelor versus Standard Therapy to Achieve Optimal management of Platelet Inhibition) trials showed. Protease-activated-receptor 1(PAR 1) antagonist vorapaxar did not reduce the primary composite ischemic end point in TRACER (Thrombin Receptor Antagonist Clinical Event reduction in acute coronary syndrome) trial, but major bleeding and intracranial hemorrhage rates were substantially increased. Further large randomized trials would be required to decide the superiority of one agent over another and the duration of the therapy. FAU - Dash, Debabrata
Platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes in acute coronary syndrome patients treated with prasugrel and clopidogrel: a pre-specified exploratory analysis from the TROPICAL-ACS trial.$$$ AIMS: The value of platelet function testing (PFT) in predicting clinical outcomes and guiding P2Y12-inhibitor treatment is uncertain. In a pre-specified sub-study of the TROPICAL-ACS trial, we assessed ischaemic and bleeding risks according to high platelet reactivity (HPR) and low platelet reactivity (LPR) to ADP in patients receiving uniform prasugrel vs. PFT-guided clopidogrel or prasugrel. METHODS AND RESULTS: Acute coronary syndrome patients with PFT done 14 days after hospital discharge were included with prior randomization to uniform prasugrel for 12 months (control group, no treatment modification) vs. early de-escalation from prasugrel to clopidogrel and PFT-guided maintenance treatment (HPR: switch-back to prasugrel, non-HPR: clopidogrel). The composite ischaemic endpoint included cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke, while key safety outcome was Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) 2-5 bleeding, from PFT until 12 months. We identified 2527 patients with PFT results available: 1266 were randomized to the guided and 1261 to the control group. Before treatment adjustment, HPR was more prevalent in the guided group (40% vs. 15%), while LPR was more common in control patients (27% vs. 11%). Compared to control patients without HPR on prasugrel (n = 1073), similar outcomes were observed in guided patients kept on clopidogrel [n = 755, hazard ratio (HR): 1.06 (0.57-1.95), P = 0.86] and also in patients with HPR on clopidogrel switched to prasugrel [n = 511, HR: 0.96 (0.47-1.96), P = 0.91]. In contrast, HPR on prasugrel was associated with a higher risk for ischaemic events in control patients [n = 188, HR: 2.16 (1.01-4.65), P = 0.049]. Low platelet reactivity was an independent predictor of bleeding [HR: 1.74 (1.18-2.56), P = 0.005], without interaction (Pint = 0.76) between study groups. CONCLUSION: Based on this substudy of a randomized trial, selecting prasugrel or clopidogrel based on PFT resulted in similar ischaemic outcomes as uniform prasugrel therapy without HPR. Although infrequent, HPR on prasugrel was associated with increased risk of ischaemic events. Low platelet reactivity was a strong and independent predictor of bleeding both on prasugrel and clopidogrel.
Direct healthcare costs and cost-effectiveness of acute coronary syndrome secondary prevention with ticagrelor compared to clopidogrel: economic evaluation from the public payer's perspective in Poland based on the PLATO trial results.$$$ BACKGROUND: Ticagrelor is the first reversibly binding oral P2Y12 receptor antagonist designed to reduce clinical thrombotic events in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Compared to clopidogrel, ticagrelor has been proven to significantly reduce the rate of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction (MI), or stroke without an increase in the rate of overall major bleeding in patients who have an ACS with or without ST-segment elevation (STEMI and NSTEMI) or unstable angina (UA). AIM: To evaluate the cost-effectiveness and healthcare costs associated with secondary prevention of ACS using ticagrelor or clopidogrel in patients after STEMI, NSTEMI and UA. METHODS: An economic model based on results from the PLATO trial was used to evaluate the cost-effectiveness of one-year therapy with ticagrelor or clopidogrel. The structure of the model consisted of two parts, i.e. the decision tree with one-year PLATO results and the Markov model with lifelong estimations, which exceeded PLATO follow-up data. The model was adjusted to Polish settings with country-specific data on death rates in the general population and direct medical costs calculated from the public payer's perspective. Costs were derived from the National Health Fund (NHF) and the Ministry of Health and presented in PLN 2013 values. Annual mean costs of second and subsequent years after stroke or MI were obtained from the literature. Uncertainty of assumed parameters was tested in scenarios and probabilistic sensitivity analyses. The adopted model allowed the estimation of an incremental cost-effectiveness ratio for life years gained (LYG) and an incremental cost-utility ratio for quality adjusted life years (QALY). RESULTS: Total direct medical costs to the public payer at a one year horizon were 2,905 PLN higher with ticagrelor than with clopidogrel. However, mean healthcare costs at a one year horizon (excluding drug costs and concomitant drugs) were 690 PLN higher for patients treated with clopidogrel. In a lifetime horizon, results indicated that ticagrelor was the more cost-effective option compared to generic clopidogrel, with an incremental cost per LYG estimated at 21,566 PLN and an incremental costper QALY estimated at 24,965 PLN. CONCLUSIONS: In a lifetime horizon, which should be used when comparing technologies with different impacts on mortality, cost-effectiveness evaluation resulted in more favourable economic outcomes for ticagrelor than for generic clopidogrel, with the cost per QALY well below the recommended willingness to pay threshold in Poland (24,965 PLN vs. 111,381 PLN). FAU - Pawęska, Justyna
Insufficient platelet inhibition is related to silent embolic cerebral infarctions after coronary angiography.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Considering that insufficient platelet inhibition is related to thrombotic complications after coronary angiography, we hypothesized that the extent of platelet inhibition by antiplatelet agents is related to the occurrence of silent embolic cerebral infarction (SECI) after coronary angiography. METHODS: Among the patients scheduled for coronary artery bypass surgery, we retrospectively analyzed the location of SECI on diffusion-weighted imaging of 272 patients, which was performed after coronary angiography, as a presurgical evaluation in Phase 1 study. In Phase 2 study, we have prospectively recruited 102 patients to compare the extent of platelet inhibition measured by the VerifyNow system among patients with and without SECI. RESULTS: SECI is observed in 45 patients (16.5%) in Phase 1 and 17 (16.7%) in Phase 2. The lesions were slightly more frequent in the right hemisphere. In the Phase 2 study, aspirin reaction units and P(2)Y(12) reaction units were higher in the patients with SECI than those without (aspirin reaction units: 490±72 versus 446±53, P=0.03; P(2)Y(12) reaction units: 352±65 versus 300±77, P=0.009). The incidence of SECI increased with the number of resistant antiplatelets; resistance to both antiplatelet agent (50%), resistance to 1 antiplatelet agent (22%), and no resistance (4%; P=0.023). From the result of logistic regression, higher aspirin reaction units, white blood cell count, low hemoglobin, and nonresponsiveness to antiplatelet agents were independent risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: Insufficient platelet inhibition after administration of antiplatelet agents is related with SECI appearing after coronary angiography. FAU - Kim, Bum Joon
Extended Clopidogrel Monotherapy vs DAPT in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndromes at High Ischemic and Bleeding Risk: The OPT-BIRISK Randomized Clinical Trial.$$$ IMPORTANCE: Purinergic receptor P2Y12 (P2Y12) inhibitor monotherapy after a certain period of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) may be an attractive option of maintenance antiplatelet treatment for patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) who are at both high bleeding and ischemic risk (birisk). OBJECTIVE: To determine if extended P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy with clopidogrel is superior to ongoing DAPT with aspirin and clopidogrel after 9 to 12 months of DAPT after PCI in birisk patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This was a multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial including birisk patients with ACS who had completed 9 to 12 months of DAPT after drug-eluting stent implantation and were free from adverse events for at least 6 months at 101 China centers between February 2018 and December 2020. Study data were analyzed from April 2023 to May 2023. INTERVENTIONS: Patients were randomized either to clopidogrel plus placebo or clopidogrel plus aspirin for an additional 9 months. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary end point was Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) types 2, 3, or 5 bleeding 9 months after randomization. The key secondary end point was major adverse cardiac and cerebral events (MACCE; the composite of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, stroke or clinically driven revascularization). The primary end point was tested for superiority, and the MACCE end point was tested for sequential noninferiority and superiority. RESULTS: A total of 7758 patients (mean [SD] age, 64.8 [9.0] years; 4575 male [59.0%]) were included in this study. The primary end point of BARC types 2, 3, or 5 bleeding occurred in 95 of 3873 patients (2.5%) assigned to clopidogrel plus placebo and 127 of 3885 patients (3.3%) assigned to clopidogrel plus aspirin (hazard ratio [HR], 0.75; 95% CI, 0.57-0.97; difference, -0.8%; 95% CI, -1.6% to -0.1%; P = .03). The incidence of MACCE was 2.6% (101 of 3873 patients) in the clopidogrel plus placebo group and 3.5% (136 of 3885 patients) in the clopidogrel plus aspirin group (HR, 0.74; 95% CI, 0.57-0.96; difference, -0.9%; 95% CI, -1.7% to -0.1%; P < .001 for noninferiority; P = .02 for superiority). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Among birisk patients with ACS who completed 9 to 12 months of DAPT after drug-eluting stent implantation and were free from adverse events for at least 6 months before randomization, an extended 9-month clopidogrel monotherapy regimen was superior to continuing DAPT with clopidogrel in reducing clinically relevant bleeding without increasing ischemic events. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03431142. FAU - Li, Yi
Clinical Outcomes of Ticagrelor in Korean Patients with Acute Myocardial Infarction without High Bleeding Risk.$$$ BACKGROUND: Although ticagrelor is known to increase the bleeding risk compared to clopidogrel in East Asian patients, its clinical benefits in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) without high bleeding risk (HBR) remains unknown. METHODS: A total of 7,348 patients who underwent successful percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) from the Korea Acute Myocardial Infarction Registry-National Institute of Health (KAMIR-NIH), between November 2011 and December 2015, were divided into two groups according to the Academic Research Consortium for HBR criteria (KAMIR-HBR, 2,469 patients; KAMIR-non HBR, 4,879 patients). We compared in-hospital major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs, defined as a composite of cardiac death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, or stroke), and the thrombolysis in myocardial infarction (TIMI) major bleeding between ticagrelor and clopidogrel in the KAMIR-HBR and the KAMIR-non HBR groups, respectively. RESULTS: After propensity score matching, ticagrelor had a higher incidence of in-hospital TIMI major bleeding than clopidogrel in all patients (odds ratio [OR], 1.683; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.010-2.805; P = 0.046) and the KAMIR-HBR group (OR, 3.460; 95% CI, 1.374-8.714; P = 0.008). However, there was no significant difference in in-hospital TIMI major bleeding between ticagrelor and clopidogrel in the KAMIR-non HBR group (OR, 1.436; 95% CI, 0.722-2.855; P = 0.303). No differences were observed in the cumulative incidences of in-hospital and 6-month MACEs between ticagrelor and clopidogrel in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: The bleeding risk of ticagrelor was attenuated in Korean patients with AMI without HBR. Appropriate patient selection could reduce in-hospital bleeding complications associated with ticagrelor in Korean patients with AMI who underwent successful PCI.
Risk of bleeding related to antithrombotic treatment in cardiovascular disease.$$$ Antithrombotic therapy is a cornerstone of treatment in patients with cardiovascular disease with bleeding being the most feared complication. This review describes the risk of bleeding related to different combinations of antithrombotic drugs used for cardiovascular disease: acute coronary syndrome (ACS), atrial fibrillation (AF), cerebrovascular (CVD) and peripheral arterial disease (PAD). Different risk assessment schemes and bleeding definitions are compared. The HAS-BLED risk score is recommended in patients with AF and in ACS patients with AF. In patients with ACS with or without a stent dual antiplatelet therapy with a P2Y12 receptor antagonist and acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) is recommended for 12 months, preferable with prasugrel or ticagrelor unless there is an additional indication of warfarin or increased risk of bleeding. In patients with AF, warfarin is recommended if the risk of stroke is moderate to high, but newer emerging antithrombotic drugs will be recommended along with/or preferred to warfarin in the nearby future. Patients with CVD (without cardiogenic causes) are recommended clopidogrel treatment for secondary prevention, where as patients with PAD are recommended ASA or clopidogrel. With future implementation of new antithrombotic treatment regimens as monotherapy and in combinations with antiplatelet therapy, increased focus on risk of thromboembolic events and bleeding and individual tailoring of antithrombotic therapy is warranted. FAU - Sørensen, Rikke
Dual Antithrombotic Therapy with Clopidogrel and Novel Oral Anticoagulants in Patients with Atrial Fibrillation Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Real-world Study.$$$ INTRODUCTION: For patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), proper antithrombotic therapy is equivocal. Current guidelines recommend triple therapy, which carries a high risk of bleeding. Recent large trials suggest that dual therapy (DT) with novel oral anticoagulant (NOAC) plus P2Y(12) inhibitor can be an appropriate alternative, but real-world data for this alternative are scarce and the optimal duration of DT has not yet been established. METHODS: This analysis was performed in a single-center prospective cohort. We investigated 216 PCI patients with indication for anticoagulation due to AF. After PCI patients received DT with reduced doses NOAC plus P2Y(12) inhibitor for 6 months, which was followed by standard dose NOAC monotherapy. Efficacy endpoints were defined as cardiac death, myocardial infarction (MI), stent thrombosis (ST), and stroke. Safety endpoints were bleeding events as defined by Bleeding Academic Consortium (BARC). RESULTS: Baseline characteristics of our study population were described by a CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc score of greater than 4 and a HAS-BLED score of greater than 3. After a mean follow-up of 18.7 months, efficacy events occurred in 12 patients (5.6%). We observed three (1.4%) cardiac deaths, two (0.9%) MIs, six (2.8%) strokes, and one (0.5%) definite ST. After switching from DT to NOAC monotherapy after 6.3 ± 1.7 months, there was no rebound of ischemic events. Bleeding events occurred in 34 patients (15.7%) mainly under DT, while bleeding was less during NOAC monotherapy. CONCLUSIONS: In this long-term study of high-risk and real-world AF-patients with PCI, DT with NOAC and P2Y(12) inhibitor (6 months) followed by NOAC monotherapy was safe and effective. FAU - Kebernik, Julia
Prasugrel versus clopidogrel antiplatelet therapy after acute coronary syndrome: matching treatments with patients.$$$ Antithrombotic therapy is imperative in the management of patients presenting with an acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The combination of antiplatelet therapy in conjunction with antithrombotic therapy has become the standard of care in improving the morbidity and mortality of patients with an ACS and in reducing ischemic complications of percutaneous coronary intervention. Patients with an ACS are at increased risk for a recurrent event, both in-hospital and for several months afterward. Secondary prevention to reduce these events is accomplished through the establishment of appropriate medical therapy. Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and adenosine 5'-diphosphate P2Y(12) receptor blockers such as ticlopidine or clopidogrel are integral components of this regimen; however, both of these thienopyridines have a relatively slow onset of action and variable bioavailability. Prasugrel, a third-generation thienopyridine approved by the US FDA in 2009, has a more rapid onset of platelet inhibition than clopidogrel and ticlopidine because of increased efficiency of prodrug-to-active metabolite conversion. The result is higher and less variable concentration of the active metabolite within 60 minutes following oral dosing. Phase II and III trials assessing the safety and efficacy of prasugrel have been completed, including JUMBO-TIMI 26, PRINCIPLE-TIMI 44, and TRITON-TIMI 38. These trials demonstrated greater inhibition of platelet aggregation and lower rates of the composite endpoint of death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, and stroke compared with clopidogrel. However, major bleeding occurred more frequently with prasugrel treatment than with clopidogrel. This review highlights the current state of evidence-based antiplatelet therapy and provides guidance on appropriate use of prasugrel in cardiovascular medicine. FAU - Tcheng, James E
Platelet reactivity in patients undergoing transcatheter aortic valve implantation.$$$ Thromboembolic events, primarily stroke, might complicate transcatheter aortic-valve implantation (TAVI) procedures in 3-5 % of cases. Thus, it is common to administer aspirin and clopidogrel pharmacotherapy for 3-6 months following TAVI in order to prevent those events. The biologic response to the dual anti platelet treatment (DAPT) is heterogeneous, e.g. low response, known as high on treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) may be associated with adverse thromboembolic events. Little is known about the prevalence of HTPR among patients undergoing TAVI. To assess the variability in response and rates of residual platelet reactivity in patients undergoing TAVI. We examined platelet reactivity in response to clopidogrel and aspirin in 40 consecutive patients (mean age 81.7 ± 6.5 years, 66.7 % women) who underwent successful TAVI using the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay and the multiple electrode aggregometry assay (Multiplate analyzer) in response to adenosine diphosphate and arachidonic acid respectively, at different time points before and following TAVI. Before TAVI, the majority of patients were on antiplatelet therapy (68.5 % aspirin, 12.5 % clopidogrel, 12.5 % DAPT). Following the procedure all patients were on DAPT or clopidogrel and warfarin. Among analyzed patients, 41 % had HTPR for clopidogrel and 12.5 % for aspirin at baseline, which did not significantly change 1-month following the procedure (p = 0.81 and p  = 0.33, respectively). In conclusion, patients undergoing TAVI for severe aortic stenosis and treated with DAPT have high rates of residual platelet reactivity during the peri-procedural period and up to 1-month thereafter. These findings may have clinical implications for the anti-platelet management of TAVI patients. FAU - Orvin, Katia
Cilostazol-based triple versus potent P2Y12 inhibitor-based dual antiplatelet therapy in patients with acute myocardial infarction undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ Although potent P2Y12 inhibitor-based dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) has replaced clopidogrel-based therapy as the standard treatment in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI), there is a concern about the risk of bleeding in East Asian patients. We compared the efficacy and safety of cilostazol-based triple antiplatelet therapy (TAT) with potent P2Y12 inhibitor-based DAPT in Korean patients. A total of 4152 AMI patients who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in the Korea Acute Myocardial Infarction Registry were analyzed retrospectively. Patients were divided into two groups: the TAT group (aspirin + clopidogrel + cilostazol, n = 3161) and the potent DAPT group (aspirin + potent P2Y12 inhibitors [ticagrelor or prasugrel], n = 991). Major clinical outcomes at 30 days and 2 years were compared between the two groups using propensity score matching (PSM) analysis. After PSM (869 pairs), there were no significant differences between the two groups in the incidence of total death, cardiac death, myocardial infarction (MI), target vessel revascularization, stent thrombosis, and stroke at 30 days and 2 years. However, the Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) major or minor bleeding rates were significantly lower in the TAT group compared with the potent DAPT group at 2 years (6.4% vs. 3.6%, p = 0.006). In Korean AMI patients undergoing PCI, TAT with cilostazol was associated with lower bleeding than the potent P2Y12 inhibitor-based DAPT without increased ischemic risk. These results could provide a rationale for the use of TAT in East Asian AMI patients. FAU - Kim, Woohyeun
Efficacy and Safety of Prasugrel Compared With Clopidogrel for Patients With Acute Coronary Syndrome Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy comprising aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor (clopidogrel, prasugrel, or ticagrelor) is essential to prevent thrombotic complications after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). The comparative efficacy between clopidogrel at a higher loading dose (600 mg) and prasugrel is uncertain. The aim of this study was to compare efficacy and safety of clopidogrel (higher loading dose) with prasugrel (loading dose of 60 mg) along with their respective maintenance doses in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing PCI at 1 year. This is a retrospective, observational, pilot study. Patients with ACS who underwent PCI and received clopidogrel 600 mg or prasugrel 60 mg loading dose followed by maintenance doses of 75 mg and 10 mg, respectively, daily between July 1, 2009 and June 30, 2011 were enrolled. For patients who have died during the study period, investigators attempted to identify the cause of deaths through medical records or death certificates. Two hundred twenty-one patients were enrolled in the study. Primary efficacy end point, composite of death from cardiovascular causes, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or nonfatal stroke occurring through 1 year were not significantly different between the 2 treatment groups. Bleeding events were also not significant between the clopidogrel (N = 136) and prasugrel (N = 85) groups: 9.6% versus 8.2%, P = 0.85. Prasugrel is at least as effective and safe as clopidogrel in patients with ACS undergoing early invasive management. FAU - Wang, Amy
Advances in Antiplatelet and Anticoagulant Therapies for NSTE-ACS.$$$ The treatment of patients requiring anticoagulation who develop acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and/or require percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) must balance the reduction in major adverse cardiovascular events, stroke, and major bleeding. The development of direct oral anticoagulants (DOACs) for the treatment of atrial fibrillation has ushered in an era of potential treatment options for these complex patients. PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To review the clinical evidence underlying the use of DOACs for the treatment of patients with atrial fibrillation and ACS or PCI. RECENT FINDINGS: Three trials studied this particular patient population; WOEST showed that dual therapy with warfarin and clopidogrel decreased hemorrhage at 1 year compared with standard triple therapy (19.4 vs. 44.4% HR 0.36; 95% CI 0.26-0.50; P < 0.0001), without increasing thromboembolic events (11.1 vs. 17.6% HR 0.60; 95% CI 0.38-0.94; P = 0.025). PIONEER AF-PCI showed that 10-15 mg rivaroxaban plus P2Y(12) inhibitor for 12 months significantly lowered bleeding rates than standard triple therapy (16.8 vs. 26.7% HR 0.59; 95% CI 0.47-0.76; P < 0.001) and had equivalent rates of MACE. Finally, REDUAL-PCI compared two different doses of dabigatran (110 mg twice daily and 150 mg twice daily) plus P2Y(12) inhibitor with standard triple therapy and reported reduced ISTH bleeding with both doses; HR 0.52 with 110 mg dabigatran (95% CI 0.42-0.63, P < 0.001) and HR 0.72 with 150 mg dabigatran (95% CI 0.58-0.88; P = 0.002). The rate of the composite of thromboembolic events, death, or unplanned revascularizations was similar between pooled dabigatran dual therapy and triple therapy groups (13.7 vs 13.4% HR 1.04; 95% CI 0.84-1.29; P = 0.005). Recent evidence shows that DOACs plus one antiplatelet agent can decrease bleeding in patients with atrial fibrillation undergoing PCI for ACS. Although not powered to detect non-inferiority or superiority, large studies suggest rivaroxaban 10-15 mg plus P2Y(12) inhibitor for 12 months or dabigatran 150 mg twice daily plus P2y12 inhibitor for 12 months will have similar rates of MACE and stent thrombosis as triple therapy. In patients who have contraindications to DOACs, the strategy of INR-adjusted warfarin plus clopidogrel appears to be safer than warfarin plus dual antiplatelet therapy. FAU - Badjatiya, Anish
A randomized clinical trial comparing long-term clopidogrel vs aspirin monotherapy beyond dual antiplatelet therapy after drug-eluting coronary stent implantation: Design and rationale of the Harmonizing Optimal Strategy for Treatment of coronary artery stenosis-Extended Antiplatelet Monotherapy (HOST-EXAM) trial.$$$ Percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) has been developed by drug-eluting stent (DES), but stent implantation has brought the issue of stent thrombosis and optimal antiplatelet therapy. Guidelines recommend at least 6- to 12 months of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin and a P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor such as clopidogrel. Beyond DAPT after PCI with DES, however, there has been still a debate for antiplatelet regimen. Therefore, we report on the upcoming HOST-EXAM trial (NCT02044250), which will evaluate the efficacy and safety of aspirin and clopidogrel monotherapies beyond DAPT after DES implantation. TRIAL DESIGN: The HOST-EXAM is a prospective, randomized, open-label, multicenter, comparative effectiveness trial, to compare between clopidogrel (75 mg once daily) and aspirin (100 mg once daily) as long-term antiplatelet agents. A total of 5,530 patients with no clinical events during combined antiplatelet therapy for 12±6 months after index PCI will be screened, enrolled, and randomized to either group (1:1 ratio) receiving antiplatelet monotherapy for 2 years. The primary endpoint will be the rate of clinical events defined as a composite of all-cause death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, stroke, readmission due to acute coronary syndrome, or major bleeding at 24 months after randomization. CONCLUSIONS: The HOST-EXAM will be the first large-scale randomized controlled study to directly compare the efficacy and safety of long-term antiplatelet monotherapy beyond DAPT after DES implantation. This study will provide clinical evidence to establish optimal regimen for long-term antiplatelet therapy after DES implantation.
The Triangulation WIthin a STudy (TWIST) framework for causal inference within pharmacogenetic research.$$$ In this paper we review the methodological underpinnings of the general pharmacogenetic approach for uncovering genetically-driven treatment effect heterogeneity. This typically utilises only individuals who are treated and relies on fairly strong baseline assumptions to estimate what we term the 'genetically moderated treatment effect' (GMTE). When these assumptions are seriously violated, we show that a robust but less efficient estimate of the GMTE that incorporates information on the population of untreated individuals can instead be used. In cases of partial violation, we clarify when Mendelian randomization and a modified confounder adjustment method can also yield consistent estimates for the GMTE. A decision framework is then described to decide when a particular estimation strategy is most appropriate and how specific estimators can be combined to further improve efficiency. Triangulation of evidence from different data sources, each with their inherent biases and limitations, is becoming a well established principle for strengthening causal analysis. We call our framework 'Triangulation WIthin a STudy' (TWIST)' in order to emphasise that an analysis in this spirit is also possible within a single data set, using causal estimates that are approximately uncorrelated, but reliant on different sets of assumptions. We illustrate these approaches by re-analysing primary-care-linked UK Biobank data relating to CYP2C19 genetic variants, Clopidogrel use and stroke risk, and data relating to APOE genetic variants, statin use and Coronary Artery Disease. FAU - Bowden, Jack
Clopidogrel versus ticagrelor or prasugrel in patients aged 70 years or older with non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome (POPular AGE): the randomised, open-label, non-inferiority trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Current guidelines recommend potent platelet inhibition with ticagrelor or prasugrel in patients after an acute coronary syndrome. However, data about optimal platelet inhibition in older patients are scarce. We aimed to investigate the safety and efficacy of clopidogrel compared with ticagrelor or prasugrel in older patients with non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome (NSTE-ACS). METHODS: We did the open-label, randomised controlled POPular AGE trial in 12 sites (ten hospitals and two university hospitals) in the Netherlands. Patients aged 70 years or older with NSTE-ACS were enrolled and randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio using an internet-based randomisation procedure with block sizes of six to receive a loading dose of clopidogrel 300 mg or 600 mg, or ticagrelor 180 mg or prasugrel 60 mg, and then a maintenance dose for the duration of 12 months (clopidogrel 75 mg once daily, ticagrelor 90 mg twice daily, or prasugrel 10 mg once daily) on top of standard care. Patient and treating physicians were aware of the allocated treatment strategy, but the outcome assessors were masked to treatment allocation. Primary bleeding outcome consisted of PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO; major or minor bleeding [superiority hypothesis]). Co-primary net clinical benefit outcome consisted of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, stroke, PLATO major and minor bleeding (non-inferiority hypothesis, margin of 2%). Follow-up duration was 12 months. Analyses were done on intention-to-treat basis. This trial is registered with the Netherlands Trial Register (NL3804), ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02317198), and EudraCT (2013-001403-37). FINDINGS: Between June 10, 2013, and Oct 17, 2018, 1002 patients were randomly assigned to clopidogrel (n=500) or ticagrelor or prasugrel (n=502). Because 475 (95%) patients received ticagrelor in the ticagrelor or prasugrel group, we will refer to this group as the ticagrelor group. Premature discontinuation of the study drug occurred in 238 (47%) of 502 ticagrelor group patients randomly assigned to ticagrelor, and in 112 (22%) of 500 patients randomly assigned to clopidogrel. Primary bleeding outcome was significantly lower in the clopidogrel group (88 [18%] of 500 patients) than in the ticagrelor group (118 [24%] of 502; hazard ratio 0·71, 95% CI 0·54 to 0·94; p=0·02 for superiority). Co-primary net clinical benefit outcome was non-inferior for the use of clopidogrel (139 [28%]) versus ticagrelor (161 [32%]; absolute risk difference -4%, 95% CI -10·0 to 1·4; p=0·03 for non-inferiority). The most important reasons for discontinuation were occurrence of bleeding (n=38), dyspnoea (n=40), and the need for treatment with oral anticoagulation (n=35). INTERPRETATION: In patients aged 70 years or older presenting with NSTE-ACS, clopidogrel is a favourable alternative to ticagrelor, because it leads to fewer bleeding events without an increase in the combined endpoint of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, stroke, and bleeding. Clopidogrel could be an alternative P2Y12 inhibitor especially for elderly patients with a higher bleeding risk. FUNDING: ZonMw.
Prolonged use of aspirin alters human and rat intestinal cells and thereby limits the absorption of clopidogrel.$$$ Clopidogrel therapy to prevent atherothrombosis faces the challenge of reduced responsiveness. The absorption of clopidogrel is regulated by multidrug-resistance protein 1 (MDR1) in the intestinal epithelium. Given that aspirin induces MDR1 in cancer cells and peripheral blood cells, it may induce MDR1 in intestinal epithelial cells as well, thereby affecting the absorption of clopidogrel. In this study, aspirin treatment induced the expression of MDR1 in human epithelial colorectal (Caco-2) cells in vitro and in rat intestine in vivo, as evidenced by dose-dependent increases in gene, protein, and efflux function. Along with the upregulation of MDR1 proteins by aspirin, clopidogrel absorption was significantly decreased in the aspirin-treated Caco-2 cells and in rat intestine. Our data provide evidence that prolonged use of aspirin may reduce the intestinal absorption of clopidogrel. Further human studies would be necessary to clarify whether these data have any relevance to prevention of stroke or myocardial infarction. FAU - Jung, K-H
Proton pump inhibitors and gastroprotection in patients treated with antithrombotic drugs: A cardiologic point of view.$$$ Aspirin, other antiplatelet agents, and anticoagulant drugs are used across a wide spectrum of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases. A concomitant proton pump inhibitor (PPI) treatment is often prescribed in these patients, as gastrointestinal complications are relatively frequent. On the other hand, a potential increased risk of cardiovascular events has been suggested in patients treated with PPIs; in particular, it has been discussed whether these drugs may reduce the cardiovascular protection of clopidogrel, due to pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic interactions through hepatic metabolism. Previously, the concomitant use of clopidogrel and omeprazole or esomeprazole has been discouraged. In contrast, it remains less known whether PPI use may affect the clinical efficacy of ticagrelor and prasugrel, new P2Y12 receptor antagonists. Current guidelines recommend PPI use in combination with antiplatelet treatment in patients with risk factors for gastrointestinal bleeding, including advanced age, concurrent use of anticoagulants, steroids, or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, and Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) infection. In patients taking oral anticoagulant with risk factors for gastrointestinal bleeding, PPIs could be recommended, even if their usefulness deserves further data. H. pylori infection should always be investigated and treated in patients with a history of peptic ulcer disease (with or without complication) treated with antithrombotic drugs. The present review summarizes the current knowledge regarding the widespread combined use of platelet inhibitors, anticoagulants, and PPIs, discussing consequent clinical implications.
Successful endovascular treatment of three fusiform cerebral aneurysms with the Pipeline Embolization Device in a patient with dilating HIV vasculopathy.$$$ Dilating HIV vasculopathy can be a cause of ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke in patients with HIV. Although first identified in children, this condition is increasingly being recognized in adults and has a dismal natural history under medical or expectant management. Vessel wall invasion by varicella zoster virus, HIV or Mycobacterium avium intracellulare complex (MAI) has been postulated as a possible etiology. We present a case of an adult patient with HIV and chronic disseminated MAI infection who presented with ischemic stroke and three fusiform cerebral aneurysms that were successfully treated with the pipeline embolization device (PED). Flow diversion may be a viable treatment option for patients presenting with this serious neurovascular condition when aneurysm location precludes parent vessel sacrifice or surgical bypass. In addition, platelet function testing with VerifyNow may be valuable in selecting the appropriate P2Y12 receptor antagonist to be used in order to prevent PED thrombosis, since some of the antiretroviral drugs may inhibit clopidogrel or prasugrel metabolism. FAU - Delgado Almandoz, Josser E
Optimizing P2Y12 receptor inhibition in patients with acute coronary syndrome on the basis of platelet function testing: impact of prasugrel and high-dose clopidogrel.$$$ OBJECTIVES: This study sought to evaluate the impact of treatment with prasugrel and high-dose clopidogrel on the basis of platelet function testing in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) who are undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). BACKGROUND: The clinical impact of treatment with prasugrel in patients with ACS who have high platelet reactivity (HPR) is unknown. METHODS: Patients with ACS who were pre-treated with clopidogrel and undergoing successful PCI were enrolled in a single-center, prospective registry. Platelet function was measured 12 to 36 h after PCI with the Multiplate device (Roche Diagnostics GmbH, Mannheim, Germany). Patients with HPR (>46 U) were switched to prasugrel or treated with high-dose clopidogrel, and those without HPR continued treatment with 75 mg of clopidogrel. RESULTS: A total of 741 consecutive patients were enrolled in the study between September 2011 and August 2012, and 219 of these patients (29.5%) had HPR. Although platelet reactivity decreased after treatment adjustments in those with HPR, prasugrel provided significantly more potent platelet inhibition compared with high-dose clopidogrel (p < 0.0001). Compared with patients without HPR, the risk of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, or stroke at 1 year was significantly higher in the high-dose clopidogrel group (hazard ratio [HR]: 2.27; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.45 to 3.55; p < 0.0001), and patients who were switched to prasugrel had similar outcomes (HR: 0.90; 95% CI: 0.44 to 1.81; p = 0.76). Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) type 3/5 bleeding was also more frequent in patients treated with high-dose clopidogrel (HR: 2.09; 95% CI: 1.05 to 4.17; p = 0.04) than in patients switched to prasugrel (HR: 0.45; 95% CI: 0.11 to 1.91; p = 0.28). In a multivariate model, HPR with high-dose clopidogrel, but not with prasugrel, was an independent predictor of the composite ischemic endpoint (HR: 1.90; 95% CI: 1.17 to 3.08; p = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Switching patients with ACS who have HPR to treatment with prasugrel reduces thrombotic and bleeding events to a level similar to that of those without HPR; however, there is a higher risk of both thrombotic and bleeding complications with high-dose clopidogrel.
Real-World Bleeding and Ischemic Events in Asian Patients on P2Y12-Inhibitors After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A National Claims Data Analysis.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The safety and effectiveness of potent P2Y12 inhibitors in East Asians have been questioned because of the higher bleeding tendency and lower thrombotic risk in this population. We comparatively evaluated the safety, effectiveness and treatment persistence of the dual antiplatelet therapies (DAPT) with clopidogrel (CDAPT), ticagrelor (TDAPT) and prasugrel (PDAPT) after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in the Korean population. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was conducted using Korean National Health Insurance claims data. In 57,197 patients treated with DAPT after PCI, the risk of bleeding events, risk of major adverse cardiac and cerebral events (MACCE: a composite of all-cause death, myocardial infarction [MI], stroke and revascularization), risk of net adverse clinical events (NACE) and persistence and adherence rates were assessed with stabilized inverse probability of treatment weighting. RESULTS: TDAPT was associated with higher risks of bleeding (1 year: hazard ratio [HR], 1.37; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.28-1.46; prolonged: HR 1.39, 95% CI 1.31-1.47), MACCE (1 year: HR 1.10, 95% CI 1.03-1.18; prolonged: HR 1.24, 95% CI 1.16-1.31) and NACE (1 year: HR 1.23, 95% CI 1.18-1.29; prolonged: HR 1.31, 95% CI 1.25-1.36) than CDAPT both at 1 year and in the prolonged periods, whereas there were no significant differences between PDAPT and CDAPT. Similar results were also observed in a subgroup analysis of patients with baseline MI. CDAPT was associated with higher persistence and adherence rates than TDAPT and PDAPT. CONCLUSIONS: CDAPT was associated with clinical outcomes that were more favorable than those in TDAPT and comparable to those in PDAPT and drug persistence and adherence that were higher than in TDAPT or PDAPT. Clopidogrel may remain a viable first option for post-PCI DAPT in East Asian patients with a low thrombotic risk and a high bleeding tendency. FAU - Lee, Yonggu
The WOEST 2 registry : A prospective registry on antithrombotic therapy in atrial fibrillation patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients on oral anticoagulants (OACs) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) also require aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor (triple therapy). However, triple therapy increases bleeding. The use of non-vitamin K antagonist oral anticoagulants (NOACs) and stronger P2Y12 inhibitors has increased. The aim of our study was to gain insight into antithrombotic management over time. METHODS: A prospective cohort study of patients on OACs for atrial fibrillation or a mechanical heart valve undergoing PCI was performed. Thrombotic outcomes were myocardial infarction, stroke, target-vessel revascularisation and all-cause mortality. Bleeding outcome was any bleeding. We report the 30-day outcome. RESULTS: The mean age of the 758 patients was 73.5 ± 8.2 years. The CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc score was ≥ 3 in 82% and the HAS-BLED score ≥ 3 in 44%. At discharge, 47% were on vitamin K antagonists (VKAs), 52% on NOACs, 43% on triple therapy and 54% on dual therapy. Treatment with a NOAC plus clopidogrel increased from 14% in 2014 to 67% in 2019. The rate of thrombotic (4.5% vs 2.0%, p = 0.06) and bleeding (17% vs. 14%, p = 0.42) events was not significantly different in patients on VKAs versus NOACs. Also, the rate of thrombotic (2.9% vs 3.4%, p = 0.83) and bleeding (18% vs 14%, p = 0.26) events did not differ significantly between patients on triple versus dual therapy. CONCLUSIONS: Patients on combined oral anticoagulation and antiplatelet therapy undergoing PCI are elderly and have both a high bleeding and ischaemic risk. Over time, a NOAC plus clopidogrel became the preferred treatment. The rate of thrombotic and bleeding events was not significantly different between patients on triple or dual therapy or between those on VKAs versus NOACs.
Anticoagulant and Antiplatelet Prescribing Patterns for Patients with Atrial Fibrillation after Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND: Current guidelines recommend triple antithrombotic therapy (TAT), defined as acetylsalicylic acid (ASA), clopidogrel, and warfarin, for patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation who have undergone percutaneous coronary intervention with stent implantation. The choice of anticoagulant/antiplatelet therapy in this population is ambiguous and complex, and prescribing patterns are not well documented. OBJECTIVE: To characterize local prescribing patterns for anticoagulant/antiplatelet therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation. METHODS: A chart review was conducted at a single quaternary cardiology centre. Patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation were identified via medical records, and those who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention were identified using a local clinical patient registry. Adult inpatients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation and a CHADS2 score (based on congestive heart failure, hypertension, age ≥ 75 years, diabetes mellitus, prior stroke) of 1 or higher who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention from 2011 to 2013 were included. Patients undergoing cardiovascular surgery or transcatheter aortic valve replacement, those with mechanical devices requiring anticoagulation, and those with an allergy to any component of TAT were excluded. RESULTS: Seventy patients were included. The median age was 75 years, and 52 (74%) were men. At discharge, 30 (43%) were receiving TAT and 27 (39%) were receiving dual antiplatelet therapy (clopidogrel and ASA). No patients received the combination of warfarin and clopidogrel. Among those who received TAT, 90% (19 of 21) who received a bare metal stent had a recommended duration of 1 month, and 75% (6 of 8) who received a drug-eluting stent had a recommended duration of 1 year. Direct-acting oral anticoagulants with 2 antiplatelet drugs were prescribed for 9% (6 of 70) of the patients, and 10% (7 of 70) received ticagrelor and ASA with or without warfarin. Overall, the combination of ASA, oral anticoagulant, and P2Y12 inhibitor was used for 54% (38/70) of the patients. CONCLUSIONS: Fewer than half of the patients in this study received TAT, and almost 20% received non-evidence-based therapy with a direct-acting oral anticoagulant or ticagrelor, alone or in combination. Despite current guideline recommendations, the rate of TAT utilization was lower than rates reported in the literature. FAU - Woods, Erin A
Gender-related differences in antiplatelet treatment patterns and outcome: Insights from the GReekAntiPlatElet Registry. LID - 10.1111/1755-5922.12270 [doi]$$$ AIMS: Data on the clinical impact of gender in "real-life" patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), receiving clopidogrel, prasugrel, or ticagrelor are limited. We aimed to investigate sex-based differences in clinical outcome of those patients. METHODS: In a prospective, observational, multicenter, cohort study, 2047 patients were recruited into the GReekAntiPlatElet (GRAPE) Registry and were followed up until 1 year for major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE, composite of death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, urgent revascularization, and stroke) and bleeding events (Bleeding Academic Research Consortium [BARC] classification). RESULTS: Women (n=360, 17.6%) were more frequently administered clopidogrel (rather than novel P2Y(12) receptor antagonists) at PCI hospital and at discharge. MACE occurred in 9.2% and 8.1% of women and men, respectively and did not differ significantly by gender. Rate of observed bleeding BARC any type was 57.2% and 44.4% in women and men, respectively. Following adjustment, only differences in BARC any type and BARC type 1 events remained significant, with higher rates observed between women: hazard ratio (95% confidence interval) 1.51 (1.23-1.85) and 1.58 (1.27-1.96), respectively, P<.001 for both. CONCLUSIONS: In a contemporary "real-life" cohort of patients with ACS treated with PCI and focusing on antiplatelet treatment 1-year ischemic outcome does not differ by gender, while women do present more frequently not actionable bleeding events.
Ticagrelor Versus Clopidogrel as Part of Dual or Triple Antithrombotic Therapy: a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.$$$ PURPOSE: Clopidogrel is the standard P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor used in patients requiring both antiplatelet therapy and oral anticoagulation (OAC). We investigated the safety and efficacy of ticagrelor as an alternative to clopidogrel in patients on OAC. METHODS: A systematic electronic literature search was performed in MEDLINE, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library for randomised controlled studies that examined the relative safety and efficacy of clopidogrel versus ticagrelor among patients requiring therapy with antiplatelet agents plus OAC. RESULTS: Three randomised controlled trials were identified with a total of 5659 patients. The risk of clinically significant bleeding was significantly increased among patients on dual or triple antithrombotic therapy who received ticagrelor compared with patients on clopidogrel (OR 1.52, 95% CI 1.12 to 2.06, and OR 1.7, 95% CI 1.24 to 2.33, respectively). Among those on triple therapy, ticagrelor was associated with a significantly higher risk of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) compared to clopidogrel (OR 1.88, 95% CI 1.26 to 2.80). Patients who received dual therapy exhibited similar risk of MACE and stroke with ticagrelor versus clopidogrel (OR 1.14, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.56, and OR 0.42, 95% CI 0.10 to 1.74, respectively). CONCLUSION: The use of ticagrelor as part of dual or triple antithrombotic therapy is associated with significantly higher rates of clinically relevant haemorrhagic complications compared with clopidogrel. Among triple therapy-treated patients, the use of ticagrelor might increase thromboembolic and ischaemic cardiac events. FAU - Andreou, Ioannis
Comparison of 1-year clinical outcomes between prasugrel and ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in type 2 diabetes patients with acute myocardial infarction underwent successful percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ Although the new oral P2Y12 inhibitors, prasugrel/ticagrelor have shown greater efficacy than clopidogrel in patients with the acute coronary syndrome, but they have not shown better efficacy in Korean patients. So we evaluated the efficacy of the prasugrel/ticagrelor in patients with myocardial infarction (MI) and diabetes, a more high-risk patients group.From the Korea Acute Myocardial Infarction Registry-National Institute of Health, 3985 patients with MI and diabetes who underwent PCI were enrolled between November 2011 and December 2015. The patients were divided into 2 groups: clopidogrel (n = 2985) and prasugrel/ticagrelor (n = 1000).After propensity score matching, prasugrel/ticagrelor group showed a no significant difference in risk of the composite of cardiac death (CD), recurrent MI or stroke (hazard ratio [HR], 0.705; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.474-1.048; P = .084). However, the risk of major bleeding was significantly higher in the prasugrel/ticagrelor group. (HR; 2.114, 95% CI; [1.027-4.353], P = .042). In subgroup analysis, major bleeding was significantly increased in the subgroup of creatinine clearance <60 ml/min/1.73 m, hypertension, underwent a trans-femoral approach and diagnosed as NSTEMI among the prasugrel/ticagrelor group.The use of prasugrel/ticagrelor did not improve the composite of CD, recurrent MI or stroke, however, significantly increased major bleeding events in Korean patients with MI and diabetes undergoing PCI. FAU - Ahn, Kye Taek
Differential prognostic impact of high on-treatment platelet reactivity among patients with acute coronary syndromes versus stable coronary artery disease undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND: High on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) after clopidogrel is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular events after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). However, it remains unclear whether HTPR is of similar prognostic value for different clinical presentations. METHODS: We compared the prognostic impact of HTPR, measured by the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay (Accumetrics, San Diego, CA), on outcomes between 1,095 patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and 1,329 patients with stable coronary artery disease (CAD) who were treated with PCI. Before PCI, patients received optimal clopidogrel treatment (75 mg daily for at least 5 days or if <5 days, 300-600 mg loading), and platelet reactivity was measured at 24 to 48 hours after PCI. The primary end point was a composite of death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, or stroke. RESULTS: During follow-up (median, 22.0 months), HTPR was independently associated with higher risks of the primary end point (hazard ratio [HR] 2.03, 95% CI 1.30-3.18, P = .002) and mortality (HR 3.46, 95% CI 1.18-10.18, P = .02) in patients with ACS. By contrast, for patients with stable CAD, HTPR was not associated with adjusted risks of the primary end point (HR 1.00, 95% CI 0.71-1.39, P = .98) or mortality (HR 0.74, 95% CI 0.36-1.51, P = .41). Significant interactions were present between HTPR status and clinical presentations for the primary end point (P = .02) and mortality (P = .04). CONCLUSION: There was a substantial interaction between platelet reactivity on clopidogrel and clinical presentations on cardiovascular events after PCI. High on-treatment platelet reactivity was significantly associated with higher risks of cardiovascular events in ACS patients, whereas this association was absent in stable CAD patients.
Secondary Prevention with Antithrombotic Therapies in Stable Ischemic Heart Disease Patients: a Review.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Stable and unstable ischemic heart disease are a growing component in all facets of healthcare, including ER visits, hospitalizations, and financial costs. With the changing emphasis of healthcare shifting towards the outpatient setting, the onus is on clinicians to appropriately manage such patients to avoid adverse effects and complications. Antithrombotic medications, including aspirin, P2Y(12) inhibitors, and rivaroxaban, are currently prescribed or have potential roles in the management of secondary cardiovascular prevention in ischemic heart disease patients. While the majority of studies and findings involve aspirin and clopidogrel, newer oral anticoagulation drugs are arriving, prompting new research to assess their impact on preventing mortality, myocardial infarction, and stroke in such patients. RECENT FINDINGS: Aspirin has a well-established history of safety and efficacy in management of secondary cardiovascular protection in ischemic heart disease patients. A dual-antiplatelet regimen, most commonly including aspirin plus clopidogrel, has been documented to be effective as well in achieving the same goals. Newer agents, such as rivaroxaban, are being analyzed to see if there is scope to include these agents for secondary prevention. One recent study, the COMPASS trial, revealed the major concern of these newer medications: while better cardiovascular outcomes were achieved in subjects on aspirin plus rivaroxaban, this was accomplished in the setting of a higher rate of major bleeding events. In conclusion, the evidence thus far has not been significant enough for the American College of Cardiology to recommend the incorporation of oral anticoagulants in the management of stable ischemic heart disease patients, in contrast to aspirin and clopidogrel. As the antithrombotic and antiischemic properties of these newer agents seem evident, so does their potential for increase in risk of bleeding events. Doctors have to individually tailor antithrombotic medication decisions based on the patient's risk-benefit profile. FAU - Shanker, Aaron
The Effect of Ticagrelor on Platelet Reactivity in Patients with Clopidogrel Resistance Undergoing Neuroendovascular Procedures.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Suboptimal platelet inhibition by clopidogrel (clopidogrel resistance) may be associated with high rates of stent thrombosis and ischemic events. Our objective was to determine if ticagrelor, a P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor, can result in platelet inhibition in patients with clopidogrel resistance. METHODS: A thromboelastography-platelet mapping assay was used in all patients undergoing neuroendovascular procedures requiring oral clopidogrel. In patients with suboptimal platelet inhibition (<60%) on clopidogrel, ticagrelor was imitated after an oral bolus of 180 mg followed by 90 mg twice daily and the platelet mapping assay was repeated. The primary endpoint was hemorrhagic complications classified as major (hemoglobin decrease >5 g/dL or intracranial hemorrhage with deficits), minor (hemoglobin decrease 3-5 g/dL or intracranial hemorrhage without residual deficits), or insignificant. RESULTS: Suboptimal platelet inhibition on clopidogrel was seen in 70 of 106 patients undergoing neuroendovascular procedures. There was a significantly higher magnitude of platelet inhibition with ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel in patients with clopidogrel resistance (mean ± SD: 85.90 ± 10.74% vs. 29.26 ± 17.71%; P < .001); 50 of 70 patients showed optimal inhibition. Two patients had major (fatal) hemorrhagic events (both received either intravenous thrombolytics and/or eptifibatide infusion). Three patients had minor hemorrhagic events, and two patients had insignificant hemorrhagic events. Four of seven hemorrhagic events occurred in patients with optimal response to clopidogrel, two occurred in patients with suboptimal response to ticagrelor, and one occurred in a patient with optimal response to ticagrelor. CONCLUSIONS: Oral ticagrelor can augment platelet inhibition in patients who have clopidogrel resistance.
Ticagrelor: a review of its use in the management of acute coronary syndromes.$$$ Ticagrelor (Brilique™; Brilinta™), a cyclopentyl-triazolo-pyrimidine antiplatelet agent, is the first oral antagonist of the P2Y(12) receptor to offer reversible receptor binding. It is indicated in the EU for the prevention of atherothrombotic events in adults with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) [unstable angina pectoris, ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction [STEMI] or non-STEMI), including those managed medically or with percutaneous coronary intervention or coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). Ticagrelor provides selective and reversible inhibition of adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet aggregation, with a faster onset and offset of action than that of clopidogrel, and is effective in the treatment of patients with ACS, with or without ST-segment elevation. In the large, randomized, double-blind, multicentre PLATO trial conducted in this patient population, ticagrelor was more effective than clopidogrel in terms of preventing ischaemic events over 12 months, providing a significantly lower risk of the primary composite endpoint of myocardial infarction, stroke or death from vascular causes, and was associated with an overall mortality benefit. The risk of major bleeding with ticagrelor, including bleeds related to CABG, did not differ from that seen with clopidogrel in this study, although ticagrelor was associated with more non-CABG-related major bleeds and fatal intracranial bleeding, albeit the latter bleeding events were rare. Further long-term and comparative efficacy and tolerability data are required to definitively position ticagrelor with respect to other antiplatelet agents, including prasugrel. However, the clinical data currently available indicate that ticagrelor is a promising option for the treatment of patients with ACS and may be of particular use in those at high risk of ischaemic events or unresponsive to clopidogrel.
Incidence of aspirin resistance is higher in patients with acute coronary syndrome and atrial fibrillation than without atrial fibrillation.$$$ In patients with atrial fibrillation, standard anticoagulation with a vitamin K antagonist plus dual antiplatelet therapy with a P2Y12 inhibitor and aspirin is the standard of care after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). While this therapy reduces the risk of thrombosis and stroke, it increases the risk of bleeding. It is unclear whether the antiplatelet effect of aspirin and clopidogrel may worsen atrial fibrillation (AF). OBJECTIVE Thus we aimed to analyze platelet aspirin resistance (AR) and clopidogrel resistance (CR) in acute coronary (ACS) patients based on sinus rhythm (SR) and AF. METHODS In this prospective trial, we included 543 patients (mean age: 62± 12 years; range: 26 - 89 years) who were on aspirin and clopidogrel therapy after the diagnosis of acute coronary syndrome. AR and CR were analyzed by a Multiplate® MP-0120 device by using the method of whole blood aggregometry. RESULTS AF patients had significantly higher age, mean platelet volume, and High-Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein (p< 0.01 for each parameter). Similarly, Arachidonic-acid induced (ASPI) aggregation was higher in AF patients compared to SR patients (666±218 vs. 187±179, p<0.001). Among the ACS patients, significantly more female patients had AF (p<0.001). The incidence of hypertension in the AF group was higher compared to the SR group (p<0.001). However, adenosine diphosphate levels were not at a significant level in the two groups. CONCLUSION Our findings indicate that the platelet inhibitory effect of Aspirin was worse for patients with AF, suggesting that the effectiveness of aspirin may be less in the prophylaxis of thromboembolism and more a bleeding risk. FAU - Baş, Hasan Aydin
Prasugrel versus ticagrelor in patients with myocardial infarction undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The comparative efficacy and safety of prasugrel and ticagrelor in patients with myocardial infarction (MI) treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) remain unclear. We aimed to investigate the association of treatment with clinical outcomes. METHODS: In the SWEDEHEART (Swedish Web-system for enhancement and development of evidence-based care in heart disease evaluated according to recommended therapies) registry, all patients with MI treated with PCI and discharged on prasugrel or ticagrelor from 2010 to 2016 were included. Outcomes were 1-year major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCE, death, MI or stroke), individual components and bleeding. Multivariable adjustment, inverse probability of treatment weighting (IPTW) and propensity score matching (PSM) were used to adjust for confounders. RESULTS: We included 37 990 patients, 2073 in the prasugrel group and 35 917 in the ticagrelor group. Patients in the prasugrel group were younger, more often admitted with ST elevation MI and more likely to have diabetes. Six to twelve months after discharge, 20% of patients in each group discontinued the P2Y12 receptor inhibitor they received at discharge. The risk for MACCE did not significantly differ between prasugrel-treated and ticagrelor-treated patients (adjusted HR 1.03, 95% CI 0.86 to 1.24). We found no significant difference in the adjusted risk for death, recurrent MI or stroke alone between the two treatments. There was no significant difference in the risk for bleeding with prasugrel versus ticagrelor (2.5% vs 3.2%, adjusted HR 0.92, 95% CI 0.69 to 1.22). IPTW and PSM analyses confirmed the results. CONCLUSION: In patients with MI treated with PCI, prasugrel and ticagrelor were associated with similar efficacy and safety during 1-year follow-up.
Impact of provincial and national implementation strategies on P2Y12 inhibitor utilization for acute coronary syndrome in the elderly: an interrupted time series analysis from 2008 to 2018.$$$ BACKGROUND: Guidelines recommend both acetylsalicylic acid and ticagrelor following acute coronary syndrome (ACS), but appropriate prescription practices lag. We analyzed the impact of government medication approval, national guideline updates, and publicly funded drug coverage plans on P2Y12 inhibitor utilization. METHODS: Accessing provincial databases, we obtained data for elderly ACS patients in Ontario, Canada, between 2008 and 2018. Using interrupted-time series with descriptive statistics and segmented regression analysis, we evaluated types of P2Y12 inhibitors prescribed at discharge and changes to their utilization in patients managed with percutaneous intervention (PCI), coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) or medically, following national antiplatelet therapy guidelines (by the Canadian Cardiovascular Society), ticagrelor's national approval by Health Canada, and ticagrelor's coverage by a publicly funded medication plan. RESULTS: We included 114,142 patients (49.4%-PCI; mean age 75.71±6.94 and 62.3% male and 7.7%-CABG; mean age 74.11±5.63 and 73.5% male). Among PCI patients, clopidogrel utilization declined monthly after 2010 national guidelines were published (p<0.0001) and within the first month after ticagrelor's national approval by Health Canada (p=0.03). Among PCI patients, ticagrelor utilization increased within the first month (p<0.0001) and continued increasing monthly (p<0.0001) after its coverage by a publicly funded medication plan. Among PCI patients, clopidogrel utilization declined within the first month (p=0.003) and ticagrelor utilization increased monthly (p=0.05) after 2012 CCS guidelines. Among CABG patients, ticagrelor's coverage was associated with a monthly increase in its utilization (p<0.0001). CONCLUSION: National guideline updates and drug coverage by a publicly funded medication plan significantly improved P2Y12 inhibitor utilization. Barriers to appropriate antiplatelet therapy in the surgical population must be explored. FAU - Gupta, Saurabh
Dual antiplatelet therapy with prasugrel or ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in interventional cardiology.$$$ For several years, clopidogrel plus aspirin has been the dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) of choice for patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with stent implantation. More recently, prasugrel and ticagrelor have demonstrated greater efficacy than clopidogrel. In TRITON-TIMI 38, the risk of TIMI major bleeding unrelated to coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery was similar for prasugrel and clopidogrel after excluding subgroups with increased bleeding risk (previous stroke or transient ischemic event; age ≥75 years; weight <60 kg). In the PLATO trial, rates of TIMI major bleeding were similar for ticagrelor and clopidogrel, but ticagrelor was associated with a significantly higher rate of non-CABG-related TIMI major bleeding. Current evidence suggests that prasugrel or ticagrelor plus aspirin should be the DAPT of choice in patients with ACS undergoing PCI unless they are at particularly high risk of bleeding. No studies have yet compared prasugrel and ticagrelor in ACS patients, however prasugrel and ticagrelor have different side effect profiles, and the choice of agent should be made either as a default choice and/or on an individual patient basis. Ongoing trials in ACS patients will increase the evidence base for new P2Y(12) receptor inhibitors and help to establish the most effective DAPT regimens. FAU - Clemmensen, Peter
Multicenter randomized trial evaluating the efficacy of cilostazol on ischemic vascular complications after drug-eluting stent implantation for coronary heart disease: results of the CILON-T (influence of CILostazol-based triple antiplatelet therapy ON ischemic complication after drug-eluting stenT implantation) trial.$$$ OBJECTIVES: We aimed to test whether cilostazol has beneficial effects in the real-world patients treated with intracoronary drug-eluting stents (DES). BACKGROUND: The addition of cilostazol on the conventional dual antiplatelet therapy has been reported to reduce platelet reactivity and to improve clinical outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention in previous studies. METHODS: In a randomized multicenter trial, we enrolled 960 patients who received DES. They were randomized to receive either dual antiplatelet therapy (DAT) (aspirin and clopidogrel) or triple antiplatelet therapy (TAT) (aspirin, clopidogrel, and cilostazol) for 6 months. Primary end point was the composite of cardiac death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, or target lesion revascularization (TLR). Secondary end points were P2Y₁₂ reaction unit (PRU) measured with the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay (Accumetrics, San Diego, California) at discharge and at 6 months after the index procedure. All-cause death, stent thrombosis, and each component of the primary end point at 6 months were other secondary end points. Analysis was done on an intention-to-treat basis. RESULTS: At 6 months' follow-up, there was no difference in the primary end point between the 2 groups (8.5% in TAT vs. 9.2% in DAT, p = 0.74). In secondary end point analysis, the TAT group achieved lower PRU levels than the DAT group both at discharge (206.6 ± 90.3 PRU vs. 232.2 ± 80.3 PRU, p < 0.001) and at 6 months (210.7 ± 87.9 PRU vs. 255.7 ± 73.7 PRU, p < 0.001). In the Cox proportional hazards analysis, lesion length (≥28 mm, hazard ratio [HR]: 2.10, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.25 to 3.52), and PRU level at discharge (every increase in tertile, HR: 1.61, 95% CI: 1.16 to 2.25) were predictors of the primary end point, but not the use of cilostazol (HR: 0.90, 95% CI: 0.54 to 1.52). CONCLUSIONS: Despite the greater reduction of platelet reactivity by addition of cilostazol to conventional DAT, TAT did not show superiority in reducing the composite of adverse cardiovascular outcomes after DES implantation. (The Efficacy of CILostazol ON Ischemic Complications After DES Implantation [CILON-T]; NCT00776828).
Ticagrelor or clopidogrel dual antiplatelet therapy following a pharmacoinvasive strategy in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To describe and evaluate outcomes in STEMI patients sustained on clopidogrel compared to those switched to ticagrelor following fibrinolysis. BACKGROUND: World-wide, many STEMI patients cannot achieve timely PCI and therefore require fibrinolysis. Although comparable 30-day and 1-year safety was shown with clopidogrel or ticagrelor in the TREAT study, there is paucity of long-term outcomes in pharmacoinvasive treated STEMI. METHODS: We conducted an observational cohort study evaluating consecutive pharmacoinvasive STEMI patients treated in a network, comparing those switched to ticagrelor to those sustained on clopidogrel. The primary efficacy composite was one-year all-cause death, recurrent myocardial infarction, and stroke with major bleeding and intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) as the safety outcomes. Multivariable Cox regression model was used to examine the association between P2Y12 inhibitor and outcomes with inverse probability weighting. RESULTS: Of 1426 pharmacoinvasive STEMI patients, 28% (n = 396) were converted to ticagrelor at a mean of 9.9 h after fibrinolysis with comparable GRACE Risk Scores (median; 158 vs 157, p0.352). The primary composite occurred in 3.5% of ticagrelor and 7.0% of clopidogrel treated patients (p0.014). Following adjustment, ticagrelor was associated with a 54% lower composite outcome (adjusted HR 0.46, 95% confidence interval 0.26-0.84). Major bleeding 6.3% vs 6.1% (NS) and ICH 0.0% vs 0.2% (NS) were similar. CONCLUSIONS: In a prospective STEMI cohort, switching to ticagrelor compared with sustaining clopidogrel following fibrinolysis pharmacoinvasive reperfusion reduced recurrent ischemic events at 1-year with no differences in major bleeding or ICH. Aligned with randomized data, these findings provide support to switch pharmaco-invasively treated STEMI patients.
[Comparison on long-term effects of atorvastatin or pravastatin combined with clopidogrel for patients undergoing coronary stenting: a randomized controlled trial].$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the long-term therapeutic effects of atorvastatin via cytochrome P450 (CYP)3A4 pathway or a non-CYP 3A4 pathway statin, pravastatin, combined with clopidogrel for the patients undergoing coronary stenting. METHODS: Between February 2006 and March 2007, a total of 1275 patients undergoing successful coronary stenting were randomly assigned to receive atorvastatin 20 mg/d (n = 638) or pravastatin 20 mg/d (n = 637). All patients received standard clopidogrel therapy. The primary end point was cardiac and cerebral ischemic events at 12 months, defined as a composite of cardiac death, non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI) or stroke. The secondary end points were major adverse cardiac and cerebral events (MACCE), stent thrombosis and TIMI hemorrhagic events at 12 months. RESULTS: The baseline clinical characteristics, angiographic and PCI result were comparable between two groups. At 12 month follow-up, no significant difference was observed in cardiac and cerebral ischemic events between two groups (4.7% vs 5.5%, P > 0.05). Also no significant difference existed in rate of cardiac death (1.9% vs 2.5%, P > 0.05), non-fatal MI (0.5% vs 0.3% , P > 0.05), stroke (2.4% vs 2.7%, P > 0.05) and TVR (7.7% vs 5.5%, P > 0.05) between two groups. The rates of MACCE (12.4% vs 11.0%, P > 0.05), stent thrombosis (2.0% vs 2.5%, P > 0.05) and hemorrhagic events (13.0% vs 12.2%, P > 0. 05) were similar between two groups. CONCLUSION: The 12 month clinical outcomes were similar between patients receiving atorvastatin 20 mg/d or pravastatin 20 mg/d combined with clopidogrel after coronary stenting. It confirmed the efficacy and safety of the combination of clopidogrel with statins via different metabolic pathways. FAU - Han, Ya-Ling
High glycated albumin is an independent predictor of low response to clopidogrel in ACS patients: a cross-sectional study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Glycated albumin (GA) is a marker of short-term glycemic control and is strongly associated with the occurrence of diabetes. Previous studies have shown an association between GA and the effect of clopidogrel therapy on ischemic stroke. However, limited information is available regarding this relationship in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients. In this study, we evaluated the effect of GA on platelet P2Y12 inhibition by clopidogrel in patients with ACS. METHODS: Consecutive Chinese patients with ACS who received loading or maintenance doses of clopidogrel in addition to aspirin were recruited. At least 12 h after the patient had taken the clopidogrel dose, thromboelastography (TEG) and light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) were used to calculate the quantitative platelet inhibition rate to determine clopidogrel-induced antiplatelet reactivity. A prespecified cutoff of the maximum amplitude of adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-induced platelet-fibrin clot strength > 47 mm plus an ADP-induced platelet inhibition rate < 50% assessed by TEG or ADP-induced platelet aggregation > 40% assessed by LTA to indicate low responsiveness to clopidogrel were applied for evaluation. Patients were categorized into two groups based on a GA level of 15.5%, the cutoff point indicating the development of early-phase diabetes. Multivariate linear regression analysis was used to assess the interaction of GA with clopidogrel antiplatelet therapy. RESULTS: A total of 1021 participants were evaluated, and 28.3% of patients (289 of 1021) had low responsiveness to clopidogrel assessed by TEG. In patients with elevated GA levels, low responsiveness to clopidogrel assessed by TEG was observed in 33.7% (139 of 412) of patients, which was a significantly higher rate than that in the lower-GA-level group (24.6%, P = 0.002). According to multivariate linear regression analysis, a GA level > 15.5% was independently associated with low responsiveness to clopidogrel after adjustment for age, sex and other conventional confounding factors. This interaction was not mediated by a history of diabetes mellitus. A GA level ≤ 15.5% was associated with a high positive value [75.4%, 95% CI 73.0-77.6%] for predicting a normal responsiveness to clopidogrel. CONCLUSIONS: GA could be a potential biomarker to predict the effects of clopidogrel antiplatelet therapy in ACS patients and might be a clinical biomarker to guide DAPT de-escalation. FAU - Zhao, Xiliang
Ticagrelor in ST-elevation myocardial infarction.$$$ Ticagrelor is a new oral antagonist of the platelet P2Y₁₂ receptor that offers several potential advantages compared to clopidogrel including faster and more effective inhibition of platelet aggregation. Ticagrelor has been compared to clopidogrel in the PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial in a broad population of patients with acute coronary syndrome showing a reduction of the 12-month risk of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction and stroke without increasing the overall risk of major bleeding. In a subanalysis of the PLATO trial focusing on patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction, ticagrelor results were consistent with those of the overall trial. Additionally, possible pleiotropic effects of ticagrelor, including an appealing interaction with adenosine, might constitute a specific advantage in this particular subset of patients. FAU - Sgueglia, Gregory A
Cost-effectiveness of ticagrelor in acute coronary syndromes.$$$ Ticagrelor is a reversibly binding oral P2Y(12) inhibitor, which belongs to a novel chemical class of antiplatelet agents named cyclopentyl-triazolo-pyrimidines. Ticagrelor administered with acetylsalicylic acid has been shown to reduce the rate of the composite end point of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction or stroke without an increase in the rate of overall major bleeding compared with clopidogrel plus acetylsalicylic acid in patients with acute coronary syndromes. In addition to these clinical findings, it has been shown that the cost per quality-adjusted life year with ticagrelor is below the generally acceptable thresholds for cost-effectiveness compared with clopidogrel. Healthcare decision-makers need to consider the costs and cost-effectiveness when prioritizing treatments among scarce healthcare resources. This is of particular importance in cases similar to ticagrelor, where the novel treatment is expected to improve effectiveness at a higher acquisition cost. In this article, the authors review and discuss the health-economic evidence of ticagrelor. FAU - Henriksson, Martin
Long-term use of clopidogrel versus ticagrelor or prasugrel in patients with acute myocardial infarction after percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: To compare the long-term clinical outcomes of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with clopidogrel and DAPT with ticagrelor or prasugrel in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) who underwent coronary intervention. METHODS: Between November 2011 and December 2015, a total of 13,104 patients with AMI were enrolled in the Korea Acute Myocardial Infarction Registry-National Institutes of Health (KAMIR-NIH) registry. Among them, 4,696 patients who received DAPT for more than 24 months were categorized into two groups: the clopidogrel group (n = 4,053) and ticagrelor or prasugrel group (n = 643). Propensity score matching (PSM) was used to reduce the bias due to confounding variables. Following PSM, the impacts of P2Y12 inhibitors on the clinical outcomes in both groups were compared during a 36-month clinical follow-up period. RESULTS: There were no significant differences in clinical outcomes in terms of cardiac death (7.1% vs. 9.7%, p = 0.101), stroke (1.4% vs. 1.0%, p = 0.436), major bleeding (0.5% vs. 0.8%, p = 0.478), major adverse cardiac events (MACE) (21.6% vs. 20.5%, p = 0.626), and net adverse cardiac event (NACE) (22.1% vs. 21.3%, p = 0.731) between the groups. The ticagrelor or prasugrel group had a lower incidence of recurrent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) (12.2% vs. 7.6%, p = 0.006) than the clopidogrel group. However, no differences were observed in the cumulative incidences of 3-year NACE between the ticagrelor or prasugrel and clopidogrel groups. CONCLUSIONS: Cumulative incidences of long-term NACE did not differ between the two groups. Therefore, the type and duration of DAPT should be customized for each patient with AMI.
Feasibility and comparability of different platelet function tests in acute stroke with or without prior antiplatelet therapy.$$$ BACKGROUND: The clinical course of ischemic and hemorrhagic strokes can be influenced by the coagulation status of individual patients. The prior use of antiplatelet therapy (APT) such as acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) or P2Y12-antagonists has been inconsistently described as possibly increasing the risk of hemorrhagic transformation or expansion. Since clinical studies describing prior use of antiplatelet medication are overwhelmingly lacking specific functional tests, we aimed to implement testing in routine stroke care. METHODS: We used fluorescence-activated cell sorting (FACS) with antibodies against CD61 for thrombocyte identification and CD62p or platelet activation complex-1 (PAC-1) to determine platelet activation. Aggregometry and automated platelet functioning analyzer (PFA-200) were employed to test thrombocyte reactivity. FACS and aggregometry samples were stimulated in vitro with arachidonic acid (AA) and adenosine diphosphate (ADP) to measure increase in CD62p-/PAC-1-expression or aggregation, respectively. RESULTS: Between February and July 2023, 20 blood samples (n = 11 ischemic strokes; n = 7 hemorrhagic strokes; n = 2 controls) were acquired and analyzed within 24 h of symptom onset. N = 11 patients had taken ASA, n = 8 patients no APT and n = 1 ASA+clopidogrel. ASA intake compared to no APT was associated with lower CD62p expression after stimulation with AA on FACS analysis (median 15.8% [interquartile range {IQR} 12.6-37.2%] vs. 40.1% [IQR 20.3-56.3%]; p = 0.020), lower platelet aggregation (9.0% [IQR 7.0-12.0%] vs. 88.5% [IQR 11.8-92.0%]; p = 0.015) and longer time to plug formation with PFA-200 (248.0 s [IQR 157.0-297] vs. 121.5 s [IQR 99.8-174.3]; p = 0.027). Significant correlations were noted between AA-induced CD62p expression and aggregometry analysis (n = 18; ρ = 0.714; p < 0.001) as well as a negative correlation between CD62p increase and PFA clot formation time (n = 18; ρ = -0.613; p = 0.007). Sensitivity for ASA intake was highest for PFA (81.8% for values ≥155.5 s). The combination of ASA + clopidogrel also affected ADP-induced CD62p and PAC-1 expression. CONCLUSION: In the clinical setting it is feasible to use differentiated platelet analytics to determine alterations caused by antiplatelet therapy. Among the tests under investigation, PFA-200 showed the highest sensitivity for the intake of ASA in stroke patients. FACS analysis on the other hand might be able to provide a more nuanced approach to altered platelet reactivity.
Ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in patients with ST-elevation acute coronary syndromes intended for reperfusion with primary percutaneous coronary intervention: A Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial subgroup analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Aspirin and clopidogrel are recommended for patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) or undergoing coronary stenting. Ticagrelor, a reversible oral P2Y12-receptor antagonist, provides faster, greater, and more consistent platelet inhibition than clopidogrel and may be useful for patients with acute ST-segment elevation (STE) ACS and planned primary percutaneous coronary intervention. METHODS AND RESULT: Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes (PLATO), a randomized, double-blind trial, compared ticagrelor with clopidogrel for the prevention of vascular events in 18 624 ACS patients. This report concerns the 7544 ACS patients with STE or left bundle-branch block allocated to either ticagrelor 180-mg loading dose followed by 90 mg twice daily or clopidogrel 300-mg loading dose (with provision for 300 mg clopidogrel at percutaneous coronary intervention) followed by 75 mg daily for 6 to 12 months. The reduction of the primary end point (myocardial infarction, stroke, or cardiovascular death) with ticagrelor versus clopidogrel (10.8% versus 9.4%; hazard ratio [HR], 0.87; 95% confidence interval, 0.75 to 1.01; P=0.07) was consistent with the overall PLATO results. There was no interaction between presentation with STE/left bundle-branch block and randomized treatment (interaction P=0.29). Ticagrelor reduced several secondary end points, including myocardial infarction alone (HR, 0.80; P=0.03), total mortality (HR, 0.82; P=0.05), and definite stent thrombosis (HR, 0.66; P=0.03). The risk of stroke, low in both groups, was higher with ticagrelor (1.7% versus 1.0%; HR,1.63; 95% confidence interval, 1.07 to 2.48; P=0.02). Ticagrelor did not affect major bleeding (HR, 0.98; P=0.76). CONCLUSION: In patients with STE-ACS and planned primary percutaneous coronary intervention, the effects of ticagrelor were consistent with those observed in the overall PLATO trial. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: http://www.ClinicalTrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT00391872. FAU - Steg, Philippe Gabriel
Use of clopidogrel and calcium channel blockers and risk of major adverse cardiovascular events.$$$ BACKGROUND: The CYP3A4 inhibition by calcium channel blockers (CCBs) may attenuate the effectiveness of clopidogrel. Using time-varying drug exposure ascertainment, we examined whether CCB use modified the association between clopidogrel use and major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) after coronary stent implantation. DESIGN: We conducted this population-based cohort study in western Denmark (population 3 million) using medical databases. We identified all 13,001 patients with coronary stent implantation between 2002 and 2005 and their comorbidities. During 12-month follow-up, we tracked the use of clopidogrel and CCBs and the rate of MACE (composite of myocardial infarction, ischaemic stroke, stent thrombosis, target lesion revascularization, or cardiac death). We used Cox regression to compute hazard ratios, controlling for potential confounders. RESULTS: Overall, the 12-month risk for MACE was 14·5%. The rate was 130 per 1000 person years for concomitant clopidogrel and CCB use, 106 for clopidogrel without CCB use, 213 for CCB without clopidogrel use, and 248 for no use of either drug. The adjusted hazard ratio for MACE comparing clopidogrel use with nonuse was 0·52 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0·42-0·64] for CCB users and 0·48 (95% CI: 0·42-0·54) for nonusers, yielding an interaction effect, i.e. relative rate increase, of 1·09 (95% CI: 0·86-1·38). The adjusted hazard ratio for MACE comparing CCB use with nonuse was 1·06 (95% CI: 0·89-1·25) among clopidogrel users. CONCLUSIONS: Concomitant use of CCBs as a class did not modify the protective effect of clopidogrel and was not associated with increased cardiovascular risk among patients using clopidogrel after coronary stent implantation.
Temporary omission of oral anticoagulation in atrial fibrillation patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: rationale and design of the WOEST-3 randomised trial.$$$ The optimal antithrombotic management of atrial fibrillation (AF) patients who require oral anticoagulation (OAC) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) remains unclear. Current guidelines recommend dual antithrombotic therapy (DAT; OAC plus P2Y(12) inhibitor - preferably clopidogrel) after a short course of triple antithrombotic therapy (TAT; DAT plus aspirin). Although DAT reduces bleeding risk compared to TAT, this is counterbalanced by an increase in ischaemic events. Aspirin provides early ischaemic benefit, but TAT is associated with an increased haemorrhagic burden; therefore, we propose a 30-day dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT; aspirin plus P2Y(12) inhibitor) strategy post-PCI, temporarily omitting OAC. The study aims to compare bleeding and ischaemic risk between a 30-day DAPT strategy following PCI and a guideline-directed therapy in AF patients requiring OAC. WOEST-3 (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT04436978) is an investigator-initiated, international, open-label, randomised controlled trial (RCT). AF patients requiring OAC who have undergone successful PCI will be randomised within 72 hours after PCI to guideline-directed therapy (edoxaban plus P2Y(12) inhibitor plus limited duration of aspirin) or a 30-day DAPT strategy (P2Y(12) inhibitor plus aspirin, immediately discontinuing OAC) followed by DAT (edoxaban plus P2Y(12) inhibitor). With a sample size of 2,000 patients, this trial is powered to assess both superiority for major or clinically relevant non-major bleeding and non-inferiority for a composite of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, stroke, systemic embolism or stent thrombosis. In summary, the WOEST-3 trial is the first RCT temporarily omitting OAC in AF patients, comparing a 30-day DAPT strategy with guideline-directed therapy post-PCI to reduce bleeding events without hampering efficacy. FAU - Verburg, Ashley
Comparison of prasugrel and clopidogrel-treated patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: A propensity score-matched analysis of the Acute Myocardial Infarction in Switzerland (AMIS)-Plus Registry.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate outcomes of patients treated with prasugrel or clopidogrel after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in a nationwide acute coronary syndrome (ACS) registry. BACKGROUND: Prasugrel was found to be superior to clopidogrel in a randomized trial of ACS patients undergoing PCI. However, little is known about its efficacy in everyday practice. METHODS: All ACS patients enrolled in the Acute Myocardial Infarction in Switzerland (AMIS)-Plus registry undergoing PCI and being treated with a thienopyridine P2Y12 inhibitor between January 2010-December 2013 were included in this analysis. Patients were stratified according to treatment with prasugrel or clopidogrel and outcomes were compared using propensity score matching. The primary endpoint was a composite of death, recurrent infarction and stroke at hospital discharge. RESULTS: Out of 7621 patients, 2891 received prasugrel (38%) and 4730 received clopidogrel (62%). Independent predictors of in-hospital mortality were age, Killip class >2, STEMI, Charlson comorbidity index >1, and resuscitation prior to admission. After propensity score matching (2301 patients per group), the primary endpoint was significantly lower in prasugrel-treated patients (3.0% vs 4.3%; p=0.022) while bleeding events were more frequent (4.1% vs 3.0%; p=0.048). In-hospital mortality was significantly reduced (1.8% vs 3.1%; p=0.004), but no significant differences were observed in rates of recurrent infarction (0.8% vs 0.7%; p=1.00) or stroke (0.5% vs 0.6%; p=0.85). In a predefined subset of matched patients with one-year follow-up (n=1226), mortality between discharge and one year was not significantly reduced in prasugrel-treated patients (1.3% vs 1.9%, p=0.38). CONCLUSIONS: In everyday practice in Switzerland, prasugrel is predominantly used in younger patients with STEMI undergoing primary PCI. A propensity score-matched analysis suggests a mortality benefit from prasugrel compared with clopidogrel in these patients.
Comparison of Ischemic and Bleeding Events Between Short-Duration Versus Long-Duration Tirofiban Regimens in Patients With ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.$$$ Tirofiban has been used historically as a bridge to platelet inhibition with clopidogrel in ST-segment myocardial infarction (STEMI) during percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) to prevent stent thrombosis. However, ticagrelor and prasugrel reach similar levels of platelet inhibition at 30 minutes to that of clopidogrel at 6 hours, challenging the need for long-duration tirofiban. This 1-year, retrospective cohort study compared ischemic and bleeding outcomes of short-duration versus long-duration tirofiban regimens in patients with STEMI who received ticagrelor or prasugrel at the time of PCI. The primary outcome was major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs) including cardiovascular mortality, recurrent myocardial infarction, urgent target vessel revascularization, or stroke. Secondary outcomes included individual MACE, all-cause mortality, bleeding events defined by the International Society on Thrombosis and Hemostasis, thirty-day readmissions for MACE and bleeding, and tirofiban pharmacy cost. A total of 283 charts were reviewed and 177 included (short duration n = 57; long duration n = 120). MACE rates were similar between short-duration and long-duration groups (0 [0%] vs. 5 [4.2%]; P = 0.18), including 4 cardiovascular deaths and 1 recurrent myocardial infarction. Bleeding event rates were also similar in short-duration versus long-duration groups including major bleeds (2 [3.5%] vs. 2 [1.7%]; P = 0.60) and clinically relevant nonmajor bleeds (3 [5.3%] vs. 9 [7.5%]; P = 0.75). Cost analysis indicated lower pharmacy cost with the short-duration group. In this cohort of patients with STEMI receiving a fast-acting P2Y12 inhibitor, the length of tirofiban infusion did not affect ischemic or bleeding outcomes, yet short-duration regimens were lower cost.
Indobufen or Aspirin on Top of Clopidogrel After Coronary Drug-Eluting Stent Implantation (OPTION): A Randomized, Open-Label, End Point-Blinded, Noninferiority Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin as a background therapy has become the standard care after percutaneous coronary intervention. However, some adverse noncardiac effects limited the use of aspirin in clinical practice. Thus, evaluation of pharmacological alternatives to aspirin is attractive. Previous data indicated that indobufen could lessen the unwanted side effects of aspirin while retaining the antithrombotic efficacy, but its combination with a P2Y(12) inhibitor still lacks randomized clinical trial evidence. METHODS: In this randomized, open-label, noninferiority trial, patients with negative cardiac troponin undergoing coronary drug-eluting stent implantation were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive either indobufen-based DAPT (indobufen 100 mg twice a day plus clopidogrel 75 mg/d for 12 months) or conventional DAPT (aspirin 100 mg/d plus clopidogrel 75 mg/d for 12 months). The primary end point was a 1-year composite of cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, definite or probable stent thrombosis, or Bleeding Academic Research Consortium criteria type 2, 3, or 5 bleeding. The end points were adjudicated by an independent Clinical Event Committee. RESULTS: Between January 11, 2018, and October 12, 2020, 4551 patients were randomized in 103 cardiovascular centers: 2258 patients to the indobufen-based DAPT group and 2293 to the conventional DAPT group. The primary end point occurred in 101 patients (4.47%) in the indobufen-based DAPT group and 140 patients (6.11%) in the conventional DAPT group (absolute difference, -1.63%; P(noninferiority)<0.001; hazard ratio, 0.73 [95% CI, 0.56-0.94]; P=0.015). Cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, and stent thrombosis were observed in 0.13%, 0.40%, 0.80%, and 0.22% of patients in the indobufen-based DAPT group and 0.17%, 0.44%, 0.83%, and 0.17% of patients in the conventional DAPT group (all P>0.05). The occurrence of Bleeding Academic Research Consortium criteria type 2, 3, or 5 bleeding events was lower in the indobufen-based DAPT group compared with the conventional DAPT group (2.97% versus 4.71%; hazard ratio, 0.63 [95% CI, 0.46-0.85]; P=0.002), with the main decrease in type 2 bleeding (1.68% versus 3.49%; hazard ratio, 0.48 [95% CI, 0.33-0.70]; P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: In Chinese patients with negative cardiac troponin undergoing drug-eluting stent implantation, indobufen plus clopidogrel DAPT compared with aspirin plus clopidogrel DAPT significantly reduced the risk of 1-year net clinical outcomes, which was driven mainly by a reduction in bleeding events without an increase in ischemic events. REGISTRATION: URL: https://www.chictr.org.cn; Unique identifier: ChiCTR-IIR-17013505. FAU - Wu, Hongyi
[Antithrombotic treatment in acute coronary syndrome and atrial fibrillation].$$$ The number of patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) is increasing due to the aging of the population. In addition, the number of patients with AF and indications for oral anticoagulation (OAC) for the prevention of stroke, who need dual antiplatelet treatment (DAPT) with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) plus a P(2)Y(12) inhibitor because of an acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and/or percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) is also increasing. In the past these patients received a triple therapy (TT) for 3-12 months. This TT has never been studied for efficacy; however, the rate of bleeding complications in comparison to a simple OAC or DAPT is significantly higher. Registries and smaller trials showed that DAPT with an OAC plus a platelet inhibitor may be sufficient to prevent stroke and stent thromboses/myocardial infarctions. These questions were investigated in various prospective and randomized studies involving all four non-vitamin K oral anticoagulants (NOAC) approved for stroke prevention in AF. The NOACs were tested against vitamin K antagonists (VKA) involving single antiplatelet therapy without using DAPT. The trials with rivaroxaban (PIONEER AF-PCI) and dabigatran (RE-DUAL PCI) have already been published but the investigations involving apixaban (AUGUSTUS) and edoxaban (ENTRUST-AF PCI) are still ongoing. The current status is that a NOAC plus a single antiplatelet agent, mostly clopidogrel, is superior to TT with VKA with respect to bleeding complications without any obvious disadvantage due to increases in stroke cases or cardiac ischemia. The international guidelines already permit treatment without TT in cases where the bleeding risk is prevalent. In this situation it is recommended to prescribe a NOAC plus a single antiplatelet therapy. Thus, TT no longer seems to be indicated for most patients with AF and after ACS or PCI. FAU - Darius, H
Tailored antiplatelet therapy to improve prognosis in patients exhibiting clopidogrel low-response prior to percutaneous coronary intervention for stable angina or non-ST elevation acute coronary syndrome.$$$ AIM: To investigate whether an intensified antiplatelet regimen could improve prognosis in stable or non-ST elevation in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients exhibiting high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) on clopidogrel and treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). There is a wide variability in the platelet reactivity to clopidogrel and HTPR has been associated with a poor prognosis. METHODS: In this observational study, 923 consecutive patients without ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) and adequately pre-treated with clopidogrel were screened for HTPR with multiple electrode aggregometry after assessment of the coronary anatomy. Patients were grouped based on their response to clopidogrel and the assigned antiplatelet strategy. The primary endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, or stent thrombosis. RESULTS: HTPR was demonstrated in 237 patients (25.7%). Of these, 114 continued on conventional clopidogrel therapy, while the remaining 123 received intensified antiplatelet therapy with either double-dose clopidogrel (150 mg daily, n = 55) or the newer P2Y12-inhibitors, prasugrel or ticagrelor (n = 68) for at least 30 days after the index procedure. The median follow-up was 571 days (interquartile range, 373-746). Intensifying antiplatelet therapy reduced the rate of the composite endpoint (p < 0.001). After adjustment for potential confounders, HTPR in combination with conventional clopidogrel therapy remained independently associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular events (hazard ratio (HR), 2.92; 95% CI, 1.90-4.48), whereas intensified treatment reduced the risk to a level equivalent to that of patients exhibiting normal platelet reactivity (HR, 1.08; 95% CI, 0.59-1.99). CONCLUSION: Tailored antiplatelet therapy significantly reduced the event rate in patients exhibiting HTPR prior to PCI. FAU - Paarup Dridi, Nadia
Study design and rationale of 'Influence of Cilostazol-based triple anti-platelet therapy on ischemic complication after drug-eluting stent implantation (CILON-T)' study: A multicenter randomized trial evaluating the efficacy of Cilostazol on ischemic vascular complications after drug-eluting stent implantation for coronary heart disease.$$$ BACKGROUND: Current guidelines recommend dual anti-platelet therapy, aspirin and clopidogrel, for patients treated with drug-eluting stent for coronary heart disease. In a few small trials, addition of cilostazol on dual anti-platelet therapy (triple anti-platelet therapy) showed better late luminal loss. In the real-world unselected patients with coronary heart disease, however, the effect of cilostazol on platelet reactivity and ischemic vascular events after drug-eluting stent implantation has not been tested. It is also controversial whether there is a significant interaction between lipophilic statin and clopidogrel. METHODS/DESIGN: CILON-T trial was a prospective, randomized, open-label, multi-center, near-all-comer trial to demonstrate the superiority of triple anti-platelet therapy to dual anti-platelet therapy in reducing 6 months' major adverse cardiovascular/cerebrovascular events, composite of cardiac death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, target lesion revascularization and ischemic stroke. It also tested whether triple anti-platelet therapy is superior to dual anti-platelet therapy in inhibiting platelet reactivity in patients receiving percutaneous coronary intervention with drug-eluting stent. Total 960 patients were randomized to receive either dual anti-platelet therapy or triple anti-platelet therapy for 6 months and also, randomly stratified to either lipophilic statin (atorvastatin) or non-lipophilic statin (rosuvastatin) indefinitely. Secondary endpoints included all components of major adverse cardiovascular/cerebrovascular events, platelet reactivity as assessed by VerifyNow P2Y12 assay, effect of statin on major adverse cardiovascular/cerebrovascular events, bleeding complications, and albumin-to-creatinine ratio to test the nephroprotective effect of cilostazol. Major adverse cardiovascular/cerebrovascular events will also be checked at 1, 2, and 3 years to test the 'legacy' effect of triple anti-platelet therapy that was prescribed for only 6 months after percutaneous coronary intervention. DISCUSSION: CILON-T trial will give powerful insight into whether triple anti-platelet therapy is superior to dual anti-platelet therapy in reducing ischemic events and platelet reactivity in the real-world unselected patients treated with drug-eluting stent for coronary heart disease. Also, it will verify the laboratory and clinical significance of drug interaction between lipophilic statin and clopidogrel. TRIAL REGISTRATION: National Institutes of Health Clinical Trials Registry (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier# NCT00776828). FAU - Lee, Seung-Pyo
Efficacy and safety of dual antiplatelet therapy in the elderly for stroke prevention: a subgroup analysis of the CHANCE-2 trial. LID - svn-2023-002450 [pii] LID - 10.1136/svn-2023-002450 [doi]$$$ OBJECTIVES: Evidence of the optimal antiplatelet therapy for elderly patients who had a stroke is limited, especially those elder than 80 years. This study aimed to explore the efficacy and safety of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) in old-old patients compared with younger patients in the ticagrelor or Clopidogrel with aspirin in High-risk patients with Acute Non-disabling Cerebrovascular Events-II (CHANCE-2) trial. METHODS: CHANCE-2 was a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in China involving patients with high-risk transient ischaemic attack or minor stroke with CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles. In our substudy, all enrolled patients were stratified by age: old-old (≥80 years), young-old (65-80 years) and younger (<65 years). The primary outcomes were stroke recurrence and moderate to severe bleeding within 90 days, respectively. RESULTS: Of all the 6412 patients, 406 (6.3%) were old-old, 2755 (43.0%) were young-old and 3251 (50.7%) were younger. Old-old patients were associated with higher composite vascular events (HR 1.41, 95% CI 1.00 to 1.98, p=0.048), disabling stroke (OR 2.43, 95% CI 1.52 to 3.88, p=0.0002), severe or moderate bleeding (HR 8.40, 95% CI 1.95 to 36.21, p=0.004) and mortality (HR 7.56, 95% CI 2.23 to 25.70, p=0.001) within 90 days. Ticagrelor-aspirin group was associated with lower risks of stroke recurrence within 90 days in younger patients (HR 0.68, 95% CI 0.51 to 0.91, p=0.008), which was no differences in old-old patients. CONCLUSION: Elderly patients aged over 80 in CHANCE-2 trial had higher risks of composite vascular events, disabling stroke, severe or moderate bleeding and mortality within 90 days. Genotype-guided DAPT might not be as effective in old-old patients as in younger ones. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT04078737.
Trends in cardiovascular and bleeding outcomes in acute coronary syndrome patients treated with or without proton-pump inhibitors during the introduction of novel P2Y12 inhibitors: a five-year experience from a single-centre observational registry.$$$ AIMS: Proton-pump inhibitors (PPIs) are commonly prescribed in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients on antiplatelet therapy. We studied PPI prescription in ACS patients in the era of novel P2Y12 inhibitors and assessed the association between PPI use and clinical outcomes. METHODS AND RESULTS: Between 2010 and 2014, we included all consecutive ACS patients admitted to a Dutch tertiary hospital. The main outcome was PPI prescription at discharge. Additionally, we present 1-year mortality and 30-day cardiovascular and bleeding outcomes. Of 4595 ACS patients with known discharge medication, 63.9% received a PPI. PPI-treated patients were older (67.1 ± 12.5 vs. 63.0 ± 13.3, P < 0.001). PPI treatment at discharge increased from 34.7% in 2010 to 88.7% in 2014 (P < 0.001). Concurrently, ticagrelor prescription at discharge increased from 0.0% to 48.6% in 2014 (P < 0.001), while clopidogrel prescription decreased from 78.6% in 2010 to 28.7% in 2014 (P < 0.001). PPI treatment was associated with reductions in death or myocardial infarction (MI) [adjusted hazard ratio (HR) 0.27, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.10-0.76] and death, MI or stroke (adjusted HR 0.33, 95% CI 0.14-0.81) at 30-days post-discharge. However, this association was not present in subgroup analyses of patients treated with clopidogrel or ticagrelor. CONCLUSION: In this single-centre registry, PPI prescription in ACS patients doubled between 2010 and 2014. PPI treatment at discharge was associated with a reduction in death, MI, or stroke at 30-days post-discharge, mainly driven by a reduction in MI. There were no differences gastrointestinal bleeding between patients treated with or without a PPI. PPI treatment may serve as a marker of improved therapies and outcome, rather than causing a reduction in cardiovascular events.
[Resistance to antiplatelet drugs in patients with cerebrovascular disorders].$$$ This review concerns clinical and laboratory resistance to antiplatelet drugs (aspirin and clopidogrel) in patients with cerebrovascular disorders. Results of certain clinical trials showed that laboratory resistance to antiaggregants is associated with recurrent thromboembolic vascular events. The commonest causes of aspirin resistance are production of arachidonic acid metabolites via the lipoxygenase pathway, poor compliance with the treatment, polymorphism of the genes encoding for cyclooxygenase and glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIa, endothelial dysfunction. The causes of clopidogrel resistance include inadequate doses of the drug, its low absorption, poor compliance with the treatment, polymorphism of ADP receptors, GP IIb/IIIa and cytochrome P450 genes, acute coronary syndrome and stroke, metabolic syndrome. Therapeutic efficacy of antiaggregants can be improved by increasing their doses, using membranotropic agents, correcting endothelial dysfunction, etc. Because the apparent variability of antiplatelet drug resistance is currently due to the use of different test-systems by different authors, the evaluation of individual sensitivity to a given drug showing laboratory resistance and the choice of alternative therapy are thus far possible only in the framework of clinical studies. Large-scale prospective multicenter trials of antiplatelet drug resistance are needed along with research for better understanding mechanisms of individual platelet sensitivity and resistance to antiaggregants and developing efficacious methods for their correction. FAU - Suslina, Z A
Use of thromboelastography to tailor dual-antiplatelet therapy in patients undergoing treatment of intracranial aneurysms with the Pipeline embolization device.$$$ BACKGROUND: Platelet function testing is controversial and not well studied in patients with neurovascular disease. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the performance of thromboelastography (TEG) as a platelet function test in neurovascular patients treated with the Pipeline embolization device (PED). METHODS: A prospective protocol was instituted for platelet function testing in patients undergoing repair of intracranial aneurysms with the PED. All patients received dual antiplatelet therapy (DAT) and their response to both P2Y12 inhibitors and aspirin was quantified with TEG. Each patient's DAT induction strategy was tailored based on the percentage ADP-induced and percentage arachidonic acid-induced platelet inhibition reported by TEG. Data collected included clinical presentation, aneurysm characteristics, treatment details, and periprocedural events. Patients were followed up clinically and/or angiographically at 30 days, 6 months, and 1 year. RESULTS: Thirty-four PED procedures were performed on 31 patients. TEG results altered the DAT strategy in 35% of patients. Technical success with the Pipeline placement was 100%. Two patients had minor strokes and five had transient ischemic attacks (TIAs). There have been no hemorrhagic complications. No patient had permanent neurologic deficits. Six of eight (75%) of patients with thromboembolic/TIA events were ADP-induced hyporesponders by TEG. Our 6- and 12-month angiographic occlusion rates were 78.9% and 89.5%, respectively. The 19 major branches covered by the PED that were assessed by follow-up imaging have all remained patent. CONCLUSIONS: Platelet function testing with TEG altered our DAT induction strategy in a significant number of cases. No hemorrhagic or disabling thromboembolic complications were seen in this series. Future studies should compare methods of platelet function testing and, possibly, no platelet function testing in neurovascular patients undergoing flow diversion and/or stent-assisted treatment of intracranial aneurysms.
Association of Ticagrelor vs Clopidogrel With Net Adverse Clinical Events in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndrome Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.$$$ IMPORTANCE: Current guidelines recommend ticagrelor as the preferred P2Y12 platelet inhibitor for patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS), primarily based on a single large randomized clinical trial. The benefits and risks associated with ticagrelor vs clopidogrel in routine practice merits attention. OBJECTIVE: To determine the association of ticagrelor vs clopidogrel with ischemic and hemorrhagic events in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) for ACS in clinical practice. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: A retrospective cohort study of patients with ACS who underwent PCI and received ticagrelor or clopidogrel was conducted using 2 United States electronic health record-based databases and 1 nationwide South Korean database from November 2011 to March 2019. Patients were matched using a large-scale propensity score algorithm, and the date of final follow-up was March 2019. EXPOSURES: Ticagrelor vs clopidogrel. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary end point was net adverse clinical events (NACE) at 12 months, composed of ischemic events (recurrent myocardial infarction, revascularization, or ischemic stroke) and hemorrhagic events (hemorrhagic stroke or gastrointestinal bleeding). Secondary outcomes included NACE or mortality, all-cause mortality, ischemic events, hemorrhagic events, individual components of the primary outcome, and dyspnea at 12 months. The database-level hazard ratios (HRs) were pooled to calculate summary HRs by random-effects meta-analysis. RESULTS: After propensity score matching among 31 290 propensity-matched pairs (median age group, 60-64 years; 29.3% women), 95.5% of patients took aspirin together with ticagrelor or clopidogrel. The 1-year risk of NACE was not significantly different between ticagrelor and clopidogrel (15.1% [3484/23 116 person-years] vs 14.6% [3290/22 587 person-years]; summary HR, 1.05 [95% CI, 1.00-1.10]; P = .06). There was also no significant difference in the risk of all-cause mortality (2.0% for ticagrelor vs 2.1% for clopidogrel; summary HR, 0.97 [95% CI, 0.81-1.16]; P = .74) or ischemic events (13.5% for ticagrelor vs 13.4% for clopidogrel; summary HR, 1.03 [95% CI, 0.98-1.08]; P = .32). The risks of hemorrhagic events (2.1% for ticagrelor vs 1.6% for clopidogrel; summary HR, 1.35 [95% CI, 1.13-1.61]; P = .001) and dyspnea (27.3% for ticagrelor vs 22.6% for clopidogrel; summary HR, 1.21 [95% CI, 1.17-1.26]; P < .001) were significantly higher in the ticagrelor group. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Among patients with ACS who underwent PCI in routine clinical practice, ticagrelor, compared with clopidogrel, was not associated with significant difference in the risk of NACE at 12 months. Because the possibility of unmeasured confounders cannot be excluded, further research is needed to determine whether ticagrelor is more effective than clopidogrel in this setting. FAU - You, Seng Chan
Effectiveness and safety of P2Y12 inhibitors in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a nationwide registry-based study.$$$ AIMS: To compare the effectiveness and safety of clopidogrel, ticagrelor, and prasugrel in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS AND RESULTS: Nationwide, registry-based study of STEMI patients treated with primary PCI (2011-17) and subsequently with aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor. The effectiveness outcome was major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) defined as a composite of recurrent myocardial infarction, repeat revascularization, stroke, or cardiovascular death at 12 months. The safety outcome was bleeding requiring hospitalization at 12 months. Multivariable logistic regression with average treatment effect modeling was used to calculate absolute and relative risks for outcomes standardized to the distributions of demographic characteristics of all included subjects. We included 10 832 patients; 1 697 were treated with clopidogrel, 7 508 with ticagrelor, and 1,627 with prasugrel. Median ages were 66, 63, and 59 years (P < 0.001). Standardized relative risks of MACE were 0.75 for ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.64-0.83), 0.84 for prasugrel vs. clopidogrel (95% CI, 0.73-0.94), and 1.12 for prasugrel vs. ticagrelor (95% CI, 1.00-1.24). Standardized relative risks of bleeding were 0.77 for ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel (95% CI, 0.59-0.93), 0.89 for prasugrel vs. clopidogrel (95% CI, 0.64-1.15), and 1.17 for prasugrel vs. ticagrelor (95% CI, 0.89-1.45). CONCLUSION: Ticagrelor and prasugrel were associated with lower risks of MACE after STEMI than clopidogrel, and ticagrelor was associated with a marginal reduction compared with prasugrel. The risk of bleeding was lower with ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel, but did not significantly differ between ticagrelor and prasugrel.
Ticagrelor Resistance in Cardiovascular Disease and Ischemic Stroke. LID - 10.3390/jcm12031149 [doi] LID - 1149$$$ Ticagrelor, acting as a reversible platelet aggregation inhibitor of P2Y12 receptors (P2Y12R), is regarded as one of the first-line antiplatelet drugs for acute cardiovascular diseases. Though the probability of ticagrelor resistance is much lower than that of clopidogrel, there have been recent reports of ticagrelor resistance. In this review, we summarized the clinical application of ticagrelor and then presented the criteria and current status of ticagrelor resistance. We further discussed the potential mechanisms for ticagrelor resistance in terms of drug absorption, metabolism, and receptor action. In conclusion, the incidences of ticagrelor resistance fluctuated between 0 and 20%, and possible mechanisms mainly arose from its absorption and receptor action. Specifically, a variety of factors, such as the drug form of ticagrelor, gut microecology, and the expression and function of P-glycoprotein (P-gp) and P2Y12R, have been shown to be associated with ticagrelor resistance. The exact mechanisms of ticagrelor resistance warrant further exploration, which may contribute to the diagnosis and treatment of ticagrelor resistance. FAU - He, Song
P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy or dual antiplatelet therapy after coronary revascularisation: individual patient level meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the risks and benefits of P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy compared with dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) and whether these associations are modified by patients' characteristics. DESIGN: Individual patient level meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials. DATA SOURCES: Searches were conducted in Ovid Medline, Embase, and three websites (www.tctmd.com, www.escardio.org, www.acc.org/cardiosourceplus) from inception to 16 July 2020. The primary authors provided individual participant data. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials comparing effects of oral P2Y(12) monotherapy and DAPT on centrally adjudicated endpoints after coronary revascularisation in patients without an indication for oral anticoagulation. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary outcome was a composite of all cause death, myocardial infarction, and stroke, tested for non-inferiority against a margin of 1.15 for the hazard ratio. The key safety endpoint was Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) type 3 or type 5 bleeding. RESULTS: The meta-analysis included data from six trials, including 24 096 patients. The primary outcome occurred in 283 (2.95%) patients with P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy and 315 (3.27%) with DAPT in the per protocol population (hazard ratio 0.93, 95% confidence interval 0.79 to 1.09; P=0.005 for non-inferiority; P=0.38 for superiority; τ(2)=0.00) and in 303 (2.94%) with P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy and 338 (3.36%) with DAPT in the intention to treat population (0.90, 0.77 to 1.05; P=0.18 for superiority; τ(2)=0.00). The treatment effect was consistent across all subgroups, except for sex (P for interaction=0.02), suggesting that P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy lowers the risk of the primary ischaemic endpoint in women (hazard ratio 0.64, 0.46 to 0.89) but not in men (1.00, 0.83 to 1.19). The risk of bleeding was lower with P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy than with DAPT (97 (0.89%) v 197 (1.83%); hazard ratio 0.49, 0.39 to 0.63; P<0.001; τ(2)=0.03), which was consistent across subgroups, except for type of P2Y(12) inhibitor (P for interaction=0.02), suggesting greater benefit when a newer P2Y(12) inhibitor rather than clopidogrel was part of the DAPT regimen. CONCLUSIONS: P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy was associated with a similar risk of death, myocardial infarction, or stroke, with evidence that this association may be modified by sex, and a lower bleeding risk compared with DAPT. REGISTRATION: PROSPERO CRD42020176853.
Ticagrelor, but not clopidogrel active metabolite, displays antithrombotic properties in the left atrial endocardium.$$$ AIMS: Oral anticoagulation is considered standard therapy for stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation (AF). Endocardial activation triggers expression of pro-thrombotic mediators including tissue factor (TF) and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), and contributes to thrombus formation in the left atrial appendage (LAA) of AF patients. Recently, pleiotropic effects of specific P2Y12 receptor antagonists were demonstrated; however, whether these drugs possess antithrombotic effects on LAA endocardial cells currently remains unknown. METHODS AND RESULTS: LAA were obtained from 14 patients with known AF undergoing elective cardiac surgery including LAA removal at the University Hospital Zurich. LAA endocardial cells were isolated and pre-incubated with ticagrelor (10-7, 10-6, 10-5M) or clopidogrel active metabolite (CAM) (1.5 × 10-8, 1.5 × 10-7, 1.5 × 10-6 M) before stimulation with tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) (10 ng/mL). Finally, TF and PAI-1 expression and activity were analysed. Ticagrelor, unlike CAM, concentration dependently decreased TNF-α-induced TF expression and TF activity in LAA endocardial cells. Further, ticagrelor, but not CAM reduced PAI-1 expression and enzyme activity in TNF-α-stimulated LAA endocardial cells. In contrast, TF pathway inhibitor (TFPI) remained unaffected by both dugs. CONCLUSION: Ticagrelor, but not CAM, reduces expression and activity of TF and PAI-1 in LAA endocardial cells isolated from patients with AF, indicating possible local antithrombotic effects. Such pleiotropic properties of ticagrelor may contribute to a reduction in thromboembolic complications in patients with AF.
Long-term use of dual antiplatelet therapy for the secondary prevention of atherothrombotic events: Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: The potential benefit of long-term dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) for secondary prevention of atherothrombotic events is unclear. Data from different randomized controlled trials (RCT) using different agents in different subgroups showed inconsistent results. METHODS: We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis from RCTs that tested different prolonged durations of DAPT for secondary prevention. Long term DAPT arm was defined as those receiving DAPT for more than 12months. Long-term aspirin arm was defined as those receiving either aspirin alone long term or DAPT for less than 12months. RESULTS: The use of long term DAPT was associated with a significant decrease in composite of death, myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke (6.08% vs. 6.71%; odds ratio OR=0.86 [0.78-0.94]; P=0.001). This reduction of death, MI and stroke was mainly noticed in patients with prior MI or stroke, but not with PAD or multiple risk factors. The reduction was seen with post PCI patients with prasugrel and only in those with prior MI with clopidogrel and ticagrelor. Long-term use of DAPT was associated with significant increase in major bleeding (1.47% vs. 0.88%; OR=1.65 [1.23-2.21]; P=0.001). CONCLUSION: Long-term use of DAPT for secondary prevention is associated with lower risk of death, MI and stroke beneficial especially in patients with prior MI and stroke, but it is associated with increased risk of bleeding. Prolonging DAPT requires careful assessment of the trade-off between ischemic and bleeding complications and should probably be reserved for patients with higher risk for atherothrombotic events.
TicagRelor Or Clopidogrel in severe or terminal chronic kidney patients Undergoing PERcutaneous coronary intervention for acute coronary syndrome: The TROUPER trial.$$$ Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is associated with an increased risk of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and cardiovascular death. CKD patients suffering from ACS are exposed to an increased risk of thrombotic recurrences and a higher bleeding rate than patients with normal renal function. However, CKD patients are excluded or underrepresented in clinical trials. Therefore, determining the optimal antiplatelet strategy in this population is of utmost importance. We designed the TicagRelor Or Clopidogrel in severe or terminal chronic kidney patients Undergoing PERcutaneous coronary intervention for acute coronary syndrome (TROUPER) trial: a prospective, controlled, multicenter, randomized trial to investigate the optimal P2Y12 antagonist in CKD patients with ACS. Patients with stage ≥3b CKD are eligible if the diagnosis of ACS is made and invasive strategy scheduled. Patients are randomized 1:1 between a control group with a 600-mg loading dose of clopidogrel followed by a 75-mg/d maintenance dose for 1 year and an experimental group with a 180-mg loading dose of ticagrelor followed by a 90-mg twice daily maintenance dose for the same duration. The primary end point is defined by the rate of major adverse cardiovascular events, including death, myocardial infarction, urgent revascularization, and stroke at 1 year. Safety will be evaluated by the bleeding rate (Bleeding Academic Research Consortium). To demonstrate the superiority of ticagrelor on major adverse cardiovascular events, we calculated that 508 patients are required. The aim of the TROUPER trial is to compare the efficacy of ticagrelor and clopidogrel in stage >3b CKD patients presenting with ACS and scheduled for an invasive strategy. RCT# NCT03357874.
Effectiveness of dual antiplatelet de-escalation therapy on the prognosis of patients with ST segment elevation myocardial infarction undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ AIM: To investigate the effectiveness of de-escalation of ticagrelor (from ticagrelor 90 mg to clopidogrel 75 mg or ticagrelor 60 mg) on the prognosis of patients with ST segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) after 3 months of oral dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT). METHODS: From March 2017 to August 2021, 1056 patients with STEMI in a single centre, through retrospective investigation and analysis, were divided into intensive (ticagrelor 90 mg), standard (clopidogrel 75 mg after PCI) and de-escalation groups (clopidogrel 75 mg or ticagrelor 60 mg after 3 months of treatment with 90 mg ticagrelor) based on the type and dose of P2Y(12) inhibitor 3 months after PCI, and the patients had a ≥ 12-month history of oral DAPT. The primary end point was major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCEs) during the 12-month follow-up period, including composite end points of cardiac death, myocardial infarction, ischaemia-driven revascularization and stroke. The major safety endpoint was bleeding events. RESULTS: The results showed that during the follow-up period, there was no statistically significant difference in the incidence of MACCEs between the intensive and de-escalation groups (P > 0.05). The incidence of MACCEs in the standard treatment group was higher than that in the intensive treatment group (P = 0.014), but the incidence of bleeding events in the de-escalation group was significantly lower than that in the standard group (9.3% vs. 18.4%, χ²=7.191, P = 0.027). The Cox regression analysis showed that increases in haemoglobin (HGB) (HR = 0.986) and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) (HR = 0.983) could reduce the incidence of MACCEs, while old myocardial infarction (OMI) (P = 0.023) and hypertension (P = 0.013) were independent predictors of MACCEs. CONCLUSION: For STEMI patients undergoing PCI, the de-escalation scheme of ticagrelor to clopidogrel 75 mg or ticagrelor 60 mg at 3 months after PCI was related to the reduction of bleeding events, especially minor bleeding events, without an increase in ischaemic events.
Comparative Safety and Effectiveness of Ticagrelor versus Clopidogrel in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndrome: An On-Treatment Analysis From a Multicenter Registry.$$$ BACKGROUND: The net clinical benefit of ticagrelor over clopidogrel in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) has recently been questioned by observational studies which did not account for time-dependent confounders. We aimed to assess the comparative safety and effectiveness of ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel accounting for non-adherence in a real-life setting. METHODS: This is a prospective, multicenter cohort study of patients with ACS discharged on ticagrelor or clopidogrel between 2015 and 2019. Major exclusions were previous intracranial bleeding, and the use of prasugrel or oral anticoagulation. Association of P2Y(12) inhibitor therapy with 1-year risk of Bleeding Academic Research Consortium Type 3 or 5 bleeding; major adverse cardiac events (MACEs), a composite endpoint of all-cause death, nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI), nonfatal stroke, or urgent target lesion revascularization; definite/probable stent thrombosis; vascular death; and net adverse clinical event (a composite endpoint of major bleeding and MACE) were analyzed according to the "on-treatment" principle, using fully adjusted Cox and Fine-Gray regression models with doubly robust inverse probability of censoring weighted estimators. RESULTS: Among 2,070 patients (mean age 63 years, 27% women, 62.5% ST-elevation MI), 1,035 were discharged on ticagrelor and clopidogrel, respectively. Ticagrelor-treated patients were younger and had few comorbidities, but high rates of medication non-compliance, compared with clopidogrel users. After comprehensive multivariate adjustments, ticagrelor did not increase the risk of major bleeding compared with clopidogrel [subhazard ratio, 1.40; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.96-2.05], while proved superior in reducing MACE (hazard ratio 0.62; 95% CI, 0.43-0.90), vascular death (subhazard ratio, 0.71; 95% CI, 0.52-0.97) and definite/probable stent thrombosis (subhazard ratio, 0.54; 95% CI, 0.30-0.79); thereby resulting in a favorable net clinical benefit (hazard ratio 0.78; 95% CI, 0.60-0.98) compared with clopidogrel. Results from sensitivity analyses were consistent with those from the primary analysis, whereas those from the intention-to-treat (ITT) analysis went in the opposite direction. CONCLUSION: Among all-comers with ACS, ticagrelor did not significantly increase the risk of major bleeding, while resulting in a net clinical benefit compared with clopidogrel. Further research is warranted to confirm these findings in high bleeding risk populations. CREA-ARIAM ANDALUCÍA: (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02500290); Current pre-specified analysis (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04630288).
Polyphenols: Modulators of Platelet Function and Platelet Microparticle Generation? LID - 10.3390/ijms21010146 [doi] LID - 146$$$ Platelets and platelet microparticles (PMPs) play a key role in the pathophysiology of vascular disorders such as coronary artery disease and stroke. In atherosclerosis, for example, the disruption of the plaque exposes endogenous agonists such as collagen, which activates platelets. Platelet hyper-activation and the high levels of PMPs generated in such situations pose a thrombotic risk that can lead to strokes or myocardial infarctions. Interestingly, dietary polyphenols are gaining much attention due to their potential to mimic the antiplatelet activity of treatment drugs such as aspirin and clopidogrel that target the glycoprotein VI (GPVI)-collagen and cyclooxygenease-1 (COX-1)-thromboxane platelet activation pathways respectively. Platelet function tests such as aggregometry and flow cytometry used to monitor the efficacy of antiplatelet drugs can also be used to assess the antiplatelet potential of dietary polyphenols. Despite the low bioavailability of polyphenols, several in vitro and dietary intervention studies have reported antiplatelet effects of polyphenols. This review presents a summary of platelet function in terms of aggregation, secretion, activation marker expression, and PMP release. Furthermore, the review will critically evaluate studies demonstrating the impact of polyphenols on aggregation and PMP release. FAU - Ed Nignpense, Borkwei
Vorapaxar: a novel protease-activated receptor-1 inhibitor.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Platelet activation and reactivity are pivotal for both acute and chronic atherothrombotic event occurrences. AREAS COVERED: Only 20% relative risk (∼ 2% absolute risk) reduction associated with newer P2Y(12) receptor blocker therapy such as prasugrel and ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel indicates that dual antiplatelet therapy may be associated with a ceiling effect in attenuating platelet-mediated ischemic event occurrence and that residual ischemic event occurrences are mediated by other pathways that are unblocked by current antiplatelet therapy. Therefore, inhibition of the thrombin-protease-activated receptor (PAR)-1 interaction may provide additional benefits in attenuating ischemic event occurrence in selected patients. There are two major PAR-1 blockers are under investigations - vorapaxar and atopaxar. In preclinical and Phase I - II studies, inhibition of thrombin-mediated platelet activation by a PAR-1 inhibitor, in general, has added to the antithrombotic efficacy of aspirin and clopidogrel without increasing bleeding. However, intracranial hemorrhage in patients with a history of stroke associated with vorapaxar and hepatic toxicity associated with atopaxar are important concerns. EXPERT OPINION: At this time, the specific role of PAR-1 inhibitor in the settings of percutaneous coronary intervention and acute coronary syndrome, both during the acute setting and as a long-term therapeutic agent, is not clear. Although the PAR-1 inhibitors are associated with less bleeding, its effectiveness as an antithrombotic agent and also side effects are major concerns. Future large-scale trials with goals addressing these concerns are needed to define the specific role of PAR-1 receptor inhibitor. FAU - Gurbel, Paul A
Aspirin and clopidogrel high on-treatment platelet reactivity and genetic predictors in peripheral arterial disease.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Our aims were to examine the prevalence and genetic predictors of aspirin and clopidogrel high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HoTPR), and associated adverse cardiovascular outcomes in patients with peripheral arterial disease (PAD). BACKGROUND: The association of aspirin and clopidogrel HoTPR with outcomes in PAD remains unclear. METHODS: This is a prospective cohort study of patients with angiographically documented PAD involving carotid and lower extremity arteries. Aspirin and clopidogrel HoTPR (using the VerifyNow Assay) and associated genetic predictors were compared to clinical outcomes. The primary end-point was a composite of major adverse cardiovascular events: all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction, stroke, target vessel revascularization (TVR) and limb-loss in patients who underwent extremity intervention. RESULTS: The study was stopped prematurely due to slow patient enrolment. Of 195 patients enrolled, the primary analysis was performed in 154 patients taking both drugs. Aspirin HoTPR was present in 31 (20%) and clopidogrel HoTPR in 76 (49%) patients. There was a trend toward more primary composite outcome events with PRU ≥ 235 (52% freedom-from-event rate vs. 70% for PRU < 235; P = 0.09). TVR was higher in those with PRU ≥ 235 (20 vs. 6%, unadjusted P = 0.02). There was no association between aspirin HoTPR and combined outcomes. Single nucleotide polymorphisms in serum paraoxonase/arylesterase 1 (PON1) gene was associated with aspirin HoTPR (P = 0.005) while SNP in phospholipase A2, group III (PLA2G3) gene was associated with clopidogrel HoTPR (P = 0.002). CONCLUSION: Clopidogrel HoTPR was significantly associated with TVR, while aspirin HoTPR was not associated with adverse clinical outcomes in patients with PAD.
Antiplatelet and antithrombotic treatment for secondary prevention in ischaemic heart disease.$$$ Platelets play a key role in the pathogenesis of acute coronary syndromes and this is why antiplatelet drugs are essential, both in the acute phase and in the long-term follow-up in preventing recurrent myocardial infarction, stroke and cardiovascular death. Aspirin is the most used agent and still remains the first choice drug for lifelong administration in secondary prevention after myocardial infarction. Dual antiplatelet therapy, targeting more than one pathway of platelet activation, has significantly improved the outcome of patients with acute coronary syndromes despite an increased risk of bleeding complications. The aim of this article is to provide an overview of the evidence from randomized clinical trials with a focus on the best association between aspirin and a P2Y(12) inhibitor such as clopidogrel, prasugrel or ticagrelor, on the selection of the appropriate agent based on the revascularization strategy and on the optimal duration of such an intensive treatment. We will also provide the latest evidence regarding new antithrombotic agents, such as vorapaxar or low dose rivaroxaban, that could be associated with dual antiplatelet therapy in high risk patients with the aim of further reducing the rate of major ischaemic complications. Finally we will address the issue of patients presenting with atrial fibrillation and a concomitant acute coronary syndrome who frequently need a percutaneous coronary intervention, with a specific focus on the combination therapy of antiplatelet and anticoagulant agents and on the current recommendations of the guidelines. FAU - Lettino, Maddalena
Safety of Prasugrel Loading Doses in Patients Pre-Loaded With Clopidogrel in the Setting of Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: Results of a Nonrandomized Observational Study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to assess the safety of the concurrent administration of a clopidogrel and prasugrel loading dose in patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention. BACKGROUND: Prasugrel is one of the preferred P2Y12 platelet receptor antagonists for ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction patients. The use of prasugrel was evaluated clinically in clopidogrel-naive patients. METHODS: Between September 2009 and October 2012, a total of 2,023 STEMI patients were enrolled in the COMFORTABLE (Comparison of Biomatrix Versus Gazelle in ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction [STEMI]) and the SPUM-ACS (Inflammation and Acute Coronary Syndromes) studies. Patients receiving a prasugrel loading dose were divided into 2 groups: 1) clopidogrel and a subsequent prasugrel loading dose; and 2) a prasugrel loading dose. The primary safety endpoint was Bleeding Academic Research Consortium types 3 to 5 bleeding in hospital at 30 days. RESULTS: Of 2,023 patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention, 427 (21.1%) received clopidogrel and a subsequent prasugrel loading dose, 447 (22.1%) received a prasugrel loading dose alone, and the remaining received clopidogrel only. At 30 days, the primary safety endpoint was observed in 1.9% of those receiving clopidogrel and a subsequent prasugrel loading dose and 3.4% of those receiving a prasugrel loading dose alone (adjusted hazard ratio [HR]: 0.57; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.25 to 1.30, p = 0.18). The HAS-BLED (hypertension, abnormal renal/liver function, stroke, bleeding history or predisposition, labile international normalized ratio, elderly, drugs/alcohol concomitantly) bleeding score tended to be higher in prasugrel-treated patients (p = 0.076). The primary safety endpoint results, however, remained unchanged after adjustment for these differences (clopidogrel and a subsequent prasugrel loading dose vs. prasugrel only; HR: 0.54 [95% CI: 0.23 to 1.27], p = 0.16). No differences in the composite of cardiac death, myocardial infarction, or stroke were observed at 30 days (adjusted HR: 0.66, 95% CI: 0.27 to 1.62, p = 0.36). CONCLUSIONS: This observational, nonrandomized study of ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction patients suggests that the administration of a loading dose of prasugrel in patients pre-treated with a loading dose of clopidogrel is not associated with an excess of major bleeding events. (Comparison of Biomatrix Versus Gazelle in ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction [STEMI] [COMFORTABLE]; NCT00962416; and Inflammation and Acute Coronary Syndromes [SPUM-ACS]; NCT01000701).
Anti-platelet therapy and aspirin resistance - clinically and chemically relevant?$$$ Platelets play a central role in the pathogenesis of the atherothrombosis which ultimately causes myocardial infarction, stroke and peripheral vascular disease. Commonly used oral anti-platelet drugs include aspirin (an irreversible inhibitor of cyclo-oxygenase), clopidogrel (an ADP receptor antagonist), other thienopyridines such as ticlopidine and prasgruel, and dipyridamole (an inhibitor of adenosine reuptake and platelet phosphodiesterase). Newer agents are in development and one, ticagrelor, a reversible ADP receptor antagonist has shown promise. Despite their proven benefit, recurrent vascular events still occur in those taking anti-platelet drugs. This has led to the concept of anti-platelet resistance, most commonly aspirin resistance as this drug is the cornerstone of most regimens. The causes of aspirin resistance are numerous but potential mechanisms include lack of patient adherence, non COX-1 mediated thromboxane A2 synthesis, increased activity of alternate platelet activation pathways, interference of aspirin action by other drugs and probably pharmacogenetic factors. Measurement of platelet response to aspirin is made possible using a number of in-vitro laboratory assays of platelet function which include measurement of thromboxane A2 metabolites as well as newer point-of-care assays of platelet aggregation. The phenomenon of aspirin resistance is important as it raises the possibility of developing strategies to identify those who respond best to a particular anti-platelet regimen, or to development of newer anti-platelet therapies to which more patients respond. This review discusses important aspects of aspirin resistance both in terms of clinical medicine, alternative anti-platelet strategies, and the potential to overcome its various causes. FAU - Rafferty, M
Platelet function during extended prasugrel and clopidogrel therapy for patients with ACS treated without revascularization: the TRILOGY ACS platelet function substudy.$$$ CONTEXT: The relationship of platelet function testing measurements with outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) initially managed medically without revascularization is unknown. OBJECTIVE: To characterize the differences and evaluate clinical outcomes associated with platelet reactivity among patients with ACS treated with clopidogrel or prasugrel. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS: Patients with medically managed unstable angina or non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction were enrolled in the TRILOGY ACS trial (2008 to 2011) comparing clopidogrel vs prasugrel. Of 9326 participants, 27.5% were included in a platelet function substudy: 1286 treated with prasugrel and 1278 treated with clopidogrel. INTERVENTIONS: Aspirin with either prasugrel (10 or 5 mg/d) or clopidogrel (75 mg/d); those 75 years or older and younger than 75 years but who weighed less than 60 kg received a 5-mg prasugrel maintenance dose. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Platelet reactivity, measured in P2Y12 reaction units (PRUs), was performed at baseline, at 2 hours, and at 1, 3, 6, 12, 18, 24, and 30 months after randomization. The primary efficacy end point was a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke through 30 months. RESULTS: Among participants younger than 75 years and weighing 60 kg or more, the median PRU values at 30 days were 64 (interquartile range [IQR], 33-128) in the prasugrel group vs 200 (IQR, 141-260) in the clopidogrel group (P < .001), a difference that persisted through all subsequent time points. For participants younger than 75 years and weighing less than 60 kg, the median 30-day PRU values were 139 (IQR, 86-203) for the prasugrel group vs 209 (IQR, 148-283) for the clopidogrel group (P < .001), and for participants 75 years or older, the median PRU values were 164 (IQR, 105-216) for the prasugrel group vs 222 (IQR, 148-268) for the clopidogrel group (P < .001). At 30 months the rate of the primary efficacy end point was 17.2% (160 events) in the prasugrel group vs 18.9% (180 events) in the clopidogrel group (P = .29). There were no significant differences in the continuous distributions of 30-day PRU values for participants with a primary efficacy end point event after 30 days (n = 214) compared with participants without an event (n = 1794; P = .07) and no significant relationship between the occurence of the primary efficacy end point and continuous PRU values (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] for increase of 60 PRUs, 1.03; 95% CI, 0.96-1.11; P = .44). Similar findings were observed with 30-day PRU cut points used to define high on-treatment platelet reactivity-PRU more than 208 (adjusted HR, 1.16; 95% CI, 0.89-1.52, P = .28) and PRU more than 230 (adjusted HR, 1.20; 95% CI, 0.90-1.61; P = .21). CONCLUSIONS: Among patients with ACS without ST-segment elevation and initially managed without revascularization, prasugrel was associated with lower platelet reactivity than clopidogrel, irrespective of age, weight, and dose. Among those in the platelet substudy, no significant differences existed between prasugrel vs clopidogrel in the occurence of the primary efficacy end point through 30 months and no significant association existed between platelet reactivity and occurrence of ischemic outcomes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00699998. FAU - Gurbel, Paul A
Impact of smoking status on platelet function and clinical outcomes with prasugrel vs. clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndromes managed without revascularization: Insights from the TRILOGY ACS trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: To further explore the impact of smoking on antiplatelet activity and treatment response, we evaluated time-dependent relationships between smoking status with on-treatment platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes for prasugrel vs. clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndromes managed medically without revascularization. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 7062 patients aged <75 years from the primary TRILOGY ACS cohort randomized to prasugrel vs. clopidogrel were evaluated through 30 months by baseline and time-dependent smoking status with adjusted proportional-hazards models. A total of 1994 participants (28%) [corrected] were included in a platelet function sub-study evaluating serial P2Y12 reaction unit (PRU) measurements. Current smokers (n = 1566 [22%]) at baseline had fewer comorbidities compared with non-smokers; nearly half quit smoking during follow-up. Although median on-treatment PRU values were lower with prasugrel vs. clopidogrel, persistent smokers had lower serial PRU values in both treatment groups compared with non-smokers, with no differential interaction of treatment response by smoking status. The frequency of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke in current smokers was significantly lower with prasugrel (11.7%) vs. clopidogrel (18.6%), but there was no difference in non-smokers (13.8% vs. 13.7%), with significant interaction between treatment and baseline smoking status (P = .0002). Bleeding events occurred more frequently in prasugrel-treated patients with no significant interaction between treatment and baseline smoking status. CONCLUSIONS: Among medically managed ACS patients <75 years of age, the risk of ischemic outcomes was significantly reduced with prasugrel vs. clopidogrel among smokers vs. non-smokers. No interaction between on-treatment platelet reactivity and smoking status was found.
Clopidogrel hyper-response and bleeding risk in neurointerventional procedures.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Antiplatelet therapy is associated with decreased ischemic events after neurointerventional procedures. Antiplatelet resistance negates the protective effects of antiplatelet medication, leading to a higher incidence of ischemic events. A possible link between antiplatelet hyper-response and increased hemorrhagic complications has been inadequately investigated. We aimed to examine the correlation between antiplatelet hyper-response and the risk of hemorrhagic complications. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Patients who were treated with antiplatelet medications and underwent neurointerventional procedures were prospectively recruited. We collected the following data: demographics, vascular risk factors, antiplatelet and anticoagulation treatment, antiplatelet responsiveness, coagulation profile, and hemorrhagic complications. P2Y12 receptor-mediated platelet inhibition was tested by using the VerifyNow assay device. The primary end points were postprocedural major and minor hemorrhagic complications. Receiver operator characteristic analysis was used to evaluate the percentage of platelet inhibition as a diagnostic tool for bleeding events. The association between hemorrhage and percentage of platelet inhibition was investigated by using logistic regression modeling. RESULTS: Forty-seven patients were enrolled. The mean age was 56±12 years, and 28% were men. Ten patients (21.3%) developed hemorrhagic complications. Clopidogrel response was higher in patients with a major bleeding complication compared with those with minor or no bleeding (median, 94% versus 24% platelet inhibition; P=.0084). Of the 7 patients (14.9%) defined as hyper-responders with ≥72% platelet inhibition, 42.8% had a major bleeding complication. CONCLUSIONS: Hyper-response to clopidogrel is associated with increased risk of hemorrhagic complications. Larger studies are urgently needed to validate a clinically useful threshold to define clopidogrel hyper-response and to examine the clinical effects of antiplatelet dosage adjustment. FAU - Goh, C
New Insights Into Long- Versus Short-Term Dual Antiplatelet Therapy Duration in Patients After Stenting for Left Main Coronary Artery Disease: Findings From a Prospective Observational Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: The appropriate duration of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) and risk-benefit ratio for long-term DAPT in patients with left main (LM) disease undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention remains uncertain. METHODS: Four thousand five hundred sixty-one consecutive patients with stenting of LM disease at a single center from January 2004 to December 2016 were enrolled. Decision to discontinue or remain on DAPT after 12 months was left to an individualized decision-making based on treating physicians by weighing the patient's risks of ischemia versus bleeding and considering patient preference. The primary outcome was a composite of death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, or stroke at 3 years. Key safety outcome was 3-year rate of Bleeding Academic Research Consortium 2, 3, or 5 bleeding. RESULTS: Of 3865 patients free of ischemic and bleeding events at 12 months, 1727 (44.7%) remained on DAPT (mostly clopidogrel based [97.7%]) beyond 12 months after LM percutaneous coronary intervention. DAPT>12-month versus ≤12-month DAPT was associated with a significant reduced risk of 3-year primary outcome (2.6% versus 4.6%; adjusted hazard ratio: 0.59 [95% CI, 0.41-0.84]). The same trend was found for other ischemic end points: death (0.9% versus 3.0%; P(log-rank)<0.001), cardiovascular death (0.5% versus 1.7%; P(log-rank)=0.001), myocardial infarction (0.8% versus 1.9%; P(log-rank)=0.005), and stent thrombosis (0.4% versus 1.1%; P(log-rank)=0.017). The key safety end point was not significantly different between 2 regimens (1.8% versus 1.6%; adjusted hazard ratio: 1.07 [95% CI, 0.65-1.74]). The effect of DAPT>12 month on primary and key safety outcomes was consistent across clinical presentations, high bleeding risk, P2Y(12) inhibitor, and LM bifurcation percutaneous coronary intervention approach. CONCLUSIONS: In a large cohort of patients free from clinical events during the first year after LM percutaneous coronary intervention and at low apparent future bleeding risk, an individualized patient-tailored approach to longer duration (>12 month) of DAPT with aspirin plus a P2Y(12) inhibitor (mostly clopidogrel) improved both composite and individual efficacy outcomes by reducing ischemic risk, without a concomitant increase in clinically relevant bleeding. FAU - Wang, Hao-Yu
One-Month Dual Antiplatelet Therapy Followed by P2Y(12) Inhibitor Monotherapy After Biodegradable Polymer Drug-Eluting Stent Implantation　- The REIWA Region-Wide Registry.$$$ BACKGROUND: The safety and feasibility of using 1-month dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) followed by P2Y(12)inhibitor monotherapy for patients after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with thin-strut biodegradable polymer drug-eluting stents (BP-DES) in daily clinical practice remain uncertain. METHODS AND RESULTS: The REIWA region-wide registry is a prospective study conducted in 1 PCI center and 9 local hospitals in northern Japan. A total of 1,202 patients who successfully underwent final PCI using BP-DES (Synergy: n=400; Ultimaster: n=401; Orsiro: n=401), were enrolled in the registry, and received 1-month DAPT followed by P2Y(12)inhibitor (prasugrel 3.75 mg/day or clopidogrel 75 mg/day) monotherapy. The primary endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular and bleeding events at 12 months, including cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction (MI), definite stent thrombosis (ST), ischemic or hemorrhagic stroke, and Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) major or minor bleeding. Based on the results of a previous study, we set the performance goal at 5.0%. Over the 1-year follow-up, the primary endpoint occurred in 3.08% of patients, which was lower than the predefined performance goal (P(non-inferiority)<0.0001). Notably, definite ST occurred in only 1 patient (0.08%) within 1 year (at 258 days). No differences were observed in the primary endpoint between stent types. CONCLUSIONS: The REIWA region-wide registry suggests that 1-month DAPT followed by P2Y(12)inhibitor monotherapy is safe and feasible for Japanese patients with BP-DES. FAU - Ishida, Masaru
Does HAS-BLED risk score underestimate the risk of bleeding in patients with triple antithrombotic therapy?$$$ stroke or other thromboembolic complications in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF). On the other hand, dual antiplatelet therapy (aspirin plus P2Y12 inhibitor) represents a cornerstone in the treatment of acute coronary syndrome. Atrial fibrillation is relatively common in patients with coronary artery disease and patients who undergo primary percutaneous coronary interventions (PCI) with stent implantation. They should be on triple antithrombotic therapy (TAT): preferably direct oral anticoagulants (DOAC) plus aspirin plus clopidogrel as it prevents ischemic as well as thromboembolic events. Before introducing OAT in patients with AF we must assess the risk of future bleeding episodes as OAT can lead to some life-threatening bleeding events. The most common risk score used for that purpose is HASBLED score. HAS-BLED score is valuable, proven tool in assessing future bleeding events in patients with AF. Nevertheless, it does not make the difference between dual and triple antithrombotic therapy which can be of great importance in preventing bleeding events.
1-Year Outcomes of Patients Undergoing Primary Angioplasty for Myocardial Infarction Treated With Prasugrel Versus Ticagrelor.$$$ BACKGROUND: Early outcomes of patients in the PRAGUE-18 (Comparison of Prasugrel and Ticagrelor in the Treatment of Acute Myocardial Infarction) study did not find any significant differences between 2 potent P2Y(12) inhibitors. OBJECTIVES: The 1-year follow-up of the PRAGUE-18 study focused on: 1) a comparison of efficacy and safety between prasugrel and ticagrelor; and 2) the risk of major ischemic events related to an economically motivated post-discharge switch to clopidogrel. METHODS: A total of 1,230 patients with acute myocardial infarction (MI) treated with primary percutaneous coronary intervention were randomized to prasugrel or ticagrelor with an intended treatment duration of 12 months. The combined endpoint was cardiovascular death, MI, or stroke at 1 year. Because patients had to cover the costs of study medication after hospital discharge, some patients decided to switch to clopidogrel. RESULTS: The endpoint occurred in 6.6% of prasugrel patients and in 5.7% of ticagrelor patients (hazard ratio: 1.167; 95% confidence interval: 0.742 to 1.835; p = 0.503). No significant differences were found in: cardiovascular death (3.3% vs. 3.0%; p = 0.769), MI (3.0% vs. 2.5%; p = 0.611), stroke (1.1% vs. 0.7%; p = 0.423), all-cause death (4.7% vs. 4.2%; p = 0.654), definite stent thrombosis (1.1% vs. 1.5%; p = 0.535), all bleeding (10.9% vs. 11.1%; p = 0.999), and TIMI (Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction) major bleeding (0.9% vs. 0.7%; p = 0.754). The percentage of patients who switched to clopidogrel for economic reasons was 34.1% (n = 216) for prasugrel and 44.4% (n = 265) for ticagrelor (p = 0.003). Patients who were economically motivated to switch to clopidogrel had (compared with patients who continued the study medications) a lower risk of major cardiovascular events; however, they also had lower ischemic risk. CONCLUSIONS: Prasugrel and ticagrelor are similarly effective during the first year after MI. Economically motivated early post-discharge switches to clopidogrel were not associated with an increased risk of ischemic events. (Comparison of Prasugrel and Ticagrelor in the Treatment of Acute Myocardial Infarction [PRAGUE-18]; NCT02808767).
Elderly patients with acute coronary syndromes managed without revascularization: insights into the safety of long-term dual antiplatelet therapy with reduced-dose prasugrel versus standard-dose clopidogrel.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dual antiplatelet therapy in older versus younger patients with acute coronary syndromes is understudied. Low-dose prasugrel (5 mg/d) is recommended for younger, lower-body-weight patients and elderly patients with acute coronary syndromes to mitigate the bleeding risk of standard-dose prasugrel (10 mg/d). METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 9326 medically managed patients with acute coronary syndromes from the Targeted Platelet Inhibition to Clarify the Optimal Strategy to Medically Manage Acute Coronary Syndromes (TRILOGY ACS) trial (<75 years of age, n=7243; ≥75 years of age, n=2083) were randomized to prasugrel (10 mg/d; 5 mg/d for those ≥75 or <75 years of age and <60 kg in weight) or clopidogrel (75 mg/d) plus aspirin for ≤30 months. A total of 515 participants ≥75 years of age (25% of total elderly population) had serial platelet reactivity unit measurements in a platelet-function substudy. Cumulative risks of the primary end point (cardiovascular death/myocardial infarction/stroke) and Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) major bleeding increased progressively with age and were ≥2-fold higher in older participants. Among those ≥75 years of age, TIMI major bleeding (4.1% versus 3.4%; hazard ratio, 1.09; 95% confidence interval, 0.57-2.08) and the primary end point rates were similar with reduced-dose prasugrel and clopidogrel. Despite a correlation between lower 30-day on-treatment platelet reactivity unit values and lower weight only in the prasugrel group, there was a nonsignificant treatment-by-weight interaction for platelet reactivity unit values among participants ≥75 years of age in the platelet-function substudy (P=0.06). No differences in weight were seen in all participants ≥75 years of age with versus without TIMI major/minor bleeding in both treatment groups. CONCLUSIONS: Older age is associated with substantially increased long-term cardiovascular risk and bleeding among patients with medically managed acute coronary syndromes, with no differences in ischemic or bleeding outcomes with reduced-dose prasugrel compared with clopidogrel in elderly patients. No significant interactions among weight, pharmacodynamic response, and bleeding risk were observed between reduced-dose prasugrel and clopidogrel in elderly patients. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/home. Unique identifier: NCT0069999. FAU - Roe, Matthew T
Ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in real-world patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction: 1-year results by propensity score analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: European guidelines recommend the use of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). This recommendation is based on inconclusive results and subanalyses from clinical trials. Few data are available on the effects of ticagrelor in a real-world population. METHODS: To compare the effects of ticagrelor and clopidogrel in a real-world STEMI population, we conducted a pre-post case-control study examining all patients with STEMI included in the Cardio-STEMI Sanremo registry between February 2011 and June 2013. Cases and controls were defined according to P2Y(12) inhibitors, correcting the bias due to lack of randomization by propensity score analysis. Ticagrelor was introduced in 2012 in both in-hospital and pre-hospital settings independently of this study. RESULTS: Of the 416 patients enrolled in the Cardio-STEMI registry, 401 with a definite diagnosis of STEMI were included in this study. One hundred forty-two patients received ticagrelor and 259 received clopidogrel. Regarding clinical presentation and procedural data, those in the ticagrelor group had lower CRUSADE scores (23 [14-36] vs 27 [18-38]; p = 0.015] but a higher proportion of radial access (33% vs 14%; p < 0.001), percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI; 92% vs 81 %; p = 0.002) and primary PCI ≤ 12 h (82% vs 66%; p = 0.001). The patients in the ticagrelor group had a higher procedural success rate (100% vs. 96%; p = 0.044). There was no difference in Bleeding Academic Research Consortium bleeding and in unadjusted incidence of hospital major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE; cardiac death, myocardial infarction, or stroke) but there was a significant reduction in unadjusted cardiac hospital death in the ticagrelor group (0.7% vs 5.4%; p = 0.024). After correcting for propensity score, hospital death (p = 0.22) and hospital MACE (p = 0.96) did not differ in both groups. The unadjusted survival at 1 year after STEMI was higher in the ticagrelor group (97.8% vs 87.8%; p = 0.024), and this result was confirmed by propensity score analysis (hazard ratio = 0.29 [0.08-0.99]; p = 0.048). CONCLUSIONS: In this real-word propensity score analysis, ticagrelor did not affect the risk of MACE during the hospital phase, or the incidence of hospital bleeding in patients with STEMI. However, in this mono-centric experience, ticagrelor resulted in improved 1-year survival, even after correction by propensity score. FAU - Vercellino, Matteo
Predictors of Clopidogrel Hyper-Responsiveness in Neuro-Interventional Procedures.$$$ BACKGROUND: Hyper-responsiveness to clopidogrel abnormally inhibits platelet aggregation and increases hemorrhagic complications. The present study investigated clinical factors related to clopidogrel hyper-responsiveness in neuro-interventional procedures. METHODS: Two hundred twenty-four patients receiving clopidogrel for coil embolization to treat unruptured cerebral aneurysm or carotid artery stenting to treat carotid artery stenosis at the internal carotid artery origin were retrospectively reviewed for their P2Y12 reactivity unit (PRU) values and clinical characteristics. Hyper-responsiveness to clopidogrel was defined as a PRU of <95. RESULTS: The mean PRU was 218.2 ± 77.8. Hyper-responsiveness to clopidogrel was observed in 12 patients (5.4%). Hyper-responsiveness was observed in younger patients, patients with a lower concentration of hemoglobin A1c, and patients with a higher low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentration compared with non-hyper-responsive patients (P = 0.01, P < 0.01, P < 0.01, respectively). On analysis of concomitant drugs, the patients in the hyper-responsive group were less frequently administered calcium channel blockers (CCBs) compared with the non-hyper-responsive group (P = 0.01). No significant differences in the usage of proton pump inhibitors or statins were observed. A LDL-C concentration of >120 mg/dL and no usage of CCBs were significant independent predictors of hyper-responsiveness to clopidogrel with a multivariate analysis (OR; 6.16, 95% CI, 1.57-26.64, P = 0.01, OR; 0.09, 95% CI, 0.01-0.82, P = 0.03, respectively). CONCLUSION: The present study shows that a higher LDL-C concentration and no usage of CCBs are independent predictors of clopidogrel hyper-responsiveness. These results are useful to predict perioperative hemorrhagic complications. Considering dose reduction of clopidogrel or alternative drugs in high risk cases is necessary to prevent perioperative hemorrhagic complications.
Direct Oral Anticoagulants in Addition to Antiplatelet Therapy for Secondary Prevention after Acute Coronary Syndromes: a Review.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: As the management of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) continues to evolve, many old practices proved to be of a little benefit and other approaches established the new pillars of modern medicine. Treating ACS patients with dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) for a year by combining aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor (clopidogrel, ticagrelor, or prasugrel) has resulted in better outcomes and is currently the standard of therapy. However, owing to the persistent activation of the coagulation cascade, patients may continue to experience recurrent ischemia and high mortality rates despite compliance with the dual antiplatelet therapy. Research is underway to establish new treatment modalities for secondary prevention post-ACS, including the use of the novel direct oral anticoagulants (DOACs). RECENT FINDINGS: Multiple trials have been conducted to evaluate the use of DOACs for the secondary prevention after ACS. Recent emerging data showed that the addition of rivaroxaban in a very low dose of 2.5 mg twice daily to the regular DAPT regimen after ACS is beneficial in the reduction of major cardiovascular events, including recurrent myocardial infarction (MI) and strokes. On the other hand, other DOACs, including apixaban, did not show similar efficacy and did not improve the cardiovascular outcomes. Patients who experience an ACS continue to suffer long-term consequences and thromboembolic complications. Many studies have shown that after the initial ACS event, patients remain in a hypercoagulable state and are more prone to recurrent ischemic attacks including stroke, recurrent MI, or unstable angina (UA). With the objective of seeking better outcomes, it is imperative to explore more aggressive anticoagulation strategies in ACS patients. In this article, we discuss the progress that was made and the limitations we face regarding the role of different anticoagulants in this setting. FAU - Khalil, Peter
The safety and efficacy of indobufen or aspirin combined with clopidogrel in patients with acute myocardial infarction after percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ Currently, the standard treatment for patients who have undergone percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) following acute myocardial infarction (MI) involves dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with a combination of aspirin and a potent P2Y12 receptor inhibitor. However, the potential benefits of aspirin were partially constrained by the intolerance of some patients. The safety and efficacy of indobufen, an alternative antiplatelet agents to aspirin, in patients with AMI after PCI are yet to be thoroughly investigated.This retrospective study was conducted at a single center and utilized propensity score matching. The enrollment spanned from January 2019 to June 2022, incorporating patients with AMI after PCI. The participants were categorized into two groups based on discharged prescriptions: the aspirin DAPT group and the indobufen DAPT group. The primary endpoint focused on net adverse clinical event (NACE), defined as a composite outcome, including cardiac death, recurrence of MI, definite or probable stent thrombosis (ST), target lesion revascularization (TLR), ischemic stroke and Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) criteria type 2, 3, or 5. All the patients underwent a one-year follow-up period.A total of 1451 patients were enrolled in this study, with 258 assigned to the indobufen DAPT group and 1193 to the aspirin DAPT group. Following 1:1 propensity score matching, 224 patients were retained in each group. In the indobufen DAPT group, 58 individuals (25.9%) experienced the primary endpoint within one year, compared to 52 individuals (23.2%) in the aspirin DAPT group (HR 1.128, 95% CI 0.776-1.639, p = .527). Specifically, no significant differences were observed in either the efficacy endpoint (MACCE, 20.1% vs. 14.7%, HR 1.392, 95% CI 0.893-2.170, p = .146) or the safety endpoint (BARC 2,3 or 5, 8.04% vs. 10.30%, HR 0.779, p = .427). These findings remained consistent at 1, 3, or 6 months. Additionally, the incidence of gastrointestinal symptoms were significantly lower in indobufen DAPT group compared to the aspirin DAPT group (7.1% vs. 14.3%, p = .022).Our research reveals that the efficacy and safety of indobufen are comparable to aspirin in Chinese patients with AMI following PCI. Given the potential advantages of indobufen in alleviating gastrointestinal symptoms, we propose it as a viable alternative for individuals intolerant to aspirin. FAU - Dai, Wen-Bo
Comparison of 2 point-of-care platelet function tests, VerifyNow Assay and Multiple Electrode Platelet Aggregometry, for predicting early clinical outcomes in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND: Various platelet function tests are currently used to measure responsiveness to antiplatelet therapy. We sought to compare 2 point-of-care platelet function tests, VerifyNow Assay (Accumetrics, San Diego, CA) and Multiple Electrode Platelet Aggregometry (MEA) (Dynabyte, Munich, Germany), for predicting early clinical outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention. METHODS: Platelet reactivity in the arachidonic acid-induced and adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-induced platelet aggregation was measured simultaneously with the VerifyNow Assay and MEA in 222 patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention between August and October 2009. We investigated the correlations between the 2 tests and performed receiver operating characteristic curve analysis for major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), a composite of death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, and target vessel revascularization, at 30 days. RESULTS: Major adverse cardiovascular events occurred in 19 patients (8.6%), including 14 patients with periprocedural MI and 5 patients with stroke. Correlations were weak between the 2 tests in the arachidonic acid-induced (Spearman r = 0.189, P = .006) and ADP-induced platelet reactivity (Spearman r = 0.390, P < .001). Although the VerifyNow P2Y12 Assay (Accumetrics) was able to predict periprocedural MI (area under the aggregation curve 0.680, P = .024) and 30-day MACE (area under the aggregation curve 0.649, P = .032), VerifyNow Aspirin Assay (Accumetrics), MEA ASPI test, and MEA ADP test failed to predict such clinical events. Hyporesponsiveness to clopidogrel based on the VerifyNow Assay was associated with about a 6-fold increased risk of MACE at 30 days. CONCLUSIONS: Hyporesponsiveness to clopidogrel measured by VerifyNow Assay was able to identify patients with dual antiplatelet therapy who were at higher risk for periprocedural MI and MACE at 30 days. Further randomized studies are required to validate the effectiveness of different platelet function tests for predicting long-term clinical outcomes.
Effect of gender difference on platelet reactivity.$$$ BACKGROUND: Previous studies have suggested that women do not accrue equal therapeutic benefit from antiplatelet medication as compared with men. The physiological mechanism and clinical implications behind this gender disparity have yet to be established. METHODS: On-treatment platelet reactivity was determined in 717 men and 234 women on dual antiplatelet therapy, undergoing elective coronary stent implantation. Platelet function testing was performed using arachidonic acid and adenosine diphosphate-induced light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) and the VerifyNow P2Y12 and Aspirin assays. Also the incidence of all-cause death, non-fatal acute myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis and ischaemic stroke was evaluated. RESULTS: Women had higher baseline platelet counts than men. Women exhibited a higher magnitude of on-aspirin platelet reactivity using LTA, but not using the VerifyNow Aspirin assay. The magnitude of on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity was significantly higher in women as compared with men with both tests used. The cut-off value to identify patients at risk as well as the incidence of clinical endpoints was similar between women and men (16/234[6.8%] vs. 62/717[8.6%], p = 0.38). CONCLUSION: Although the magnitude of platelet reactivity was higher in women, the absolute difference between genders was small and both the cut-off value to identify patients at risk and the incidence of the composite endpoint were similar between genders. Thus, it is unlikely that the difference in platelet reactivity accounts for a worse prognosis in women. FAU - Breet, N J
Platelet function testing guided antiplatelet therapy reduces cardiovascular events in Chinese patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: The PATROL study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin and a P2Y12 receptor inhibitor has become the standard of care to reduce thrombotic events in patients with acute coronary syndrome or after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). The role of routine platelet function testing (PFT) in patients treated with DAPT after PCI remains controversial and evidence of PFT-guided antiplatelet therapy for patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) undergoing primary PCI is limited. METHODS: We analyzed 1,353 consecutive STEMI patients undergoing primary PCI. PFT was performed 72 hr postprocedure using a vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein assay. The primary endpoint of major adverse cardio-cerebral events (MACCEs) was defined as a composite of all-cause death, cardiac death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, target vessel revascularization, and ischemic stroke. Patients with high platelet reactivity (HPR) were randomized to receive an intensified antiplatelet strategy by switching from clopidogrel to ticagrelor (HPR switch group) or to continue on clopidogrel (HPR nonswitch group). One-year clinical outcomes were compared among the groups. RESULTS: The baseline clinical characteristics were comparable across all groups (all p > .05). At the 1-year clinical follow-up, the primary endpoint of MACCE was significantly higher in the HPR nonswitch group than in the non-HPR and HPR switch groups (19.49% vs. 10.20% or 8.57%, p < .05), which was mainly caused by higher mortality (14.87% vs. 4.51% or 5.71%, p < .05). Major bleeding events were comparable across the groups. CONCLUSIONS: In STEMI patients with HPR, identified by vasodilator stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP)-determined PFT, switching clopidogrel to ticagrelor could significantly improve 1-year clinical outcomes without increasing the risk of bleeding.
Clopidogrel Monotherapy vs. Aspirin Monotherapy Following Short-Term Dual Antiplatelet Therapy in Patients Receiving Everolimus-Eluting Coronary Stent Implantation.$$$ BACKGROUND: There is a scarcity of data on short-duration dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) followed by P2Y12 inhibitor monotherapy as compared with aspirin monotherapy after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS AND RESULTS: STOPDAPT-1 is a prospective trial enrolling patients who agreed to 3-month DAPT followed by aspirin monotherapy after everolimus-eluting stent (EES) implantation. STOPDAPT-2 is a randomized trial comparing 1-month DAPT followed by clopidogrel monotherapy with 12-month DAPT after EES implantation. We compared the clinical outcomes of patients assigned to the 1-month DAPT group in STOPDAPT-2 and the 3-month DAPT group enrolled in STOPDAPT-1. The current study population consisted of 1,480 patients in STOPDAPT-2 and 1,339 patients in STOPDAPT-1. The primary endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, definite stent thrombosis and TIMI major/minor bleeding. Cumulative 1-year incidence of the primary endpoint was not significantly different between STOPDAPT-2 and STOPDAPT-1 (2.3% vs. 2.3%, P=0.98). After adjusting for confounders, there was no excess risk of STOPDAPT-2 relative to STOPDAPT-1 for the primary endpoint. Between 3 and 12 months, the cumulative incidence of primary endpoint was not significantly different between STOPDAPT-2 and STOPDAPT-1 (1.7% vs. 1.6%, P=0.77). CONCLUSIONS: The effect of 1-month DAPT followed by clopidogrel monotherapy on clinical outcomes was similar to that of 3-month DAPT followed by aspirin monotherapy in patients receiving PCI. FAU - Natsuaki, Masahiro
Frequency, Reasons, and Impact of Premature Ticagrelor Discontinuation in Patients Undergoing Coronary Revascularization in Routine Clinical Practice: Results From the Bern Percutaneous Coronary Intervention Registry.$$$ BACKGROUND: Although ticagrelor has improved clinical outcomes among patients with acute coronary syndrome compared with clopidogrel, adherence to this new antiplatelet agent in real-world practice has not been fully investigated. METHODS AND RESULTS: Between November 2011 and June 2014, 1278 of 4831 consecutive patients (26.5%) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention at a tertiary care center were treated with ticagrelor. Premature ticagrelor cessation was categorized into (1) change, when ticagrelor was replaced by prasugrel; (2) de-escalation, when ticagrelor was replaced by clopidogrel; and (3) premature discontinuation, when ticagrelor was discontinued without P2Y12 inhibitor replacement. Of 1278 patients treated with ticagrelor, premature treatment cessation occurred in 212 patients (17%). De-escalation to clopidogrel was the most frequent scenario (57%; n=120), followed by premature discontinuation (28%; n=60) and change to prasugrel (15%; n=32). Reasons for ticagrelor cessation included adverse effects (49%), initiation of oral anticoagulation (19%), and unspecified general practitioner preference (10%). Most frequent adverse effects leading to premature ticagrelor cessation were bleeding (41%), dyspnea (29%), and gastrointestinal symptoms (18%). Premature ticagrelor cessation was not associated with an increased risk of cardiac death, myocardial infarction, or stroke (hazard ratio, 0.73; 95% confidence interval: 0.40-1.32; P=0.29). CONCLUSIONS: Premature ticagrelor cessation in routine clinical practice occurred in 1 of 6 patients and was primarily related to adverse effects among which bleeding and dyspnea were the most frequent. Although premature ticagrelor cessation was not associated with adverse cardiovascular outcomes, this finding requires careful interpretation in view of the modest sample size. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT02241291.
Antithrombotic therapy in patients with combined coronary heart disease and atrial fibrillation.$$$ Coronary heart disease (CHD) and atrial fibrillation (AF) commonly occur together. This presents challenges for the clinician treating patients with CHD, who require antiplatelet therapy and patients with AF, who require oral anticoagulant therapy. We have reviewed PubMed and SCOPUS to identify relevant guidelines, randomised clinical trials and registry studies and clinical trials presented at international meetings, and where necessary, clinical trial protocols to identify and critically analyze all relevant trials in which combinations of oral anticoagulants and antiplatelet agents in patients with AF and CHD have been evaluated. The available evidence on the efficacy and safety of combined oral anticoagulants and anti platelet agents was reviewed for the AF patient in three clinical scenarios: 1) after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI); 2) after an acute coronary syndrome without PCI; and 3) in stable CHD. In each the clinical scenarios evaluated, there is limited clinical trial evidence to guide clinical management. Guidelines to help the clinician choose the right combinations of warfarin, clopidogrel and aspirin and the duration of treatment have been published, but they are based on a limited evidence base. There is even less evidence to guide the use of new oral anticoagulants (NOACs) in combination with the new P2Y12 antiplatelet agents. In each clinical scenario, the risks of coronary artery or stent thrombosis in CHD and risks of stroke in AF need to be carefully balanced against the risks of bleeding. We make recommendations for management based on the evidence which is available at this time and indicate the many gaps which are currently being addressed by randomized clinical trials. FAU - Thompson, Peter L
Antiplatelet Therapy and Periprocedural Risk Factor Analysis for Pipeline Embolization Device Treatment of Unruptured Internal Carotid Artery Aneurysms: A Retrospective, Multicenter Analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Aneurysm treatment using the Pipeline Embolization Device has been established but appropriate maintenance of dual antiplatelet therapy (APT) is essential. This multicenter retrospective study assessed whether APT was properly adjusted for clopidogrel resistance and identified risk factors associated with periprocedural complications. METHODS: Consecutive cases of use of the Pipeline Embolization Device for internal carotid artery aneurysms (>10 mm) between November 2015 and April 2020 were analyzed. Dual APT (aspirin + clopidogrel) was prescribed before treatment. If preprocedural P2Y12 reaction unit (PRU) values were >240, APT was adjusted. Periprocedural complications were compared between APT nonadjustment and adjustment groups and periprocedural risk factors were also analyzed. RESULTS: A total of 162 procedures were assessed. The mean maximum aneurysm size was 15.35 mm. APT adjustment was required in 47 cases (29.0%), primarily by switching to prasugrel. There were no significant differences in complication incidence between the 2 groups even after propensity score matching. The risk factor independently associated with ischemic complications was a neck size of 8 mm or larger (odds ratio [OR], 5.25; P = 0.018) and restricting analysis to the APT nonadjustment group showed PRU values of 190 or higher (OR, 5.84; P = 0.047) and neck sizes of 8 mm or larger (OR, 7.05; P = 0.029) as significant factors. The risk factor independently associated with hemorrhagic complications was a neck size of 7 mm or larger (OR, 11.57; P = 0.023). CONCLUSIONS: APT adjustment for clopidogrel resistance was safe and effective. Neck width was a risk factor for both ischemic and hemorrhagic complications. PRU values of 190 or higher were also associated with ischemic complications.
Outcomes of Individuals With and Without Heart Failure Presenting With Acute Coronary Syndrome.$$$ Major adverse cardiac event (MACE) and bleeding risks following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) for acute coronary syndromes (ACS) are not well defined in individuals with heart failure (HF). We followed 1,145 individuals in the Pharmacogenomic Resource to improve Medication Effectiveness Genotype Guided Antiplatelet Therapy cohort for MACE and bleeding events following PCI for ACS. We constructed Cox proportional hazards models to compare MACE and bleeding in those with versus without HF, adjusting for sociodemographics, comorbidities, and medications. We also determined predictors of MACE and bleeding events in both groups. 370 (32%) individuals did and 775 (68%) did not have HF prior to PCI. Mean age was 61.7 ± 12.2 years, 31% were female, and 24% were African American. After a median follow-up of 0.78 years, individuals with HF had higher rates of MACE compared to those without HF (48 vs. 24 events per 100 person years) which remained significant after multivariable adjustment (hazard ratio [HR] 1.31, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.00 to 1.72). Similarly, bleeding was higher in those with versus without HF (22 vs. 11 events per 100 person years), although this was no longer statistically significant after multivariable adjustment (HR 1.29, 95% CI 0.86 to 1.93). Diabetes and peripheral vascular disease were predictors of MACE, and end-stage renal disease was a predictor of bleeding among participants with HF. MACE risk is higher in individuals with versus without HF following PCI for ACS. However, the risk of bleeding, especially among those with end-stage renal disease , must be considered when determining post-PCI anticoagulant strategies.
Genetic and non-genetic factors affecting the response to clopidogrel therapy.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Clopidogrel (CLP) is a second-generation thienopyridine that prevents platelet aggregation by inhibiting the adenosine diphosphate receptor located on the platelet surface. The use of CLP in combination with aspirin has become standard treatment in patients with acute coronary syndromes and stent implantation. Data suggests that a significant percentage of individuals treated with CLP do not receive the expected therapeutic benefit because of a decreased platelet inhibition. The clinical consequences of an inadequate platelet response are cardiovascular complications, which can lead to acute myocardial infarction, stroke and death. The mechanism underlying CLP resistance is multifactorial and includes genetic polymorphisms and non-genetic causes (such as drug-drug interactions, co-morbidities, age). AREAS COVERED: This article reviews the so-far accumulated evidence on the role of genetic polymorphisms and non-genetic factors, as determinants of the antiplatelet response to CLP. Pharmacodynamic and clinical aspects of the CLP nonresponsiveness are also presented. Relevant papers were identified by an extensive PubMed search using appropriate keywords. EXPERT OPINION: Impaired platelet inhibition in CLP poor responders is a real problem, as it leads to serious clinical consequences. Therefore, prediction models that include pharmacogenetic knowledge and non-genetic risk factors of low response to the drug are needed in the individualization of antithrombotic therapy. Alternative antiplatelet strategies that should be considered to overcome this problem include dose modification, adjunctive antiplatelet drug usage, and use of newer agents. FAU - Karaźniewicz-Łada, Marta
The efficacy of ticagrelor is maintained in women with acute coronary syndromes participating in the prospective, randomized, PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial.$$$ AIMS: The aim of this study was to assess the relationship between sex and clinical outcomes and treatment-related complications in patients with ST-elevation or non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndromes (ACS) randomized to treatment with ticagrelor or clopidogrel in the PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial. METHODS: The associations between sex subgroup and the primary composite outcomes, secondary outcomes, and major bleeding endpoints as well as interaction of sex subgroup with treatment effects were analysed using Cox proportional-hazards models. RESULTS: Sex was not significantly associated with the probability of the primary composite endpoint [adjusted hazard ratio (HR): 1.02 (0.91-1.16)], or other adverse cardiovascular endpoints. Ticagrelor was similarly more effective than clopidogrel in reducing rates of the primary endpoint in women 11.2 vs. 13.2% [adjusted HR: 0.88 (0.74-1.06)] and men 9.4 vs. 11.1% [adjusted HR: 0.86 (0.76-0.97)] (interaction P-value 0.78), all-cause death in women 5.8 vs. 6.8% [adjusted HR: 0.90 (0.69-1.16)] and men 4.0 vs. 5.7% [adjusted HR: 0.80 (0.67-0.96)] (interaction P-value 0.49), and definite stent thrombosis in women 1.2 vs. 1.4% [adjusted HR: 0.71 (0.36-1.38)] and men 1.4 vs. 2.1% [adjusted HR: 0.63 (0.45-0.89)] (interaction P-value 0.78). The treatments did not differ for PLATO-defined overall major bleeding complications in women [adjusted HR: 1.01 (0.83-1.23)] or men [adjusted HR: 1.10 (0.98-1.24)]. Sex had no significant association with these outcomes (interactions P = 0.43-0.88). CONCLUSION: Female sex is not an independent risk factor for adverse clinical outcomes in moderate-to-high risk ACS patients. Ticagrelor has a similar efficacy and safety profile in men and women.
Optimal duration and combination of antiplatelet therapies following percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The ideal duration of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) is still unknown. In this meta-analysis, we aimed to compare very short-term (1-3 months), short-term (6 months), standard-term (12 months) and long-term (>12 months) DAPT durations for efficacy and safety. METHODS: Overall DAPT comparisons were classified as "any shorter-term"/"any longer-term" DAPT. The primary outcome was a composite of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE: non-fatal myocardial infarction, non-fatal stroke and cardiovascular death). The primary safety outcome was major bleeding. RESULTS: Twenty-six studies comprising 103.394 patients were included. Compared with standard-term DAPT duration, very short-term DAPT duration with subsequent drop of aspirin (RR 1.06, 95% CI, 0.95-1.18, p = 0.26) or drop of the P2Y(12) inhibitor (RR 0.92, 95% CI, 0.72-1.16, p = 0.47) was not associated with a higher risk of MACE. Any longer-term compared with any shorter-term DAPT durations led to a significantly lower risk of MACE (RR 0.88, 95% CI, 0.81-0.96, p = 0.002), but a significantly higher risk of BARC 3-5 major bleeding events (RR 1.63, 95% CI, 1.22-2.17, p = 0.001). In the ACS subgroup receiving prasugrel or ticagrelor but not clopidogrel, any longer-term DAPT duration was associated with a significantly lower risk of MACE compared to any shorter-term DAPT duration (RR 0.84, 95% CI, 0.77-0.92, p = 0.0001). CONCLUSION: DAPT may be shortened to 1-3 months in patients with low ischemic but high bleeding risk followed by aspirin or P2Y(12) monotherapy. Prasugrel or ticagrelor based DAPT may be extended to >12 months in case of high ischemic and low bleeding risk. PROSPERO REGISTRATION NO: CRD42020163719.
Bedside monitoring to adjust antiplatelet therapy for coronary stenting.$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients' responses to oral antiplatelet therapy are subject to variation. Bedside monitoring offers the opportunity to improve outcomes after coronary stenting by individualizing therapy. METHODS: We randomly assigned 2440 patients scheduled for coronary stenting at 38 centers to a strategy of platelet-function monitoring, with drug adjustment in patients who had a poor response to antiplatelet therapy, or to a conventional strategy without monitoring and drug adjustment. The primary end point was the composite of death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, stroke, or urgent revascularization 1 year after stent implantation. For patients in the monitoring group, the VerifyNow P2Y12 and aspirin point-of-care assays were used in the catheterization laboratory before stent implantation and in the outpatient clinic 2 to 4 weeks later. RESULTS: In the monitoring group, high platelet reactivity in patients taking clopidogrel (34.5% of patients) or aspirin (7.6%) led to the administration of an additional bolus of clopidogrel, prasugrel, or aspirin along with glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors during the procedure. The primary end point occurred in 34.6% of the patients in the monitoring group, as compared with 31.1% of those in the conventional-treatment group (hazard ratio, 1.13; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.98 to 1.29; P=0.10). The main secondary end point, stent thrombosis or any urgent revascularization, occurred in 4.9% of the patients in the monitoring group and 4.6% of those in the conventional-treatment group (hazard ratio, 1.06; 95% CI, 0.74 to 1.52; P=0.77). The rate of major bleeding events did not differ significantly between groups. CONCLUSIONS: This study showed no significant improvements in clinical outcomes with platelet-function monitoring and treatment adjustment for coronary stenting, as compared with standard antiplatelet therapy without monitoring. (Funded by Allies in Cardiovascular Trials Initiatives and Organized Networks and others; ARCTIC ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00827411.). FAU - Collet, Jean-Philippe
Post-stroke treatment with K-134, a phosphodiesterase 3 inhibitor, improves stroke outcomes in the stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rat model-A comparative evaluation of antiplatelet drugs.$$$ Post-stroke antiplatelet therapy has been proved to reduce the risk of recurrent stroke; however, it may also increase the incidence of intracranial hemorrhage that could offset any benefits. Therefore, the balance between the benefits and risks of antiplatelet drugs is a critical issue to consider. In the present study, we have compared the effects of post-stroke administration of antiplatelet agents on functional outcomes in the stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rat (SHRSP), an established animal model that mimics human lacunar stroke and cerebral small vessel disease. We confirmed that a potent phosphodiesterase 3 (PDE3) inhibitor, K-134, significantly improved post-stroke survival rate and survival time, attenuated stroke-induced neurological deficits, and decreased the incidence of cerebral lesion caused by intracerebral hemorrhage and softening. Similarly, cilostazol showed beneficial effects, though to a lower extent with respect to the survival outcome and neurological symptoms. On the other hand, a P2Y12 inhibitor, clopidogrel significantly improved survival outcomes at the higher dose but caused massive bleeding in the brain at both low and high doses. In contrast, no hemorrhagic lesion was observed in K-134-treated SHRSPs despite its antiplatelet activity. Our findings indicate that K-134 may have a superior post-stroke therapeutic outcome in comparison to other antiplatelet drugs.
Novel 1,3,4-oxadiazole hybrids of 3-n-butylphthalide derivatives as potential anti-ischemic stroke agents.$$$ In continuation of our program to search for novel potential anti-ischemic stroke agents, a series of 1,3,4-oxadiazole and sulfoxide hybrids of phthalide derivatives was designed and synthesized in this study to evaluate their anti-ischemic stroke activity. Among them, compounds 5b, 5d, 5 l, and 5 m exhibited excellent inhibitory effects on platelet aggregation induced by adenosine diphosphate (ADP) and arachidonic acid (AA). In particular, compound 5b possessed considerable antithrombotic activity in animal models, as demonstrated by the effective alleviation of carrageenan-induced and FeCl(3)-induced thrombosis in tail and carotid arteries, respectively. Notably, intraperitoneal administration of compound 5b could better protect the brain from injury caused by ischemia/reperfusion in rats compared with precursor 3-n-butylphthalide. Further pharmacokinetics, liver microsomal stability, and PAMPA-BBB assays also indicated that compound 5b had relatively high bioavailability, metabolic stability, and BBB permeability. Moreover, compound 5b showed a safety profile that was superior to the clinical drugs clopidogrel, aspirin, and 3-n-butylphthalide in the mouse-tail bleeding assay. Finally, molecular docking predicted that the potential target of the antiplatelet aggregation activity of compound 5b was P2Y12 receptor. This research provides a novel candidate compound for the treatment of ischemic stroke.
Gender Disparities in Management and Outcomes Following Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation With Newer Generation Transcatheter Valves.$$$ The impact of gender on management and early outcomes after transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI) in the setting of newer generation transcatheter heart valves (THVs) is not well known. We evaluated gender-specific differences on clinical management and in-hospital outcomes in adults who underwent TAVI with newer generation THVs. The study population included 298 consecutive patients who underwent TAVI and received a newer generation THV (Sapien 3 [Edwards Lifesciences, Irvine, California] or Corevalve Evolut R or Evolut Pro [Medtronic, Minneapolis, Minnesota]) from December 2015 to June 2018 at an academic tertiary medical center. Of the 298 patients, 154 (52%) were men and 144 (48%) were women. Compared with men, women were older, had lower serum creatinine, higher left ventricular ejection fraction, and lower rates of multiple co-morbidities, including previous coronary artery bypass graft surgery, previous myocardial infarction, and atrial fibrillation. Women were noted to have smaller aortic annular area and perimeter and underwent implantation of smaller THVs than men. At the time of discharge, women were more frequently prescribed a P2Y12 inhibitor (primarily clopidogrel) and less frequently prescribed oral anticoagulation (namely warfarin). Hospital length of stay and in-hospital rates of mortality, disabling stroke, and pacemaker were similar in men and women. In conclusion, in this observational prospective study of adults who underwent TAVI with newer generation THVs, while gender-related disparities in clinical presentation and procedural management were observed, no significant difference in clinical outcomes were noted in men and women. Further studies examining gender-related differences in procedural and postprocedural care after TAVI in the contemporary era are warranted to better understand and optimize clinical outcomes in both men and women.
P2Y(12) Inhibitor or Aspirin Monotherapy for Secondary Prevention of Coronary Events.$$$ BACKGROUND: Aspirin is the only antiplatelet agent with a Class I recommendation for long-term prevention of cardiovascular events in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). There is inconsistent evidence on how it compares with alternative antiplatelet agents. OBJECTIVES: This study compared P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy vs aspirin in patients with CAD. METHODS: We conducted a patient-level meta-analysis of randomized trials comparing P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy vs aspirin monotherapy for the prevention of cardiovascular events in patients with established CAD. The primary outcome was the composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, and stroke. Prespecified key secondary outcomes were major bleeding and net adverse clinical events (the composite of the primary outcome and major bleeding). Data were pooled in a 1-step meta-analysis. RESULTS: Patient-level data were obtained from 7 trials. Overall, 24,325 participants were available for analysis, including 12,178 patients assigned to receive P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy (clopidogrel in 7,545 [62.0%], ticagrelor in 4,633 [38.0%]) and 12,147 assigned to receive aspirin. Risk of the primary outcome was lower with P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy compared with aspirin over 2 years (HR: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.79-0.97; P = 0.012), mainly owing to less myocardial infarction (HR: 0.77; 95% CI: 0.66-0.90; P < 0.001). Major bleeding was similar (HR: 0.87; 95% CI: 0.70-1.09; P = 0.23) and net adverse clinical events were lower (HR: 0.89; 95% CI: 0.81-0.98; P = 0.020) with P2Y(12) inhibitors. The treatment effect was consistent across prespecified subgroups and types of P2Y(12) inhibitors. CONCLUSIONS: Given its superior efficacy and similar overall safety, P2Y(12) inhibitor monotherapy might be preferred over aspirin monotherapy for long-term secondary prevention in patients with established CAD. (P2Y(12) Inhibitor or Aspirin Monotherapy as Secondary Prevention in Patients With Coronary Artery Disease: An Individual Patient Data Meta-Analysis of Randomized Trials [PANTHER collaborative initiative]; CRD42021290774).
Emerging antithrombotic drugs for acute coronary syndrome.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Acute coronary syndrome (ACS) encompasses acute myocardial infarction (MI) and unstable angina. Activation of platelets and coagulation cascade plays a central role in the development of ACS. Over the past decade, there have been substantial improvements in the strategies for secondary prevention of ACS, including the development of more potent oral antiplatelet agents such as prasugrel and ticagrelor. However, therapies with even better efficacy and safety profiles and more rapid onset and offset of action would be desirable. AREAS COVERED: This review discusses the advantages and disadvantages of the currently available antithrombotic agents and describes the findings from recent clinical trials of three novel agents; cangrelor (an intravenous P2Y12 receptor antagonist), vorapaxar (protease-activated receptor-1 inhibitor) and rivaroxaban (an oral factor Xa inhibitor). EXPERT OPINION: Cangrelor appears more promising than clopidogrel when a very rapid onset and reversal of antiplatelet effect is needed. Vorapaxar in addition to standard oral antiplatelet therapy was effective in patients with prior MI, but was not safe in patients with a prior stroke. Low dose rivaroxaban decreased cardiovascular events and mortality in patients post-ACS compared to placebo, although bleeding was increased. FAU - Shimada, Yuichi J
Associations Between Complex PCI and Prasugrel or Clopidogrel Use in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndrome Who Undergo PCI: From the PROMETHEUS Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Potent P2Y(12) inhibitors might offer enhanced benefit against thrombotic events in complex percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). We examined prasugrel use and outcomes according to PCI complexity, as well as analyzing treatment effects according to thienopyridine type. METHODS: PROMETHEUS was a multicentre observational study that compared clopidogrel vs prasugrel in acute coronary syndrome patients who underwent PCI (n = 19,914). Complex PCI was defined as PCI of the left main, bifurcation lesion, moderate-severely calcified lesion, or total stent length ≥ 30 mm. Major adverse cardiac events (MACE) were a composite of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, or unplanned revascularization. Outcomes were adjusted using multivariable Cox regression for effect of PCI complexity and propensity-stratified analysis for effect of thienopyridine type. RESULTS: The study cohort included 48.9% (n = 9735) complex and 51.1% (n = 10,179) noncomplex patients. Second generation drug-eluting stents were used in 70.1% complex and 66.2% noncomplex PCI patients (P < 0.0001). Complex PCI was associated with greater adjusted risk of 1-year MACE (hazard ratio [HR], 1.29; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.20-1.39; P < 0.001). Prasugrel was prescribed in 20.7% of complex and 20.1% of noncomplex PCI patients (P = 0.30). Compared with clopidogrel, prasugrel significantly decreased adjusted risk for 1-year MACE in complex PCI (HR, 0.79; 95% CI, 0.68-0.92) but not noncomplex PCI (HR, 0.91; 95% CI, 0.77-1.08), albeit there was no evidence of interaction (P interaction = 0.281). CONCLUSIONS: Despite the use of contemporary techniques, acute coronary syndrome patients who undergo complex PCI had significantly higher rates of 1-year MACE. Adjusted magnitude of treatment effects with prasugrel vs clopidogrel were consistent in complex and noncomplex PCI without evidence of interaction.
[Demographic evolution, clinical characteristics and in-hospital outcomes of older adults treated by primary angioplasty for ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction].$$$ BACKGROUND: The number of older adults treated for ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) is increasing. Nevertheless, their treatment might not be as optimal as younger adults. This study sought to evaluate demographic evolution, clinical characteristics and in-hospital outcomes of patients of patients aged 75years-old or older treated by primary angioplasty for STEMI. METHODS: Retrospective study of all consecutive patients for STEMI between January 2012 and December 2017. Their clinical, biologic, echocardiographic and angiographic data, as well as in-hospital outcomes were collected and compared between two groups: younger and older than 75 year-olds. RESULTS: Five hundred and sixty-eight patients including 99 (17.4%) 75 year-old or older were included in the present study. Patients aged 75 or older had an increased delay of treatment between the time of the chest pain onset and revascularization (7.30±1,16 vs 4.77±0,36hours, P=0.0391), they were more frequently treated with clopidogrel rather than more potent anti P2Y12 antiplatelet therapies (55.6% vs 24.8%, P<0.0001) and received less frequently anti-GP2B3A therapy (44.8% vs 23.2%, P<0.0001). There was a trend for increased in-hospital mortality in the older group, despite non statistically significant (4.04% vs 1.5%, P=0.0847). Older adults had a worse clinical status with decreased post-STEMI left ventricular ejection fraction (44.42±1,38 vs 49.07±0,49, P=0,0019). They were also less treated with drug-eluting stents (51.5% vs 73.9%, P<0.0001). CONCLUSION: Adults aged 75 years-old or older represent a subsequent proportion of patients admitted for STEMI. They had a worse initial clinical presentation associated with worse prognostic, as compared to younger adults. They experience delayed reperfusion therapy and suboptimal treatment as compared to younger adults.
Clinically Significant Bleeding With Ticagrelor Versus Clopidogrel in Korean Patients With Acute Coronary Syndromes Intended for Invasive Management: A Randomized Clinical Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Owing to the differential propensity for bleeding and ischemic events with response to antiplatelet therapy, the safety and effectiveness of potent P2Y12 inhibitor ticagrelor in East Asian populations remain uncertain. METHODS: In this multicenter trial, 800 Korean patients hospitalized for acute coronary syndromes with or without ST elevation and intended for invasive management were randomly assigned to receive, in a 1:1 ratio, ticagrelor (180 mg loading dose, 90 mg twice daily thereafter) or clopidogrel (600 mg loading dose, 75 mg daily thereafter). The primary safety outcome was clinically significant bleeding (a composite of major bleeding or minor bleeding according to PLATO (Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes) criteria at 12 months. RESULTS: At 12 months, the incidence of clinically significant bleeding was significantly higher in the ticagrelor group than in the clopidogrel group (11.7% [45/400] vs 5.3% [21/400]; hazard ratio [HR], 2.26; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.34 to 3.79; P=0.002). The incidences of major bleeding (7.5% [29/400] vs 4.1% [16/400], P=0.04) and fatal bleeding (1% [4/400] vs 0%, P=0.04) were also higher in the ticagrelor group. The incidence of death from cardiovascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke was not significantly different between the ticagrelor group and the clopidogrel group (9.2% [36/400] vs 5.8% [23/400]; HR, 1.62; 95% CI, 0.96 to 2.74; P=0.07). Overall safety and effectiveness findings were similar with the use of several different analytic methods and in multiple subgroups. CONCLUSIONS: In Korean acute coronary syndrome patients intended to receive early invasive management, standard-dose ticagrelor as compared with clopidogrel was associated with a higher incidence of clinically significant bleeding. The numerically higher incidence of ischemic events should be interpreted with caution, given the present trial was underpowered to draw any conclusion regarding efficacy. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT02094963. FAU - Park, Duk-Woo
Real-world evidence of switching P2Y12 receptor-inhibiting therapies to prasugrel after PCI in patients with ACS: results from EFF-K registry.$$$ BACKGROUND: Potent P2Y(12) inhibitors are recommended for up to 12 months after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in patients diagnosed with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). However, the prescription pattern is diverse in real world practice, which includes various switching between antiplatelet regimens. In this study, we analyzed the prescription patterns of prasugrel, and assessed the safety and effectiveness of P2Y12 inhibitors switching patterns in a real world registry of patients subjected to PCI after ACS. METHODS: The EFF-K study included 3077 ACS patients receiving prasugrel-based dual antiplatelet therapy. The cohort was divided into those who were administered with prasugrel as the primary antiplatelet treatment (naïve cohort) or as a substitute agent after clopidogrel or ticagrelor pre-treatment (switch cohort). The primary endpoint was a net adverse clinical event (NACE; a composite of cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, non-fatal stroke, or TIMI major bleeding unrelated to coronary-artery bypass grafting). RESULTS: A total of 3077 patients diagnosed with ACS were included in the analysis. Among the total population, 726 patients (23.6%) were classed as the naïve cohort and 2351 patients (76.4%) as the switch cohort. Baseline characteristics showed that the switch cohort had more comorbidities, such as hypertension, diabetes mellitus, heart failure and previous PCI. The major cause of switching to prasugrel in the switch cohort was the necessity for a more potent antiplatelet agent (56.3%). During a 12-month follow-up period, 51 patients (1.7%) experienced at least one NACE. The incidence of NACE did not differ between the naïve and switch cohort (1.5% vs. 1.7%, Hazard ratio 1.17, 95% Confidence interval 0.56-2.43, P = 0.677). In subgroup analysis, no significant interaction was observed between the treatment strategy and the incidence of NACE across various subgroups. CONCLUSIONS: Dual antiplatelet therapy with prasugrel seems to be safe and effective both as a primary treatment and as a substitute for other P2Y12 inhibitors in a real world registry of Asian ACS patients receiving PCI. TRIAL REGISTRATION: KCT0002356, registered June 13, 2017.
Improving anti-platelet therapy adherence in the Veterans Health Administration: A randomized multi-site hybrid effectiveness-implementation study protocol.$$$ BACKGROUND: P2Y12 inhibitors are critical following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with stent placement; they reduce the risk of stent thrombosis and myocardial infarction. Despite the importance of the therapy, non-adherence is common among Veterans. METHODS AND RESULTS: Our main objective is to conduct a multi-site randomized stepped wedge trial to test the effectiveness of a multi-faceted intervention to improve adherence to P2Y12 inhibitors and PCI outcomes as well as formatively evaluate and refine the intervention implementation process. The primary outcomes of the study are the proportion of patients whose P2Y12 inhibitor prescription was filled at the time of hospital discharge following PCI with stent placement as well as the proportion of patients who were adherent based on the pharmacy refill data in the year after PCI hospital discharge. We will also assess the secondary outcomes such as bleeding, myocardial infarction, stroke, and mortality among these patients, and the cost-effectiveness of the intervention. The study was conducted at Veterans Health Administration (VA) PCI sites. At each site, we enrolled patients over a 6-month period and followed them for 12 months after PCI. Additionally, we collected qualitative data to identify contextual factors and to assess barriers and facilitators to the implementation and maintenance of the intervention. CONCLUSIONS: The study will add to the current state of knowledge on improving medication adherence in patients receiving PCI with stent implantation. Moreover, the study includes an extensive examination of the implementation process and will contribute to the field of implementation science. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01609842 https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT01609842?term=clopidogrel+adherence&cntry1=NA%3AUS&rank=1.
Antithrombotic Treatment after Carotid Stenting in Patients with Concomitant Atrial Fibrillation.$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Antithrombotic therapy following carotid artery stent placement with concomitant atrial fibrillation is not well-established. Our aim was to assess the safety and efficacy of the combination of direct oral anticoagulants and a P2Y12 inhibitor at 30 days after carotid artery stent placement in patients with atrial fibrillation. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We designed an observational single-center study including patients who underwent carotid artery stent placement with concomitant atrial fibrillation. We studied 3 groups according to antithrombotic therapy: 1) the direct oral anticoagulants plus clopidogrel (DC) group: receiving direct oral anticoagulants plus a P2Y12 inhibitor; 2) the triple therapy group: anticoagulation and dual antiplatelet therapy; and 3) the dual antiplatelet therapy group: following dual antiplatelet therapy alone. The safety outcome was a major or clinically relevant non-major bleeding event at the first month. The efficacy outcomes were the thromboembolic events (myocardial infarction, stroke, systemic embolism, or stent thrombosis). RESULTS: Of 959 patients with carotid artery stent placement, 91 met the inclusion criteria, including 24 patients in the DC group, 42 patients in the triple therapy group, and 25 in the dual antiplatelet therapy group. The mean age was 72.27 (SD, 8.1 ) years, with similar baseline characteristics. The median CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc score for each group was 6 (interquartile range  = 5-6), 5 (interquartile range = 4-6), and 5 (interquartile range = 4-6), respectively. The median HAS-BLED score was 4 in the 3 groups (P = .17). The primary safety end point was 23.8% in the triple therapy group compared with 4% in the dual antiplatelet therapy group (P = .032), with no bleeding events in the DC group (P = .007). There was 1 stent thrombosis in DC group and a cardioembolic stroke in the dual antiplatelet therapy group (P = .41). CONCLUSIONS: Among patients with carotid artery stent placement with atrial fibrillation, triple therapy confers a high bleeding risk. A regimen of direct oral anticoagulants plus a P2Y12 inhibitor might confer a good safety profile with significantly lower rates of bleeding and optimal efficacy.
Evaluation of the safety and efficacy of an edoxaban-based antithrombotic regimen in patients with atrial fibrillation following successful percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with stent placement: Rationale and design of the ENTRUST-AF PCI trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: The optimal antithrombotic treatment after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with stenting in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) is unknown. In the ENGAGE AF-TIMI 48 trial, edoxaban was noninferior to a vitamin K antagonist (VKA) with respect to the prevention of stroke or systemic embolism and was associated with significantly lower rates of bleeding and cardiovascular death in patients with nonvalvular AF. The effects of edoxaban in combination with single- or dual-antiplatelet therapy in the setting of PCI are unexplored. DESIGN: The ENTRUST-AF PCI trial is a multinational, multicenter, randomized, open-label phase 3b trial with blinded end point evaluation involving 1,500 patients on oral anticoagulation for AF. Patients are randomized between 4 hours and 5 days after successful PCI to either an edoxaban-based strategy (experimental arm; 60 mg [or 30 mg according to dose reduction criteria] once daily plus a P2Y(12) antagonist [default clopidogrel, 75 mg once daily] for 12 months) or a VKA-based strategy (control arm; VKA plus a P2Y(12) antagonist [as above] plus acetylsalicylic acid [100 mg once daily] for 30 days to 12 months). The primary safety end point is the incidence of International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis-defined major or clinically relevant nonmajor bleeding. The main efficacy end point is the composite of cardiovascular death, stroke, systemic embolic events, spontaneous myocardial infarction, and definite stent thrombosis. SUMMARY: The ENTRUST-AF PCI trial tests the hypothesis that an edoxaban-based antithrombotic strategy reduces the risk of bleeding complications after PCI compared with VKA plus conventional dual-antiplatelet therapy in patients with AF in need of oral anticoagulation. The relative risk of ischemic events between groups will be compared.
Ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndromes intended for non-invasive management: substudy from prospective randomised PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate efficacy and safety outcomes in patients in the PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial who at randomisation were planned for a non-invasive treatment strategy. DESIGN: Pre-specified analysis of pre-randomisation defined subgroup of prospective randomised clinical trial. SETTING: 862 centres in 43 countries. PARTICIPANTS: 5216 (28%) of 18,624 patients admitted to hospital for acute coronary syndrome who were specified as planned for non-invasive management. INTERVENTIONS: Randomised treatment with ticagrelor (n=2601) versus clopidogrel (2615). MAIN OUTCOME MEASUREMENTS: Primary composite end point of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, and stroke; their individual components; and PLATO defined major bleeding during one year. RESULTS: 2183 (41.9%) patients had coronary angiography during their initial hospital admission, 1065 (20.4%) had percutaneous coronary intervention, and 208 (4.0%) had coronary artery bypass surgery. Cumulatively, 3143 (60.3%) patients had been managed non-invasively by the end of follow-up. The incidence of the primary end point was lower with ticagrelor than with clopidogrel (12.0% (n=295) v 14.3% (346); hazard ratio 0.85, 95% confidence interval 0.73 to 1.00; P=0.04). Overall mortality was also lower (6.1% (147) v 8.2% (195); 0.75, 0.61 to 0.93; P=0.01). The incidence of total major bleeding (11.9% (272) v 10.3% (238); 1.17, 0.98 to 1.39; P=0.08) and non-coronary artery bypass grafting related major bleeding (4.0% (90) v 3.1% (71); 1.30, 0.95 to 1.77; P=0.10) was numerically higher with ticagrelor than with clopidogrel. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with acute coronary syndrome initially intended for non-invasive management, the benefits of ticagrelor over clopidogrel were consistent with those from the overall PLATO results, indicating the broad benefits of P2Y12 inhibition with ticagrelor regardless of intended management strategy. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinical trials NCT00391872. FAU - James, Stefan K
Impact of high on-treatment platelet reactivity on outcomes following PCI in patients on hemodialysis: An ADAPT-DES substudy.$$$ OBJECTIVES: We sought to compare clinical outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in patients on versus not on hemodialysis (HD) and examine whether high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR) further impacts outcomes among patients on HD. BACKGROUND: Both chronic kidney disease (CKD) and HPR are predictors of major adverse cardiac events (MACE) after PCI. METHODS: Two-year outcomes of patients from the prospective, multicenter ADAPT-DES study (N = 8,582) were analyzed according to HD status at enrollment. All patients underwent platelet function testing with the VerifyNow assay; HPR on clopidogrel was defined as P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) >208. RESULTS: Compared with non-HD patients, patients on HD (n = 85) had significantly higher baseline PRU (median 254 vs. 188, p = .001) and more frequently had HPR (61.7% vs. 42.5%, p < .001). HD was associated with increased 2-year rates of MACE (death, myocardial infarction (MI) or definite stent thrombosis (ST); 23.4% vs. 10.7%, p < .001). HD was also strongly associated with 2-year overall mortality, cardiac death, MI, target vessel revascularization, major bleeding, stroke and ST. Following adjustment for HPR and other covariates, HD was independently associated with overall mortality, MI, ST, and major bleeding at 2 years. The relationship between HD status and 2-year MACE was consistent in patients with and without HPR (P(interaction) = .78). CONCLUSIONS: Nearly two-thirds of patients on HD exhibited HPR on clopidogrel, and both HD and HPR were independently associated with 2-year adverse outcomes after DES implantation. However, the deleterious impact of HD on clinical outcomes was present in both patients with and without HPR.
Ticagrelor vs Clopidogrel for Complex Percutaneous Coronary Intervention in Chronic Coronary Syndrome.$$$ BACKGROUND: Whether ticagrelor in chronic coronary syndrome patients undergoing complex percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) can prevent cardiovascular events is unknown. OBJECTIVES: The authors sought to evaluate outcomes of complex PCI and the efficacy of ticagrelor vs clopidogrel in stable patients randomized in the ALPHEUS (Assessment of Loading with the P2Y(12) inhibitor ticagrelor or clopidogrel to Halt ischemic Events in patients Undergoing elective coronary Stenting) trial. METHODS: All PCI procedures were blindly reviewed and classified as complex if they had at least 1 of the following criteria: stent length >60 mm, 2-stent bifurcation, left main, bypass graft, chronic total occlusion, use of atherectomy or guiding catheter extensions, multiwire technique, multiple stents. The primary endpoint was a composite of type 4a or b myocardial infarction (MI) and major myocardial injury during the 48 hours after PCI. We compared the event rates according to the presence or not of complex PCI criteria and evaluated the interaction with ticagrelor or clopidogrel. RESULTS: Among the 1,866 patients randomized, 910 PCI (48.3%) were classified as complex PCI. The primary endpoint was more frequent in complex PCI (45.6% vs 26.6%; P < 0.001) driven by higher rates of type 4 MI and angiographic complications (12.2% vs 4.8 %; P < 0.001 and 19.3% vs 8.6%; P < 0.05, respectively). The composite of death, MI, and stroke at 48 hours (12.7% vs 5.1 %; P < 0.05) and at 30 days (13.4% vs 5.3%; P < 0.05) was more frequent in complex PCI. No interaction was found between PCI complexity and the randomized treatment for the primary endpoint (P(interaction) = 0.47) nor the secondary endpoints. CONCLUSIONS: In chronic coronary syndrome, patients undergoing a complex PCI have higher rates of periprocedural and cardiovascular events that are not reduced by ticagrelor as compared with clopidogrel.
Dual Antithrombotic Therapy with Dabigatran after PCI in Atrial Fibrillation.$$$ BACKGROUND: Triple antithrombotic therapy with warfarin plus two antiplatelet agents is the standard of care after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) for patients with atrial fibrillation, but this therapy is associated with a high risk of bleeding. METHODS: In this multicenter trial, we randomly assigned 2725 patients with atrial fibrillation who had undergone PCI to triple therapy with warfarin plus a P2Y(12) inhibitor (clopidogrel or ticagrelor) and aspirin (for 1 to 3 months) (triple-therapy group) or dual therapy with dabigatran (110 mg or 150 mg twice daily) plus a P2Y(12) inhibitor (clopidogrel or ticagrelor) and no aspirin (110-mg and 150-mg dual-therapy groups). Outside the United States, elderly patients (≥80 years of age; ≥70 years of age in Japan) were randomly assigned to the 110-mg dual-therapy group or the triple-therapy group. The primary end point was a major or clinically relevant nonmajor bleeding event during follow-up (mean follow-up, 14 months). The trial also tested for the noninferiority of dual therapy with dabigatran (both doses combined) to triple therapy with warfarin with respect to the incidence of a composite efficacy end point of thromboembolic events (myocardial infarction, stroke, or systemic embolism), death, or unplanned revascularization. RESULTS: The incidence of the primary end point was 15.4% in the 110-mg dual-therapy group as compared with 26.9% in the triple-therapy group (hazard ratio, 0.52; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.42 to 0.63; P<0.001 for noninferiority; P<0.001 for superiority) and 20.2% in the 150-mg dual-therapy group as compared with 25.7% in the corresponding triple-therapy group, which did not include elderly patients outside the United States (hazard ratio, 0.72; 95% CI, 0.58 to 0.88; P<0.001 for noninferiority). The incidence of the composite efficacy end point was 13.7% in the two dual-therapy groups combined as compared with 13.4% in the triple-therapy group (hazard ratio, 1.04; 95% CI, 0.84 to 1.29; P=0.005 for noninferiority). The rate of serious adverse events did not differ significantly among the groups. CONCLUSIONS: Among patients with atrial fibrillation who had undergone PCI, the risk of bleeding was lower among those who received dual therapy with dabigatran and a P2Y(12) inhibitor than among those who received triple therapy with warfarin, a P2Y(12) inhibitor, and aspirin. Dual therapy was noninferior to triple therapy with respect to the risk of thromboembolic events. (Funded by Boehringer Ingelheim; RE-DUAL PCI ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT02164864 .). FAU - Cannon, Christopher P
Platelet-related biomarkers and their response to inhibition with aspirin and p2y(12)-receptor antagonists in patients with acute coronary syndrome.$$$ The PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial showed that treatment with ticagrelor reduced the rate of death due to vascular causes, myocardial infarction and stroke when compared to clopidogrel in patients with ST-elevation or non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome (ACS). While the comparative benefit of ticagrelor over clopidogrel increased over time, event rates accrued in both groups during the study period. The purpose of our biomarker-based exploratory analysis was to determine whether long-term platelet inhibition may be associated with platelet adaptation. A sample of 4000 participants from the PLATO trial also consented to participate in a prospectively designed biomarker substudy. Blood samples were procured at baseline, immediately prior to hospital discharge and at 1 and 6 months. Markers of platelet activity, including platelet count, serum CD40-ligand and soluble P-selectin were analyzed. Mean levels were compared at discharge, 1 and 6 months following study drug initiation-first for all patients and subsequently stratified by treatment group. A linear mixed model was used to estimate the short-term change rate (baseline to 1 month) and long-term change rate (1-6 months) for each biomarker. A Cox proportional hazards model was used to calculate hazard ratios for each change in biomarker over the two time periods examined: baseline to 1 month and 1 to 6 months. Prior to randomized treatment (baseline), sCD40 ligand and sP-selectin levels were elevated above the normal range of the assay (0.39 and 33.5 µg/L, respectively). The mean level of each biomarker was significantly different at 1 month compared to baseline (p < 0.0001). When stratified by treatment group, at 1 month patients treated with ticagrelor had a larger increase in platelet count compared to those treated with clopidogrel (p < 0.0001). Similarly, when comparing biomarker levels for all patients at 6 months with those at 1 month, each differed significantly (p < 0.05). There was no significant difference between treatment groups during this time period. The rate of change for both platelet count and sP-selectin were significantly different between baseline and 1 month when compared to the 1 to 6-month time period (p < 0.0001). When comparing treatment groups, the rate of increase in platelets from baseline to 1 month was greater for patients treated with ticagrelor (p < 0.0001). This was no longer observed in the 1 to 6-month interval. Using a Cox proportional hazard model, the increase in platelet count from 1 to 6 months was associated with ischemic-thrombotic events, while sCD40 ligand decrease from 1 to 6 months was associated with hemorrhagic events. There were no differences between treatment groups for the associations with clinical endpoints. Dynamic changes in platelet count, sCD-40 ligand and sP-selectin occur over time among patients with ACS. Platelet-directed therapy with a P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor in combination with aspirin modestly impacts the expression of these biomarkers. Platelet count and sCD40 ligand may offer modest overall predictive value for future ischemic-thrombotic or hemorrhagic clinical events, respectively. The existence of a platelet adaptome and its overall clinical significance among patients at risk for thrombotic events will require a more in-depth and platelet-biology specific investigation. FAU - Lowenstern, Angela
A point-of-care platelet function assay and C-reactive protein for prediction of major cardiovascular events after drug-eluting stent implantation.$$$ OBJECTIVES: This study sought to investigate clinical utility of on-site platelet function test and C-reactive protein (CRP) in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). BACKGROUND: Data on long-term prognostic value of high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) on clopidogrel after PCI are limited. As a distinct biological pathway, CRP has been suggested to be associated with post-PCI atherothrombotic events. METHODS: We evaluated 2,849 patients who received drug-eluting stents (DES) and had post-PCI VerifyNow P2Y12 assays (Accumetrics, San Diego, California) performed. Among them, baseline CRP measurement was available in 2,546 patients. The primary endpoint was a composite of all-cause death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, and stroke. RESULTS: During follow-up (median, 2.2 years), the occurrence of the primary endpoint did not significantly differ among patients with and without HTPR (2.8% vs. 2.4% at 2 years; hazard ratio [HR]: 1.33, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.88 to 2.01; p = 0.18). By contrast, patients with elevated CRP levels were at significantly higher risk for the primary endpoint, as compared with those with nonelevated CRP levels (5.6% vs. 1.7% at 2 years; HR: 2.81, 95% CI:, 1.83 to 4.31; p < 0.001). The VerifyNow test had no incremental usefulness to classify long-term risk. However, the incorporation of CRP into a model with conventional clinical and procedural risk factors significantly improved the C-statistic for the prediction of the primary endpoint (0.729 to 0.759; p = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: We failed to identify that HTPR measured by VerifyNow P2Y12 assay was significantly associated with long-term atherothrombotic risks in patients receiving DES. However, elevated CRP levels were significantly associated with worse outcomes and had incremental predictive values over conventional risk factors.
Comparison of Multiplate and VerifyNow platelet function tests in predicting clinical outcome in patients with acute coronary syndromes.$$$ INTRODUCTION: This study examined the ability of two widely used "point of care" platelet function assays, VerifyNow and Multiplate, to predict adverse outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). METHODS: We examined platelet reactivity using VerifyNow and Multiplate P2Y(12) assays in patients with ACS and the relationship between platelet reactivity and both MACE (defined as a composite of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis and unplanned revascularisation) and TIMI major bleeding at 1year. RESULTS: In 619 ACS patients, 65 patients (10.5%) had experienced MACE at 1year and 6 patients (1%) had TIMI major bleeding events. The two measures of platelet reactivity were only moderately correlated (Rho=0.43, p=0.0001). Both measures demonstrated a statistically significant relationship with MACE, with area under the curve for VerifyNow of 0.632 (0.001) and for Multiplate of 0.577 (p=0.04), and neither measure showed a significant relationship with bleeding. Logistic regression analysis found that only VerifyNow was a statistical predictor of MACE (p=0.01). MACE occurred in 16% of those classified as having HPR using VerifyNow compared to 7% in those without HPR (odds ratio of 2.6 (95% CI 1.5-4.4, p=0.001). In those classified as having HPR by the Multiplate assay, MACE occurred in 13% compared to 9% of those without HPR (Odds ratio 1.5 95% CI 0.9-2.5, p=0.11). CONCLUSION: The two points of care platelet function tests examined in this study were only moderately correlated. The VerifyNow assay demonstrated a stronger relationship to MACE than the Multiplate assay.
Should Antithrombotic Treatment Strategies in East Asians Differ from Caucasians?$$$ With over 1.5 billion people, East Asians are the most populous race in the world. Health status in this population is an important global issue. In the contemporary trials of antithrombotic treatment, East Asian patients have a lower risk for atherothrombotic diseases (especially, Coronary Artery Disease [CAD]) and a higher risk for bleeding (especially, gastrointestinal bleeding and hemorrhagic stroke). Despite these observations, antithrombotic treatment strategies in East Asian patients are mainly based on the American or European guidelines that are derived from randomized, controlled trials including mostly Caucasians. Despite a low response to clopidogrel, East Asian patients with CAD show a similar or even a lower rate of ischemic event occurrence and higher bleeding risk compared with Caucasian patients. The latter is referred to as the "East Asian Paradox", suggesting a dissimilar therapeutic window for antiplatelet therapy than Caucasians. In addition, different net clinical benefits have been observed between the races with potent P2Y12 inhibitors that may be related to racial differences in pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profiles. Furthermore, there is emerging concern regarding differences between East Asian vs. Western patients in pharmacodynamic and clinical efficacies of anticoagulant agents. We now summarize experimental and clinical evidence of the efficacy and safety of antithrombotic agents in the East Asian population. We suggest the concept of "race-tailored antithrombotic treatment" in CAD patients and/or in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.
Contemporary use of guideline-based higher potency P2Y12 receptor inhibitor therapy in patients with moderate-to-high risk non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: Results from the Canadian ACS reflective II cross-sectional study.$$$ BACKGROUND: After myocardial infarction, guidelines recommend higher-potency P2Y12 receptor inhibitors, namely ticagrelor and prasugrel, over clopidogrel. HYPOTHESIS: We aimed to determine the contemporary use of higher-potency antiplatelet therapy in Canadian patients with non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI). METHODS: A total of 684 moderate-to-high risk NSTEMI patients were enrolled in the prospective Canadian ACS Reflective II registry at 12 Canadian hospitals and three clinics in five provinces between July 2016 and May 2018. Multivariable logistic regression modeling was performed to assess factors independently associated with higher-potency P2Y12 receptor inhibitor use at discharge. RESULTS: At hospital discharge, 78.3% of patients were treated with a P2Y12 receptor inhibitor. Among patients discharged on a P2Y12 receptor inhibitor, use of higher-potency P2Y12 receptor inhibitor was 61.4%. After adjustment, treatment in-hospital with PCI (OR 4.48, 95%CI 3.34-6.03, p < .0001) was most strongly associated with higher use of higher-potency P2Y12 receptor inhibitor, while oral anticoagulant use at discharge (OR 0.03, 95%CI 0.01-0.12, p < .0001), and atrial fibrillation (OR 0.40, 95%CI 0.17-0.98, p = .046) were most strongly associated with lower use of higher-potency P2Y12 receptor inhibitor. Use of higher-potency P2Y12 receptor inhibitor varied across provinces (range, 21.6%-78.9%). DISCUSSION: In contemporary Canadian practice, approximately 60% of moderate-to-high risk NSTEMI patients discharged on a P2Y12 receptor inhibitor are treated with a higher-potency P2Y12 receptor inhibitor. In addition to factors that increase risk of bleeding, interprovincial differences in practice patterns were associated with use of higher-potency P2Y12 receptor inhibitor at discharge. Opportunities remain for further optimization of evidence-based, guideline-recommended antiplatelet therapy use.
Cangrelor reduces the risk of ischemic complications in patients with single-vessel and multi-vessel disease undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: Insights from the CHAMPION PHOENIX trial.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the safety and efficacy of cangrelor in patients with single-vessel disease (SVD) and multi-vessel disease (MVD). BACKGROUND: Cangrelor, an intravenous, rapidly acting P2Y(12) inhibitor, is superior to clopidogrel in reducing ischemic events among patients receiving percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS: We studied a modified intention to treat population of patients with SVD and MVD from the CHAMPION PHOENIX trial. The primary efficacy outcome was the composite of death, myocardial infarction (MI), ischemia-driven revascularization (IDR), and stent thrombosis (ST) at 48hours. The key safety outcome was non-coronary artery bypass grafting GUSTO severe bleeding at 48hours. RESULTS: Among 10,921 patients, 5,220 (48%) had SVD and 5,701 (52%) had MVD. MVD patients were older and more often had diabetes, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, prior stroke, and prior MI. After adjustment, MVD patients had similar rates of 48-hour death/MI/IDR/ST (6.3% vs 4.2%, adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.6 [95% CI 0.42-6.06]) and GUSTO severe bleeding (0.1% vs 0.2%, P=.67) compared with SVD patients. Consistent with overall trial findings, cangrelor use reduced ischemic complications in patients with both SVD (3.9% vs 4.5%; OR 0.86, 95% CI 0.65-1.12) and MVD (5.5% vs 7.2%; OR 0.74, 95% CI 0.6-0.92, P-interaction=.43). GUSTO severe bleeding outcomes were not significantly increased with cangrelor or clopidogrel in either SVD or MVD patients. CONCLUSION: In the CHAMPION PHOENIX trial, MVD and SVD patients had similar ischemic outcomes at 48hours and 30days. Cangrelor consistently reduced ischemic complications in both SVD and MVD patients without a significant increase in GUSTO severe bleeding. CLINICAL PERSPECTIVES.
Impact of body mass on P2Y12-inhibitor de-escalation in acute coronary syndromes-a substudy of the TROPICAL-ACS trial.$$$ AIMS: Clinical guidelines recommend de-escalation antiplatelet strategies to reduce bleeding risk in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients, albeit with a weak recommendation. This substudy of the TROPICAL-ACS trial aimed to determine the impact of body mass on the efficacy of a platelet function testing-guided de-escalation regimen in ACS patients after percutaneous coronary intervention. METHODS AND RESULTS: Patients were randomized to prasugrel (control group) or a platelet function testing-guided regimen with clopidogrel or prasugrel defined after 1-week clopidogrel. The primary endpoint was the net clinical benefit [cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, or Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) 2-5 bleeding] for 12 months. Overweight was defined as a body mass index >25 kg/m2.Patients without overweight showed a significant net clinical benefit from the de-escalation strategy, while in overweight cases de-escalation was comparable to prasugrel treatment [hazard ratio (HR): 0.52; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.31-0.88; P = 0.013 and HR: 0.95; 95% CI: 0.69-1.31, P = 0.717, P-non-inferiority = 0.03, respectively, P-interaction = 0.053]. The benefit of de-escalation in terms of the risk of bleeding or of the ischaemic events did not reach statistical significance. Bleeding events with de-escalation were less frequent in non-overweight patients but comparable in overweight patients (HR: 0.55; 95% CI: 0.30-1.03; P = 0.057 and HR: 0.95; 95% CI: 0.64-1.41, respectively, P-interaction = 0.147). Non-overweight patients had lower ischaemic event rates with de-escalation, while overweight cases had slightly less (HR: 0.47; 95% CI: 0.18-1.25; P = 0.128 and HR: 0.89; 95% CI: 0.53-1.50, respectively, P-interaction = 0.261). CONCLUSION: The strategy of guided dual antiplatelet therapy de-escalation was associated with a significant net clinical benefit in non-overweight patients, while the two strategies were equivalent in overweight patients.
Sodium/Potassium ATPase Alpha 1 Subunit Fine-tunes Platelet GPCR Signaling Function and is Essential for Thrombosis. LID - 2024.05.13.593923 [pii] LID - 10.1101/2024.05.13.593923 [doi]$$$ BACKGROUND: Thrombosis is a major cause of myocardial infarction and ischemic stroke. The sodium/potassium ATPase (NKA), comprising α and β subunits, is crucial in maintaining intracellular sodium and potassium gradients. However, the role of NKA in platelet function and thrombosis remains unclear. METHODS: We utilized wild-type (WT, α1(+/+)) and NKA α1 heterozygous (α1(+/-)) mice, aged 8 to 16 weeks, of both sexes. An intravital microscopy-based, FeCl(3)-induced carotid artery injury thrombosis model was employed for in vivo thrombosis assessment. Platelet transfusion assays were used to evaluate platelet NKA α1 function on thrombosis. Human platelets isolated from healthy donors and heart failure patients treated with/without digoxin were used for platelet function and signaling assay. Complementary molecular approaches were used for mechanistic studies. RESULTS: NKA α1 haplodeficiency significantly reduced its expression on platelets without affecting sodium homeostasis. It significantly inhibited 7.5% FeCl(3)-induced thrombosis in male but not female mice without disturbing hemostasis. Transfusion of α1(+/-), but not α1(+/+), platelets to thrombocytopenic WT mice substantially prolonged thrombosis. Treating WT mice with low-dose ouabain or marinobufagenin, both binding NKA α1 and inhibiting its ion-transporting function, markedly inhibited thrombosis in vivo. NKA α1 formed complexes with leucine-glycine-leucine (LGL)-containing platelet receptors, including P2Y12, PAR4, and thromboxane A2 receptor. This binding was significantly attenuated by LGL>SFT mutation or LGL peptide. Haplodeficiency of NKA α1 in mice or ouabain treatment of human platelets notably inhibited ADP-induced platelet aggregation. While not affecting 10% FeCl(3)-induced thrombosis, NKA α1 haplodeficiency significantly prolonged thrombosis time in mice treated with an ineffective dose of clopidogrel. CONCLUSION: NKA α1 plays an essential role in enhancing platelet activation through binding to LGL-containing platelet GPCRs. NKA α1 haplodeficiency or inhibition with low-dose ouabain and marinobufagenin significantly inhibited thrombosis and sensitized clopidogrel's anti-thrombotic effect. Targeting NKA α1 emerges as a promising antiplatelet and antithrombotic therapeutic strategy. FAU - Li, Oliver Q
Antithrombotic therapy in high-risk patients after percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ study design, cohort profile and incidence of adverse events.; BACKGROUND: Patients with multiple clinical risk factors are a complex group in whom both bleeding and recurrent ischaemic events often occur during treatment with dual/triple antithrombotic therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention. Decisions on optimal antithrombotic treatment in these patients are challenging and not supported by clear guideline recommendations. A prospective observational cohort study was set up to evaluate patient-related factors, platelet reactivity, genetics, and a broad spectrum of biomarkers in predicting adverse events in these high-risk patients. Aim of the current paper is to present the study design, with a detailed description of the cohort as a whole, and evaluation of bleeding and ischaemic outcomes during follow-up, thereby facilitating future research questions focusing on specific data provided by the cohort. METHODS: We included patients with ≥ 3 predefined risk factors who were treated with dual/triple antithrombotic therapy following PCI. We performed a wide range of haemostatic tests and collected all ischaemic and bleeding events during 6-12 months follow-up. RESULTS: We included 524 high-risk patients who underwent PCI within the previous 1-2 months. All patients used a P2Y12 inhibitor (clopidogrel n = 388, prasugrel n = 61, ticagrelor n = 75) in combination with aspirin (n = 397) and/or anticoagulants (n = 160). Bleeding events were reported by 254 patients (48.5%), necessitating intervention or hospital admission in 92 patients (17.5%). Major adverse cardiovascular events (myocardial infarction, stroke, death) occurred in 69 patients (13.2%). CONCLUSION: The high risk for both bleeding and ischaemic events in this cohort of patients with multiple clinical risk factors illustrates the challenges that the cardiologist faces to make a balanced decision on the optimal treatment strategy. This cohort will serve to answer several future research questions about the optimal management of these patients on dual/triple antithrombotic therapy, and the possible value of a wide range of laboratory tests to guide these decisions.
Comparison of platelet function tests in predicting clinical outcome in patients undergoing coronary stent implantation.$$$ Context High on-treatment platelet reactivity is associated with atherothrombotic events following coronary stent implantation. Objective To evaluate the capability of multiple platelet function tests to predict clinical outcome. Design, Setting, and Patients Prospective, observational, single-center cohort study of 1069 consecutive patients taking clopidogrel undergoing elective coronary stent implantation between December 2005 and December 2007. On-treatment platelet reactivity was measured in parallel by light transmittance aggregometry, Verify Now P2Y12 and Platelet works assays, and the IMPACT-R and the platelet function analysis system (PFA-100) (with the Dade PFA collagen/adenosine diphosphate (ADP) cartridge and Innovance PFA P2Y). Cutoff values for high on-treatment platelet reactivity were established by receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) analysis. Main Outcome Measurement The primary end point was defined as a composite of all-cause death, nonfatal acute myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, and ischemic stroke. The primary safety end point included TIMI (Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction) criteria major and minor bleeding. Results Kaplan-Meier analysis demonstrated that at 1-year follow-up, the primary end point occurred more frequently in patients with high on-treatment platelet reactivity when assessed by light transmittance aggregometry (52 [11.7%; 95% confidence interval {CI}, 8.9%-15.0%] vs 36 [6.0%;95%CI, 4.2%-8.2%] P.001; n=1049),Verify Now (54 [13.3%; 95% CI, 10.2%-17.0%] vs 37 [5.7%; 95% CI, 4.1%-7.8%]P.001; n=1052), Platelet works (33 [12.6%; 95% CI, 8.8%-17.2%] vs 21 [6.1%;95% CI, 3.8%-9.2%] P=.005; n=606), and Innovance PFA P2Y (18 [12.2%; 95%CI; 7.4%-18.6%] vs 28 [6.3%; 95% CI, 4.3%-8.9%] P=.02; n=588). ROC-curve analysis demonstrated that light transmittance aggregometry (area under the curve[AUC], 0.63; 95% CI, 0.58-0.68), Verify Now (AUC, 0.62; 95% CI, 0.57-0.67), and Platelet works (AUC, 0.61; 95% CI, 0.53-0.69) had modest ability to discriminate between patients with and without primary end point at 1-year follow-up. The IMPACT-R(n=905) and the Siemens PFA Collagen/ADP (n=812) were unable to discriminate between patients with and without the primary end point at 1-year follow-up (all AUCs included 0.50 in the CI). None of the tests identified patients at risk for bleeding. Conclusions Of the platelet function tests assessed, light transmittance aggregometry,Verify Now, Platelet works, and Innovance PFA P2Y were significantly associated with the primary end point. However, the predictive accuracy of these 4 tests was only modest. None of the tests provided accurate prognostic information to identify patients at higher risk of bleeding following stent implantation. Trial Registration clinical trials.gov Identifier: NCT00352014 [corrected]. FAU - Breet, Nicoline J
Insights from Egyptian ticagrelor study in patients who presented with acute coronary syndrome (ETS in ACS).$$$ BACKGROUND: Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and a thienopyridine is used to prevent thrombotic complications of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and percutaneous coronary interventions (PCI). Ticagrelor is an oral, reversible inhibitor of the adenosine diphosphate receptor P2Y12 with a faster onset and more potent platelet inhibition than clopidogrel. A study was needed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of generic ticagrelor in Egyptian patients. RESULTS: This multicenter study included 830 patients aged above 40 years and diagnosed with ACS, with or without ST segment elevation during the preceding 6 months. They received generic ticagrelor (Thrombolinta, Global Napi Pharmaceutical Company, Egypt) (180 mg loading dose, 90 mg twice daily thereafter), added to aspirin 75-100 mg daily. The mean age of our study population was 57.5 (8.3) years and 38.3% were females. Hypertension, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia and previous coronary revascularization were present in 70.7%, 59.2%, 80.7% and 31% of the patients, respectively, and 42.5% were current smokers. The qualifying event was unstable angina, non-ST segment elevation myocardial infarction and ST segment elevation myocardial infarction in 54%, 21.8% and 24.2% of the patients, respectively. At 6 months, the primary efficacy end point-a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction and stroke-occurred in 3.4% of patients, while the secondary efficacy endpoint-a composite of the primary efficacy endpoints with the addition of hospitalization for unstable angina and urgent revascularization-occurred in 15.3%. Cardiovascular death occurred in 1.2% of the patients, myocardial infarction in 0.8%, stroke in 1.3%, hospitalization for UA in 8.1% and urgent revascularization in 3.9%. TIMI major bleeding occurred in 1.2% of patients, intracranial hemorrhage in 0.2% and TIMI minor bleeding in 13.3%. No significant difference was found between patients who underwent PCI at baseline and those who were treated conservatively regarding the primary (14 patients in each group, P = 0.931) and secondary (62 vs. 65 patients, P = 0.946) efficacy endpoints. CONCLUSIONS: In patients who had an ACS during the 6 months preceding enrollment, treatment with generic ticagrelor led to a low rate of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction and stroke with a minor increase in the risk of major bleeding.
Single antiplatelet therapy with use of prasugrel in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.$$$ OBJECTIVES: We aimed to assess the ischemic and bleeding risks of single antiplatelet therapy (SAPT) with prasugrel compared with standard dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) (aspirin plus clopidogrel for 1 year) in patients with chronic coronary syndrome (CCS) treated with new generation drug-eluting stents (DES). BACKGROUND: To date, data on SAPT with potent P2Y12 inhibitors in the absence of aspirin immediately after PCI are limited. METHODS: Between January 2009 and November 2019, all CCS patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) enrolled to the Bern PCI registry were considered for analysis. We performed propensity score matching in a 1:4 fashion to compare patients who received SAPT with prasugrel versus standard DAPT. The primary ischemic endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, and stroke and the primary bleeding endpoint was BARC 3 or 5 bleeding, both assessed at 1 year. RESULTS: After propensity score matching, the final study population consisted of 225 patients with SAPT and 889 with DAPT. There was no significant difference in rates of the primary ischemic (5.2% vs. 4.2%, p = .50) or the primary bleeding (1.5% vs. 2.0%, p = .60) endpoints between groups. SAPT was not associated with an increased risk of definite stent thrombosis (0.9% vs. 0.8%, p = .83). CONCLUSIONS: Among selected CCS patients undergoing PCI with DES, SAPT with prasugrel was not associated with an excess of ischemic events compared with standard DAPT. No difference in bleeding was observed either. The results may serve as the basis for larger trials assessing the potential benefits and risks of SAPT.
High-loading Gα(13)-binding EXE peptide nanoparticles prevent thrombosis and protect mice from cardiac ischemia/reperfusion injury. LID - 10.1126/scitranslmed.aaz7287 [doi] LID - eaaz7287$$$ Inefficient delivery is a major obstacle to the development of peptide-based drugs targeting the intracellular compartment. We recently showed that selectively inhibiting integrin outside-in signaling using a peptide (mP6) derived from the Gα(13)-binding ExE motif within the integrin β(3) cytoplasmic domain had antithrombotic effects. Here, we engineered lipid-stabilized, high-loading peptide nanoparticles (HLPN), in which a redesigned ExE peptide (M3mP6) constituted up to 70% of the total nanoparticle molarity, allowing efficient in vivo delivery. We observed that M3mP6 HLPN inhibited occlusive thrombosis more potently than a clopidogrel/aspirin combination without adverse effects on hemostasis in rodents. Furthermore, M3mP6 HLPN synergized with P2Y12 receptor inhibitors or the clopidogrel/aspirin combination in preventing thrombosis, without exacerbating hemorrhage. M3mP6 HLPN also inhibited intravascular coagulation more potently than the P2Y12 inhibitor cangrelor. Postischemia injection of M3mP6 HLPN protected the heart from myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury in a mouse model. This study demonstrates an efficient in vivo peptide delivery strategy for a therapeutic that not only efficaciously prevented thrombosis with minimal bleeding risk but also protected from myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury in mice.
Design and rationale for the Prevention of Cardiovascular Events in Patients With Prior Heart Attack Using Ticagrelor Compared to Placebo on a Background of Aspirin-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction 54 (PEGASUS-TIMI 54) trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: P2Y12 receptor antagonist therapy is recommended in addition to ASA for up to 1 year after acute coronary syndrome to reduce ischemic events. In contrast, the benefit of long-term dual antiplatelet therapy beyond 1 year remains unclear. Ticagrelor is a potent, reversibly binding P2Y12 receptor-antagonist that has been shown to be superior to clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndromes for up to 1 year. STUDY DESIGN: PEGASUS-TIMI 54 is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multinational clinical trial designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor in addition to aspirin (75-150 mg) for the prevention of major adverse cardiovascular events in patients with a history of myocardial infarction and risk factors. Patients with a history of spontaneous myocardial infarction within 1 to 3 years are randomized in a 1:1:1 fashion to ticagrelor 90 mg twice daily, ticagrelor 60 mg twice daily, or matching placebo, all with low dose ASA, until the end of the study. The primary endpoint is a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke. Recruitment began in October 2010 and completed in April 2013 with a sample size of over 21,000 patients. The trial is planned to continue until the latest of either 1,360 adjudicated primary end points are accrued or the last patient randomized has been followed for at least 12 months. CONCLUSIONS: PEGASUS-TIMI 54 is investigating whether the addition of intensive antiplatelet therapy with ticagrelor to low-dose aspirin reduces major adverse cardiovascular events in high-risk patients with a history of myocardial infarction.
De-escalation versus standard dual antiplatelet therapy in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ Switching from a potent P2Y(12) blocker to clopidogrel is not uncommon for antiplatelet therapy in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. This meta-analysis aimed to investigate the efficacy and safety of this de-escalation strategy. Medical literature databases were searched for analysis comparing continued potent antiplatelet therapy and switching to clopidogrel with no language restrictions from inception to 07/May/2018. The primary endpoints of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) and major bleeding together with additional efficacy outcomes were assessed by random-effects and fixed-effects meta-analysis. A total of 17 896 patients in 13 studies were eligible for analysis, while 17 579 (98.2%) patients presented as acute coronary syndrome and 4105 (23%) patients received the de-escalation therapy. Incidence of MACE was virtually identical in both de-escalation and standard potent antiplatelet therapy groups (odds ratio 0.91, 95% CI 0.73-1.14; P = 0.43). Insignificant difference was also observed in major bleeding (0.99, 0.62-1.60; P = 0.97), all-cause death (0.95, 0.61-1.46; P = 0.81), cardiovascular death (0.66, 0.31-1.42; P = 0.29), myocardial infarction (1.12, 0.80-1.58; P = 0.51), stent thrombosis (1.09, 0.50-2.36; P = 0.83), unplanned revascularization (1.09, 0.83-1.41; P = 0.54), and stroke (1.16, 0.62-2.19; P = 0.64). In conclusion, de-escalation of antiplatelet therapy is associated with nonsignificant differences in both ischemic events and major bleeding compared with standard potent antiplatelet therapy in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. The feasibility and even superiority of this strategy need to be elucidated by further randomized trials. FAU - Guo, Chen
The effect of sex on the efficacy and safety of dual antithrombotic therapy with dabigatran versus triple therapy with warfarin after PCI in patients with atrial fibrillation (a RE-DUAL PCI subgroup analysis and comparison to other dual antithrombotic therapy trials).$$$ BACKGROUND: The RE-DUAL PCI trial demonstrated that in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation (AF) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), dual therapy with dabigatran and a P2Y(12) inhibitor, either clopidogrel or ticagrelor, reduced the risk of bleeding without an increased risk of thromboembolic events as compared to triple therapy with warfarin in addition to a P2Y(12) inhibitor and aspirin. What remains unclear is whether this effect is consistent between males and females undergoing PCI. HYPOTHESIS: The reduction in risk of bleeding without increased risk of thromboembolic events with dual therapy with dabigatran and a P2Y(12) inhibitor in comparison to triple therapy with warfarin, a P2Y(12) inhibitor and aspirin is consistent in females and males. METHODS: The primary safety endpoint was the first International Society on Thrombosis and Hemostasis (ISTH) major bleeding event (MBE) or clinically relevant non-major bleeding event (CRNMBE). The efficacy endpoint was the composite of death, thromboembolic event (stroke, myocardial infarction, and systemic embolism) or unplanned revascularization. Cox proportional hazard regression analyses were applied to calculate corresponding hazard ratios and interaction p values for each endpoint. RESULTS: A total of 655 women and 2070 men were enrolled. The risk of major or CRNM bleeding was lower with both dabigatran 110 mg dual therapy and dabigatran 150 mg dual therapy compared with warfarin triple therapy in female and male patients (for 110 mg: females: HR 0.69, 95% CI 0.47-1.01, males: HR 0.46, 95% CI 0.37-0.59, interaction p value: 0.084 and for 150 mg: females HR 0.74, 95% CI 0.48-1.16, males HR 0.71, 95% CI 0.56-0.90, interaction p value: 0.83). There was also no detectable difference in the composite efficacy endpoint of death, thromboembolic events or unplanned revascularization between dabigatran dual therapy and warfarin triple therapy, with no statistically significant interaction between sex and treatment (interaction p values: 0.73 and 0.72, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Consistent with the overall study results, the risk of bleeding was lower with dabigatran 110 mg and 150 mg dual therapy compared with warfarin triple therapy, and risk of thromboembolic events was comparable with warfarin triple therapy independent of the patient's sex.
Bivalirudin vs. heparin on a background of ticagrelor and aspirin in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention: A multicenter prospective cohort study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Current guidelines recommend potent P2Y12 inhibitors such as ticagrelor over clopidogrel as part of the dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) after ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI), irrespective of final management strategy. The aim of this multicenter prospective cohort study was to examine the efficacy and safety of bivalirudin with background ticagrelor and aspirin therapy in patients with STEMI undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PPCI). METHODS: A total of 800 patients with STEMI who were undergoing PPCI and receiving treatment with aspirin and ticagrelor from three Hospitals between April 2019 and September 2021 were included in this study. The patients were assigned, according to the perioperative anticoagulant, to the bivalirudin group (n = 456) or the heparin group (n = 344). In this study, the primary endpoint was 30-day net adverse clinical events (NACEs), a composite of major adverse cardiac or cerebral events (MACCEs, a composite of cardiac death, recurrent myocardial infarction, ischemia-driven target vessel revascularization, or stroke), or any bleeding as defined by the Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) definition (grades 1-5). RESULTS: The patients were followed up for 30 days after PPCI. The incidence of NACE was significantly lower in the bivalirudin group than in the heparin group (11.2 vs. 16.0%, P = 0.042), and this significance was mainly a consequence of the reduction in BARC 1 bleeding events in the bivalirudin group compared to the heparin group (3.2 vs. 7.1%, P = 0.010). Results from multivariate Cox regression analysis showed that bivalirudin significantly reduced 30-day NACE (HR: 0.676, 95% CI: 0.462-0.990, P = 0.042) and BARC1 bleeding events (HR: 0.429, 95% CI: 0.222-0.830, P = 0.010). No significant between-group differences were observed for MACCE, all-cause mortality, cardiac death, recurrent myocardial infarction, stroke, target vessel revascularization, stent thrombosis, and BARC2-5 bleeding events at 30 days. CONCLUSION: In patients with STEMI who were undergoing primary PCI and receiving treatment with aspirin and ticagrelor, bivalirudin was associated with decreased rates in NACE and minimal bleeding events without significant differences in the rates of MACCE or stent thrombosis when compared with heparin. Nevertheless, large randomized trials are warranted to confirm these observations. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial was registered at the Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (ChiCTR, http://www.chictr.org.cn; identifier [ChiCTR1900022529]). Registered on 15 April 2019. Registration title: Effect of bivalirudin combined with ticagrelor in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction during primary percutaneous coronary intervention.
Safety and Efficacy in Prasugrel- Versus Ticagrelor-Treated Patients With ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction.$$$ Prasugrel and ticagrelor are recommended over clopidogrel in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). In this registry analysis, we compared efficacy and safety of ticagrelor and prasugrel P2Y12 inhibition in patients with STEMI. We included 318 patients in this single-center analysis. Twelve-month follow-up was conducted during ambulatory care at our department. Patients were on dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and ticagrelor or prasugrel during the follow-up period. Prescription of prasugrel or ticagrelor, respectively, was according to the preference of the treating physician. Major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCE) [death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, and unplanned reintervention] and thrombolysis in myocardial infarction (TIMI) bleeding (major/minor) were registered during hospitalization and follow-up. TIMI bleeding events were more frequent in ticagrelor-treated patients [17 vs. 5 patients, hazard ratio (HR) 2.85, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.2-6.6; log-rank P value = 0.01]. Prasugrel-treated patients were significantly younger (ticagrelor 63 ± 12 years vs. prasugrel 57 ± 10; P < 0.0001). Besides that, patients' characteristics were similar in both groups. Multivariate analysis revealed that ticagrelor medication was independently associated with bleeding risk after adjustment for age, percutaneous coronary intervention approach (femoral vs. radial), diabetes mellitus, and kidney function (HR 3.01; 95% CI 1.0-7.4; P = 0.043). In patients treated with ticagrelor, 35 MACCE were detected. There was no difference as compared to prasugrel-treated patients (24 events, HR 1.24, 95% CI 0.79-2.09; log-rank P value = 0.41). TIMI bleeding events were more frequent in ticagrelor-treated patients with STEMI during 12-month follow-up. There were no differences in MACCE between groups in this registry analysis. FAU - Dimitroulis, Dimitrios
6-month versus 12-month or longer dual antiplatelet therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with acute coronary syndrome (SMART-DATE): a randomised, open-label, non-inferiority trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Current guidelines recommend dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) of aspirin plus a P2Y12 inhibitor for at least 12 months after implantation of drug-eluting stents (DES) in patients with acute coronary syndrome. However, available data about the optimal duration of DAPT in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention are scant. We aimed to investigate whether a 6-month duration of DAPT would be non-inferior to the conventional 12-month or longer duration of DAPT in this population. METHODS: We did a randomised, open-label, non-inferiority trial at 31 centres in South Korea. Patients were eligible if they had unstable angina, non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction, or ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction, and underwent percutaneous coronary intervention. Enrolled patients were randomly assigned, via a web-based system by computer-generated block randomisation, to either the 6-month DAPT group or to the 12-month or longer DAPT group, with stratification by site, clinical presentation, and diabetes. Assessors were masked to treatment allocation. The primary endpoint was a composite of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, or stroke at 18 months after the index procedure in the intention-to-treat population. Secondary endpoints were the individual components of the primary endpoint; definite or probable stent thrombosis as defined by the Academic Research Consortium; and Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) type 2-5 bleeding at 18 months after the index procedure. The primary endpoint was also analysed per protocol. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01701453. FINDINGS: Between Sept 5, 2012, and Dec 31, 2015, we randomly assigned 2712 patients; 1357 to the 6-month DAPT group and 1355 to the 12-month or longer DAPT group. Clopidogrel was used as a P2Y12 inhibitor for DAPT in 1082 (79·7%) patients in the 6-month DAPT group and in 1109 (81·8%) patients in the 12-month or longer DAPT group. The primary endpoint occurred in 63 patients in the 6-month DAPT group and in 56 patients in the 12-month or longer DAPT group (cumulative event rate 4·7% vs 4·2%; absolute risk difference 0·5%; upper limit of one-sided 95% CI 1·8%; p(non-inferiority)=0·03 with a predefined non-inferiority margin of 2·0%). Although all-cause mortality did not differ significantly between the 6-month DAPT group and the 12-month or longer DAPT group (35 [2·6%] patients vs 39 [2·9%]; hazard ratio [HR] 0·90 [95% CI 0·57-1·42]; p=0·90) and neither did stroke (11 [0·8%] patients vs 12 [0·9%]; 0·92 [0·41-2·08]; p=0·84), myocardial infarction occurred more frequently in the 6-month DAPT group than in the 12-month or longer DAPT group (24 [1·8%] patients vs ten [0·8%]; 2·41 [1·15-5·05]; p=0·02). 15 (1·1%) patients had stent thrombosis in the 6-month DAPT group compared with ten (0·7%) in the 12-month or longer DAPT group (HR 1·50 [95% CI 0·68-3·35]; p=0·32). The rate of BARC type 2-5 bleeding was 2·7% (35 patients) in the 6-month DAPT group and 3·9% (51 patients) in the 12-month or longer DAPT group (HR 0·69 [95% CI 0·45-1·05]; p=0·09). Results from the per-protocol analysis were similar to those from the intention-to-treat analysis. INTERPRETATION: The increased risk of myocardial infarction with 6-month DAPT and the wide non-inferiority margin prevent us from concluding that short-term DAPT is safe in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with current-generation DES. Prolonged DAPT in patients with acute coronary syndrome without excessive risk of bleeding should remain the standard of care. FUNDING: Abbott Vascular Korea, Medtronic Vascular Korea, Biosensors Inc, and Dong-A ST.
The therapeutic potential of purinergic signalling.$$$ This review is focused on the pathophysiology and therapeutic potential of purinergic signalling. A wide range of diseases are considered, including those of the central nervous system, skin, kidney, musculoskeletal, liver gut, lower urinary tract, cardiovascular, airways and reproductive systems, the special senses, infection, diabetes and obesity. Several purinergic drugs are already on the market, including P2Y(12) receptor antagonists for stroke and thrombosis, P2Y(2) receptor agonists for dry eye, and A(1) receptor agonists for supraventricular tachycardia. Clinical trials are underway for the use of P2X3 receptor antagonists for the treatment of chronic cough, visceral pain and hypertension, and many more compounds are being explored for the treatment of other diseases. Most experiments are 'proof of concept' studies on animal or cellular models, which hopefully will lead to further clinical trials. The review summarises the topic, mostly referring to recent review articles.
Increased serum vWF and sVCAM-1 levels are associated with late or very late angiographic stent thrombosis after sirolimus-eluting stent implantation.$$$ BACKGROUND: This study sought to examine whether circulatory levels of endothelial dysfunction biomarkers [vascular cell adhesion molecule (sVCAM-1), intercellular adhesion molecule (sICAM-1), sE-selectin, von Willebrand factor (vWF), tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA) and plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI-1)] are associated with occurrence of late or very late stent thrombosis (ST) after percutaneous coronary intervention with sirolimus-eluting stent implantation, and to assess the possible influence of genetic variants of these proteins on ST. METHODS: Serum levels of sVCAM-1, sICAM-1, sE-selectin, vWF, t-PA and PAI-1 were measured, and polymorphisms of vWF (-1234C/T, -1185A/G and -1051G/A), t-PA (insertion/deletion) and PAI-1 genes (4G/5G) were determined in 41 patients who experienced at least one episode of late or very late ST. Eighty-two patients without ST randomly selected from the same study period served as controls. RESULTS: Serum levels of vWF, sVCAM-1 and sICAM-1 were significantly increased in patients with ST than in controls (all P<0.01). No significant difference was observed in the genotype and allele distribution of the vWF, t-PA and PAI-1 gene polymorphisms. Multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that vWF, sVCAM-1, discontinuation of clopidogrel therapy and left ventricular ejection fraction of less than 50% were independent determinants of late ST. CONCLUSION: Increased serum vWF and sVCAM-1 levels are associated with late ST, suggesting that endothelial dysfunction contributes to the development of late or very late ST. FAU - Jin, Cao
Diabetes and outcomes following guided de-escalation of antiplatelet treatment in acute coronary syndrome patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a pre-specified analysis from the randomised TROPICAL-ACS trial.$$$ AIMS: A guided de-escalation of P2Y12 inhibitor treatment is considered an alternative treatment strategy in ACS patients undergoing PCI. However, the safety and efficacy of this strategy may differ in diabetic vs non-diabetic patients. The aim of this study was to compare the outcomes of platelet function testing (PFT)-guided de-escalation of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) in ACS patients with and without diabetes mellitus. METHODS AND RESULTS: The TROPICAL-ACS trial randomised 2,610 biomarker-positive ACS patients 1:1 to either standard treatment with prasugrel for 12 months (control group) or PFT-guided DAPT de-escalation. The association and interaction of diabetes on clinical endpoints across treatment groups and on platelet reactivity was investigated. In diabetic patients (n=527, 20.2%), the overall event rates were high and the one-year incidence of the primary endpoint (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke or bleeding ≥grade 2) did not differ between guided de-escalation and control group patients (12.5% vs 10.8%; HR 1.17, 95% CI: 0.71-1.93, p=0.55). In non-diabetic patients (n=2,083, 79.8%), the one-year incidence of the primary endpoint was lower in the guided de-escalation vs control group (6.1% vs 8.5%; HR 0.71, 95% CI: 0.52-0.99, p=0.04, pint=0.10). Diabetic patients showed higher platelet reactivity levels in both control (=on prasugrel, p=0.01) and guided de-escalation group (=on clopidogrel, p=0.005) patients. CONCLUSIONS: Although diabetic status did not significantly interfere with the treatment effects of guided DAPT de-escalation, our results suggest that this approach might be safe and effective in non-diabetic patients. Further investigation is definitely warranted in diabetic patients. FAU - Hein, Ralph
Gender-Related Differences in Antiplatelet Therapy and Impact on 1-Year Clinical Outcome in Patients Presenting With ACS: The START ANTIPLATELET Registry.$$$ We investigated whether gender influences antiplatelet treatment in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The primary end point was major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCEs), a composite of death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, or target vessel revascularization. The coprimary end point was net adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (NACEs), based on MACCE plus major bleeding. From January 2014 to December 2016, 840 consecutive patients with ACS who completed 1-year follow-up were enrolled, 625 (74%) males and 215 (26%) females. Percutaneous coronary interventions (PCI) and drug-eluting stents (DES) were more often used in males (PCI: 532 [87%] vs 168 [80%], P = .02 and DES 474 [76%] vs 143 [66%], P = .01). Males were more often treated with dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT; 94% vs 88%, P = .01). In DAPT, ticagrelor was the most prevalent strategy, regardless of gender (47% vs 49%, P = .68); clopidogrel was preferred in women (42% vs 33%, P = .04); and prasugrel was preferred in men (11% vs 17%, P = .04). At multivariate analysis, MACCE and NACE were similar between genders. Therefore, although P(2)Y(12) inhibitor choice in DAPT might be influenced by gender, a DAPT choice, tailored by balancing the ischemic/bleeding risk, has a similar clinical outcome irrespective of gender. FAU - Cirillo, Plinio
Comparison of prasugrel and ticagrelor in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: A meta-analysis of randomized and non-randomized studies.$$$ BACKGROUND: The newer oral P2Y12 receptor antagonists (i.e. prasugrel and ticagrelor) are recommended over clopidogrel for patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) going for percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). As the superiority of one agent over the other remains unclear, we designed a systematic review and meta-analysis of these agents in patients with ACS undergoing PCI. METHODS: PUBMED, EMBASE, Cochrane CENTRAL, CINAHL and manual search were performed through 11/02/2016. Mortality, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, repeat revascularization, stent thrombosis (ST) and BARC bleeding ≥2 were the major outcomes. RESULTS: A total of 9 studies with 21,360 total patients were included in the meta-analysis. Compared to ticagrelor, prasugrel was associated with lower rate of MI [0.8% vs. 1.9%; 0.54 (0.29-0.99); P=0.05] but no difference was noted in mortality [2.1% vs. 2.4%; 0.84 (0.64-1.09); P=0.19], repeat revascularization [1.6% vs. 2.1%; 0.82 (0.61-1.10); P=0.19] and stroke [0.2% vs. 0.3%; 0.68 (0.25-1.83); P=0.44] between two agents. In addition, prasugrel was associated with lower risk of BARC ≥2 bleeding [2.5% vs. 3.8%; 0.75 (0.59-0.95); P=0.02] and showed a trend toward a lower risk of ST [0.3% vs. 0.6%; 0.55 (0.28-1.07); P=0.08] in comparison with ticagrelor. CONCLUSIONS: Based on this meta-analysis of observational and randomized studies, prasugrel appears to be equivalent or superior to ticagrelor in patients with ACS undergoing PCI on the 30-day follow up. Larger randomized trials with longer follow-ups are needed to establish superiority of one agent over the other.
Laboratory-Based Markers as Predictors of Brain Infarction During Carotid Stenting: a Prospective Study.$$$ AIM: New ischemic lesions in the brain can be detected in approximately 50% of patients undergoing carotid artery stenting (CAS). We wished to discover the laboratory-based predictors of new infarctions in the brain after CAS. METHODS: All consecutive patients with internal carotid artery stenosis of ≥70% with indication for CAS were enrolled in a prospective study for 16 months. All patients used dual antiplatelet therapy for ≥7 days before CAS. Neurologic examination and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the brain were undertaken before and at 24 h after CAS. Samples of venous blood were collected at ＜24 h before CAS for the evaluation of hematology, reticulocytes, coagulation markers (PT, APTT, Fbg, Clauss), vWF antigen, PAI-1 activity, PAI-1 polymorphism 4G/5G, and the multiplate (aspirin and clopidogrel) resistance test. Blood samples for the assessment of anti-Xa activity were collected during CAS. Differences in the values of laboratory markers between patients with and without new ischemic lesions of the brain on control MRI were evaluated. RESULTS: The cohort comprised 81 patients (53 males; mean age, 67.3±7.2 years). New ischemic infarctions in the brain on control MRI were found in 46 (56.8%) patients. Three of seven patients with resistance to aspirin or clopidogrel had a new ischemic infarction in the brain. No significant differences for particular markers were found between patients with and without an ischemic lesion in the brain. CONCLUSION: A high risk of a new ischemic infarction in the brain was detected in patients undergoing CAS, but a laboratory-based predictor of such an infarction could not be identified. FAU - Kuliha, Martin
Biomarker-Based Prediction of Recurrent Ischemic Events in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndromes.$$$ BACKGROUND: In patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS), there is residual and variable risk of recurrent ischemic events. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to develop biomarker-based prediction models for 1-year risk of cardiovascular (CV) death and myocardial infarction (MI) in patients with ACS undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. METHODS: We included 10,713 patients from the PLATO (A Comparison of Ticagrelor [AZD6140] and Clopidogrel in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndrome) trial in the development cohort and externally validated in 3,508 patients from the TRACER (Thrombin Receptor Antagonist for Clinical Event Reduction in Acute Coronary Syndrome) trial. Variables contributing to risk of CV death/MI were assessed using Cox regression models, and a score was derived using subsets of variables approximating the full model. RESULTS: There were 632 and 190 episodes of CV death/MI in the development and validation cohorts. The most important predictors of CV death/MI were the biomarkers, growth differentiation factor 15, and N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide, which had greater prognostic value than all candidate variables. The final model included 8 items: age (A), biomarkers (B) (growth differentiation factor 15 and N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide), and clinical variables (C) (extent of coronary artery disease, previous vascular disease, Killip class, ACS type, P2Y(12) inhibitor). The model, named ABC-ACS ischemia, was well calibrated and showed good discriminatory ability for 1-year risk of CV death/MI with C-indices of 0.71 and 0.72 in the development and validation cohorts, respectively. For CV death, the score performed better, with C-indices of 0.80 and 0.84 in the development and validation cohorts, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: An 8-item score for the prediction of CV death/MI was developed and validated for patients with ACS undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. The ABC-ACS ischemia score showed good calibration and discrimination and might be useful for risk prediction and decision support in patients with ACS. (A Comparison of Ticagrelor [AZD6140] and Clopidogrel in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndrome [PLATO]; NCT00391872; Trial to Assess the Effects of Vorapaxar [SCH 530348; MK-5348] in Preventing Heart Attack and Stroke in Participants With Acute Coronary Syndrome [TRACER]; NCT00527943).
Current status of antithrombotic therapy and in-hospital outcomes in patients with atrial fibrillation undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention in Germany.$$$ BACKGROUND: Little is known about current patterns of antithrombotic therapy in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in clinical practice in Germany. METHODS: The RIVA-PCI is a prospective, non-interventional, multicenter study with follow-up until hospital discharge including consecutive patients with AF undergoing PCI. RESULTS: Between January 2018 and March 2020, 1636 patients (elective in 52.6%, non-ST elevation acute coronary syndrome [NSTE-ACS] in 39.3%, ST-elevation myocardial infarction in 8.2%) from 51 German hospitals were enrolled in the study. After PCI a dual antithrombotic therapy (DAT) consisting of OAC and a P2Y12 inhibitor was given to 66.0%, triple antithrombotic therapy (TAT) to 26.0%, dual antiplatelet therapy to 5.5%, and a mono-therapy to 2.5% of the patients. Non-vitamin K antagonist oral anticoagulants (NOACs) were given to 82.4% and vitamin K antagonists to 11.5% of the patients. In-hospital events included death in 12 cases (0.7%), myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, and ischemic stroke in four (0.2%) patients each, while 2.8% of patients had bleeding complications. The recommended durations for DAT or TAT at discharge were 1 month (1.5%), 3 months (2.1%), 6 months (43.1%), and 12 months (45.6%), with a 6-month course of DAT (47.7%) most often recommended after elective PCI and a 12-month course of DAT (40.1%) after ACS. CONCLUSION: The preferred therapy after PCI in patients with AF is DAT with a NOAC and clopidogrel. In-hospital ischemic and bleeding events were rare. The recommended durations for combination therapy vary considerably.
Prasugrel vs. Ticagrelor for Acute Coronary Syndrome Patients Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: The newer P2Y(12) inhibitors have better efficacy than clopidogrel. However, whether ticagrelor or prasugrel have a better comparative safety and efficacy profile, especially in the long-term, remains inconclusive. OBJECTIVE: We compared prasugrel and ticagrelor in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS: MEDLINE and the Cochrane library were queried for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) or observational studies comparing prasugrel with ticagrelor in patients with ACS undergoing PCI. Random-effects pooling was used to calculate odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Analyses were stratified by duration of follow-up (short term [≤ 3 months] and long term [≥ 1 year]) and study design. RESULTS: In total, 14 studies (six RCTs, eight observational studies), including 40,188 patients, met eligibility criteria. Pooled analysis did not indicate that prasugrel significantly decreased all-cause mortality compared with ticagrelor in the short term (OR 0.49; 95% CI 0.20-1.20; p = 0.11) or long term (OR 0.74; 95% CI 0.48-1.15; p = 0.38). Pooled observational studies showed significantly lower long-term all-cause mortality (OR 0.63; 95% CI 0.43-0.92; p = 0.02) and short-term stent thrombosis (OR 0.46; 95% CI 0.28-0.75; p = 0.002) with prasugrel. No significant difference was observed in the risk of nonfatal myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, bleeding, or repeat revascularization between the two groups. Results remained similar after stratification according to follow-up and study design. CONCLUSIONS: The present analysis suggests that prasugrel might have a better efficacy profile than ticagrelor in patients with ACS undergoing PCI. However, this advantage was only seen in pooled observational studies and is likely to be affected by selection bias. FAU - Khan, Muhammad Shahzeb
Effect of prasugrel pre-treatment strategy in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention for NSTEMI: the ACCOAST-PCI study.$$$ BACKGROUND: After percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) for non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI), treatment with a P2Y12 antagonist with aspirin is recommended for 1 year. OBJECTIVES: The oral P2Y12 antagonists ticagrelor and prasugrel have higher recommendations than clopidogrel, but it is unknown if administration before the start of PCI is beneficial. METHODS: In the randomized, double-blind ACCOAST (A Comparison of prasugrel at the time of percutaneous Coronary intervention Or as pre-treatment At the time of diagnosis in patients with non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction) trial, 4,033 patients were diagnosed with NSTEMI and 68.7% underwent PCI; 1,394 received pre-treatment with prasugrel (30-mg loading dose), and 1,376 received placebo. At the time of PCI, patients who received pre-treatment with prasugrel received an additional 30-mg dose of prasugrel, and those who received placebo received a 60-mg loading dose of prasugrel. Primary efficacy was a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, urgent revascularization, or glycoprotein IIb/IIIa bailout through 7 days from randomization. Investigators captured the presence of thrombus on initial angiography and during PCI. RESULTS: The incidence of the primary endpoint through 7 days from randomization in the pre-treatment group versus the no pre-treatment group was 13.1% versus 13.1% (p = 0.93). Pre-treatment with prasugrel was not associated with decreases in any ischemic event, including total mortality. Patients with thrombus on angiography had a 3-fold higher incidence of the primary endpoint than patients without thrombus. There was no impact of pre-treatment with prasugrel on the presence of thrombus before PCI or on occurrence of stent thrombosis after PCI. There was a 3-fold increase in all non-coronary artery bypass graft Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) major bleeding and a 6-fold increase in non-coronary artery bypass graft life-threatening bleeding with pre-treatment with prasugrel; the same trends persisted in patients who had radial or femoral access even with use of a closure device. CONCLUSIONS: These findings support deferring treatment with prasugrel until a decision is made about revascularization in patients with NSTEMI undergoing angiography within 48 h of admission. (A Comparison of prasugrel at the time of percutaneous Coronary intervention Or as pre-treatment At the time of diagnosis in patients with non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction [ACCOAST]; NCT01015287).
Ticagrelor Versus Prasugrel for the Treatment of Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Following Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Antiplatelet therapy is very important following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). New generation P2Y(12) inhibitors (ticagrelor and prasugrel) might potentially replace clopidogrel for the treatment of post-interventional acute coronary syndrome (ACS). In this analysis, we aimed to systematically compare the post-interventional clinical outcomes and bleeding events observed with ticagrelor versus prasugrel in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). METHODS: EMBASE, MEDLINE, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and www.ClinicalTrials.gov were carefully searched for publications comparing the post-coronary interventional outcomes following ticagrelor versus prasugrel use in patients with T2DM. Adverse clinical outcomes and bleeding events were considered as the endpoints. Statistical analysis was carried out by the Revman software (version 5.3). Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were used to represent the data during subgroup analysis. RESULTS: A total of 2004 participants with T2DM were included in this analysis. Following PCI, mortality (OR 1.00, 95% CI 0.57-1.76; P = 0.99, I(2) = 19%), myocardial infarction (OR 0.86, 95% CI 0.42-1.75; P = 0.67, I(2) = 0%), major adverse cardiac events (OR 0.73, 95% CI 0.42-1.27; P = 0.27, I(2) = 0%), and stroke (OR 0.72, 95% CI 0.20-2.59; P = 0.61, I(2) = 0%) were not significantly different between ticagrelor and prasugrel. In addition, total bleeding events (OR 0.87, 95% CI 0.55-1.40; P = 0.58, I(2) = 6%), Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) defined minor bleeding (OR 2.39, 95% CI 0.58-9.91; P = 0.23, I(2) = 0%), TIMI defined major bleeding (OR 1.42, 95% CI 0.27-7.45; P = 0.68, I(2) = 0%), bleeding defined according to the Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) major bleeding (OR 0.55, 95% CI 0.22-1.36; P = 0.20, I(2) = 0%), BARC minor bleeding (OR 1.44, 95% CI 0.52-3.99; P = 0.48, I(2) = 0%), and total minimal bleeding (OR 3.12, 95% CI 0.55-17.59; P = 0.20, I(2) = 0%) were also not significantly different. CONCLUSION: Ticagrelor and prasugrel were not associated with significantly different adverse clinical outcomes and bleeding events in these patients with T2DM. Therefore, both antiplatelet agents might safely be used in patients with T2DM following coronary intervention. However, this head-to-head comparison still remains a major challenge which should be resolved in larger clinical trials. FAU - Yang, Hua
Ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndromes.$$$ BACKGROUND: Ticagrelor is an oral, reversible, direct-acting inhibitor of the adenosine diphosphate receptor P2Y12 that has a more rapid onset and more pronounced platelet inhibition than clopidogrel. METHODS: In this multicenter, double-blind, randomized trial, we compared ticagrelor (180-mg loading dose, 90 mg twice daily thereafter) and clopidogrel (300-to-600-mg loading dose, 75 mg daily thereafter) for the prevention of cardiovascular events in 18,624 patients admitted to the hospital with an acute coronary syndrome, with or without ST-segment elevation. RESULTS: At 12 months, the primary end point--a composite of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke--had occurred in 9.8% of patients receiving ticagrelor as compared with 11.7% of those receiving clopidogrel (hazard ratio, 0.84; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.77 to 0.92; P<0.001). Predefined hierarchical testing of secondary end points showed significant differences in the rates of other composite end points, as well as myocardial infarction alone (5.8% in the ticagrelor group vs. 6.9% in the clopidogrel group, P=0.005) and death from vascular causes (4.0% vs. 5.1%, P=0.001) but not stroke alone (1.5% vs. 1.3%, P=0.22). The rate of death from any cause was also reduced with ticagrelor (4.5%, vs. 5.9% with clopidogrel; P<0.001). No significant difference in the rates of major bleeding was found between the ticagrelor and clopidogrel groups (11.6% and 11.2%, respectively; P=0.43), but ticagrelor was associated with a higher rate of major bleeding not related to coronary-artery bypass grafting (4.5% vs. 3.8%, P=0.03), including more instances of fatal intracranial bleeding and fewer of fatal bleeding of other types. CONCLUSIONS: In patients who have an acute coronary syndrome with or without ST-segment elevation, treatment with ticagrelor as compared with clopidogrel significantly reduced the rate of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke without an increase in the rate of overall major bleeding but with an increase in the rate of non-procedure-related bleeding. (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00391872.)
Cardiovascular pharmacogenetics of anti-thrombotic agents and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.$$$ The use of antithrombotic agents, particularly antiplatelet drugs like aspirin and clopidogrel, has been instrumental in decreasing the risk for adverse cardiovascular events across a wide range of patients. However, despite the established benefits, the use of these medications remains suboptimal. There is a high degree of inter-individual variation in response to these treatments, whereby patients experience occlusive thromboembolic events, in spite of maintaining an appropriate treatment regimen. This has lead to the notion of antithrombotic "resistance" or "poor responders", which has been a growing concern amongst clinicians and other healthcare providers. Compounding this matter even further, reports of increased cardiovascular risk associated with the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), such as ibuprofen and naproxen, have revealed additional and unforeseen contributors to myocardial infarction and stroke. With all medications, striking a balance between the potential risks and benefits seems more art than science at times. However, given their widespread use and critical cardiovascular implications, further emphasis has been placed on understanding factors influencing antithrombotic and NSAID therapies. A major aim in cardiovascular pharmacogenetics is the discovery of genetic biomarkers that will allow for prospective screening and individualized prediction of drug efficacy and adverse reactions for these medications (both alone and together) within the context of cardiovascular disease. FAU - Stitham, J
A randomized, parallel group, double-blind study of ticagrelor compared with aspirin for prevention of vascular events in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass graft operation: Rationale and design of the Ticagrelor in CABG (TiCAB) trial: An Investigator-Initiated trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: For patients with coronary artery disease undergoing coronary bypass surgery, acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) currently represents the gold standard of antiplatelet treatment. However, adverse cardiovascular event rates in the first year after coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) still exceed 10%. Graft failure, which is predominantly mediated by platelet aggregation, has been identified as a major contributing factor in this context. Therefore, intensified platelet inhibition is likely to be beneficial. Ticagrelor, an oral, reversibly binding and direct-acting P2Y12 receptor antagonist, provides a rapid, competent, and consistent platelet inhibition and has shown beneficial results compared with clopidogrel in the subset of patients undergoing bypass surgery in a large previous trial. HYPOTHESIS: Ticagrelor is superior to ASA for the prevention of major cardiovascular events within 1 year after CABG. STUDY DESIGN: The TiCAB trial (NCT01755520) is a multicenter, phase III, double-blind, double-dummy, randomized trial comparing ticagrelor with ASA for the prevention of major cardiovascular events within 12 months after CABG. Patients undergoing CABG will be randomized in a 1:1 fashion to either ticagrelor 90 mg twice daily or ASA 100 mg once daily. The study medication will be started within 24 hours after surgery and maintained for 12 months. The primary end point is the composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, and repeat revascularization at 12 months after CABG. The sample size is based on an expected event rate of 13% of the primary end point within the first 12 months after randomization in the control group, a 2-sided α level of .0492 (to preserve the overall significance level of .05 after planned interim analysis), a power of 0.80%, 2-sided testing, and an expected relative risk of 0.775 in the active group compared with the control group and a dropout rate of 2%. According to power calculations based on a superiority design for ticagrelor, it is estimated that 3,850 patients should be enrolled. SUMMARY: There is clinical equipoise on the issue of optimal platelet inhibition after CABG. The TiCAB trial will provide a pivotal comparison of the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor compared with ASA after CABG.
Platelet Reactivity in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndromes Awaiting Surgical Revascularization.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dual antiplatelet therapy is recommended for patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). Approximately 10% to 15% of these patients will undergo coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery for index events, and current guidelines recommend stopping clopidogrel at least 5 days before CABG. This waiting time has clinical and economic implications. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to evaluate if a platelet reactivity-based strategy is noninferior to standard of care for 24-h post-CABG bleeding. METHODS: In this randomized, open label noninferiority trial, 190 patients admitted with ACS with indications for CABG and on aspirin and P2Y(12) receptor inhibitors, were assigned to either control group, P2Y(12) receptor inhibitor withdrawn 5 to 7 days before CABG, or intervention group, daily measurements of platelet reactivity by Multiplate analyzer (Roche Diagnostics GmbH, Vienna, Austria) with CABG planned the next working day after platelet reactivity normalization (pre-defined as ≥46 aggregation units). RESULTS: Within the first 24 h of CABG, the median chest tube drainage was 350 ml (interquartile range [IQR]: 250 to 475 ml) and 350 ml (IQR: 255 to 500 ml) in the intervention and control groups, respectively (p for noninferiority <0.001). The median waiting period between the decision to undergo CABG and the procedure was 112 h (IQR: 66 to 142 h) and 136 h (IQR: 112 to 161 h) (p < 0.001), respectively. In the intention-to-treat analysis, a 6.4% decrease in the median in-hospital expenses was observed in the intervention group (p = 0.014), with 11.2% decrease in the analysis per protocol (p = 0.003). CONCLUSIONS: A strategy based on platelet reactivity-guided is noninferior to the standard of care in patients with ACS awaiting CABG regarding peri-operative bleeding, significantly shortens the waiting time to CABG, and decreases hospital expenses. (Evaluation of Platelet Aggregability in the Release of CABG in Patients With ACS With DAPT; NCT02516267).
Drug, devices, technologies, and techniques for blood management in minimally invasive and conventional cardiothoracic surgery: a consensus statement from the International Society for Minimally Invasive Cardiothoracic Surgery (ISMICS) 2011.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The objectives of this consensus conference were to evaluate the evidence for the efficacy and safety of perioperative drugs, technologies, and techniques in reducing allogeneic blood transfusion for adults undergoing cardiac surgery and to develop evidence-based recommendations for comprehensive perioperative blood management in cardiac surgery, with emphasis on minimally invasive cardiac surgery. METHODS: The consensus panel short-listed the potential topics for review from a comprehensive list of potential drugs, devices, technologies, and techniques. The process of short-listing was based on the need to prioritize and focus on the areas of highest importance to surgeons, anesthesiologists, perfusionists, hematologists, and allied health care involved in the management of patients who undergo cardiac surgery whether through the conventional or minimally invasive approach. MEDLINE, Cochrane Library, and Embase databases were searched from their date of inception to May 2011, and supplemental hand searches were also performed. Detailed methodology and search strategies are outlined in each of the subsequently published systematic reviews. In general, all relevant synonyms for drugs (antifibrinolytic, aprotinin, [Latin Small Letter Open E]-aminocaproic acid, tranexamic acid [TA], desmopressin, anticoagulants, heparin, antiplatelets, anti-Xa agents, adenosine diphosphate inhibitors, acetylsalicylic acid [ASA], factor VIIa [FVIIa]), technologies (cell salvage, miniaturized cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) circuits, biocompatible circuits, ultrafiltration), and techniques (transfusion thresholds, minimally invasive cardiac or aortic surgery) were searched and combined with terms for blood, red blood cells, fresh-frozen plasma, platelets, transfusion, and allogeneic exposure. The American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology system was used to label the level of evidence and class of each recommendation. RESULTS AND RECOMMENDATIONS: Database search identified more than 6900 articles, with 4423 full-text randomized controlled trials assessed for eligibility, and the final 125 systematic reviews and meta-analyses were used in the consensus conference. The results of the consensus conference, including the evidence-based statements and the recommendations, are outlined in the text, with references given for the relevant evidence that formed the basis for the statements and recommendations. RECOMMENDATIONS FOR ANTIFIBRINOLYTICS: The lysine analogs ?-aminocaproic acid (Amicar) and tranexamic acid (TA) reduce exposure to allogeneic blood inpatients undergoing on-pump cardiac surgery. These agents are recommended to be used routinely as part of a blood conservation strategy especially in patients at risk of undergoing onpump cardiac surgery (Class I, Level A). It is important not to exceed maximum TA total dosages (50Y100mg/kg) because of potential neurotoxicity in the elderly and open-heart procedures (Class IIb, Level C). Aprotinin is not recommended in adult cardiac surgery until further studies on its safety profile have been performed (Class III, Level A). RECOMMENDATIONS FOR TA IN OFF-PUMP CORONARY ARTERY BYPASS: Tranexamic acid may be recommended as part of a blood conservation strategy in high risk patients undergoing off-pump coronary artery bypass (OPCAB) surgery (Class I, Level A).Tranexamic acid dosing in OPCAB surgery needs further study particularly with regard to possible neurotoxicity such as seizures.In addition, the benefit-risk ratio in OPCAB needs further eludication because of the lower inherent risk for bleeding in this group (Class IIb, Level C). RECOMMENDATIONS FOR DDAVP: DDAVP can be considered for prophylaxis in coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) surgery, in particular, for patients onASA within 7 days or prolonged CPB more than 140 minutes (Class IIa, Level A). Caution should be used with the DDAVP infusion rate to avoid significant systemic hypotension (Class I, Level A). RECOMMENDATIONS FOR TOPICAL HEMOSTATICS: The routine use of topical antifibrinolytics in cardiac surgery isnot recommended (Class IIa, Level A). Topical fibrin sealants may be considered in clinical situations where conventional approaches of surgical and medical improvement of hemostasis are not effective, that is, with bleeding problems more local than generalized, bearing in mind the blackbox warning of bovine thrombin by the US Food and Drug Administration (Class IIb, Level C).Recommendations for FVIIa:Prophylactic use of FVIIa cannot be recommended because of a significant increase in the risk of thromboembolic events and stroke (Class IIa, Level A).Factor VIIa may be considered in clinical situations where conventional approaches of surgical and pharmacologic hemostasis have failed and uncontrollable hemorrhage poses a high risk of severe and life-threatening outcomes (Class IIb, Level B). RECOMMENDATIONS FOR ERYTHROPOIETIN PLUS IRON: It is reasonable to administer erythropoietin preoperatively to increase red blood cell mass in patients who are anemic or refuse blood products (such as for Jehovah’s Witness faith) or who are likely to have postoperative anemia (Class IIa, Level A). RECOMMENDATIONS FOR ANTIPLATELETS BEFORE CARDIAC SURGERY: Acetylsalicylic acid may be continued until surgery (Class IIa,Level B) For stable elective CABG procedures with no drug-elutingstent, stop clopidogrel 5 days before surgery (Class I, Level A).h For stable elective CABG procedures with drug-eluting stents less than 1 year old, consider continuing clopidogrel or heparin as abridge to surgery (Class IIb, Level C).h Direct-acting P2Y12 receptor antagonists may be a better alternative than clopidogrel in acute coronary syndrome patients undergoing CABG surgery (Class IIa, Level B). RECOMMENDATIONS FOR ANTIPLATELETS AFTER CARDIAC SURGERY: In stable CABG surgery (nonYacute coronary syndrome patients), the routine use of postoperative clopidogrel with ASAis not warranted (Class IIb, Level B). RECOMMENDATIONS FOR ACUTE NORMOVOLEMIC HEMODILUTION: Acute normovolemic hemodilution can be considered in selected patients with adequate preoperative hemoglobin to reduce post-CPB bleeding (Class IIa, Level A).The routine use of acute normovolemic hemodilution is not recommended (Class IIb, Level B). RECOMMENDATIONS FOR RETROGRADE AUTOLOGOUS PRIMING: Retrograde autologous priming is recommended as a blood conservation modality to reduce allogeneic blood transfusion for onpump cardiac surgery (Class I, Level A). RECOMMENDATIONS FOR CELL SALVAGE: Routine use of cell salvage is recommended in operations where an increased blood loss is expected (Class 1, Level A). Cell salvage should be used throughout the entire operation and not merely as a replacement for CPB cardiotomy suction (Class IIa, Level A). RECOMMENDATIONS: BIOCOMPATIBLE CPB CIRCUITS: The routine use of biocompatible coated CPB circuitry may be considered as part of a multimodal blood conservation program. However, the heterogeneity of surface-modified products, anticoagulation management, and CPB technique does not significantly impact surgical blood loss and transfusion needs (Class IIb,Level A). RECOMMENDATIONS FOR MINIATURIZED EXTRACORPOREAL CARDIOPULMONARY CIRCUIT VERSUS CONVENTIONAL EXTRACORPOREAL CARDIOPULMONARY CIRCUIT: Miniaturized extracorporeal cardiopulmonary circuit can be considered as a blood conservation technique to reduce allogeneic blood exposure (Class IIa, Level A); however, issues related to heparinization management and biocompatible coatings remain to be clarified. RECOMMENDATIONS FOR ULTRAFILTRATION (CONTINUOUS OR MODIFIED):h Ultrafiltration may be considered for blood conservation (Class IIb, Level A); however, the impact on clinically relevant outcomes remains unknown. RECOMMENDATIONS FOR PLATELET PLASMAPHERESIS:It is reasonable to recommend platelet plasmapheresis for blood management in cardiac surgery (Class IIa, Level A), although the impact on clinically relevant outcomes remains unknown. RECOMMENDATIONS FOR POINT-OF-CARE MONITORING:The evidence is too premature to recommend point-of-caretechnology for routine use because its use has not been shown to impact clinical outcome (Class IIb, Level A). RECOMMENDATIONS FOR SURGICAL TECHNIQUES FOR OPCAB, MINIMALLY INVASIVE STERNOTOMY FOR AORTIC VALVE SURGERY, MINIMALLY INVASIVE STERNOTOMY FOR MITRAL VALVE SURGERY, AND TRANSCATHETHER AORTIC VALVE IMPLANTATION: Although these minimally invasive procedures are not primarily selected for the purpose of blood management, the reduced allogeneic blood exposure should be considered in the balance of benefits and risks when selecting the appropriate surgery for patients. FAU - Menkis, Alan H
Low platelet count at admission has an adverse impact on outcome in patients with acute coronary syndromes: from the START Antiplatelet registry.$$$ Some previous observations suggest that a low platelet count is associated with an increased risk of adverse outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). However, most of the data come from post-hoc analyses of randomized controlled trials and from studies including thrombocytopenia developed during hospital stay. Our aim was to assess the impact of low platelet count at admission on cardiovascular outcomes and treatment approach in patients hospitalized for ACS in a current real-life setting in Italy. Patients admitted to Italian coronary care units for ACS were enrolled in the START-ANTIPLATELET registry. Baseline clinical characteristics and treatment at discharge were recorded. Patients were followed-up at 6 months, 1 year and yearly thereafter. Low platelet count was defined as a count at admission < 150 > 100 k/µl or < 100 k/µL. Among 1894 enrolled patients, 157 (8.3%) had a platelet count < 150 > 100 k/µl and 30 (1.6%) < 100 k/µl. The median follow-up was 12.3 months (0.4-50.1). patients with low platelets were older (72 ± 10.4 vs 66 ± 12.4 years, p = 0.006), more frequently males (82.9 vs 72.1%, p = 0.001), hypertensive (90.0% vs 70.4%, p = 0.03), with non-valvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF) (17.1 vs 8.6%, p = 0.02), and peripheral arterial disease (11.5 vs 6.2% p = 0.01) and/or had a previous myocardial infarction (40 vs 18.7%, p = 0.008) and/or a PCI (14.6 vs 7.8%, p = 0.001) than patients with normal platelets. A slightly, but significantly, lower percentage of thrombocytopenic patients were treated with primary PCI (78.1 vs 84.4%, p = 0.04) and they were more frequently discharged on aspirin plus clopidogrel rather than aspirin plus newer P2Y(12) antagonists (51.9 vs 65.4%, p = 0.01). MACE-free survival was significantly shorter in thrombocytopenic patients compared to patients with normal platelets (< 150 > 100 k/µl: 37.6 vs 41.8 months, p = 0.002; HR = 2.7, 95% CIs 1.4-5.2; < 100 k/µl: 31.7 vs 41.8 months, p = 0.01; HR = 6.5, 95% CIs 1.5-29.1). At multivariate analysis, low platelet count, age at enrollment, low glomerular filtration rate, low ejection fraction, a previous ischemic stroke and NVAF were independent predictors of MACE. A low platelet count at admission identifies a subgroup of ACS patients with a significantly increased risk of MACE and these patients should be managed with special care to prevent excess adverse outcomes.
Radial versus femoral access and bivalirudin versus unfractionated heparin in invasively managed patients with acute coronary syndrome (MATRIX): final 1-year results of a multicentre, randomised controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: The Minimizing Adverse Haemorrhagic Events by Transradial Access Site and Systemic Implementation of Angiox (MATRIX) programme was designed to assess the comparative safety and effectiveness of radial versus femoral access and of bivalirudin versus unfractionated heparin with optional glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors in patients with the whole spectrum of acute coronary syndrome undergoing invasive management. Here we describe the prespecified final 1-year outcomes of the entire programme. METHODS: MATRIX was a programme of three nested, randomised, multicentre, open-label, superiority trials in patients with acute coronary syndrome in 78 hospitals in Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, and Sweden. Patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction were simultaneously randomly assigned (1:1) before coronary angiography to radial or femoral access and to bivalirudin, with or without post-percutaneous coronary intervention infusion or unfractionated heparin (one-step inclusion). Patients with non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome were randomly assigned (1:1) before coronary angiography to radial or femoral access and, only if deemed eligible to percutaneous coronary intervention after angiography (two-step inclusion), entered the antithrombin type and treatment duration programmes. Randomisation sequences were computer generated, blocked, and stratified by intended new or current use of P2Y12 inhibitor (clopidogrel vs ticagrelor or prasugrel), and acute coronary syndrome type (ST-elevation myocardial infarction, troponin-positive, or troponin-negative non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome). Bivalirudin was given as a bolus of 0·75 mg/kg, followed immediately by an infusion of 1·75 mg/kg per h until completion of percutaneous coronary intervention. Heparin was given at 70-100 units per kg in patients not receiving glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors, and at 50-70 units per kg in patients receiving glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors. Clinical follow-up was done at 30 days and 1 year. Co-primary outcomes for MATRIX access and MATRIX antithrombin type were major adverse cardiovascular events, defined as the composite of all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction, or stroke up to 30 days; and net adverse clinical events, defined as the composite of non-coronary artery bypass graft-related major bleeding, or major adverse cardiovascular events up to 30 days. The primary outcome for MATRIX treatment duration was the composite of urgent target vessel revascularisation, definite stent thrombosis, or net adverse clinical events up to 30 days. Analyses were done according to the intention-to-treat principle. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01433627. FINDINGS: Between Oct 11, 2011, and Nov 7, 2014, we randomly assigned 8404 patients to receive radial (4197 patients) or femoral (4207 patients) access. Of these 8404 patients, 7213 were included in the MATRIX antithrombin type study and were randomly assigned to bivalirudin (3610 patients) or heparin (3603 patients). Patients assigned to bivalirudin were included in the MATRIX treatment duration study, and were randomly assigned to post-procedure infusion (1799 patients) or no post-procedure infusion (1811 patients). At 1 year, major adverse cardiovascular events did not differ between patients assigned to radial access compared with those assigned to femoral access (14·2% vs 15·7%; rate ratio 0·89, 95% CI 0·80-1·00; p=0·0526), but net adverse clinical events were fewer with radial than with femoral access (15·2% vs 17·2%; 0·87, 0·78-0·97; p=0·0128). Compared with heparin, bivalirudin was not associated with fewer major adverse cardiovascular (15·8% vs 16·8%; 0·94, 0·83-1·05; p=0·28) or net adverse clinical events (17·0% vs 18·4%; 0·91, 0·81-1·02; p=0·10). The composite of urgent target vessel revascularisation, stent thrombosis, or net adverse clinical events did not differ with or without post-procedure bivalirudin infusion (17·4% vs 17·4%; 0·99, 0·84-1·16; p=0·90). INTERPRETATION: In patients with acute coronary syndrome, radial access was associated with lower rates of net adverse clinical events compared with femoral access, but not major adverse cardiovascular events at 1 year. Bivalirudin with or without post-procedure infusion was not associated with lower rates of major adverse cardiovascular events or net adverse clinical events. Radial access should become the default approach in acute coronary syndrome patients undergoing invasive management. FUNDING: Italian Society of Invasive Cardiology, The Medicines Company, Terumo, amd Canada Research Chairs Programme.
Reappraisal of thienopyridine pretreatment in patients with non-ST elevation acute coronary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of pretreatment with P2Y12 receptor inhibitors compared with no pretreatment on efficacy and safety of treatment of non-ST elevation acute coronary syndrome (ACS). DATA SOURCES: Two reviewers independently searched Medline, Embase, Cochrane Controlled Trials, and BioMed Central databases for randomized placebo controlled trials and observational studies from August 2001 to March 2014. STUDY ELIGIBILITY: Studies must have reported both all-cause mortality (primary efficacy endpoint) and major bleeding (safety endpoint) outcomes. DATA EXTRACTION: Data on sample size, characteristics, drug dose and delay of administration, and outcomes were independently extracted and analyzed. DATA SYNTHESIS: A random-effect model was applied. The analysis was performed (i) in all patients independently of the management strategy and (ii) only in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. RESULTS: Of the 393 titles identified, seven (four randomized controlled trials, one observational analysis from a randomized controlled trial, and three observational studies) met the inclusion criteria. No study was identified for ticagrelor or cangrelor, and analyses were thus limited to thienopyridines. A total of 32,383 non-ST elevation ACS patients were included, 18,711 coming from randomized controlled trials. Of these, 55% underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Pretreatment was not associated with a significant lower risk of mortality in all patients (odds ratio 0.90 (95% confidence interval 0.75 to 1.07), P=0.24), in particular when considering only the randomized controlled trials (odds ratio 0.90 (0.71 to 1.14), P=0.39). Similar results were observed in the cohort of patients undergoing PCI. A significant 30-45% excess of major bleeding was consistently observed in all patients (odds ratio 1.32 (1.16 to 1.49), P<0.0001) and in those undergoing PCI, as well as in the subset analyses of randomized controlled trials of these two cohorts of patients. There was a reduction in major adverse cardiovascular events in the analysis of all patients (odds ratio 0.84 (0.72 to 0.98), P=0.02), driven by the old clopidogrel studies (CURE and CREDO), but the difference was not significant for the cohort of patients undergoing PCI. Stent thrombosis, stroke, and urgent revascularization did not differ between groups (pretreatment v no pretreatment). The results were consistent for both thienopyridines and confirmed in sensitivity analyses. LIMITATIONS: Analysis was not performed on individual patient's data. CONCLUSION: In patients presenting with non-ST elevation ACS, pretreatment with thienopyridines is associated with no significant reduction of mortality but with a significant excess of major bleeding no matter the strategy adopted, invasive or not. Our results do not support a strategy of routine pretreatment in patients with non-ST elevation ACS.
Cangrelor versus crushed ticagrelor in patients with acute myocardial infarction and cardiogenic shock: rationale and design of the randomised, double-blind DAPT-SHOCK-AMI trial.$$$ Cardiogenic shock (CS) is a devastating and fatal complication of acute myocardial infarction (AMI). CS can affect the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of medications. The unique properties of cangrelor make it the optimal P2Y12 inhibitor for CS-AMI, in terms of both efficacy and safety. The DAPT-SHOCK-AMI trial (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT03551964; EudraCT: 2018-002161-19) will assess the benefits of cangrelor in patients with an initial CS-AMI undergoing primary angioplasty. This randomised, multicentre, placebo-controlled trial of approximately 550 patients (with an allowed 10% increase) in 5 countries using a double-blind design will compare initial P2Y12 inhibitor treatment strategies in patients with CS-AMI of (A) intravenous cangrelor and (B) ticagrelor administered as crushed tablets at a loading dose of 180 mg. The primary clinical endpoint is a composite of all-cause death, myocardial infarction (MI), or stroke within 30 days. The main secondary endpoints are (1) the net clinical endpoint, defined as death, MI, urgent revascularisation of the infarct-related artery, stroke, or major bleeding as defined by the Bleeding Academic Research Consortium criteria; (2) cardiovascular-related death, MI, urgent revascularisation, or heart failure; (3) heart failure; and (4) cardiovascular-related death, all (1-4) within 1 year after study enrolment. A platelet reactivity study that tests the laboratory antiplatelet benefits of cangrelor, when given in addition to standard antiplatelet therapy, will be conducted using vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein phosphorylation. The primary laboratory endpoints are the periprocedural rate of onset and the proportion of patients who achieve effective P2Y12 inhibition. The DAPT-SHOCK-AMI study is the first randomised trial to evaluate the benefits of cangrelor in patients with CS-AMI. FAU - Motovska, Zuzana
Prasugrel Versus Ticagrelor in Patients With Acute Myocardial Infarction Treated With Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: Multicenter Randomized PRAGUE-18 Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: No randomized head-to-head comparison of the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor and prasugrel has been published in the 7 years since the higher efficacy of these newer P2Y(12) inhibitors were first demonstrated relative to clopidogrel. METHODS: This academic study was designed to compare the efficacy and safety of prasugrel and ticagrelor in acute myocardial infarction treated with primary or immediate percutaneous coronary intervention. A total of 1230 patients were randomly assigned across 14 sites to either prasugrel or ticagrelor, which was initiated before percutaneous coronary intervention. Nearly 4% were in cardiogenic shock, and 5.2% were on mechanical ventilation. The primary end point was defined as death, reinfarction, urgent target vessel revascularization, stroke, or serious bleeding requiring transfusion or prolonging hospitalization at 7 days (to reflect primarily the in-hospital phase). This analysis presents data from the first 30 days (key secondary end point). The total follow-up will be 1 year for all patients and will be completed in 2017. RESULTS: The study was prematurely terminated for futility. The occurrence of the primary end point did not differ between groups receiving prasugrel and ticagrelor (4.0% and 4.1%, respectively; odds ratio, 0.98; 95% confidence interval, 0.55-1.73; P=0.939). No significant difference was found in any of the components of the primary end point. The occurrence of key secondary end point within 30 days, composed of cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or stroke, did not show any significant difference between prasugrel and ticagrelor (2.7% and 2.5%, respectively; odds ratio, 1.06; 95% confidence interval, 0.53-2.15; P=0.864). CONCLUSIONS: This head-to-head comparison of prasugrel and ticagrelor does not support the hypothesis that one is more effective or safer than the other in preventing ischemic and bleeding events in the acute phase of myocardial infarction treated with a primary percutaneous coronary intervention strategy. The observed rates of major outcomes were similar but with broad confidence intervals around the estimates. These interesting observations need to be confirmed in a larger trial. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: http://www.ClinicalTrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT02808767.
