Prevention of bleeding in patients with atrial fibrillation undergoing PCI$$$ BACKGROUND In patients with atrial fibrillation undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with placement of stents, standard anticoagulation with a vitamin K antagonist plus dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with a P2Y12 inhibitor and aspirin reduces the risk of thrombosis and stroke but increases the risk of bleeding. The effectiveness and safety of anticoagulation with rivaroxaban plus either one or two antiplatelet agents are uncertain. METHODS We randomly assigned 2124 participants with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation who had undergone PCI with stenting to receive, in a 1:1:1 ratio, low-dose rivaroxaban (15 mg once daily) plus a P2Y12 inhibitor for 12 months (group 1), very-low-dose rivaroxaban (2.5 mg twice daily) plus DAPT for 1, 6, or 12 months (group 2), or standard therapy with a doseadjusted vitamin K antagonist (once daily) plus DAPT for 1, 6, or 12 months (group 3).The primary safety outcome was clinically significant bleeding (a composite of major bleeding or minor bleeding according to Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction [TIMI] criteria or bleeding requiring medical attention). RESULTS The rates of clinically significant bleeding were lower in the two groups receiving rivaroxaban than in the group receiving standard therapy (16.8% in group 1, 18.0% in group 2, and 26.7% in group 3; hazard ratio for group 1 vs. group 3, 0.59; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.47 to 0.76; P<0.001; hazard ratio for group 2 vs. group 3, 0.63; 95% CI, 0.50 to 0.80; P<0.001). The rates of death from cardiovascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke were similar in the three groups (Kaplan-Meier estimates, 6.5% in group 1, 5.6% in group 2, and 6.0% in group 3; P values for all comparisons were nonsignificant). CONCLUSIONS In participants with atrial fibrillation undergoing PCI with placement of stents, the administration of either low-dose rivaroxaban plus a P2Y12 inhibitor for 12 months or very-lowdose rivaroxaban plus DAPT for 1, 6, or 12 months was associated with a lower rate of clinically significant bleeding than was standard therapy with a vitamin K antagonist plus DAPT for 1, 6, or 12 months. The three groups had similar efficacy rates, although the observed broad confidence intervals diminish the surety of any conclusions regarding efficacy. (Funded by Janssen Scientific Affairs and Bayer Pharmaceuticals; PIONEER AF-PCI ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT01830543.) ER  - 
Prosthetic Heart Valve Thrombosis$$$ Although surgery was the mainstay of treatment for valvular heart disease, transcatheter valve therapies have grown exponentially over the past decade. Two types of artificial heart valve exist: mechanical heart valves (MHV), which are implanted surgically, and bioprosthetic heart valves (BHV), which can be implanted via a surgical or transcatheter approach. Whereas long-term anticoagulation is required to prevent thromboembolism after MHV replacement, its value in patients receiving BHVs is uncertain. Patients undergoing transcatheter BHV replacement are at risk for thromboembolism in the first few months, and recent data suggest that the risk continues thereafter. BHV thrombosis provides a substrate for subsequent thromboembolism and may identify a reversible cause of prosthesis dysfunction. Hereafter, the authors: 1) review the data on prosthetic valve thrombosis; 2) discuss the pathophysiological mechanisms that may lead to valve thrombus formation; and 3) provide perspective on the implications of these findings in the era of transcatheter valve replacement. ER  - 
Results of genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy in patients who undergone percutaneous coronary intervention with stent$$$ Background Clopidogrel has provided beneficial effects in acute coronary syndrome and percutaneous coronary intervention. Different polymorphisms have been associated with differences in clopidogrel response. The aim of this study was to check if CYP2C19/ABCB1-genotype-guided strategy reduces the rates of cardiovascular events and bleeding. Methods This experimental study included patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with stent. The prospective genotype-guided strategy (intervention group) was compared against a retrospective non-tailored strategy (control group). Primary efficacy endpoint was the composite of cardiovascular death, acute coronary syndrome or stroke during 12 months after intervention. Secondary endpoint was to compare the efficacy of the different antiplatelet therapies used in genotyping conditions. Results The study included 719 patients undergone stent, more than 86% with acute coronary syndrome. The primary endpoint occurred in 32 patients (10.1%) in the genotyping group and in 59 patients (14.1%) in the control group (HR 0.63, 95% CI (0.41–0.97), p = 0.037). There was no difference in The Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction major and minor bleeding criteria between the two groups (4.1% vs. 4.7%, HR = 0.80, 95% CI (0.39–1.63), p = 0.55). In intervention group, there was no difference in the rate of events in patients treated with clopidogrel versus patients treated with other antiplatelet treatments (9.1% vs 11.5% p = 0.44), or bleeding (3.7% vs 4.6%, p = 0.69). Conclusions The genotype-guided strategy could reduce the rates of composite of cardiovascular events and bleeding during 12 months after percutaneous coronary intervention compared to a non-genotype-guide strategy. ER  - 
Genetic polymorphism of CYP2C19 and inhibitory effects of ticagrelor and clopidogrel towards post-percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) platelet aggregation in patients with acute coronary syndromes$$$ Background: The aim of this study was to observe the effects of genetic polymorphism of CYP2C19 on inhibitory effects of ticagrelor (Tic) and clopidogrel (Clo) towards post-percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) platelet aggregation (IPA) and major cardiovascular events (MACE) in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). Material/Methods: From August 2013 to March 2014, 166 patients with ACS undergoing PCI were selected. The patients were randomly grouped into the Tic group and the Clo group. IPA was detected by thromboelastography (TEG) at 1 week after taking the pills. Genotyping of CYP2C19 gene was determined by analysis of gene sequence detection. Patients were followed up for 1 month and MACE was observed. Results: The total IPA in the Clo group was significantly increased compared with the Tic group (P<0.05). The IPAs in the 3 subgroups of Clo group were all significantly increased compared with the 3 subgroups of the Tic group (all P<0.05). MACE was not significantly different between Clo and Tic groups (P>0.05). MACE had no significant difference among the 3 subgroups of the Tic group (P>0.05). MACE in the low metabolism subgroup of the Clo group was significantly increased compared with the fast metabolism subgroup and middle metabolism subgroup of Clo group (P<0.05). MACE was not significant different between the fast metabolism subgroup and the middle metabolism subgroup of the Clo group (P>0.05). MACE in the low metabolism subgroup of the Tic group was significantly decreased compared with the low metabolism subgroup of the Clo group (P<0.05). Conclusions: Ticagrelor has a better effect on inhibition platelet aggregation than Clopidogrel in ACS patients undergoing PCI. ER  - 
Real-World Use of Novel P2Y12 Inhibitors in Patients with Acute Myocardial Infarction: A Treatment Paradox$$$ Objective: To assess the real-world use, clinical outcomes, and adherence to novel P2Y12 inhibitors. Methods: We evaluated 1,093 consecutive acute myocardial infarction patients undergoing a percutaneous intervention. Patients were derived from a prospective, multicenter, nationwide registry and were followed for 30 days; 381 patients (35%) received clopidogrel, 468 (43%) received prasugrel, and 244 (22%) received ticagrelor. Patients treated with clopidogrel were older and more likely to suffer from chronic renal failure and stroke and/or present with non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) (p < 0.01 for all). Independent predictors of undertreatment with novel P2Y12 inhibitors included: older age (OR 0.17; 95% CI 0.1-0.27, p < 0.0001), a prior stroke (OR 0.41; 95% CI 0.2-0.68, p = 0.008), and NSTEMI (OR 0.37; 95% CI 0.26-0.54, p < 0.0001). Results: Novel P2Y12 inhibitors were associated with a lower incidence of cardiovascular events, major bleeding, and/or death (7.6 vs.11%, HR 0.67; 95% CI 0.43-1, p = 0.05). However, after a multivariate analysis this trend was not statistically significant. Patients discharged with ticagrelor versus thienopyridines demonstrated a higher rate of crossover to other P2Y12 inhibitors (11 vs. 5%, p = 0.03). Conclusions: In a real-world cohort, there was an underutilization of novel P2Y12 inhibitors which was more pronounced in higher-risk subsets that might benefit from novel P2Y12 inhibitors at least as much as other patients. ER  - 
Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of ticagrelor in the treatment of cardiac ischemia$$$ Introduction: After acute coronary syndromes (ACS), the so-called dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT), which usually consists of low-dose of aspirin in combination with a thienopyridine (clopidogrel, prasugrel) or with a cyclopentyltriazolopyrimidine (ticagrelor), reduces the risk of ischemic events. Ticagrelor, un particular, is an effective drug as it isn’ a prodrug, doesn’t require metabolic activation and demonstrates a rapid onset and faster offset of action. Areas covered: This article evaluates the pharmacokinetics, efficacy, safety and tolerability of ticagrelor during DAPT after ACS and its potential use beyond the canonical twelve months after PCI. The review discusses studies comparing: ticagrelor and clopidogrel (DISPERSE, DISPERSE-2, PLATO, RESPOND Trial, ONSET/OFFSET Trials), ticagrelor and placebo (PEGASUS TIMI 54 Trial). Expert opinion: For ACS patients, the PLATO trial showed that ticagrelor was superior to clopidogrel in the reduction of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction and stroke. PEGASUS TIMI 54 showed that patients in whom ischemic events and cardiovascular death outweigh the risk of life-threatening bleeding, may benefit from prolonged ticagrelor-based dual antiplatelet therapy, over 12 months. This strategy has been recently approved by the ACC/AHA guidelines. Further studies are needed to evaluate and eventually validate the role of the prolonged DAPT in patients treated with new generation stents. ER  - 
Concomitant Use of Proton Pump Inhibitors and Clopidogrel Is Not Associated with Adverse Outcomes after Ischemic Stroke in Chinese Population$$$ Background and Purpose Conflicting data exist as to whether proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) diminish the efficacy of clopidogrel. We, therefore, assessed the effect of concomitant PPI use in ischemic stroke (IS) patients receiving clopidogrel. Methods We consecutively enrolled 535 IS patients receiving clopidogrel, 166 of whom were concomitantly taking PPIs. Platelet aggregation was measured before and after 7-10 days of treatment with clopidogrel. Single nucleotide polymorphisms of CYP3A4, CYP3A5, CYP2C19*2, and CYP2C19*3 were examined. The primary outcome was a composite of recurrent ischemic stroke (RIS), myocardial infarction (MI), and vascular death occurring during the 6-month follow-up. The secondary outcome was the modified Rankin Scale score at the end of follow-up. Results The primary outcome occurred in 45 patients and the frequency did not differ in patients with or without PPI treatment. The percentage inhibition of platelet aggregation and the frequency of clopidogrel resistance were similar between patients treated with or without PPIs after clopidogrel treatment. However, for patients carrying a reduced-function CYP2C19*2 (AG/AA genotype) or CYP3A5 (GG/AG genotype), the inhibition of platelet aggregation was significantly lower in patients treated with PPIs. Cox regression analysis showed that diabetes mellitus, clopidogrel resistance, CYP2C19*2 AG/AA genotype, and patients carrying two loss-of-function variant alleles were independent risk factors for the primary outcome, but not the use of PPIs. Conclusions The concomitant use of PPIs and clopidogrel in patients with IS may not be associated with an increased risk of RIS, MI, or vascular death. Further well-designed randomized controlled studies are necessary to confirm our current results. ER  - 
Clopidogrel decreases the risk of aspiration pneumonia in patients with acute ischemic stroke$$$ Learning Objectives: Platelet activation is an important mediator in acute thrombosis as well as systemic inflammation. Therefore, modulating P2Y12 receptor, a well-known platelet activation pathway, may influence inflammation process. Clopidogrel, a prototype P2Y12 receptor antagonist, is reported to decrease neutrophil infiltration and decrease inflammation. The aim of this study is to evaluate whether clopidogrel use may decrease the risk of aspiration pneumonia, a common infection, in patients with acute ischemic stroke. Methods: A consecutive patients with acute ischemic stroke (within 7 days after onset) were screened between March 2010 and December 2015, and a total of 1,578 patients were included for the analysis. Patients were categorized into two groups (clopidogrel user vs. non-user), and the clinical characteristics and the risk of aspiration pneumonia were compared in two groups. Results: Among the included patients (mean age, 67.6 years; men, 60.7%), 642 (40.7%) were clopidogrel user, and 132 (8.2%) patients had aspiration pneumonia. The proportion of patients with aspiration pneumonia was significantly higher in clopidogrel non-user (9.9%) compared to clopidogrel user (6.1%), (P=0.006). Moreover, clopidogrel users had lower proportion of ICU care (12.8 % vs. 38.7 %, P=0.03) and had less chances of having sepsis [defined as quick SOFA (sepsis related organ failure) score of 2 and more) (15.4% vs. 32.4%, P=0.047) compared with clopidogrel non-users. The patients with aspiration pneumonia were more likely to have atrial fibrillation, diabetes mellitus, and higher initial NIHSS. On multivariate analysis with an application of inverse probability of treatment weighting based on a propensity score of clopidogrel use, clopidogrel users had lower risk of aspiration pneumonia [Odds ratio (95% confidence interval); 0.747(0.573-0.974), P=0.007]. Conclusions: This study suggested that clopidogrel users had lower risk of aspiration pneumonia and less severe infection following acute ischemic stroke. This suggests that clopidogrel may decrease the chances of infection, especially aspiration pneumonia, after stroke. ER  - 
Anticoagulation for stroke prevention in elderly patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation: What are the obstacles?$$$ The elderly with atrial fibrillation are more prone to stroke. Oral anticoagulants such as warfarin are effective in the prevention of atrial fibrillation-associated stroke and systemic embolism. The CHADS2 or CHA2DS2-VASc score and HAS-BLED score were developed to stratify stroke risk associated with atrial fibrillation and bleeding risk in a patient with atrial fibrillation, respectively, to facilitate the decision for and safe use of oral anticoagulant. Nonetheless, the decision for anticoagulation is not straightforward and the elderly with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation are often precluded from anticoagulant prescription. Advanced age and disadvantages associated with the elderly such as fall, comorbidities, cognitive impairment, and polypharmacy contribute to the over-concern of physicians about bleeding risk. Various treatment options such as low-intensity warfarin and aspirin plus clopidogrel have been suggested but are inferior to dose-adjusted warfarin. Novel oral anticoagulants with promising efficacy and convenience hold great appeal. Optimal management of underlying medical conditions and modifiable stroke risk factors, together with intervention to improve the safe use of oral anticoagulants, are useful. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of prasugrel compared with clopidogrel for patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy comprising aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor (clopidogrel, prasugrel, or ticagrelor) is essential to prevent thrombotic complications after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). The comparative efficacy between clopidogrel at a higher loading dose (600 mg) and prasugrel is uncertain. The aim of this study was to compare efficacy and safety of clopidogrel (higher loading dose) with prasugrel (loading dose of 60 mg) along with their respective maintenance doses in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing PCI at 1 year. This is a retrospective, observational, pilot study. Patients with ACS who underwent PCI and received clopidogrel 600 mg or prasugrel 60 mg loading dose followed by maintenance doses of 75 mg and 10 mg, respectively, daily between July 1, 2009 and June 30, 2011 were enrolled. For patients who have died during the study period, investigators attempted to identify the cause of deaths through medical records or death certificates. Two hundred twentyone patients were enrolled in the study. Primary efficacy end point, composite of death from cardiovascular causes, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or nonfatal stroke occurring through 1 year were not significantly different between the 2 treatment groups. Bleeding events were also not significant between the clopidogrel (N 5 136) and prasugrel (N 5 85) groups: 9.6% versus 8.2%, P 5 0.85. Prasugrel is at least as effective and safe as clopidogrel in patients with ACS undergoing early invasive management. ER  - 
Prasugrel versus clopidogrel in acute coronary syndromes treated with PCI: Effects on clinical outcome according to culprit artery location$$$ Background Acute coronary syndrome (ACS) mortality increases when the culprit lesion is in the left anterior descending (LAD) artery. We investigated the effects of prasugrel versus clopidogrel according to site of culprit lesion causing ACS treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in the TRITON–TIMI 38 study. Methods Patients were divided into three groups based on the native coronary artery culprit lesion location. The LAD artery group included also patients with the culprit lesion in the left main (LM) artery. Results In the whole ACS population, prasugrel recipients had lower rates of the primary endpoint that included cardiovascular (CV) death, non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI) or non-fatal stroke without significant differences across vessel groups. CV death was significantly decreased with prasugrel in the whole ACS population (p = 0.03) and in ST-elevation MI (STEMI) patients undergoing primary PCI (p = 0.04), with pronounced differences in favour of prasugrel versus clopidogrel when the LAD-LM was the culprit vessel (relative risk reduction 50% in the whole ACS population, 57% in STEMI treated with primary PCI, p for interaction 0.07 and 0.08 respectively). Conclusions Prasugrel effects were particularly favourable when LAD-LM was the culprit vessel, resulting in CV mortality reduction in the whole ACS population and in STEMI patients when treated with primary PCI. ER  - 
Cost-effectiveness of CYP2C19∗2 genotype guided selection of clopidogrel or ticagrelor in Hong Kong Chinese patients with acute coronary syndrome$$$ Objectives: To evaluate the cost-effectiveness, from the Hong Kong healthcare perspective, of CYP2C19 genotype-guided selection of antiplatelet therapy compared with universal use of clopidogrel or ticagrelor (irrespective of genotype) for acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods: A two-part model consisting of a 1-year decision tree and a lifetime Markov model was developed to compare: (i) generic clopidogrel or ticagrelor based on CYP2C19∗2 genotype (52% carriers locally), (ii) universal clopidogrel and (iii) universal ticagrelor. Risks of non-fatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, stent thrombosis, major bleeding and death were estimated from the Asian sub-study of PLATO. The Markov model was built to simulate the progress of a typical cohort of 60-year-old Chinese patients with ACS undergoing PCI. Follow-up was until age 85 years. Costs were estimated from a prospective PCI registry in a Hong Kong tertiary referral hospital, and expressed in 2016 Hong Kong dollars (HKD). All costs and quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs) were discounted at an annual rate of 3%. Incremental cost-effectiveness ratios (ICERs) of < HKD 268,333 (1 time GDP of Hong Kong) were considered cost-effective. Results: Universal ticagrelor use was cost-effective compared with universal clopidogrel (ICER= HKD 64,039/ QALY). With CYP2C19 genetic testing at a minimum cost of HKD117 (USD15), genotype- guided antiplatelet therapy was dominant compared to universal ticagrelor. Sensitivity analysis showed that under the ceiling price of HKD17,711 (USD2270), genotype-guided therapy remained a cost-effective strategy compared with universal clopidogrel or ticagrelor. Conclusions: CYP2C19∗2 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy selection was considered a cost-effective strategy compared to either unselected generic clopidogrel or ticagrelor in ACS patients after PCI in Hong Kong. ER  - 
Cost-effectiveness analysis of long-term versus short-term dual antiplatelet therapy in patients with drug-eluting stents$$$ Objectives: Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT), aspirin with one P2Y12 receptor inhibitor, is routinely prescribed after coronary stenting. Extended duration of DAPT might reduce the rates of late stent thrombosis for patients with drug eluting stents (DES), but increase the risk of bleeding. This study aims to evaluate the clinical and economic outcomes of DAPT beyond 1 year in DES patients. Methods: A lifelong Markov model was developed to compare long-term with short-term DAPT (clopidogrel plus aspirin). Patients who entered the model were survivors after receiving 12-month DAPT without any ischemic or bleeding events. Patients in the long-term DAPT arm would continue to receive DAPT (clopidogrel plus aspirin), while patients in the short-term group would receive aspirin for 18 months. Model inputs were derived from published literature. Direct medical costs, quality- adjusted life-years (QALYs) gained, and incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) were primary outcomes simulated in the model from the perspective of US healthcare provider. Results: Base-case results showed short-term DAPT was more costly (USD74,389) with more QALYs gained (8.1086 QALYs) compared to long-term DAPT. Short-term DAPT was a cost-effective strategy with ICER (28,675 USD/QALY) less than the willingness-to-pay threshold (50,000 USD/QALY). One-way sensitivity analysis found the base-case results were subject to hazard ratios of nonfatal stroke, major bleeding, cardiovascular death, and non-cardiovascular death of long-term versus short-term DAPT. In probabilistic sensitivity analysis, short-term DAPT was USD789 (95% CI: USD770-USD808) more costly and gained 0.06 (95% CI: 0.059-0.061) more QALYs compared to long-term DAPT. The 10,000 Monte Carlo simulations revealed short-term DAPT and long-term DAPT could be the preferred strategy in 89.73% and 10.27% of the time, respectively. Conclusions: Short-term DAPT seems to be a cost-effective strategy compared to long-term DAPT in DES patients who were event free after initial 12-month DAPT. ER  - 
Validation of model-simulated clinical outcomes of antiplatelet therapies in patients with acute coronary syndrome$$$ Objectives: Clopidogrel, prasugrel, and ticagrelor are widely prescribed oral P2Y12 receptor inhibitors of antiplatelet therapy. The metabolism of clopidogrel is influenced by CYP2C19 genotype. Platelet reactivity is a phenotypic indicator for ischemic events in patients receiving P2Y12 inhibitors. This study aims to develop and validate a model using patients' genotype and phenotype for projection of clinical outcomes of antiplatelet therapies in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Methods: A mathematical model was designed to simulate 12-month clinical event rates of two antiplatelet strategies including universal clopidogrel and universal alternative P2Y12 inhibitor (prasugrel or ticagrelor). In the model, patients were firstly differentiated by carriers/non-carriers of CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele and further by normal/low antiplatelet response. Model inputs were derived from published literature. The model validation was performed by comparing model results with published clinical data pooled from TRITON-TIMI 38 (Therapeutic Outcomes by Optimizing Platelet Inhibition with Prasugrel-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction) and PLATO (Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes) trials. Results: The simulated event rates of nonfatal myocardial infarction (7.39%), nonfatal stroke (0.87%), stent thrombosis (2.39%), cardiovascular death (3.71%), and major bleeding (4.52%) in universal clopidogrel arm were similar to the pooled data of clopidogrel in clinical trials (6.77%, 0.86%, 2.26%, 3.49%, and 4.57%, respectively). Similarly, the simulated event rates of nonfatal myocardial infarction (5.65%), nonfatal stroke (0.93%), stent thrombosis (1.37%), cardiovascular death (3.05%), and major bleeding (4.38%) in universal alternative P2Y12 inhibitor arm were consistent with data pooled from prasugrel and ticagrelor groups in the two clinical trials (5.48%, 0.90%, 1.43%, 2.85%, and 4.84%, respectively). The differences of clinical outcomes between model-based and clinical trials were within ±10%. Conclusions: The clinical outcomes of antiplatelet therapy simulated by a genotype-phenotype guided model were consistent to the pooled results from clinical trials in ACS patients. ER  - 
Clopidogrel high on-treatment platelet reactivity in patients with carotid artery stenosis undergoing endarterectomy. A pilot study$$$ Objectives: A considerable number of patients do not achieve an adequate response to clopidogrel. Our study aimed to evaluate genetic and non-genetic factors as possible risks for clopidogrel high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) in patients (n=112) with carotid artery stenosis undergoing endarterectomy (CEA). Methods: Using multiple-electrode impedance aggregometry (MEA) the antiplatelet effectiveness of clopidogrel was measured after 24 h, 7 and 30 days of clopidogrel treatment, which was introduced after elective CEA at a dose of 75 mg daily, for at least 30 days. Results: HTPR was observed among 25% patients after clopidogrel therapy for 30 days. Further analysis showed that 53.3% of patients carrying the CYP2C19*2 gene variant had clopidogrel-HTPR, while in the wild type group there were 14.6% (p<0.001). Multivariate logistic regression analysis identified the CYP2C19*2 variant allele (OR 4.384; 95% CI 1.296-14.833, p=0.017) and high total cholesterol level (OR 2.090; 95% CI 1.263-3.459, p=0.004) as the only independent risk factors for clopidogrel-HTPR. Conclusion: The CYP2C19*2 gene variant and high total cholesterol level were major factors for clopidogrel-HTPR in patients with carotid artery stenosis undergoing CEA. ER  - 
Interaction between choice of anticoagulation, antiplatelet therapy and access site on mortality and bleeding after percutaneous coronary intervention: Insights from the California NCDR registry$$$ BACKGROUND The aim of this study was to evaluate the optimal combination of anticoagulation strategy, access site and short term safety and efficacy outcomes in a contemporary population undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS We evaluated 248100 patients receiving PCI at 258 sites utilizing the ACC NCDR® CathPCI Registry® between 2009 to 2014. Patient presentation, PCI access site, PCI medication, bleeding, transfusion, cerebrovascular accident, rates of coronary artery bypass grafting and death were collected and analyzed using SAS. Patients were divided into high risk status (HRS) (cardiogenic shock, needed an IABP or emergent salvage PCI) or low risk status (LRS). Composite cardiovascular events (CCE) included a composite of death, need for transfusion and bleeding events) were recorded. RESULTS A total of 248113 PCI procedures were performed, most used a transfemoral approach (TFA) (91%), heparin was used in the majority (51%), GPI was used in a small number (13%) and the P2Y12 agent of choice was clopidogrel (90%). In the HRS and LRS subset, mortality, bleeding and CCE rates were significantly lower with transradial approach (TRA) vs. TFA irrespective of GPI use. Additionally, recurrent myocardial infarction and CVA rates were the same in the TFA vs. TRA groups irrespective of GPI. In the HRS and LRS subsets, TRA with bivalirudin use was associated with significantly lower mortality, bleeding and CCE events rates irrespective of GPI or P2Y12 use. Additionally, recurrent myocardial infarction and CVA rates were the no different with the use of bivalirudin vs. heparin in the HRS or LRS irrespective of GPI use. CONCLUSION In contemporary PCI, TRA with the use of bivalirudin with P2Y12 and irrespective of GPI use was associated with the optimal balance of safety and efficacy in both HRS and LRS subsets. ER  - 
Medical therapy and clinical outcomes with spontaneous coronary artery dissection$$$ BACKGROUND Conservative management is currently the preferred therapy for patients with spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD). However, the optimal medical regime remains controversial. Our objective is to evaluate the use of cardiac medications in contemporary clinical management of SCAD, and their potential association with clinical outcomes. METHODS We reviewed non-atherosclerotic SCAD patients who were prospectively followed at the Vancouver General Hospital SCAD clinic, and enrolled in our SCAD registries. Baseline characteristics, medications on admission, discharge, and follow-up were examined. Major adverse cardiac events (MACE) at follow-up were recorded and included repeat MI, death, stroke/TIA. RESULTS We prospectively followed 286 consecutive SCAD patients. Mean age was 52.5±9.4 years, and most were women (90.2%). All presented with myocardial infarction (MI). After an acute event, patients were discharged on aspirin (93.7%), P2Y12 inhibitor (64.5%, predominantly clopidogrel), beta-blocker (BB) (82.8%), angiotensinconverting- enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin-II-receptor blocker (RAAS) (53.5%), calcium channel blocker (CCB) (15.7%), and statin (52.9%). There were 195 patients followed for at least 1 year. At 1 year, the majority remained on aspirin (92.8%) and BB (75.4%), but there were lower usage of RAAS (47.7%), statin (40.0%), P2Y12 inhibitor (26.7%), and CCB (19%). The overall median follow-up was 3.1 (IQR 2.0-5.7yr) and MACE was 20.5%. The use of CCB at last follow-up was associated with higher incidence of repeat MI (29.7% vs. 15.2%, p=0.038), and the use of BB at last follow-up was associated with a trend to lower incidence of repeat MI (15.0% vs. 27.1%, p=0.058). CONCLUSION Our observational data showed that aspirin and BB were commonly used for SCAD management. Patients on CCB appeared to have higher repeat MI at long-term follow-up. Whereas, BB was associated with a trend in reduction of repeat MI. Future studies are warranted to assess the relationship between medications and outcomes in SCAD patients. ER  - 
SNP-treatment interactions of cardiovascular medications and risk of acute coronary syndrome recurrence$$$ To identify loci associated with response to cardiovascular drugs in cases of Acute Coronary Syndrome (ACS), we have undertaken a GWAS in 1470 patients recruited to a UK phar-macogenetic study. Patients were treated with a range of drugs including clopidogrel, statins and beta-blockers. Nevertheless, ∼14% of patients had another cardiovascular event in five years of follow-up after hospital discharge, including Myocar-dial Infarction (MI), stroke or cardiovascular death. We began by identifying clinical risk factors for response to cardiovascular drugs (time to recurrence of ACS) in a Cox proportional hazards regression model: age (p=1.3x10∼14), BMI (p=0.015), prior MI (p=2.1x10∼8), ACE inhibitor use pre-admission (p=0.0049), and aldosterone antagonist use (p=0.0058). Patients were genotyped using the lllumina OmniExpress array, and after quality control, the genotype scaffold was imputed up to the 1000 Genomes Phase I reference panel (all ancestries, March 2012 release). We tested for SNP-treatment interactions for each cardiovascular drug with outcome under an additive dosage model after adjusting for clinical risk factors, main effects of SNP and treatment, and principal components to account for population structure. We identified an intergenic variant (rs4936159) with genome-wide significant (p>5x10∼8) evidence of interaction with clopidogrel: minor allele frequency 0.05,p=1.2x10∼8, hazard ratio (95% CI) 19.3 (7.0-53.3). The variant maps near NCAM1, which is involved in left ventricular remodelling. Nominal evidence of clopidogrel interaction was also observed for variants mapping in/near: EVC2, CNR1, SV2B, LIG3/RFFL. Our study highlights several biological candidate genes that are associated with response to cardiovascular drugs in ACS recurrence time. ER  - 
Effect of CYP2C19 genotype on inhibition of platelet aggregation in hemodialysis patients with coronary artery disease$$$ Background: Since hemodialysis patients have shown a relatively higher incidence of clinical events associated with thrombus, management of antiplatelet therapy after stenting would be important. The aim of this study was to evaluate platelet aggregation according to antiplatelet therapy (Prasugrel and Clopidogrel) after stenting. Methods: A total of 33 hemodialysis patients were randomized to either Prasugrel (N=16) or Clopidogrel (N=17) and evaluated with platelet aggregation (P2Y12 reaction units: PRU) with VerifyNow P2Y12 assay and CYP2C19 genotypes after stenting. Results: Patients who had a relatively high risk for bleeding, including history of stroke, were cross-overs from the Prasugrel to the Clopidogrel group (N=5). Finally, 11 patients were assigned to Prasugrel and 22 patients were assigned to Clopidogrel group. PRU level (198.9±47.8 vs. 230.6±52.6, p=0.119) and frequency of CYP2C19 genotype were not different between the Prasugrel and Clopidogrel groups. Incidence of high on-treatment platelet reactivity defied as PRU>208 tended to be lower in Prasugrel compared with Clopidogrel group (27.3 vs. 59.1%, p=0.085). According to genotype analysis, patients were classified as Responder (extensive metabolizer) and Non-responder (intermediate or poor metabolizer). PRU in Responder was similar between the 2 treatment groups (p>0.999), but Non-responder showed a significantly lower PRU in the Prasugrel compared with Clopidogrel (p=0.049). Conclusion: This study suggested that prasugrel seemed to be effective in hemodialysis patients, regardless of CYP2C19 genotypes. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Clinical benefits of new P2Y inhibitors according to renal function in patients with acute myocardial infarction: The results of Korean myocardial infarction-NIH registry$$$ Background: Clinical benefits of new P2Y inhibitors according to renal function have been rarely clarified in real clinical world. Methods: Patients were derived from 11,608 consecutive patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) between 2014 and 2015. Chronic kidney disease (CKD) was defined as glomerular filtration rate <60ml/min/1.73m by CKD-EPI equation. The primary efficacy endpoint was the composite of all-cause death, recurrent MI, or ischemic stroke. The primary safety endpoint was the rate of TIMI major bleeding. Net clinical outcome was the composite of the primary efficacy and safety endpoints. Because new P2Y inhibitors were given to lower risk patients compared to clopidogrel, we adjusted the differences of baseline characteristics with propensity score matching. Results: In patients without CKD (n=3,232), the primary efficacy outcome was significantly reduced by new P2Y inhibitors (2.6% vs. 1.1%; Hazard ration [HR]=0.402; 95% confidence interval [CI]=0.230-0.702; P=0.001), which was mainly derived from the reduction of in-hospital death (2.0% vs. 0.6%; HR=0,308; 95% CI=0.153-0.621; P=0.001). Conversely, in patients without CKD (n=1057), new P2Y inhibitors did not show the reduction of neither the primary efficacy endpoint (11.0% vs. 9.8%; HR=0.880; 95% CI=0.590-1.313; P=0.545) nor of in-hospital death (9.7% vs. 8.5%; HR=0,868; 95% CI=0.567-0.765; P=1.329). The primary safety endpoint was similar between New P2Y inhibitors and clopidogrel in both non-CKD and CKD patients (2.0% vs. 2.4%; HR=1.227; 95% CI=0.759-1.985; P=0.469 in non-CKD patients vs. 3.5% vs. 4.1%; HR=1.191; 95% CI=0.633- 2.243; P=0.627 in CKD patients). Net clinical outcome with new P2Y inhibitors were also neutral in both non-CKD and CKD patients (4.0% vs. 3.3%; HR=0,832; 95% CI=0.575-1.203; P=0.344 in non-CKD patients vs. 13.0% vs. 12.9%; HR=0.988; 95% CI=0.687-1.419; P=1.000 in CDK patients). Conclusions: In real clinical world, clinical benefits of new P2Y inhibitors in AMI patients undergoing PCI were more prominent in non-CKD patients than CKD patients. Importantly, compared to clopidogrel, new P2Y12 inhibitors reduced inhospital death in non-CKD patients. ER  - 
Risk factors for bleeding modify the impact of CYP2C19 genetic test results on antiplatelet drug selection$$$ Introduction: Our institution uses CYP2C19 genotype to enhance precision of antiplatelet drug selection in high risk patients following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). However, it is unknown whether clinical factors impact P2Y12 inhibitor selection when CYP2C19 genotype is known. Methods: This single-center, retrospective cohort study included 903 patients undergoing PCI from July 2012-Dec 2013. Clinical factors, CYP2C19 genotype and medications were abstracted from the medical record. Elevated bleeding risk (composite) was defined as: age ≥75, weight <60 kg, prior stroke, current end-stage renal disease, prior bleeding event, or anticoagulant use. Predictors of P2Y12 inhibitor maintenance therapy (clopidogrel versus either prasugrel or ticagrelor) were identified by regression. Results: Selection of clopidogrel (71.3%) was more common than prasugrel (25.8%) or ticagrelor (2.9%). CYP2C19 genotype was obtained in 636 patients (70.4%) with 191/636 (30%) carrying a loss-of-function (LOF) allele. Prasugrel or ticagrelor was prescribed in 136/191 (71.2%) LOF allele carriers. Clopidogrel was prescribed in 344/445 (77.3%) without a LOF allele. Several clinical factors were also significantly associated with P2Y12 inhibitor selection (Table). CYP2C19 genotype appeared to modify the association between bleeding risk and prasugrel/ticagrelor selection (OR 0.41 [0.22-0.79] in LOF carriers vs. OR 0.19 [0.09- 0.34] in non-carriers; interaction P=0.080). The interaction was significant for age ≥75 (P=0.017) and weight <60kg (P=0.012). (Table presented) Conclusions: P2Y12 inhibitor selection was associated with clinical factors and CYP2C19 genotype. Risk factors for bleeding appeared to impact use of the CYP2C19 genotype test result, suggesting that genotype, when available, is one of multiple factors considered when selecting a P2Y12 inhibitor in a real-world clinical setting. The impact of this strategy on outcomes requires further study. ER  - 
P2Y12 Antagonists for Acute Coronary Syndrome in Chronic Kidney Disease: A Meta-Analysis of Randomised Controlled Trials$$$ Background: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients are under-represented in cardiovascular trials and less likely to receive secondary prevention. Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and P2Y12 antagonists (e.g. clopidogrel) is standard treatment following acute coronary syndrome. We aimed to determine how reduced eGFR influences major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) and bleeding risk in patients treated with these agents for acute coronary syndrome. Methods: Central, Embase, and Medline databases were searched from 1946 through to June 2016 for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing P2Y12 antagonists with another antiplatelet agent, standard care or placebo in adults with acute coronary syndrome in the presence or absence of CKD, defined as an eGFR of ≤60mL/min/1.73m2. Two assessors independently screened relevant studies. The primary outcome was MACE; a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction (MI) or stroke. The secondary outcome was TIMI major bleeding. Publication bias was determined using Eggers regression test and heterogeneity was calculated using the I2 test. Summary effects of relative risk (RR) ratios were collated using a random-effects model. Results: Of 4,382 studies, five international, multi-centre, double-blinded RCTs with low risk of bias studies were included in the analysis. From 57,611 patients, eGFR data were available for 88.6% (n=51,031). CKD patients comprised 21.2% of the population (n=10,480), of whom 1.1% (n=560) had an eGFR <30mL/min/1.73m2. Treatment reduced MACE in both those with CKD (n=10,840; RR 0.89 [CI 0.69-1.18]) and those without (n=40,191; RR 0.79 [CI 0.63-1.00]). TIMI major bleeding risk was increased in both those with (n=9,350; RR 1.04 [CI 0.63-1.72]) and those without CKD (n=28,301; RR 1.39 [0.94-2.07]). Conclusions: P2Y12 antagonists after acute coronary syndrome confer benefit to CKD patients, although to a lesser degree than in those with normal renal function. They are associated with a lower risk of major bleeding in CKD; this may reflect premature mortality due to other causes. Those with severe CKD, and so the greatest cardiovascular risk, are vastly under-represented in cardiovascular trials. ER  - 
Effect of CYP2C19*2 and *3 on clinical outcome in ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel$$$ Background Despite clopidogrel has been widely applied to patients with ischemic stroke combined with aspirin, decreased metabolic activation of clopidogrel still occurs because of genetic variations in CYP2C19. Methods Three hundred twenty-one patients completed a genetic test for CYP2C19 loss of function (LOF) alleles in hospital. Cox regression models were used to assess the relationship between CYP2C19 genotypes with the primary endpoint, which was a composite of nonfatal ischemic stroke, myocardial infarction, or vascular death. Functional outcome was measured by the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) at 3 months, 6 months and 12 months intervals. Binary logistic regression was used to analyze the correlation between poor functional outcome and CYP2C19 LOF alleles. Results The CYP2C19 LOF alleles were independently associated with the primary endpoint. There was no significant association between poor functional outcome and CYP2C19 LOF allele (*2 and *3) in overall patients. After the participants were stratified by stent treatment into two groups, the polymorphisms of CYP2C19 had significant impact on poor prognosis at 3 months and 6 months but not at 12 months in patients without stent. No correlation was found in patients with stent. Conclusions The CYP2C19 LOF alleles may increase the recurrent risk of ischemic events. The polymorphisms of CYP2C19 may be predictors of poor functional outcome of patients without stent, and the effect may be weakened by time. ER  - 
Safety and effectiveness of the new P2Y12r inhibitor agents vs clopidogrel in ACS patients according to the geographic area: East Asia vs Europe$$$ Background: In the setting of the Acute Coronary Syndrome (ACS), differences in response to prasugrel and ticagrelor between East Asian and European patients have not been investigated yet. Methods This is a sub-analysis of the “BleeMACS registry”. Patients admitted for ACS and underwent PCI from between 2012 and 2014 were stratified first according to their provenance, Europe vs. East Asia (China and Japan), and then by country. The adjusted rate of 1-year serious bleeding -safety end-point- and 1-year death/re-infarction -effectiveness endpoint- of the new P2Y12r inhibitors were compared. Results Data of 10004 patients in Europe and 2332 patients in East Asia were collected. At baseline prior stroke (6% vs 9%, p<0.001, respectively) and type of ACS (59% vs 71% STEMI, 11% vs 21% Unstable Angina) were significantly different among the groups. At 1year follow-up no difference in bleeding (3% vs 3%, p=0.84) was found, while the between group incidence of death/re-infarction was significantly higher in the European centers (9% vs 5%, p<0.001). At the multivariate analysis, ticagrelor decreases the risk of MACE (Europe: HR 0.5, CI 0.3–0.9; East Asia: HR 0.5, CI 0.2–0.9), despite of a higher risk of bleeding in Caucasians (HR 1.7, CI 1.1–2.6). Prasugrel reduces death/re-infarction (HR 0.4, CI 0.2–0.6), without increasing bleeding (HR 0.9, CI 0.5–1.3). Conclusions In the setting of the ACS, the new anti-platelets drugs appear to be safe and efficacious at mid-term follow-up independently from the geographic area. Prasugrel seems to have the best risk–benefit, while ticagrelor appears safer in East Asians. ER  - 
Impact of genetic polymorphisms related to clopidogrel or acetylsalicylic acid pharmacology on clinical outcome in Chinese patients with symptomatic extracranial or intracranial stenosis$$$ Purpose: Recurrent ischemic events in Chinese patients with symptomatic extracranial or intracranial stenosis caused by aspirin or clopidogrel resistance are well known. We aimed to identify the contribution of genetic variants to the events. Methods: Patients with symptomatic extracranial or intracranial stenosis receiving dual antiplatelet treatment for at least 5 days were enrolled in this study. The primary endpoint was a composite of ischemic events, including recurrent transient ischemic attack, stroke, myocardial infarction, and vascular-related mortality. Twenty-four single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were assessed and genotyped. The clinical characteristics of enrolled patients were collected from medical records. The influence of genetic polymorphisms on the recurrent ischemic events of the patients was examined. Results: A total of 377 patients were included. During a 12-month follow-up, the composite primary endpoint was observed in 64 patients. The CYP2C19*3 (rs4986893) may increase the occurrence of the primary composite endpoint (OR = 2.56, 95 % CI = 1.29–5.10, P = 0.007), and the mutation of CES1 rs8192950 was associated with the decreased recurrence of ischemic events (OR = 0.53, 95 % CI = 0.30–0.94, P = 0.029). The other SNPs that were tested did not have statistically significant associations with the composite endpoint. Conclusions: For Chinese patients with symptomatic extracranial or intracranial stenosis treated with clopidogrel, CYP2C19*3 mutation was associated with an increased risk of ischemic events, and the mutation of rs8192950 in CES1 is associated with a decreased risk of recurrent ischemic events. Testing these two SNPs could be of value in the identification of patients at risk for recurrent ischemic events. ER  - 
Design and Rationale of the RE-DUAL PCI Trial: A Prospective, Randomized, Phase 3b Study Comparing the Safety and Efficacy of Dual Antithrombotic Therapy With Dabigatran Etexilate Versus Warfarin Triple Therapy in Patients With Nonvalvular Atrial Fibrillation Who Have Undergone Percutaneous Coronary Intervention With Stenting$$$ Antithrombotic management of patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) undergoing coronary stenting is complicated by the need for anticoagulant therapy for stroke prevention and dual antiplatelet therapy for prevention of stent thrombosis and coronary events. Triple antithrombotic therapy, typically comprising warfarin, aspirin, and clopidogrel, is associated with a high risk of bleeding. A modest-sized trial of oral anticoagulation with warfarin and clopidogrel without aspirin showed improvements in both bleeding and thrombotic events compared with triple therapy, but large trials are lacking. The RE-DUAL PCI trial (NCT 02164864) is a phase 3b, a strategy of prospective, randomized, open-label, blinded-endpoint trial. The main objective is to evaluate dual antithrombotic therapy with dabigatran etexilate (110 or 150 mg twice daily) and a P2Y12 inhibtor (either clopidogrel or ticagrelor) compared with triple antithrombotic therapy with warfarin, a P2Y12 inhibtor (either clopidogrel or ticagrelor, and low-dose aspirin (for 1 or 3 months, depending on stent type) in nonvalvular AF patients who have undergone percutaneous coronary intervention with stenting. The primary endpoint is time to first International Society of Thrombosis and Hemostasis major bleeding event or clinically relevant nonmajor bleeding event. Secondary endpoints are the composite of all cause death or thrombotic events (myocardial infarction, or stroke/systemic embolism) and unplanned revascularization; death or thrombotic events; individual outcome events; death, myocardial infarction, or stroke; and unplanned revascularization. A hierarchical procedure for multiple testing will be used. The plan is to randomize ∼ 2500 patients at approximately 550 centers worldwide to try to identify new treatment strategies for this patient population. ER  - 
The personalization of drug therapy for elderly patients$$$ Personalized drug therapy, described as tailoring the selection of drug and drug dosing to a given patient in order to optimize efficacy and minimize toxicity, has been a longstanding goal in medicine. This goal has been met at various levels of success for different patients and patient populations. While specific dosing regimens and labeling recommendations based on clinical trial data are available for adults, they are frequently lacking for pediatrics and geriatrics. These special patient populations are clinically understudied resulting in a lack of data to be used for establishing respective optimal drug and dosing regimen. While regulators around the globe have responded to this unmet medical need by establishing or updating pediatric guidance documents, the situation is much less evolved for geriatrics. However, there is a plethora of ongoing research, which ranges from reaching expert consensus to genotyping frailty that is geared towards improving the situation. The objective of this book chapter is to introduce and discuss personalized medicine approaches for the elderly patient. ER  - 
Reduced number of cardiovascular events and increased cost-effectiveness by genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions in the Netherlands$$$ Aim This study explores clinical outcome in cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19)-related poor metaboliser patients treated with either clopidogrel or prasugrel after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) and investigates whether this could be cost-effective. Methods and results This single-centre, observational study included 3260 patients scheduled for elective PCI between October 2010 and June 2013 and followed for adverse cardiovascular events until October 2014. Post PCI, CYP2C19 poor metaboliser patients were treated with clopidogrel or prasugrel, in addition to aspirin. In total, 32 poor metabolisers were treated with clopidogrel and 41 with prasugrel. The number of adverse cardiovascular events, defined as death from cardiovascular cause, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, every second visit to the catheterisation room for re-PCI in the same artery, or stroke, within 1.5 years of PCI, was significantly higher in the CYP2C19 poor metaboliser group treated with clopidogrel (n = 10, 31 %) compared with the poor metaboliser group treated with prasugrel (n = 2, 5 %) (p = 0.003). Costs per gained quality-adjusted life years (QALY) were estimated, showing that genotype-guided post-PCI treatment with prasugrel could be cost-effective with less than € 10,000 per gained QALY. Conclusion This study provides evidence that for CYP2C19-related poor metabolisers prasugrel may be more effective than clopidogrel to prevent major adverse cardiovascular events after PCI and this approach could be cost-effective. ER  - 
Ischemic and bleeding outcomes after coronary artery bypass grafting among patients initially treated with a P2Y12 receptor antagonist for acute coronary syndromes-insights on timing of discontinuation of ticagrelor and clopidogrel prior to surgery$$$ BACKGROUND: A significant number of patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) treated upfront with dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) subsequently require emergent or urgent coronary artery bypass grafting surgery (CABG). Clinical outcomes following CABG in relation to the timing of discontinuation of P2Y12 receptor antagonists have not been well studied. METHODS: We retrospectively identified patients with ACS undergoing urgent or emergent CABG after treatment with clopidogrel or ticagrelor. We then examined clinical outcomes after stratifying patients into three pre-specified time intervals from P2Y12 receptor antagonist discontinuation to CABG: <48 hours, 48 hours to <5 days, and ±5 days. The primary efficacy outcome for this analysis was the composite of death, reinfarction, need for revascularization, or stroke; the primary safety outcome was bleeding of at least moderate severity as defined by a Universal Definition of Perioperative Bleeding (UDPB) class ± 2. We performed two multivariable logistic regression analyses to examine the relationship between the timing of discontinuation of P2Y12 receptor antagonists and the incidence of the primary efficacy and safety outcomes. RESULTS: A total of 507 (median age 67 years; women 25%; STEMI 11%) patients treated with ticagrelor (19%) or clopidogrel (81%) for ACS met inclusion criteria. There was a significant association between the timing of CABG following P2Y12 discontinuation and a previous history of PCI, preoperative IABP or inotropes, STEMI as index event, and preoperative platelet levels. There was no association between the timing of CABG in relation to P2Y12receptor antagonist discontinuation and the specific P2Y12 receptor antagonist used (p=0.50). The unadjusted incidence of the primary efficacy outcome (11%) was comparable in relation to the timing of CABG following P2Y12 receptor antagonist discontinuation (p = 0.15). UDPB class ±2 bleeding rates were higher in patients undergoing CABG <48 hours (45%) and between 2 and <5 days (26%) compared to ±5 days (16%) following P2Y12 receptor antagonist discontinuation (p<0.0001). In our efficacy multivariable logistic regression model, the timing of discontinuation of P2Y12 receptor antagonist prior to CABG was not associated with the incidence of the primary efficacy outcome (figure); in our safety model, early CABG (<5 days following P2Y12 receptor antagonist discontinuation) was associated with increased incidence of UDPB ±2 bleeding (table). CONCLUSION: In patients with ACS requiring urgent or emergent CABG following P2Y12 receptor antagonist administration, early CABG following P2Y12 receptor antagonist discontinuation is associated with increased rates of bleeding of at least moderate severity but comparable rates of ischemic events. (Figure presented). ER  - 
Clopidogrel versus novel P2Y12 inhibitor use in fibrinolysis treated st segment elevation myocardial infarction: Insights from the Canadian observational antiplatelet study (COAPT)$$$ BACKGROUND: The Canadian Cardiovascular Society (CCS) antiplatelet guidelines recommend the use of clopidogrel with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA; Aspirin™) for ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) patients managed with fibrinolytic therapy. In contrast, preferential use of the novel adenosine diphosphate receptor P2Y12 inhibitors (P2Y12ris) ticagrelor or prasugrel, is recommended in STEMI patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Thus, there is limited data on the safety and efficacy of the novel P2Y12ris within 24 hours of fibrinolysis. METHODS: Accordingly, we studied 1,328 STEMI patients from 26 Canadian PCI-capable hospitals (December 2011eOctober 2014) as part of the Canadian Observational Antiplatelet sTudy (COAPT), a prospective, observational, longitudinal study. Those who received fibrinolysis as the primary mode of reperfusion were divided into three groups: (1) started and then maintained clopidogrel AND underwent PCI ≤24 hours of fibrinolysis; (2) started on clopidogrel and switched to a novel ADPri AND underwent PCI ≤24 hours of fibrinolysis; and (3) on any ADPri AND underwent PCI >24 hours post-lysis; patients started and maintained on a novel P2Y12ri who underwent PCI within 24 hours of lysis (n=10) were excluded. Baseline characteristics and in-hospital and 15-month major adverse cardiac events (MACE) and patientreported bleeding of these three groups were compared. RESULTS: At index hospitalization, 261 of STEMI patients (19.7%) were treated with fibrinolysis as the initial reperfusion strategy, with 188 (72.0%) undergoing PCI within 24 hours of fibrinolysis. Baseline characteristics, oral antiplatelet therapy, MACE (death, MI, stroke, unplanned revascularization, stent thrombosis, cardiogenic shock and new or worsening congestive heart failure) and bleeding are summarized in the Table. 148 (56.7%) were started and maintained on clopidogrel and underwent early PCI, 40 (15.3%) were started on clopidogrel but switched to a novel P2Y12ri and underwent early PCI, and 73 (28.0%) were started on any P2Y12ri and underwent PCI >24 hours after lysis. CONCLUSIONS: 1 in 5 Canadian patients presenting with STEMI were initially treated with fibrinolysis. Consistent with CCS guidelines, 94% received clopidogrel as initial P2Y12ri therapy. While 21% were subsequently switched to a novel P2Y12ri within 24 hours of lysis and PCI, unadjusted MACE and bleeding rates were numerically lower when compared to those who started and were maintained on clopidogrel, albeit based upon a relatively small number of events. Thus, a randomized clinical trial comparing novel P2Y12ris to clopidogrel within the first 24 hours of lysis appears warranted. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Ischemic and bleeding outcomes after coronary artery bypass grafting among patients initially treated with a P2Y12 receptor antagonist for acute coronary syndromes - Insights on the use of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel prior to surgery$$$ BACKGROUND: A significant number of patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) treated upfront with dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) subsequently require emergent or urgent coronary artery bypass grafting surgery (CABG). Clinical outcomes following CABG in relation to the choice of P2Y12 receptor antagonists have not been well studied. METHODS: We retrospectively identified patients with ACS undergoing urgent or emergent CABG after treatment with clopidogrel or ticagrelor. We then examined clinical outcomes after stratifying patients based on the specific receptor antagonist used (clopidogrel versus ticagrelor), followed by substratification into three pre-specified time intervals from P2Y12 receptor antagonist discontinuation to CABG: <48 hours, 48 hours to <5 days, and ≥5 days. The primary efficacy outcome for this analysis was the composite of death, reinfarction, need for revascularization, or stroke; the primary safety outcome was bleeding of at least moderate severity as defined by a Universal Definition of Perioperative Bleeding (UDPB) class ≥ 2. We performed two multivariable logistic regression analyses to examine the relationship between choice of P2Y12 receptor antagonists and the incidence of the primary efficacy and safety outcomes. RESULTS: A total of 507 (median age 67 years; women 25%; STEMI 11%) patients treated with ticagrelor (19%) or clopidogrel (81%) for ACS met inclusion criteria. Compared to clopidogrel, ticagrelor use was more common in women, current smokers, patients with STEMI, and patients who were treated preoperatively with an IABP. There was no association between the timing of CABG in relation to P2Y12 receptor antagonist discontinuation and the specific P2Y12 receptor antagonist used (p=0.50). The unadjusted incidence of the primary efficacy outcome (11%) was comparable (p = 0.53) in patients receiving clopidogrel (12%) versus ticagrelor (10%) in the overall cohort (Table) and within each time-to-CABG stratum (Figure). UDPB class ≥2 bleeding was also comparable (p = 0.75) in patients treated with clopidogrel (25%) versus ticagrelor (26%) in the overall cohort (Table), and within each time-to-CABG stratum (Figure). In our efficacy multivariable logistic regression model, the use of ticagrelor compared to clopidogrel was not independently associated with the odds of the primary efficacy (OR 0.87, 95% CI 0.40-1.89, p = 0.72) or safety outcomes (OR 0.91, 95% CI 0.53-1.57, p = 0.74). CONCLUSION: In patients with ACS requiring urgent or emergent CABG following P2Y12 receptor antagonist administration, the choice of P2Y12 receptor antagonist (clopidogrel versus ticagrelor) was not associated with differential rates of ischemic or bleeding events. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Impact on prognosis of the pre-treatment with clopidogrel in patients with non-ST elevation myocardial infarction submitted to coronary angiography$$$ Introduction: Following the results of ACCOAST trial, the most recent ESC guidelines on Non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) came to question pretreatment with P2Y12 inhibitors in these patients (Pts). But could these results applied to clopidogrel? Purpose: To evaluate the impact in in-hospital morbidity and mortality at one-year follow-up of pre-treatment with clopidogrel in Pts with NSTEMI submitted to coronary angiography. Methods: From a database of 6673 Pts with NSTEMI included in a multicenter national registry, we studied all Pts submitted to coronary angiography and who performed loading dose of clopidogrel (300 or 600mg) (n = 2944Pts). We compared two groups: Pts who underwent Pretreatment with clopidogrel with a loading dose administered before catheterization and Pts without Pre-treatment with clopidogrel who underwent the loading dose administered during or after catheterization. We registered age, gender, clinical history, clinical presentation, in-hospital therapy, coronary angiography results and ejection fraction (EF). We evaluated the following in-hospital complications: major bleeding, need for blood transfusion, Re-infaction, heart failure (HF), cardiogenic shock and stroke. We compared in-hospital mortality and mortality at a one-year of follow-up. We conducted multivariate analysis to assess whether pre-treatment with clopidogrel is an independent predictor of major bleeding, Re-infaction, HF and inhospital mortality. Sub-analysis was also performed to assess if there were differences between the loading doses of 300mg and 600mg. Results: Pre-treatment with clopidogrel was performed in 2443 Pts with NSTEMI (87%). These Pts were older (64 ± 12 vs 62 ± 12 years, p <0.001), more often female (25,7 vs 20,0%, p=0,007), had a higher prevalence of hypertension (71,4% vs 64,5%; p=0,002), diabetes mellitus (30,1% vs 20,0%, p=0,024), previous HF (4,7% vs 1,6%, p=0,002) and a lower prevalence of previous angina (37,7% vs 18,1%, p<0.001) and previous haemorrage (1,8 vs. 0,6%, p=0,01). At admission, Pts with pre-treatment with clopidogrel more often presented with chest pain and higher Killip-Kimball (KK) classes (KK ≥ 2: 12,7 vs 5,0%, p<0.001). Pts with pre-treatment had more HF (13,7 vs 3,4%, p<0.001), worse EF (EF<50%: 31,0 vs 10,5%, p<0.001), more need for blood transfusion (1,5 vs 0,2%, p=0,017) but no differences were observed in the Re-infarction, cardiogenic shock, stroke or major bleeding. There were no differences in in-hospital mortality and mortality at a one-year follow-up. These results were independent of the loading dose administered (300 or 600mg). By multivariate analysis, Pre-treatment with clopidogrel was only an independent predictor of HF. Conclusions: In the real world, pre-treatment with clopidogrel in NSTEMI remains a common practice, but is associated with an increase prevalence of HF but not major bleeding, Re-infarction or in-hospital mortality and mortality at one-year follow-up. ER  - 
Association of genetic (CYP2C19, CYP2C9 and P2Y12 SNPS) and non genetic factors with antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel in ischemic stroke patients$$$ Background: Clopidogrel is commonly used in secondary prevention of ischemic stroke. Cytochrome P 450 system (CYP) is responsible for its metabolism which is involved in formation of its active metabolite. Influences on this system and end target of clopidogrel may modulate its effects. Objective: To study single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of CYP2C19, CYP2C9 and P2Y12 (target) gene and plasma adipokines (Leptin and Adiponectin) levels Methods: Ischemic stroke patients within 3 months were prospectively recruited from inpatient/outpatient of PGIMER after 1 week of clopidogrel (75 mg/day). Patients with cardioembolic strokes were exclusion. Patients were classified into 2 groups-group-I (clopidogrel alone) and group-II (clopidogrel plus aspirin). Clopidogrel effect was carried out by impedance based method on Chrono-Log platelet aggregometer (Model 700, USA) and matched with healthy controls. Impedance value of >5 ohm (Ω) was considered clopidogrel non-responder. Genotyping was carried out for SNPs of CYP2C19 [∗2, ∗3, ∗4 -Loss of function (LOF)], CYP2C9∗2 and P2Y12 genes using TaqMan based real-time PCR. Plasm levels of adipokines were measured using Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Results and Conclusion: 128 patients were recruited. Median age was 56.5 and 78% were males with Group-I (33.5%) and Group-II (66.5%). 52.3% were non-responders (group-I- 31% and group-II-69 %; p=0. 572). 54 % patients were carriers of at least one CYP2C19∗2 LOF allele comprising 61% of clopidogrel non-responders (p=0.037). Correlation between platelet aggregation and leptin/adiponectin levels in either group were non-significant and needs further study to ascertain role of non-genetic factors. ER  - 
The single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPS) associated with cytochrome p450 2c19 in patients on clopidogrel therapy$$$ Background: The genetic polymorphism in clopidogrel metabolism has a significant role in the recurrence of atherothrombotic events such as acute cerebrovascular accidents or acute myocardial infarction or acute coronary syndrome in patients on clopidogrel prophylaxis. The response to clopidogrel treatment varies inter-individually and inter-ethnically. Aims: The major genetic variants (SNPs) associated with CYP2C19 are CYP2C19-2, CYP2C19-3 and CYP2C19-17, of which CYP2C19-2 is common in Asian population. This study targets to analyze these SNPs in patients on clopidogrel therapy. Methodology: The SNPs associated with CYP2C19 were studied among 24 patients by TaqMan genotyping (qPCR) after genomic DNA isolation from peripheral blood. Results: Of these 24 patients, 9 patients (9/24)(37.5%) had recurrent atherothrombotic events and 15 patients (15/24)(62.5%) had no manifestations of recurrence. Among the 24 patients, 17 patients (17/ 24)(70.83%) were found to be heterozygous (AG instead of GG) for CYP2C19-2 variant and are predicted to be intermediate metabolisers of clopidogrel; 5 patients (5/24)(20.83%) were found to be homozygous to the variant CYP2C19-2 (AA instead of GG) and are poor metabolisers of clopidogrel; 2 patients (2/24)(8.3%) are normal metabolisers (GG) of clopidogrel. Conclusion: There is a high prevalence of CYP2C19-2 variant in our study population. Therefore, alternate anti-platelet therapy is moderately recommended in intermediate metabolisers and strongly recommended in poor metabolisers in order to prevent recurrent atherothrombotic events. ER  - 
Aspirin and clopidogrel resistance in indian patients with ischemic stroke and its associations with gene polymorphisms$$$ Background: Antiplatelet resistance is one of the urgent issues in current stroke care. One-third to one-half of patients who experience a recurrent stroke are already on antiplatelet medications. We studied resistance to aspirin and clopidogrel in Indian stroke patients and its association with gene polymorphisms. Method: Platelet function testing by light transmission aggregometry was performed on 60 patients with ischemic stroke who were stable on dual antiplatelet therapy (clopidogrel 75 mg OD and aspirin 75 mg OD) along with 60 controls. Aspirin resistance was considered as mean platelet aggregation ≤70% with 10 mM ADP and ≤20% with 0.75mM arachidonic acid. Clopidogrel resistance was defined as <10% decrease from the baseline in platelet aggregation in response to ADP 10 mM and semiresponse as <30% decrease from the baseline. Polymorphisms CYP2C19∗2 and PLA1/A2 were genotyped by PCR-RFLP. Results: We found 65% (39/60) patients with inadequate response to clopidogrel [23.3% (14/60) resistant and 41.6% (25/60) semi-responders] and 5% (3/60) patients with inadequate response to aspirin [1.6% (1/60) resistant and 3.33% (2/60) semi-responder]. The frequency of CYP2C19∗2 mutant genotype was significantly higher in clopidogrel non-responders compared to responders (p<0.001). Clopidogrel nonresponsiveness was much higher in cardio embolic and small vessel stroke. No significant correlation was found between stroke risk factors and clopidogrel non-responsiveness, but higher clopidogrel non-responsiveness was found in smokers and alcoholics. Conclusions: Unlike aspirin, a high proportion of non-responders to clopidogrel were identified. In an interim analysis on 60 Indian patients, a significant association was found between CYP2C19∗2 and clopidogrel non-responsiveness. ER  - 
The start-antiplatelets register: A multicenter observational prospective study to assess the risk-benefits of antithrombotic therapy in acs patients$$$ Background: Treatment of acute coronary syndromes (ACS) has been modified in recent years by the introduction of more potent P2Y12 inhibitors, such as prasugrel and ticagrelor. European Guidelines recommend to treat ACS patients with novel antiplatelets as first choice. In the real world, few data are available on the adherence to these recommendations, and on the follow-up of ACS in terms of thrombotic and bleeding complications with respect to antithrombotic therapy. Finally, the high prevalence of atrial fibrillation and other conditions requiring oral anticoagulant therapy makes more difficult in the real world the association of antithrombotic therapies. Methods: Participants to the START-ANTIPLATELETS, A multicenter, observational, prospective, non-interventional register, enroll all patients meeting predefined eligibility criteria (ACS); patients' data, including treatment, underlying conditions and type of antiplatelet, are collected on the register web-site. A 6-and 12-month follow-up is included. Moreover, all causes of temporary or definitive interruption of dual antiplatelet treatment are recorded. results 927 patients were registered (677 M/age:67±12.5y). Diagnosis included: 439 STEMI (47%); 367 NSTEMI (39.5%) and 120 UA (12.9%). 759 (81.8%) patients underwent PCI, of which 709 with stenting (328 DES); 147 (15.8%) were medically treated and 26 (3.1%) underwent coronary artery bypass graft surgery. Hypertension was present in 636 (68.6%); smoking habit in 433 (46.7%); hypercholesterolemia in 462 (49.8%); diabetes in 251 (27%) and family history of CAD in 260 (28%). At discharge antithrombotic therapy included: aspirin in 908 (97.9%; all on 100 mg/day except 2 on 75 mg/day and 7 on 300 mg/die); exposure to clopidogrel, prasugrel and ticagrelor occurred in 307 (33%), 118 (12.7%) and 427 (46%), respectively. 61 (6.5%) patients were treated with triple antithrombotic therapy: 49 with VKA+aspirin+clopidogrel; 10 with dabigatran+aspirin+clopidogrel and 2 with apixaban+aspirin+clopidogrel. 271 (29%) patients completed the 6-month follow-up: 12 (4.4%) died; 11 (4.1%) experienced cardiovascular death (7.6% on clopidogrel; 2% on prasugrel; none on ticagrelor). 2 (0.7%) patients experienced major bleeding (intracranial) (1 on prasugrel; 1 on clopidogrel) with subsequent death. 10 (3.6%) patients experienced minor bleedings (no differences among clopidogrel, ticagrelor and prasugrel). MACE were observed in 13 patients: 11 underwent urgent revascularization (7.8% on prasugrel; 3% on clopidogrel; 3% on ticagrelor); 1 ischemic stroke (on clopidogrel); 1 peripheral embolism (on clopidogrel). Conclusions: We expect to complete patients' follow-up in few months, so that the START-ANTIPLATELETS Register will allow us to enhance our understanding of the risk-benefits of the different antithrombotic strategies in Italian ACS patients. ER  - 
Platelet reactivity and hemorrhage risk in neurointerventional procedures under dual antiplatelet therapy$$$ Background and purpose Hemorrhagic complications during neurointerventional procedures have various etiologies and can result in severe morbidity and mortality. This study investigated the possible association between low platelet reactivity measured by the VerifyNow assay and increased hemorrhagic complications during elective neurointervention under dual antiplatelet therapy. Methods From May 2010 to April 2013 we recorded baseline characteristics, P2Y12 reaction units (PRU), and aspirin reaction units using VerifyNow. The primary endpoint was post-procedural hemorrhagic complications. Results A total of 279 patients were enrolled and 31 major hemorrhagic complications (11.1%) were identified. From receiver-operating characteristic curve analysis, PRU values could discriminate between patients with and without major hemorrhagic complications (area under the curve 0.63). Aspirin reaction unit values had no association with the primary outcome. The optimal cut-off for the primary outcome (PRU ≤175) was used to identify the low platelet reactivity group. The incidence of hemorrhagic complications was 20.0% in this group and 8.9% in the non-low platelet reactivity group. Multivariate analysis identified low platelet reactivity as an independent predictor for hemorrhagic complications. Conclusions The risk of hemorrhagic complications during elective neurointervention including cerebral aneurysm coil embolization and carotid artery stenting under dual antiplatelet therapy is associated with the response to clopidogrel but not to aspirin. A PRU value of ≤175 discriminates between patients with and without hemorrhagic complications. Future prospective studies are required to validate whether a specific PRU value around 170-180 is predictive of hemorrhagic complications. ER  - 
Pharmacogenetics in Oral Antithrombotic Therapy$$$ Certain antithrombotic drugs exhibit high patient-to-patient variability that significantly impacts the safety and efficacy of therapy. Pharmacogenetics offers the possibility of tailoring drug treatment to patients based on individual genotypes, and this type of testing has been recommended for 2 oral antithrombotic agents, warfarin and clopidogrel, to influence use and guide dosing. Limited studies have identified polymorphisms that affect the metabolism and activity of newer oral antithrombotic drugs, without clear evidence of the clinical relevance of such polymorphisms. This article provides an overview of the current status of pharmacogenetics in oral antithrombotic therapy. ER  - 
Evaluation of the incremental prognostic value of the combination of CYP2C19 poor metabolizer status and ABCB1 3435 TT polymorphism over conventional risk factors for cardiovascular events after drug-eluting stent implantation in East Asians$$$ Purpose:We evaluated the incremental prognostic value of combining the CYP2C19 poor metabolizer (PM) and ABCB1 3435 TT for adverse clinical outcomes over conventional risk factors in a percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) cohort.Methods:We enrolled 2,188 patients. The primary end point was a composite of death from any cause, nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI), and stroke during 1-year follow-up. The population was stratified into the following four groups: CYP2C19 EM/IM+ABCB1 3435 CC/CT, CYP2C19 EM/IM+ABCB1 3435 TT, CYP2C19 PM+ABCB1 3435 CC/CT, and CYP2C19 PM+ABCB1 3435 TT.Results:A total of 87 (3.97%) primary end-point events occurred (64 deaths, 8 non-fatal MIs and 15 strokes). Multivariate Cox analysis indicated that CYP2C19 PM+ABCB1 3435 TT status was a significant predictor of the primary end point (hazard ratio = 4.51, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.92-10.58). However, addition of combined genetic status to the clinical risk model did not improve the model discrimination (C-statistic = 0.786 (95% CI = 0.734-0.837) to 0.785 (95% CI = 0.733-0.838)) or risk reclassification (categorical net reclassification improvement (0.040, P = 0.32), integrated discrimination improvement (0.021, P = 0.026)).Conclusions:In a real-world East Asian PCI population taking clopidogrel, although the concurrent presence of CYP2C19 PM and ABCB1 TT is a strong independent predictor of adverse outcomes, the combined status of two at-risk variants does not have an incremental prognostic value beyond that of the conventional clinical risk factors. ER  - 
Safety of a regional standardized protocol to optimize the use of most effective platelet inhibition in ACS treated with PCI: Final Results from the multicenter rijnmond collective cardiology study$$$ Background: Increased platelet inhibition by prasugrel or ticagrelor has been shown to result in reduced ischemic events along with greater bleeding hazards in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Yet, at initiation of this study, there was limited actual data with the use of prasugrel in routine practice. We evaluated 1-year outcomes of a strategy with routine prasugrel with selective clopidogrel treatment in hospital survivors after ACS followed by PCI in a large-scale registry. Methods: The Rijnmond Collective Cardiology Research (CCR) registry is a prospective, observational study with enrollment of 4,258 PCI-treated ACS patients with 1-year follow-up in the larger region of Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Based on implemented hospital protocols, patients received prasugrel as first choice antiplatelet agent, with selective use of clopidogrel for increased risk patients (previous TIA or CVA, weight <60kg, age ≥75 years), including pretreatment before arrival at cathlab either pre-hospital (ambulance), in referring hospital or in-hospital (emergency room or coronary care unit), whenever possible. All events were validated by an independent clinical endpoint committee. Results: One hundred fourteen of the 4,258 died during admission, due to index event related mortality, not related to any bleedings. A total number of 2679 patients (65% of the remaining 4144) received prasugrel after the index event, 1420 (34%) received clopidogrel, only 45 (1%) received no P2Y12-inhibitor. 44% of the patients presented with ST-elevation myocardial infarction, 72% were men, and mean age was 63.7±12.2 years. Age above 75 year was the most frequent bleeding risk factor (presence: 21.4%, followed by previous stroke of TIA: 7.2% and low body weight: 3.1%). At 1 year, a composite of all-cause death and myocardial infarction, occurred in 143 (3.5%) of hospital survivors. All-cause death occurred in 82 (2.0%), myocardial infarction in 67 (1.6%), target-vessel revascularization in 147 (3.6%), stent thrombosis in 35 (0.8%), and stroke in 49 (1.2%). With careful selection of patients for most potent platelet inhibition the primary safety endpoint of all TIMI major bleeding episodes of 1.4% in the prasugrel treated patients was not increased vs our clopidogrel treated patients (TIMI Major bleeds of 2.5%) Conclusions: Final results from the CCR study show that a standardized protocol to optimize the use of most effective platelet inhibition in ACS resulted in a high adoption rate with low rates of ischemic events, including overall mortality in hospital survivors, and no excess rates of major bleeding in routine practice up to 1 year post-PCI. ER  - 
Characteristics and safety outcomes in first-time users of the P2Y12 receptor antagonists clopidogrel, prasugrel and ticagrelor$$$ Background: Indications for the three main P2Y12 receptor antagonists differ. Prasugrel is indicated in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) treated with percutaneous coronary intervention, whereas ticagrelor and clopidogrel have broad ACS indications as part of dual antiplatelet therapy with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA). Clopidogrel is also indicated for stroke, peripheral artery disease and stable coronary heart disease, where concomitant ASA use is not required. Purpose: The aim of this retrospective cohort study was to describe characteristics and safety outcomes in patients receiving a first prescription of clopidogrel, prasugrel or ticagrelor. Methods: Patients 20 to 84 years old who were dispensed clopidogrel, prasugrel or ticagrelor for the first time between 1 June 2011 and 31 December 2012 were identified from the Swedish Prescribed Drug Register (PDR). Only patients without a history of P2Y12 receptor antagonist use (naïve users) were included. Concomitant medications were identified from the PDR and diagnoses were identified from the Swedish National Patient Register. Patients were followed from the first dispensing date until the first occurrence of a safety outcome, the end of the follow-up period (31 December 2013), their 85th birthday or death. Safety outcomes included hospitalizations and outpatient visits (not primary care) for bleeding, bradyarrhythmias, cardiac arrest, heart failure, acute renal failure, acute liver injury, dyspnoea, syncope or gout. Safety signals were evaluated using crude incidence rates (CIRs). Results: The median duration of first continuous use was 11 months for clopidogrel (n=41,693), 12 months for prasugrel (n=991) and 10.5 months for ticagrelor (n=6,186). Comorbid cardiovascular disease was more common in patients using ticagrelor (99%) and prasugrel (96%) than in those using clopidogrel (54%), whereas cerebrovascular disease was more common in patients using clopidogrel (34% vs. 4% [ticagrelor and prasugrel]). Concomitant ASA use was seen in 98%, 97% and 76% of patients using ticagrelor, prasugrel and clopidogrel, respectively. In patients with a history of myocardial infarction (MI/ACS - a proxy for patients with a similar treatment indication) the CIR of dyspnoea was higher in ticagrelor users (26.3; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 22.1-31.0) than in users of clopidogrel (15.6; 95% CI: 14.2-17.6) or prasugrel (9.4; 95% CI: 4.3-17.8). A similar pattern was seen in patients with MI and/or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). No other clear differences in safety outcomes were seen across the cohorts. Conclusions: Characteristics of naïve users of clopidogrel, prasugrel and ticagrelor seem to reflect the registered indications for these drugs. In patients with a history of MI and/or COPD there was a higher CIR of dyspnoea for ticagrelor users than for clopidogrel and prasugrel users. No other safety signals were observed. ER  - 
Is there gender-related outcome difference with oral dual antiplatelet therapy in patients with acute coronary syndromes? A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: Dual anti-platelet therapy is routinely used in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). However, it is unclear whether the benefit of P2Y12 inhibitors varies depending on sex. Purpose: To perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of P2Y12 blockade added to aspirin therapy in the management of ACS with respect to sex. Methods: Electronic databases (MEDLINE and Embase) were searched for papers published 1946-2014; plus abstracts from major cardiology conferences. Only randomised controlled trials of P2Y12 inhibitors in the setting of ACS were included that had clinical outcomes by sex. 7 eligible studies were identified and appraised by two independent authors. 4 studies compared clopidogrel to control; 2 compared prasugrel to clopidogrel; 1 compared ticagrelor to clopidogrel. Combined, these studies recruited 89,892 patients. Risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated for a composite endpoint of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction or stroke (MACE), and a safety endpoint of major bleeding for each sex. Indirect comparison analysis was performed to statistically compare ticagrelor against prasugrel. Results: Compared to aspirin alone, clopidogrel was superior at reducing MACE with a RR of 0.92 (CI: 0.85-0.99, p=0.02) and 0.84 (CI: 0.75-0.92, p=0.003) respectively for women and men. Compared to clopidogrel, ticagrelor reduced the risk of MACE in both women and men (RR of 0.84 (95% CI: 0.72-0.97 p=0.02) and 0.83 (95% CI: 0.75-0.92, p=0.0003) respectively). Prasugrel was shown to benefit only men, RR of 0.80 (95% CI:0.73-0.88, p<0.00001) and not women, RR of 0.93 (95% CI:0.82-1.06). When indirectly comparing ticagrelor to prasugrel, no statistically significant difference was observed in either women or men, with a RR of 0.90 (95% CI:0.74-1.10) and 1.05 (95% CI:0.91-1.20) respectively. Review of bleeding profile showed that when compared to placebo, clopidogrel was associated with a significant higher rate of major bleeding in women alone. However, neither sex demonstrated an increased bleeding risk when on ticagrelor versus clopidogrel. Sex specific data for bleeding was not available for prasugrel. (Figure Presented) Conclusions: In summary, P2Y12 inhibitors reduce MACE in women and men. Ticagrelor was superior to clopidogrel in both sexes, but prasugrel showed a statistically significant benefit only in men. However indirect comparison does not demonstrate superiority of ticagrelor over prasugrel in either women or men. ER  - 
A network meta-analysis comparing cangrelor, prasugrel, ticagrelor, and clopidogrel in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Background: Dual anti-platelet therapy remains a cornerstone in pharmacotherapy for percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) and is critical in prevention of ischemic events. However, newer P2Y12 inhibitors have more rapid onset of platelet inhibition compared with clopidogrel, especially the intravenous P2Y12 inhibitor cangrelor. Direct comparisons between cangrelor and the newer P2Y12 inhibitors such as ticagrelor and prasugrel do not exist. Purpose: We performed a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCT) to compare clinical outcomes for studies comparing cangrelor, ticagrelor, prasugrel, and clopidogrel. Methods: MEDLINE/PubMed and ClinicalTrials.gov were searched for RCTs that compared clinical outcomes of at least two P2Y12 inhibitors including cangrelor, clopidogrel, prasugrel, and ticagrelor. Network meta-analysis with a Bayesian approach was performed to directly and indirectly compare the effects of the aforementioned P2Y12 inhibitors on clinical outcomes including death, cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, stent thrombosis, major bleeding, and minor bleeding. Odds ratios with credible intervals (OR [CrIs]) were generated with random-effects models to compare outcomes. Results: This analysis included 18 RCTs with 45,991 patients randomized to cangrelor (n=12,561), clopidogrel (n=22,908), prasugrel (n=3,664), and ticagrelor (n=6,858). Patients had a mean age of 63±10, 74% were male, 73% were hypertensive, 20% had a prior MI, and 82% of patients underwent PCI for acute coronary syndrome. Comparison between the newer P2Y12 therapies with clopidogrel can be found in Figure 1. No significant differences between cangrelor and clopidogrel were found with respect to death (OR 0.78 [95% CrI 0.28-2.22]), cardiovascular death (OR 1.01 [CrI 0.24-4.13]), subsequent MI (OR 0.94 [CrI 0.73-1.20]), stroke (OR 1.11 [CrI 0.25-4.72]), stent thrombosis (OR 0.94 [CrI 0.35-2.67]), major bleeding (OR 0.95 [CrI 0.45-1.89]), and minor bleeding (OR 1.02 [CrI 0.25-3.08]). Rank probability data suggested that ticagrelor and prasugrel were better than cangrelor for reducing ischemic events, though these differences were not significant. Conclusion: Cangrelor does not significantly reduce the risk of death, cardiovascular death, MI, stroke, stent thrombosis, and major or minor bleeding after PCI compared to clopidogrel, prasugrel, or ticagrelor. Despite rapid platelet inhibition provided by cangrelor, newer oral P2Y12 inhibitors such as ticagrelor and prasugrel have comparable clinical outcomes. ER  - 
Role of clopidogrel loading dose in patients undergoing transcatheter aortic valve implantation: Results from the BRAVO-3 randomized trial$$$ Background: P2Y12-inhibitor initiation using clopidogrel loading dose (LD) vs no loading dose (NLD) provides more rapid and potent inhibition of platelet activation and reduced risk of ischaemic events following coronary stenting Purpose: Evaluate the effect of clopidogrel LD on outcomes in patients (pts) undergoing transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI) Methods: The BRAVO-3 trial randomized 802 pts with severe aortic stenosis undergoing transfemoral TAVI to intra-procedure anticoagulation with bivalirudin or heparin; random treatment assignment did not affect 48-h or 30-day outcomes Major adverse cardiac events (MACE) were defined as the composite of death myocardial infarction or stroke, and net adverse cardiac events (NACE) as MACE or BARC ≥3b bleeding Results: Patients were stratified according to receiving clopidogrel LD (n=294 36.6%) or NLD (n=508, 63.4%) before TAVI. Characteristics of both groups were similar, but prior CABG was more common and atrial fibrillation less common in the LD group. Among pts on a LD, 83/294 (28.2%) were on maintenance vs 167/505 (33.1%) in the NLD group. In total, 74.6% (n=595) were recommended a daily dose until 30 days. Comparison between bivalirudin and heparin according to clopidogrel LD did not show significant differences in outcomes. Conclusions: In pts undergoing TAVI, use of clopidogrel LD is associated with increased vascular complications without significant decreased ischaemic events. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Composite of platelet receptors genes and cytochrome p450 genes polymorphisms is the possible predictor of cardiovascular events after coronary artery bypass grafting$$$ Background: The identification of cardiovascular events (CVE) predictors after coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) remains up-to-date. Purpose: To investigate the association of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs): rs2046934, rs1126643, rs5918, rs6065, rs4244285; rs4986893 with CVE in patients after CABG. Methods: 130 patients with stable angina grades II-IV were enrolled. After CABG 69 patients were receiving ASA (100 mg of enteric form), 61 patients were receiving dual antiplatelet therapy (enteric form ASA 100 mg + clopidogrel 75 mg). Mean follow up period was equal 10,9±5,2 months. The primary end point included the composite of all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction (MI), ischemic stroke. The control group included 185 healthy volunteers. Platelet function was evaluated using light transmission aggregometry (Chronolog 490, USA) with ADP (5μM) and arachidonic acid (1 mM). The following single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were identified by real-time PCR or PCI with electrophoretic detection: rs2046934 (H1/H2) on P2RY12 [encoding platelet ADP receptor] (n=100); rs1126643 (C807T, Phe224Phe) on ITGA2 [encoding collagen receptor] (n=87); rs5918 (176 T→C, Leu33Pro) on ITGB3 [encoding fibrinogen receptor) (n=91); rs6065 (Thr145Met) on GP1BA [encoding platelet receptor for Von Willebrand factor] (n=114); rs4244285 (∗2) (n=84) and rs4986893 (∗3) (n=83) on CYP2C19 [encoding cytochrome P450 activity]. Results: The prevalence of SNPs rs5918, rs6065, rs4244285, rs4986893, rs2046934 did not differ significantly between patients and healthy volunteers. The mutant allele (T) of ITGA2 was detected more often in healthy volunteers: 67,2% vs 51,7% (p=0,021). Before and after CABG there was no significant difference in the platelet aggregation between carries of the mutant ITGA2 allele and non-carries. During follow-up period 12 CVE were registered: 3 strokes, 6 MI, 3 deaths. Patients with composite mutant alleles of ITGB3+CYP2C19∗2 or CYP2C19∗2+ITGA2, and with the mutant allele (∗2) of CYP2C19 met end points more often than patients with other gene combinations (wild type homozygotes, presence of one mutant allele of ITGB3 or ITGA2, the composite of mutant alleles of ITGB3+ITGA2 or ITGB3+ITGA2+ CYP2C19∗2) (HR=4, 95% CI: 2,19-7,29, p=0,008). Carriers of ITGB3 mutant allele showed higher AA-induced platelet reactivity values on the 1st-3rd day after CABG. Amplitude of platelet aggregation in mutant allele carriers was 27,5% vs 12,7% in wild type (p=0.016). No differences in platelet reactivity among carriers of other mentioned mutant alleles and wild types were observed. Conclusion(s): Carriage of the combination of mutant alleles ITGB3+ CYP2C19∗2 or CYP2C19∗2+ITGA2 or CYP2C19∗2 is possible predictor of CVE in patients after CABG. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of novel P2Y12 inhibitors in acute coronary syndrome patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: One-year outcomes from the GReekAntiPlatelet Registry (GRAPE)$$$ Background: Long-term efficacy and safety data in “real life” ACS-PCI cohort treated with clopidogrel, prasugrel or ticagrelor are scarce. Methods: In a prospective, multicenter, observational study 2047 patients were recruited and were followed-up until 1 year for major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE, composite of death, non fatal myocardial infarction, urgent revascularization and stroke) and bleeding events [Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) classification]. Results: Exposure to clopidogrel, prasugrel and ticagrelor at PCI hospital occurred in 959, 363 and 717 patients respectively. After adjustment, MACE rate was lower in prasugrel (4.4%) vs clopidogrel (10.1%) treated patients [HR, 95% CI, 0.53 (0.30-0.93), p=0.03], though not significantly different between ticagrelor (6.8%) and clopidogrel groups [HR (95% CI) 0.80 (0.56-1.15), p=0.2]. BARC any type bleeding was more frequent in prasugrel (51.2%) vs clopidogrel (37.6%) [HR (95% CI) 1.62 (1.34-1.95)] and in ticagrelor (56.9%) vs clopidogrel treated patients [HR (95% CI) 1.82 (1.57-2.11)], p<0.001. BARC type ≥3 bleeding did not differ significantly among the 3 P2Y12 receptor antagonists used. After adjustment, death rate was reduced by novel agents vs clopidogrel, 2.9% vs 6.2%, p=0.03. Conclusions: In real-word ACS/PCI patients, prasugrel seems to offer better antiischemic protection than clopidogrel, while use of both novel agents is accompanied by more frequent bleeding events. ER  - 
P2Y12 platelet receptor inhibition and risk of ischemic stroke after coronary drug-eluting stents: The ADAPT-DES study$$$ Background: The association between P2Y12 platelet receptor inhibition with clopidogrel and risk for ischemic cerebrovascular events in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with drug-eluting stents (DES) is unclear. Purpose: We investigated the association between platelet reactivity on clopidogrel and the risk of ischemic stroke (IS) after successful DES PCI. Methods: Patients from the ADAPT-DES study were categorized by IS occurrence at 2 years. Platelet reactivity on clopidogrel was assessed by means of VerifyNow point-of-care assay after successful PCI. We estimated the incidence of stroke in patients with or without platelet reactive units (PRU) >208 by the Kaplan-Meier method. We estimated the adjusted association between IS and PRU >208 by Cox proportional hazards regression and identified the PRU cutoff associated with the best sensitivity and specificity (highest Youden index) by receiver operating curve analysis (ROC). The association between IS and 2-year all-cause mortality was estimated by entering IS as a time-varying covariate in a multivariable Cox-regression model. Results: Out of 8,582 patients enrolled in ADAPT-DES study, 68 had an IS. Patients who had a stroke were older and were affected by a greater number of cardiovascular and non-cardiovascular comorbidities. Two-year rates of stroke in patients with or without PRU >208 are illustrated in Figure. By multivariable Cox regression analysis, PRU >208 was independently associated with increased risk of IS (adjusted hazard ratio [HR]: 1.81; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.08-3.04; p=0.03). ROC analysis identified a PRU >202 as the best cutoff for IS (66% sensitivity and 55% specificity). The association of PRU >202 was similar in magnitude to that of PRU >208 (Adjusted HR: 1.96; 95% CI: 1.15-3.33; p=0.01). Following adjustment for baseline confounders IS was strongly associated with 2-year allcause mortality (adjusted HR: 4.16; 95% CI: 1.95-8.87; p<0.0001). Conclusions: Clopidogrel hypo-responsiveness is independently associated with increased risk of IS after successful DES PCI. The anti-ischemic benefits of enhanced and/or prolonged platelet inhibition possibly extend beyond the coronary vasculature to the cerebral arterial system. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Ticagrelor improves peripheral arterial function in acute coronary syndrome patients: Relationship with adenosine plasma level$$$ Background: Ticagrelor a P2 Y12 receptor antagonist reduced significantly the incidence of major cardiovascular events in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) compared with standard treatment with clopidogrel. This benefit effect may be accounted by pleiotropic properties via a purinergic mechanism. Indeed, ticagrelor increases endogenous adenosine plasma level (APL). However the link between this “pleiotropic” property and the improvement in microvascular dysfunction (MiD) remains poorly investigated. Purpose: This study aimed to determine whether the increase of APL achieved with ticagrelor might improve endothelial dysfunction in primary ACS patients. Methods: We prospectively randomized 60 primary ACS patients to receive ticagrelor (loading dose 180 mg followed by 90 mg twice a day) or clopidogrel (loading dose 600 mg followed by 75 mg daily). In addition all patients received 250 mg followed by 75 mg daily of aspirin. Exclusion criteria were NYHA≥III, cardiac arrest, contra-indications to antiplatelet therapy, treatment with a P2Y12-ADP receptor antagonist for <1 month, a platelet count <100 g/l, history of bleeding diathesis, history stroke, recent surgery (preceding month), use of medication having known interference with ticagrelor, and bradycardia. Blood samples were collected in basal conditions (just before the primary loading dose) and after 30 days of treatment. To assess the MiD, we performed digital peripheral artery tonometry (PAT), at the same time to evaluate reactive hyperemia index (RHI). Endothelial dysfunction was suspected if RHI <1.67. Results: In basal conditions, all the patients presented Mid (RHI<1,67, mean 1.37±0.12). APL and RHI (see figure) were not different between the two groups of patients. At day 30, APL increased significantly only in the ticagrelor group. The APL was more than 2-fold higher in patients taking ticagrelor than in patients taking clopidogrel. After 30 days, mean RHI increased weakly (mean +15%) in the clopidogrel group and strongly (+100%) in the ticagrelor group. We found a correlation between the increase in APL and the increase in RHI in the ticagrelor group. No ischemic or bleeding events were recorded within 1 month. Treatment with ticagrelor improves peripheral arterial function compared to clopidogrel. Endothelial function responds to ticagrelor therapy within 30 days, long before the effects on clinical outcomes are seen. The underlying mechanism seems to be the APL increase. It was shown that ticagrelor dose dependently increased adenosinemediated coronary blood flow in healthy human subjects. These effects occur mostly via the activation of A2A adenosine receptors. Conclusions: Here we found that ticagrelor induces an increase in APL which correlates with the increase in RHI. Because low RHI is associated with higher adverse rate during follow-up our study led to the hypothesis that adenosinemediated effects of ticagrelor may explain the accuracy of the PLATO mortality data. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Results of genotype guided antiplatelet therapy in patients undergone percutaneous coronary intervention with stent$$$ Background: Clopidogrel has provided beneficial effects in acute coronary syndromes and percutaneous coronary intervention. Different polymorphisms have been associated with differences in clopidogrel response. The aim of this study was to check if CYP2C19/ABCB1-genotype-guided strategy reduces the rates of cardiovascular events. Methods: Experimental study included patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with stent. The prospective genotype-guided strategy (intervention group) was compared against a restrospective non-tailored strategy (control group). Primary efficacy endpoint was the composite of cardiovascular death, acute coronary syndrome or stroke during 12 months after intervention. Secondary end-point was to compare the efficacy of the different antiplatelet therapies used in genotyping conditions. Results: The study included a total of 719 patients undergone stent, more than 86% with acute coronary syndrome. The primary end-point occurred in 32 patients (10.1%) in the genotyping group and in 59 patients (14.1%) in the control group (HR 0.63, 95% CI 0.41 - 0.97, p=0.037). There was no difference in TIMI major and minor bleeding between the two groups (4.1% vs. 4.7%, HR 0.80, 95% CI 0.39- 1.63, p 0.55). In intervention group, there was no difference in the rate of events in patients treated with clopidogrel versus patients treated with other antiplatelet treatments (9.1% vs 11.5% p=0.44), or bleeding (3.7% vs 4.6%, p=0.69). Conclusion: Our results demonstrate that genotype-guided strategy reduces the rates of composite of cardiovascular death, acute coronary syndrome or stroke during 12 months after percutaneous coronary intervention compared to a nongenotype- guide strategy. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Impact of diabetes mellitus and chronic kidney disease on cardiovascular outcomes and platelet P2Y12 receptor antagonist effects in patients with acute coronary syndromes: Insights from the PLATO trial$$$ Background: Patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) are at increased risk of atherothrombotic events. Importantly, DM is a key risk factor for the development of chronic kidney disease (CKD), which further enhances the atherothrombotic risk. To date there are limited data from large cohorts specifically assessing cardiovascular outcomes in patients with DM and CKD. The ever growing prevalence of CKD in patients with DM underscores the need to define effective platelet inhibition strategies in these high-risk patients. Purpose: To assess clinical outcomes in patients enrolled in the PLATO trial according to the presence or absence of DM and CKD, as well as the differential effects of P2Y12 receptor antagonists (ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel) in these subgroups. Methods: Patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) enrolled in PLATO with available CKD and DM status at baseline (n=15108) were included in the analysis. CKD was defined as a creatinine clearance <60 mL/min. Diabetic status was assessed by the investigators at the time of randomisation. Patients were classified into four groups: no-CKD/no-DM (n=9142), CKD/no-DM (n=2160), no- CKD/DM (n=2748), and CKD/DM (n=1058). The primary efficacy endpoint was a composite of vascular death, myocardial infarction, and stroke. The primary safety endpoint was all major bleeding defined according to PLATO definition. Results: Patients with CKD/DM had a more than 3-fold higher incidence of the primary endpoint at 12 months compared with no-CKD/no-DM patients (23.3% vs. 7.1%, adjusted HR: 2.22; 95% CI: 1.88-2.63; p<0.001). Patients with CKD/no- DM (adjusted HR: 1.60; 95% CI: 1.37-1.86) and no-CKD/DM (adjusted HR: 1.34; 95% CI: 1.16-1.55) had an intermediate risk profile (See Kaplan-Meier plot). The same trend was shown for the individual components of the primary endpoint, including vascular death, and for major bleeding. As compared with clopidogrel, ticagrelor significantly reduced the incidence of the primary endpoint consistently across subgroups (p interaction=0.264). The absolute risk reduction with ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel was considerably higher in CKD/DM patients (11.26%), as compared with no-CKD/no-DM (1.37%) with an adjusted HR of 0.78; 95% CI: (0.61-1.01) (See Forest plot). Although the effects on major bleeding were consistent across subgroups (p interaction=0.288), there was no increased risk of major bleeding with ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel in the subgroup of patients with CKD/DM (27.4% vs. 26.9%; HR: 1.02; 95% CI: 0.75-1.40). Conclusions: ACS patients with DM and CKD are at markedly increased risk for long-term atherothrombotic events compared with patients without DM and CKD, as well as with those with only one of these risk factors. Although the ischemic benefit of ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel was consistent in all patient subgroups, the magnitude of benefit was enhanced according to the patient risk profile, without signals of increased risk of major bleeding. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
P2Y12 receptor antagonists: Which one to choose? A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Pharmacological properties of the currently available P2Y12 receptor antagonists differ significantly and lead to different degrees of platelets inhibition and cardiovascular outcomes. Methods: We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of the comparative effects of newer antiplatelet agents versus clopidogrel on major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, major bleeding and stent thrombosis, in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and/or undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Results: We identified 11 prospective randomized studies comparing newer antiplatelets to clopidogrel. The total number of participants included in meta-analysis was 70239. The total number of participants treated with clopidogrel was 34792 while 35447 patients were assigned to newer P2Y12 inhibitors, of which 29.4% received ticagrelor, 35.2% prasugrel and 35.4% were loaded with intravenous cangrelor. Ticagrelor use was associated with significantly reduced MACE, all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction and stent thrombosis and similar rates of stroke and major bleeding compared to clopidogrel in patients with ACS and/or PCI. Prasugrel use was associated with significantly lower rates of MACE, MI and stent thrombosis but significantly high rates of major bleeding and thus no all-cause mortality benefit compared to clopidogrel. Conclusion: Newer P2Y12 receptor antagonists are associated with better cardiovascular outcomes in patients with ACS and/or undergoing PCI. Prasugrel use resulted in higher major bleeding rates and no overall mortality benefit compared with clopidogrel. ER  - 
Clinical impact of an interaction between clopidogrel and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors$$$ Background: Clopidogrel is a pro-drug that requires activation by the cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzyme system. Patients receiving clopidogrel are often treated with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) for co-existing depression. SSRIs that inhibit the CYP2C19 enzyme have the potential to reduce the effectiveness of clopidogrel; however the clinical outcomes of this interaction have not been examined. Objectives: To assess clinical outcomes following initiation of clopidogrel among patients treated with an SSRI that inhibits CYP2C19. Methods: Using five US databases (1998-2013), we conducted a population-based cohort study of adults who initiated treatment with clopidogrel while treated with an SSRI. Patients were variable ratio matched by propensity score (PS) and followed for as long as they were exposed to both clopidogrel and the index SSRI group (CYP2C19- inhibiting SSRIs (fluoxetine and fluvoxamine) vs noninhibiting SSRIs) in the primary analysis and for 180 days (intention to treat approach) following clopidogrel initiation in a sensitivity analysis. Primary outcomes included a composite ischemic event (myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, or a revascularization procedure) and a composite major bleeding event (gastrointestinal bleed or hemorrhagic stroke). Results: The PS-matched cohort comprised 9,281 clopidogrel initiators on CYP2C19-inhibiting SSRIs and 44,278 patients treated with non-inhibiting SSRIs. As compared to those treated with a noninhibiting SSRI, patients on a CYP2C19-inhibiting SSRI had an increased risk of ischemic events (hazard ratio [HR], 1.12; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.01-1.24) following clopidogrel initiation. The increase in risk was more pronounced in patients 65 years of age and older (HR, 1.22; 95% CI, 1.00-1.48). The HR for major bleeding was 0.76 (95% CI, 0.50-1.17). Conclusions: Initiation of clopidogrel while treated with a CYP2C19-inhibiting SSRI may be associated with decreased effectiveness of clopidogrel. Treatment with an SSRI that does not interact with clopidogrel should be considered. ER  - 
Effects of CYP2C19 and ABCB1 gene polymorphisms on anti-platelet function of clopidogrel and recurrent vascular events in patients with acute ischemic stroke$$$ Objective: To evaluate the effects of the polymorphisms of CYP2C19, ABCB1 genes on the clopidogrel response and clinical vascular events in patients with acute ischemic stroke. Methods: We recruited 209 acute ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel from February 2012 to February 2014. The platelet inhibitive rate with clopidogrel treatment for 5 days was measured using thrombelastography. The CYP2C19*2/*3 and ABCB1 C3435T/T (-620) C genotypes were screened by the ligase detection reaction. The relationships between the gene polymorphisms and platelet inhibitive rate were analyzed with one-way analysis of variance and multivariate linear regression. The primary endpoint was the composite of vascular death, stroke recurrence and acute myocardial infarction. The associations between the genotype and primary endpoint were evaluated by the Kaplan-Meier method. The risk factors of the primary endpoint were analyzed by the Cox proportional hazards model. Results: The platelet inhibitive rate in patients with homozygous (IT) of ABCB1 C3435T (42.9%±14.2%) was significantly lower than that in patients with heterozygous (TC; 53.2%±21.3%) and wild-type genotypes (CC; 58.1%±21.2%; F=5.517, P=0.005). The platelet inhibitive rate in patients with CYP2C19 loss of function (LOF) alleles showed that the intermediate metabolized type (51.8%±25.4%) and chronic metabolized type (44.5%±22.6%) were lower than extensive metabolized type (59.3%±23.2%; F=4.278, P=0.015). However, there was no statistically significant difference among the subtypes of ABCB1 T (-620) C. Multivariable linear regression model demonstrated that the CYP2C19*2/*3 and ABCB1 C3435T polymorphisms were independently associated with the platelet inhibitive rate. In addition, the higher body mass index (>26 kg/m2) was significantly associated with lower platelet inhibitive rate. Kaplan-Meier analysis showed that the risks of primary endpoint increased in CYP2C19 LOF allele carrier during (9.5±5.2) months follow-up (χ2=4.842, P=0.028). The CYP2C19 gene polymorphisms and age were independent risk factors for primary endpoint in the final multivariate Cox regression model. There was no significant relationship between the polymorphisms of ABCB1 gene and the primary endpoint. Conclusion: For patients with acute ischemic stroke who carried CYP2C19 LOF alleles, the pestcide effect of clopidogrel was decreased and the risk of ischemic events was increased. ER  - 
Association between CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele status and efficacy of clopidogrel for risk reduction among patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack$$$ IMPORTANCE Data are limited regarding the association between CYP2C19 genetic variants and clinical outcomes of patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack treated with clopidogrel. OBJECTIVE To estimate the association between CYP2C19 genetic variants and clinical outcomes of clopidogrel-treated patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Three CYP2C19 major alleles (∗2, ∗3, ∗17)were genotyped among 2933 Chinese patients from 73 sites who were enrolled in the Clopidogrel in High-Risk Patients with Acute Nondisabling Cerebrovascular Events (CHANCE) randomized trial conducted from January 2, 2010, to March 20, 2012. INTERVENTIONS Patients with acute minor ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack in the trialwere randomized to treatment with clopidogrel combined with aspirin or to aspirin alone. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES The primary efficacy outcomewas new stroke. The secondary efficacy outcome was a composite of new composite vascular events (ischemic stroke, hemorrhagic stroke,myocardial infarction, or vascular death). Bleeding was the safety outcome. RESULTS Among 2933 patients, 1948 (66.4%) were men, with a mean age of 62.4 years. Overall, 1207 patients (41.2%) were noncarriers and 1726 patients (58.8%) were carriers of loss-of-function alleles (∗2, ∗3). After day 90 follow-up, clopidogrel-aspirin reduced the rate of new stroke in the noncarriers but not in the carriers of the loss-of-function alleles (P = .02for interaction; events among noncarriers, 41 [6.7%] with clopidogrel-aspirin vs 74 [12.4%] with aspirin; hazard ratio [HR], 0.51 [95%CI, 0.35-0.75]; events among carriers, 80 [9.4%] with clopidogrel-aspirin vs 94 [10.8%] with aspirin; HR, 0.93 [95%CI, 0.69 to 1.26]). Similar results were observed for the secondary composite efficacy outcome (noncarriers: 41 [6.7%] with clopidogrel-aspirin vs 75 [12.5%] with aspirin; HR, 0.50 [95%CI, 0.34-0.74]; carriers: 80 [9.4%] with clopidogrel-aspirin vs 95 [10.9%] with aspirin; HR, 0.92 [95%CI, 0.68-1.24]; P = .02 for interaction). The effect of treatment assignment on bleeding did not vary significantly between the carriers and the noncarriers of the loss-of-function alleles (2.3%for carriers and 2.5%for noncarriers in the clopidogrel-aspirin group vs 1.4%for carriers and 1.7% for noncarriers in the aspirin only group; P = .78 for interaction). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Among patients with minor ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack, the use of clopidogrel plus aspirin compared with aspirin alone reduced the risk of a new stroke only in the subgroup of patients who were not carriers of the CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles. These findings support a role of CYP2C19 genotype in the efficacy of this treatment. ER  - 
Platelet reactivity in patients undergoing transcatheter aortic valve implantation$$$ Thromboembolic events, primarily stroke, might complicate transcatheter aortic-valve implantation (TAVI) procedures in 3–5 % of cases. Thus, it is common to administer aspirin and clopidogrel pharmacotherapy for 3–6 months following TAVI in order to prevent those events. The biologic response to the dual anti platelet treatment (DAPT) is heterogeneous, e.g. low response, known as high on treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) may be associated with adverse thromboembolic events. Little is known about the prevalence of HTPR among patients undergoing TAVI. To assess the variability in response and rates of residual platelet reactivity in patients undergoing TAVI. We examined platelet reactivity in response to clopidogrel and aspirin in 40 consecutive patients (mean age 81.7 ± 6.5 years, 66.7 % women) who underwent successful TAVI using the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay and the multiple electrode aggregometry assay (Multiplate analyzer) in response to adenosine diphosphate and arachidonic acid respectively, at different time points before and following TAVI. Before TAVI, the majority of patients were on antiplatelet therapy (68.5 % aspirin, 12.5 % clopidogrel, 12.5 % DAPT). Following the procedure all patients were on DAPT or clopidogrel and warfarin. Among analyzed patients, 41 % had HTPR for clopidogrel and 12.5 % for aspirin at baseline, which did not significantly change 1-month following the procedure (p = 0.81 and p = 0.33, respectively). In conclusion, patients undergoing TAVI for severe aortic stenosis and treated with DAPT have high rates of residual platelet reactivity during the peri-procedural period and up to 1-month thereafter. These findings may have clinical implications for the anti-platelet management of TAVI patients. ER  - 
Associations of CYP3A4, NR1I2, CYP2C19 and P2RY12 polymorphisms with clopidogrel resistance in Chinese patients with ischemic stroke$$$ There is a high incidence of the antiplatelet drug clopidogrel resistance (CR) in Asian populations. Because clopidogrel is a prodrug, polymorphisms of genes encoding the enzymes involved in its biotransformation may be the primary influential factors. The goal of this study was to investigate the associations of polymorphisms of CYP3A4, NR1I2, CYP2C19 and P2RY12 genes with CR in Chinese patients with ischemic stroke. Methods: A total of 191 patients with ischemic stroke were enrolled. The patients were treated with clopidogrel for at least 5 days. Platelet function was measured by light transmission aggregometry. The SNPs NR1I2 (rs13059232), CYP3A4∗1G (rs2242480), CYP2C19∗2 (rs4244285) and P2RY12 (rs2046934) were genotyped. Results: The CR rate in this population was 36%. The CYP2C19∗2 variant was a risk factor for CR (∗2/∗2+wt/∗2 vs wt/wt, OR: 2.366, 95% CI: 1.180-4.741, P=0.014), whereas the CYP3A4∗1G variant had a protective effect on CR (1/1 vs1G/1G+1/1G, OR: 2.360, 95% CI: 1.247-4.468, P=0.008). The NR1I2 (rs13059232) polymorphism was moderately associated with CR (CC vs TT+TC, OR: 0.533, 95% CI: 0.286-0.991, P=0.046). The C allele in P2RY12 (rs2046934) was predicted to be a protective factor for CR (CC+TC vs TT, OR: 0.407, 95% CI: 0.191-0.867, P=0.018). In addition, an association was found between hypertension and CR (P=0.022). Conclusion: The individuals with both the CYP2C19 2 allele and hypertension are at high risk of CR during anti-thrombosis therapy. The CYP3A4 1G allele, P2RY12 (rs2046934) C allele and NR1I2 (rs13059232) CC genotype may be protective factors for CR. The associated SNPs studied may be useful to predict clopidogrel resistance in Chinese patients with ischemic stroke. ER  - 
Cigarette smoking might weaken the prognostic significance of cytochrome P450 2C19*2 polymorphism in acute myocardial infarction patients$$$ Prognostic significance of cytochrome P450 2C19*2 polymorphism in acute myocardial infarction is still not well investigated. The aim of the study was to determine the relationship between the genetic polymorphism and the outcome of the acute myocardial infarction patients, and to further clarify the impact of smoking on such relationship. Six hundred acute myocardial infarction patients were enrolled. All of them provided blood samples and underwent clopidogrel treatment. The genetic polymorphism was determined by polymerase chain reaction–restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis, and the platelet function was assessed using conventional aggregometry. Of the included patients, 287 carried GG wild-type genotypes, 225 carried GA genotypes and 88 carried AA genotypes. The platelet aggregation rate was significantly elevated in the AA genotype patients, mainly in the non-smoking patients (P < 0.001) and the former-smoking patients (P < 0.001). During 5-year follow-up period, after adjusted for multiple confounding factors, AA genotypes were associated with the increase in 5-year mortalities in the non-smoking patients [OR: 7.06, 95% confidence interval (CI): 2.16–11.49] and the former-smoking patients (OR: 4.38, 95% CI: 1.05–9.40), but not in the current-smoking patients (OR: 1.12, 95% CI: 0.60–2.31). In conclusion, the study suggested a potential role of P450 2C19*2 polymorphism as a prognostic indicator in acute myocardial infarction patients. We had also obtained some evidence that current smoking might weaken the prognostic significance of the genetic polymorphism in patients. ER  - 
Relationship between low response to clopidogrel and periprocedural ischemic events with coil embolization for intracranial aneurysms$$$ Objectives Low response to antiplatelet drugs is one of the risk factors for ischemic events. We examined the influence of low response to clopidogrel on symptomatic ischemic events and new ischemic MRI lesions with endovascular intracranial aneurysmal coil embolization. Materials and methods Between August 2010 and July 2013, 189 procedures in 181 consecutive patients who underwent endovascular coiling and received clopidogrel before treatment were investigated retrospectively. Platelet aggregation activity was examined by VerifyNow analysis. Low response to clopidogrel was defined as P2Y12 reaction units ≥230 in this study. Symptomatic ischemic complications within 30days and postoperative new ischemic lesions on MRI-diffusion weighted imaging were evaluated. Results 66 of 189 (34.9%) cases were low responders to clopidogrel. Ischemic complications occurred in 2 of 66 (3.0%) low responders compared with 6 of 123 (4.9%) responders (p=0.72). A new high intensity spot larger than 5mm was significantly more frequent in low responders (26 of 66; 39.4%) than in responders (26 of 121; 21.2%; p=0.01). On multivariate analysis, independent risk factors for larger new ischemic lesions were low response to clopidogrel, smokers, posterior location, and aneurysms with a larger neck. Conclusions Low response to clopidogrel had little effect on clinical outcome although it increased asymptomatic large ischemic lesions in this cohort. ER  - 
The influence of pharmacogenetics on the time to acute coronary syndrome recurrence in a UK cohort study$$$ Coronary heart disease is a major global public health burden. It is a recurrent disease that is treated by multiple drugs, including aspirin, clopidogrel, statins, beta-blockers, ACE inhibitors and aldosterone antagonist. There is significant inter-patient variability in the response to cardiovascular drugs, which may have a heritable basis. We have therefore undertaken a genome-wide association study to identify loci associated with response to cardiovascular drugs in 1470 patients recruited to a UK prospective pharmacogenetic study of acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Index hospital admission was defined non-ST elevation acute coronary syndrome. Patients were treated with a range of cardiovascular drugs and followed up prospectively for up to 5 years. Despite treatment, approximately 15% of patients had recurrence of ACS during the following up, defined by myocardial infarction (MI), stroke or cardiovascular death. We began by considering clinical risk factors for response to cardiovascular drugs (time to recurrence of ACS) in a Cox proportional hazard regression framework. Several risk factors were nominally related (p < 0.05): age (p = 8.9 × 10-16), body mass index (p = 0.010), prior MI (p = 1.1 × 10-7), ACE inhibitor use pre-admission (p = 0.0050), and aldosterone antagonist use (p = 0.011). Patients were genotyped using the lllumina Omni Express array. After quality control, the genotype scaffold was imputed up to the 1000 Genomes Phase I reference panel (all ancestries, March 2012 release). We tested for the association of SNPs with time to event under an additive dosage model after adjusting for the clinical factors identified above and principal components to account for population structure. We identified a genotyped intronic variant (rs2660044) in the CTNNA3 gene with strong evidence of association: minor allele frequency 0.15, hazard ratio (95% confidence interval) 2.55 (1.73-3.77), p = 1.0 × 10-7. This gene encodes a protein that plays a role in cell-cell adhesion in muscle cells. Mutations in this gene are associated with arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia, familial 13. Our study highlights that variants mapping to CTNNA3 are associated with response to cardiovascular drugs in ACS recurrence time. ER  - 
Anticoagulant and antiplatelet prescribing patterns for patients with atrial fibrillation after percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Background: Current guidelines recommend triple antithrombotic therapy (TAT), defined as acetylsalicylic acid (ASA), clopidogrel, and warfarin, for patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation who have undergone percutaneous coronary intervention with stent implantation. The choice of anticoagulant/antiplatelet therapy in this population is ambiguous and complex, and prescribing patterns are not well documented. Objective: To characterize local prescribing patterns for anticoagulant/ antiplatelet therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation. Methods: A chart review was conducted at a single quaternary cardiology centre. Patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation were identified via medical records, and those who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention were identified using a local clinical patient registry. Adult inpatients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation and a CHADS2 score (based on congestive heart failure, hypertension, age ? 75 years, diabetes mellitus, prior stroke) of 1 or higher who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention from 2011 to 2013 were included. Patients undergoing cardiovascular surgery or transcatheter aortic valve replacement, those with mechanical devices requiring anticoagulation, and those with an allergy to any component of TAT were excluded. Results: Seventy patients were included. The median age was 75 years, and 52 (74%) were men. At discharge, 30 (43%) were receiving TAT and 27 (39%) were receiving dual antiplatelet therapy (clopidogrel and ASA). No patients received the combination of warfarin and clopidogrel. Among those who received TAT, 90% (19 of 21) who received a bare metal stent had a recommended duration of 1 month, and 75% (6 of 8) who received a drug-eluting stent had a recommended duration of 1 year. Direct-acting oral anticoagulants with 2 antiplatelet drugs were prescribed for 9% (6 of 70) of the patients, and 10% (7 of 70) received ticagrelor and ASA with or without warfarin. Overall, the combination of ASA, oral anticoagulant, and P2Y12 inhibitor was used for 54% (38/70) of the patients. Conclusions: Fewer than half of the patients in this study received TAT, and almost 20% received non-evidence-based therapy with a direct-acting oral anticoagulant or ticagrelor, alone or in combination. Despite current guideline recommendations, the rate of TAT utilization was lower than rates reported in the literature. ER  - 
SUCCESSFUL FLOW DIVERSION OF CEREBRAL ANEURYSMS IN PLAVIX HYPORESPONDERS (PRU > 200): AN ARGUMENT FOR ANTIPLATELET MONOTHERAPY?$$$ Introduction Endovascular aneurysm treatment by flow diversion has classically relied on dual anti-platelet therapy with Aspirin and Plavix to reduce thrombotic complications. The heterogenous Plavix response of patients has made P2Y12 testing increasingly popular. Plavix hyporesponders (defined as PRU ≥ 200) are often re-dosed with Plavix or switched to alternate anti-platelet regimens. However, little clinical validation exists for these practices, and they might actually increase risks of hemorrhagic complications. We sought to evaluate periprocedural outcomes following flow diversion in patients maintained on standard Aspirin and Plavix regimens with PRU ≥ 200. Methods A single-center prospectively collected aneurysm database was reviewed for adult patients on standard dual antiplatelet regimens (Aspirin 325 mg + Plavix 75 mg daily) who underwent endovascular embolization of ICA and proximal ACA/Acom aneurysms with the Pipeline Embolization Device (PED). Patients with pre-embolization P2Y12 testing and PRU level ≥200 were included. Results 49 patients (mean age 56, 74% women) met inclusion criteria. Forty-seven (96%) patients had a single aneurysm treated, and 2 (4%) had 2 aneurysms treated; 84% of aneurysms were on the ICA and 16% on the ACA (Acom and A1- 2). Aneurysm size ranged from 2-28 mm. PED length ranged from 10-35 mm. Pre-procedure PRU levels ranged from 200 to 361. RePro was administered in 5/49 (10%) cases, with platelet plug visualized in 4/49 cases (8%). Four patients (8%) had transient neurological deficits (resolved completely during hospital stay), with only 1 of these requiring ReoPro during the procedure. No patients had major or minor permanent strokes, and no patients had hemorrhagic complications. Conclusions Hyporesponse to Plavix (PRU ≥ 200) is not a contraindication to aneurysm treatment with the PED in patients on a standard dual antiplatelet regimen of Aspirin 325 mg and Plavix 75 mg daily. These data suggest a diminutive role of Plavix in preventing thrombotic complications during these procedures. ER  - 
State of affairs: Design and structure-activity relationships of reversible P2Y12 receptor antagonists$$$ Myocardial infarction and stroke are the most common causes of mortality and morbidity in the developed world. Therefore the search for antiplatelet therapy has been in focus for the last decades, in particular the search for new P2Y12R antagonists. The first P2Y12R drug developed, clopidogrel, is a major success but there is still room for improvement with respect to bleeding profile and non-responders. These liabilities could be due to the fact that clopidogrel is a pro-drug and upon activation binds covalently to the receptor. Therefore a lot of effort has gone into identifying reversible inhibitors. One recent example is ticagrelor, which in clinical studies have been shown to be safer and even reduce rate of death from vascular events as compared head to head with clopidogrel. We here review the medicinal chemistry strategies used in the design of new reversible P2Y12R antagonists. In addition, we also present structure based design studies based on the recently published agonist and antagonist X-ray structures of P2Y12R. ER  - 
High-dose clopidogrel versus ticagrelor for treatment of acute coronary syndromes after percutaneous coronary intervention in CYP2C19 intermediate or poor metabolizers: a prospective, randomized, open-label, single-centre trial$$$ Objective The present study was designed to compare the outcome and safety of dual antiplatelet therapies (DAPTs) in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) (intermediate metabolizers [IM] or poor metabolizers [PM]) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods and results From September 20, 2013, to June 8, 2014, the study enrolled 329 patients with ACS scheduled for PCI. Of these, 181 (55%) patients with IM or PM were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive either high-dose clopidogrel or ticagrelor. The high-dose clopidogrel group received a 600-mg loading dose (LD) and finally 75 mg QD, and the ticagrelor group received 180 mg LD following 90 mg b.i.d. After 6 months of DAPT, the primary end point (composition of death, stroke, recurrent myocardial infarction [MI], and stent thrombosis) occurred in 4.4% of patients receiving ticagrelor compared with 20.0% of those receiving high-dose clopidogrel (P <0.001). Survival probability analysis revealed a higher survival rate with ticagrelor (95% survival probability) than with clopidogrel (87% survival probability), indicating that the incidence rate of death, stroke, and recurrent MI is lower with ticagrelor than with clopidogrel (HR 2.54; 95% CI: 0.89 to 7.21; P= 0.07). Although the rates of major or minor bleeding event were high in the clopidogrel vs ticagrelor groups, they did not differ significantly. Dyspnoea and hyperuricaemia were more commonly observed in the ticagrelor group than the high-dose clopidogrel group (4.5% vs 3.8%, P= 0.03; 1.1% vs 7.7%, P < 0.001). Conclusion Ticagrelor is a more efficacious and safer treatment option in IM or PM patients with ACS compared with high-dose clopidogrel. ER  - 
Targeting thrombin long-term after an acute coronary syndrome: Opportunities and challenges$$$ Patients after an acute coronary syndrome (ACS) are at increased risk of recurrent thrombotic events, justifying the search for additional antithrombotic treatments. The pathophysiology of ACS involves arterial thrombus formation, in turn occurring because of a combination of platelet activation and fibrin formation, with thrombin playing a key role in both. Antiplatelet therapy, targeting the thromboxane pathway and the ADP P2Y12 receptor has been widely accepted for secondary prevention after an ACS. Now, data from recent clinical trials in such patients also encourage the pursuit of inhibiting thrombin formation or thrombin-mediated platelet activation in addition to antiplatelet therapy. This "triple pathway inhibition", including inhibition of thrombin activity or thrombin receptor(s), is currently an option in pure ACS, but already a must in the setting of ACS accompanied by atrial fibrillation (AF), where anticoagulants have been shown to be much more effective than antiplatelet agents in preventing stroke. We here discuss the challenges of managing combined thrombin activity or receptor inhibition and antiplatelet therapy in all such patients. Translating this into practice still requires further studies and patient tailoring to fully exploit its potential. ER  - 
Protocol for the comparison of triflusal and clopidogrel in secondary prevention of stroke based on cytochrome P450 2C19 genotyping (MASETRO study): A multicenter, randomized, open-label, parallel-group trial$$$ Rationale and aim: The antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel is reportedly influenced by cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) polymorphisms. However, there is no data concerning the relationship between stroke recurrence and CYP2C19 polymorphisms in patients treated with clopidogrel for secondary prevention of ischemic stroke. Triflusal may be an alternative therapy for clopidogrel in patients with poor genotype. The Comparison of Triflusal and Clopidogrel Effects in Secondary Prevention of Stroke Based on Cytochrome P450 2C19 Genotyping (MAESTRO) study will investigate the effect of antiplatelet agents based on CYP2C19 polymorphisms in secondary prevention of ischemic stroke. Sample size and design: Assuming that 55% of patients belong to the poor genotype group, the required sample size is 1080 patients with at least 24 months of follow-up. This study is designed as a prospective, multicenter, randomized, parallel-group, open-label, and blind genotype trial. Patients who experience their first non-cardiogenic ischemic stroke within 30 days prior to screening are eligible. Patients received 300 mg triflusal twice a day or 75 mg clopidogrel once daily during the trial. The study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT01174693). Study outcome: The primary outcome is recurrent ischemic stroke or hemorrhagic stroke. Secondary outcomes consist of composite major vascular events including stroke, myocardial infarction, coronary revascularization, or vascular death. Discussion: Personalized medicine may be essential for patients according to individual drug metabolism abilities. MAESTRO is the first prospective study designed to evaluate the effect of CYP2C19 polymorphism in secondary stroke prevention and will resolve several questions regarding preventive antiplatelet agents for recurrent stroke. ER  - 
CYP2C19 and CES1 polymorphisms and efficacy of clopidogrel and aspirin dual antiplatelet therapy in patients with symptomatic intracranial atherosclerotic disease$$$ Objective Symptomatic intracranial atherosclerotic disease (ICAD) has a high risk of recurrent stroke. Genetic polymorphisms in CYP2C19 and CES1 are associated with adverse outcomes in cardiovascular patients, but have not been studied in ICAD. The authors studied CYP2C19 and CES1 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in symptomatic ICAD patients. methods Genotype testing for CYP2C19∗2, ∗3, ∗8, ∗17 and CES1 G143E was performed on 188 adult symptomatic ICAD patients from 3 medical centers who were medically managed with clopidogrel and aspirin. Testing was performed prospectively at 1 center, and retrospectively from a DNA sample biorepository at 2 centers. Multiple logistic regression and Cox regression analysis were performed to assess the association of these SNPs with the primary endpoint, which was a composite of transient ischemic attack (TIA), stroke, myocardial infarction, or death within 12 months. results The primary endpoint occurred in 14.9% of the 188 cases. In multiple logistic regression analysis, the presence of the CYP2C19 loss of function (LOF) alleles ∗2, ∗3, and ∗8 in the medically managed patients was associated with lower odds of primary endpoint compared with wild-type homozygotes (odds ratio [OR] 0.13, 95% CI 0.03-0.62, p = 0.0101). Cox regression analysis demonstrated the CYP2C19 LOF carriers had a lower risk for the primary endpoint, with hazard ratio (HR) of 0.27 (95% CI 0.08-0.95), p = 0.041. A sensitivity analysis of a secondary composite endpoint of TIA, stroke, or death demonstrated a significant trend in multiple logistic regression analysis of CYP2C19 variants, with lower odds of secondary endpoint in patients carrying at least 1 LOF allele (∗2, ∗3, ∗8) than in wild-type homozygotes (OR 0.27, 95% CI 0.06-1.16, p = 0.078). Cox regression analysis demonstrated that the carriers of CYP2C19 LOF alleles had a lower risk for the secondary composite endpoint (HR 0.22, 95% CI 0.05-1.04, p = 0.056). coNclusioNs This is the first study examining genetic variants and their effects in symptomatic ICAD. Variant alleles of CYP2C19 (∗2, ∗3, ∗8) were associated with lower odds of the primary and secondary composite endpoints. However, the direction of the association was opposite of what is expected based on this SNP. This may reflect an incomplete understanding of this genetic variation and its effect in symptomatic ICAD and warrants further investigations. ER  - 
Coronary thrombus in 34-year-old female patient with 4G/4G polymorphism in the PAI-1 gene$$$ Genetic factors and hypofibrinolytic state may contribute to the likelihood of developing in myocardial infarction (MI) in young women rather than traditional risk factors. High plasminogen-activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) level and PAI-1 gene polymorphism have been shown to be associated with thrombotic events such as myocardial infarction, deep venous thrombosis, and stroke. We determined 4G/4G polymorphism in a 34-year-old female patient with subacute anterior myocardial infarction and coronary thrombus in left anterior descending artery on coronary angiogram. ER  - 
CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles are not associated with clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in patients treated with newer-generation drug-eluting stents$$$ CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles adversely affect clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy. Recent introduction of a newer-generation drug-eluting stent (DES) has significantly reduced the occurrence of stent thrombosis. The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of CYP2C19 LOF alleles on clinical outcome in patients treated with the newer-generation DES. The effects of CYP2C19 genotypes were evaluated on clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in 2062 patients treated with percutaneous coronary intervention using either first-generation DES (sirolimus- and paclitaxel-eluting stent, n = 1349) or newer-generation DES (everolimus- and zotarolimus-eluting stent, n = 713). The primary clinical outcome was major cardiac and cerebrovascular event (MACCE) including cardiac death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, stroke, and stent thrombosis during 1 year of follow-up. CYP2C19 LOF alleles were significantly associated with a higher risk of MACCE in patients treated with first-generation DES (hazard ratio [HR] 2.599, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.047-6.453; P = 0.034). In contrast, CYP2C19 LOF alleles were not associated with primary outcome in newer-generation DES (HR 0.716, 95% CI 0.316-1.622; P = 0.522). In the further multivariate analysis, CYP2C19 LOF alleles were not associated with MACCE in patients receiving newer-generation DES (adjusted HR 0.540, 95% CI 0.226-1.291; P = 0.166), whereas they were demonstrated to be an independent risk factor for MACCE in those implanted with first-generation DES (adjusted HR 3.501, 95% CI 1.194-10.262; P = 0.022). In contradiction to their clinical impact in first-generation DES era, CYP2C19 LOF alleles may not affect clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in patients treated with newer-generation DES. ER  - 
Mid-term on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity (PR) and long-term adverse events in patients on prolonged dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT)$$$ Introduction: According to the most recent US and European PCI guidelines, P2Y12 receptor inhibitor therapy is not generally recommended beyond 1 year in patients previously underwent PCI with drug-eluting stents(DES). On the contrary, in clinical practice, there are still unmet needs to overcome residual ischemic burden by prolonged DAPT with clopidogrel on top of aspirin in high-risk patient subset. However, there are few studies assessing the risk of the patients on prolonged DAPT. Objectives: To evaluate the association between mid-term(at 1 year) on-clopidogrel PR in patients with DES and long-term adverse events. Methods: We measured platelet reactivity (PR) by P2Y12 reaction unit(PRU) values derived from VerifyNow P2Y12 assay (Accriva, USA) at 1 year after index PCI. The high on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity (HPR) was defined as PRU>208. The ischemic and bleeding events were compared according to HPR and non-HPR status at mid-term. The ischemic events composed of death, myocardial infarction(MI), stroke or transient ischemic attack(TIA). The bleeding event was defined as any bleeding according to Bleeding Academic Research Consortium(BARC) classification. Baseline characteristics, laboratory parameters and angiographic data are also analyzed. Results: A total of 344 patients(mean age 61.6 years, M:F=250:94) previously underwent DES-based PCI 1 year ago has been entered to this study. Duration of event follow-up was 47.2 months. There showed no difference in the rate of death and stroke/TIA between HPR and non-HPR groups(0.5% vs 0%, p>0.99; 0.5% vs 1.5%; p=0.58, respectively). However, there was higher incidence of MI in HPR group as compared with non-HPR group(4.2% vs. 1.5%, p=0.04). On the contrary, the incidence of any-BARC bleeding was lower in HPR group than non-HPR group(0.5% vs. 6.9%, p<0.01). Conclusion: The mid-term platelet reactivity showed association with long-term ischemic and bleeding event, suggesting the possibility of its use as a prognostic marker in patients on prolonged DAPT. Further large-scale investigation is warranted. ER  - 
RISCLON-Risk of recurrent stroke in CLOpidogrel non-responders$$$ Background and aims: Antiplatelet treatment with Clopidogrel is a cornerstone in secondary stroke prevention. Studies in patients with cardiovascular disease indicate that some individuals (4-34%) have a poor response to Clopidogrel and have a higher risk of new cardiovascular events. This is never studied in ischemic stroke patients. We aim to evaluate if Clopidogrel non-responders have an increased risk of recurrent stroke. Methods: 196 patients with first-ever ischemic stroke on Clopidogrel 75mg/day is tested for their Clopidogrel response (PRU, Platelet Reaction Units) using the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay (Accumetrics, California) 2-4 weeks after treatment initiation. Included patients must have stroke lesions on CTC/MRI, perfusion deficit or clinically high suspicion of stroke. Follow-up every 3 months for 2 years in the outpatient clinic by a stroke physician to determine whether a new stroke has occurred. Both stroke physician and patients are blinded for the PRU result. At end of follow-up the PRU results are revealed and the number of non-responders (PRU >208) with a recurrent stroke or TIA (Transitoric Ischemic Attack) is compared to those without. Results: 66% of patients enrolled. Conclusion: Awaiting results. ER  - 
Pharmacological therapy following acute coronary syndromes in patients with atrial fibrillation: How do we balance Ischaemic risk with bleeding risk?$$$ BACKGROUND: Dual anti-platelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin and a P2Y12 receptor antagonist is standard of care following an acute coronary syndrome (ACS), as it has been shown to reduce recurrent myocardial infarction (MI) and death. In atrial fibrillation (AF) patients, the use of oral anticoagulants (OACs) is the standard of care as these agents have been shown to reduce the risk of stroke and death. Current guidelines suggest that decisions around antithrombotic therapy should be made by assessing ischaemic and bleeding risks. The aim of this study was to examine current pharmacotherapy of AF inpatients with ACS. METHODS: We prospectively enrolled ACS patients being managed invasively with a medical history of AF, or those in AF during admission ECG, from the pre-existing Wellington ACS registry. Enrolment criteria included pre-treatment on DAPT. Demographics, clinical characteristics, management, in-hospital outcomes and discharge medications were recorded. RESULTS: At discharge, only 11.8% of AF patients were prescribed an OAC and this was not related to risk of stroke (CHA2DS2-VASc score), bleeding (CRUSADE score) or any other clinical characteristics. However, discharge OAC use was associated with whether the patient was treated with an OAC at admission (OR 14, CI 3.4-58, p=0.001). DAPT was the default discharge treatment and occurred in 72% of AF patients. A moderate correlation between stroke risk and bleeding risk was identified (rs=0.68, p=0.01). A group of 44 (47%) patients were identified who were at high risk of stroke (CHA2DS2-VASc ≥2) and low risk of bleeding (CRUSADE score ≤30). CONCLUSION: At discharge we observed a very low rate of OAC prescription. Despite most AF patients being high risk for stroke, DAPT was the preferred treatment option. Our data suggests there is a group of patients with high stroke risk and relatively low bleeding risk, in who OAC use may be appropriate. Developing a guideline to assist clinicians in targeting this group of patients may help improve outcomes in AF patients following MI. ER  - 
P2Y12-ADP receptor antagonists: Days of future and past$$$ Antiplatelet therapy is the cornerstone of the therapeutic arsenal in coronary artery disease. Thanks to a better understanding in physiology, pharmacology and pharmacogenomics huge progress were made in the field of platelet reactivity inhibition thus allowing the expansion of percutaneous coronary intervention. Stent implantation requires the combination of two antiplatelet agents acting in a synergistic way. Asprin inhibit the cyclo-oxygenase pathway of platelet activation while clopidogrel is a P2Y12 adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-receptor antagonist. This dual antiplatelet therapy has dramatically improved the prognosis of stented patients. However, due to pharmacological limitations of clopidogrel (interindividual variability in its biological efficacy, slow onset of action, mild platelet reactivity inhibition) ischemic recurrences remained high following stent implantation especially in acute coronary syndrome patients. Thus, more potent P2Y12-ADP receptor inhibitors were developped including prasugrel, ticagrelor and more recently cangrelor to overcome these pitfalls. These new agents reduced the rate of thrombotic events in acute coronary syndrome patients at the cost of an increased bleeding risk. The abundance in antiplatelet agents allow us to tailor our strategy based on the thrombotic/bleeding profile of each patient. Recently, the ACCOAST trial cast a doubt on the benefit of pre treatment in non-ST segment elevation acute coronary syndrome. The aim of the present review is to summarize the results of the main studies dealing with antiplatelet therapy in stented/acute coronary syndromes patients. ER  - 
Association of CYP2C19 Polymorphisms with the Clinical Efficacy of Clopidogrel Therapy in Patients Undergoing Carotid Artery Stenting in Asia$$$ The CYP2C19 gene plays a detrimental role in the metabolism of clopidogrel. This study aimed to investigate the association between CYP2C19 polymorphisms and the clinical efficacy of clopidogrel therapy in patients who have undergone carotid artery stenting (CAS). CYP2C19 genotype screening was performed on 959 ischemic stroke patients. Of these patients, 241 who had undergone CAS were enrolled in the study. They were all followed up for 1 year after stent surgery, and the primary clinical end-points were ischemic events. The frequencies of the CYP2C19*2 and *3 alleles among the 959 patients were 31.80% and 5.06%, respectively. Regarding the 241 participants who had undergone CAS, multivariate Cox regression analysis showed that the CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles (*2 and *3) were risk factors for post-CAS prognosis. Within 1 year of follow-up, the patients carrying the CYP2C19 LOF alleles were more likely to experience ischemic events than those carrying none. The occurrence of ischemic events did not significantly differ between the *2 and *3 allele carriers. Our results suggest that CYP2C19 LOF alleles (*2 and *3) significantly impact the prognosis of patients on clopidogrel therapy after CAS and that the CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 alleles have the same effects on prognosis. ER  - 
TRAF3 Epigenetic Regulation Is Associated With Vascular Recurrence in Patients With Ischemic Stroke$$$ Background and Purpose - Clopidogrel is one of the most used antiplatelet drugs in patients with cardiovascular disease. However, 16% to 50% of patients have a high on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity and an increased risk of ischemic events. The pathogenesis of high on-treatment platelet reactivity in patients with stroke is only partially explained by genetic variations. This study aims to find differentially methylated sites across the genome associated with vascular recurrence in ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. Methods - From a cohort of 1900 patients with ischemic stroke, we selected 42 patients treated with clopidogrel, including 21 with a recurrent vascular event and 21 without vascular recurrence during the first year of follow-up. Over 480 000 DNA methylation sites were analyzed across the genome. Differentially methylated CpG sites were identified by nonparametric testing using R. Replication analysis was performed in a new cohort of 191 subjects and results were correlated with platelet reactivity in a subset of 90 subjects using light transmission aggregometry. Results - A total of 73 differentially methylated CpG sites (P<1×10-05) were identified; 3 of them were selected for further replication: cg03548645 (P=1.42×10-05, TRAF3), cg09533145 (P=7.81×10-06, ADAMTS2), and cg15107336 (P=1.89×10-05, XRCC1). The cg03548645 CpG remained significant in the replication study (P=0.034), a deep analysis of this region revealed another methylation site associated with vascular recurrence, P=0.037. Lower cg03548645 (TRAF3) DNA methylation levels were correlated with an increased platelet aggregation (ρ=-0.29, P=0.0075). Conclusions - This study suggests for the first time that epigenetics may significantly contribute to the variability of clopidogrel response and recurrence of ischemic events in patients with stroke. ER  - 
Monitoring Residual Platelet Activity among Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome Post-PCI by Modified Impedance Whole Blood Platelet Aggregation and Release Method$$$ Antiplatelet medicines have been one of the cornerstones in the treatment of patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). However, adverse cardiovascular events still occur in some patients on standard antiplatelet therapy. Therefore, a reliable laboratory test to monitor the residual platelet activity (RPA) is urgent. We aim to modify the impedance whole blood platelet aggregation (WBA) assay associated with release assay to monitor RPA, despite antiplatelet therapy and assess their relationship with clinical ischemic events. In this study, RPA was tested in 133 patients with ACS postpercutaneous coronary intervention between 24 and 36 hours after a 300-mg clopidogrel loading dose by modified assay. Then, these patients were followed up for 3 months for clinical ischemic events. Meanwhile, platelet activity of 58 healthy volunteers was also tested by modified assay. Results showed that in modified assay the point of platelet magnified activation time (MAT) and maximal platelet adenosine triphosphate release values (RV) have significant differences between healthy volunteers and patients ([90.86 ± 27.60 seconds] vs [206.44 ± 58.97 seconds] and [2.07 ± 0.64 nmol] vs [0.98 ± 0.49 nmol]; P <.001 and P <.001, respectively). During follow-up, 5 patients present ischemic events. Receiver-operator characteristic curve showed that the cutoff values for MAT and RV were 156.5 seconds and 1.05 nmol, respectively, with the sensitivity and specificity of 60.00% and 83.30% and 80.00% and 67.50%, respectively; when MAT combined with RV, the sensitivity can be increased to 100%. Therefore, modified impedance WBA and release assay may be a potentially recommended reliable laboratory assays for monitoring the RPA. ER  - 
Prostacyclin, atherothrombosis and diabetes mellitus: Physiologic and clinical considerations$$$ Prostacyclin (PGI2) and other metabolites of arachidonic acid are increasingly recognized for their role in the pathophysiology of human disease. A growing body of evidence from randomized controlled trials, studies of human prostacyclin receptor (hIP) variants, and IP-receptor knockout studies in mice has shown that PGI2 may have a protective effect on atherothrombotic risk. Increased risk of atherosclerosis and thrombotic sequelae may be attributed, in part, to downregulation of the prostacyclin pathway. Clinical studies with nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) that were selective for the cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) isoenzyme, although protective of mucosa in the gastrointestinal tract, first alluded to a potential role of PGI2 in atherothrombotic risk. Outcomes from early clinical trials showed a 2-to 3-fold increase in risk of incurring a thrombotic event (e.g., myocardial infarction or stroke). Further analyses suggested that atherothrombotic risk is a continuous variable with relative NSAID COX-2 selectivity, and that the COX-2 metabolic product, PGI2, appears to play a key role. Effects of reduced PGI2 levels may be felt in particular by patients with diabetes mellitus, a patient population at the high end of the cardiovascular risk spectrum. Therapies that spare PGI2 may provide the greatest level of protection. The mechanism of protection by PGI2 is under intense investigation. ER  - 
The success of different approaches to the development to antiplatelet drugs$$$ The aim of this research is to precisely discuss and appraise the success of different approaches to the development to antiplatelet drugs. Platelets play a main function in haemostasis and the development of arterial thrombosis that is the final event complicating cardiovascular diseases and peripheral vascular diseases, and antiplatelet drugs improve survival of patients with these diseases. Antiplatelet drugs are aimed to avert and/or reverse platelets aggregation in arterial thrombosis, most significantly in myocardial infarction (MI), ischaemic stroke, and peripheral artery disease. The current therapeutic strategies aimed at inhibiting platelet aggregation: inhibition of cyclooxygenase, such as aspirin; inhibition of phosphodiesterases III and V and adenosine uptake by red blood cells, such as dipyridamole and cilostazol; inhibition of the platelet adenosine diphosphate (ADP) P2Y12 receptor, such as ticlopidine and clopidogrel; inhibition of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa receptors that prevent fibrinogen binding, such as abciximab; and increasing nitric oxide level, such as triflusal. A range of new drugs are currently in different phases of clinical trials, including reloading of clopidogrel, the improvement of drug efficacy, thrombin receptor inhibition, thromboxane receptor inhibition, oral glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibition, phosphodiesterases inhibitors, and signalling pathways inhibition are revolution in the development of antiplatelet drugs. A greater understanding of a patient response can improve the efficacy and safety of antiplatelet therapy. This can be achieved by drug dose adjustment based on functional testing, by changing drugs combination, or by developing more potent and safer drugs. ER  - 
Impact of prasugrel vs. clopidogrel therapy in complex PCI for ACS: Results from the PROMETHEUS study$$$ Aims: Potent P2Y12 inhibitors may offer enhanced benefit in complex percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). We sought to examine 1-year outcomes with prasugrel versus clopidogrel in patients undergoing complex PCI from the PROMETHEUS study. Methods and results: PROMETHEUS was a retrospective multicentre observational study comparing clopidogrel and prasugrel use in patients undergoing PCI for acute coronary syndrome (n=19,914; 76% complex, 24% non-complex PCI). We compared 1-year major adverse cardiac events (MACE, a composite of death, myocardial infarction, stroke or unplanned revascularisation) between clopidogreland prasugrel-treated patients stratified by complexity of PCI. Complex PCI was defined by PCI of the left main, bifurcation lesion, B2/C type lesion, moderately-severely calcified lesion or total stent length ≥30 mm. Data were adjusted for MACE using propensity score adjustment methods. Of the total cohort, prasugrel was prescribed to 21% patients undergoing complex PCI and to 19% undergoing non-complex PCI. Analogously, clopidogrel was prescribed to 79% of complex PCI and to 81% of non-complex PCI patients. In both complex and non-complex PCI groups, prasugrel-treated patients were younger, and there were fewer women and fewer clinical comorbidities including diabetes, hypertension, prior myocardial infarction and PCI than among clopidogrel-treated patients. Irrespective of thienopyridine prescribed, the complex PCI group had a high proportion of multivessel disease, B2/C type lesions and bifurcation PCI. However, prasugrel-treated complex PCI patients had a lower prevalence of calcification, left main PCI and greater use of second-generation DES and greater total stent lengths. In complex PCI patients, 1-year MACE was 12.7% with prasugrel vs. 22.0% with clopidogrel. In the non-complex PCI patients, 1-year MACE was 10.0% with prasugrel vs. 17.0% with clopidogrel. After propensity adjustment, the benefit of prasugrel over clopidogrel was preserved in complex PCI patients (HR 0.86, 95% CI: 0.76-0.97), but was attenuated in those undergoing non-complex PCI (HR 0.90, 95% CI: 0.70-1.17), p-interaction 0.94. Bleeding occurred in 3.4% vs. 5.0% of complex PCI patients (p<0.001) with prasugrel versus clopidogrel and in 2.1% vs. 4.1% of non-complex PCI patients (p <0.09). Conclusions: Compared with clopidogrel use, prasugrel provided significant benefit in patients undergoing complex PCI in a propensity-adjusted analysis. ER  - 
The effect of CYP2C19 genotypes on antiplatelet therapy among Chinese patients with acute myocardial infarction after PCI between ticagrelor and clopidogrel$$$ Aims: To investigate effect of CYP2C19 genetic variants on antiplatelet therapy in Chinese patients with acute myocardial infarction after primary PCI, and compare antiplatelet effect between clopidogrel and ticagrelor in patients with genetic mutations. Methods and results: Patients (N=347) with acute myocardial infarction after primary PCI were enrolled. All patients received a loading and maintenance dose of dual antiplatelet therapy (aspirin+clopidogrel/ticagrelor). In the clopidogrel group there were 221 cases, and 126 in the ticagrelor group. Two candidate single nucleotide polymorphisms (636 and 681 loci) of the CYP2C19 gene were detected by real-time fluorescence quantitative PCR. All cases were divided into wild type, heterozygous and homozygous according to allele carrying condition. The effect of the antiplatelet was assessed by thrombelastography platelet mapping assay 24-48 hours after primary PCI. All patients were followed up for 30 days and 6 months after discharge. Baseline data were matched between the two groups. For the clopidogrel group, the fast metabolic type (non-carriers, two loci were both wild type) included 93 cases (42.1%). The mid metabolic type (either of two loci was heterozygous) and the slow metabolic type (one locus was homozygous or both of the two loci were heterozygous) defined as carriers totalled 128 cases (57.9%), including 29 homozygous cases (13.1%). For the ticagrelor group, non-carriers were 48 cases (38.1%), and carriers were 78 cases (61.9%), including 17 homozygous cases (13.5%). There was no significant difference between the two groups of CYP2C19 genotype frequency. Comparing the clopidogrel and ticagrelor groups, the platelet function of TEGADP was 63.08±27.78 vs. 78.08±25.62, p<0.0001, MAADP was 31.35±15.29 vs. 24.14±13.74, p<0.0001. For non-carriers, TEGADP was 68.16±25.17 vs. 82.79±22.45, p=0.002, MAADP was 29.47±14.39 vs .23.03±13.03, p=0.008; for carriers, TEGADP were 59.37±29.06 vs. 75.15±27.15, p<0.0001, MAADP was 32.71±15.83 vs. 24.82±14.74, p=0.001. Compared with the clopidogrel group, the percentage inhibition of platelet aggregation of the ticagrelor group was significantly higher. In the comparison of antiplatelet effect among the three kinds of metabolic type in the clopidogrel group (fast, mid and slow), TEGADP were 68.16±25.17 vs. 58.01±29.29 vs. 63.75±28.34, p=0.047. For the ticagrelor group, TEGADP were 82.79±22.45 vs. 76.71±24.23 vs. 69.04±36.98, p=0.188. Incidence of myocardial infarction within 30 days after discharge in the clopidogrel group and the ticagrelor group was, respectively, 1.4% vs. 0.8%, p=0.540, target lesion revascularisation (TLR) 0.9% vs. 0.8%, p=0.701, death 1.4% vs. 1.6%, p=0.598, stroke 0.5% vs. 0.8%, p=0.595, bleeding 1.4% vs. 0, p=0.257. At 6-month follow-up, the incidence of myocardial infarction was 0.5% vs. 0, p=0.637, TLR 0.5% vs. 0, p=0.637, death 0 vs. 0.8%, p=0.363. There was no obvious difference between the two groups in the incidence of MACE, bleeding and stroke at 30-day and 6-month follow-up. According to the different genotypes, MACE, haemorrhage and stroke incidence also showed no significant difference between the two groups. Conclusions: Insufficiency of the antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel may relate to CYP2C19 gene mutations. The antiplatelet effect of ticagrelor is much stronger than clopidogrel, and this effect is not affected by CYP2C19 gene mutations. There is no obvious difference between the incidence of clinical events. ER  - 
Safety and effectiveness of the new P2Y12r inhibitors agents vs. clopidogrel in ACS patients according to the geographic area: East Asia vs. Europe$$$ Aims: Differences in response to prasugrel and ticagrelor in the setting of acute coronary syndromes (ACS) in a population from east Asia vs. Europe have not yet been investigated. Methods and results: This is a sub-analysis of the “Bleeding complications in a Multicenter international registry of patients discharged after an Acute Coronary Syndrome (BleeMACS)”. All the patients admitted for ACS treated with aspirin who underwent PCI from January 2012 to December 2014 have been included and stratified according to their provenance from Europe vs. east Asia (China and Japan). We compared the adjusted rate of in-hospital and 1-year serious bleeding between these patients as a safety endpoint and in-hospital and 1-year death/re-infarction as an effectiveness endpoint of the new P2Y12r inhibitors. Data of 10,004 patients attended in Europe and 2,332 patients in East Asia (China: 2 centres, 1376 patients; Japan: 3 centres, 956 patients) were collected. At baseline prior stroke (6% vs. 9%, p<0.001, respectively), malignancy (7% vs. 5%, p=0.03) and type of ACS (59% vs. 71% STEMI, 11% vs. 21% unstable angina) were significantly different between groups. Clopidogrel (86% vs. 91%, p<0.001) and ticagrelor (5% vs. 6%, p=0.01) were slightly less used in patients from european centres compared to those managed in the east Asian hospitals, in favour of prasugrel (7% vs 0%, p<0.001). In-hospital bleeding were significantly higher in patients treated in Europe comparing to those in east Asian countries (8% vs. 4%, p<0.001), but at 1 year no difference was found (3% vs. 3%, p=0.84). The between-group incidence of in-hospital death/re-infarction did not differ significantly (3% vs. 2% respectively, p=0.78), while it was significantly higher at 1-year in the European centres (9% vs. 5%, p<0.001). At the multivariate analysis, in both sub-groups, ticagrelor decreases the risk of MACE death/re-infarction (Europe: HR 0.5, CI 0.3-0.9; East Asia: HR 0.5, CI 0.2-0.9), despite a higher risk of bleeding only in Caucasians (HR 1.7, CI 1.1-2.6). In contrast, prasugrel reduce death/re-infarction (HR 0.4, CI 0.2-0.6), without increasing of bleeding (HR 0.9, CI 0.5-1.3). Conclusions: In the setting of the ACS, the new antiplatelets drugs seem to be safe and efficacious at midterm follow-up independently from the geographic area. Among the P2Y12i available, prasugrel seems to have the best risk-benefit, while ticagrelor appears safer in Asian patients. ER  - 
Premature disruption and discontinuation of prasugrel and ischaemic outcomes among patients with STEMI$$$ Aims: P2Y12 inhibitors may be interrupted prematurely for various reasons after PCI for the culprit lesions of STEMI. The aim of this study was to assess the impact of premature discontinuation and/or disruption of prasugrel following primary PCI. Methods and results: Between September 2009 and January 2014, 1,716 patients with STEMI undergoing primary PCI were enrolled at 12 European and Swiss centres in the framework of a randomised trial and a large-scale registry. Clinical follow-up information was obtained at discharge, 30 days and one year. Reasons for prasugrel discontinuation (defined as planned and physician-driven prasugrel cessation) and disruption (defined as patient-driven or unplanned prasugrel cessation) were assessed. The risk for ischaemic outcomes was calculated using patients who remained on prasugrel throughout one year as reference. The primary endpoint was a composite of cardiac death, myocardial infarction, and stroke (MACCE). A total of 1,716 STEMI patients were included: 1,479 (86.2%) patients completed the prescribed type and duration of DAPT using prasugrel throughout one year; 64 (3.7%) patients prematurely discontinued prasugrel according to the discretion of the treating physician, 54 (3.1%) patients disrupted prasugrel intake; and the remaining 119 (6.9%) patients substituted prasugrel with clopidogrel. Compared to patients who continued prasugrel throughout one year, disruption of prasugrel was associated with an increased risk of MACCE (HR 2.85, 95% CI: 1.46-10.62, p=0.007). Conversely, discontinuation of prasugrel (HR 1.66, 95% CI: 0.61-4.53, p=0.32) or substitution of prasugrel with clopidogrel (HR 0.87, 95% CI: 0.35-2.15, p=0.76) was associated with similar risks of MACCE. Similarly, hazards for cardiac death (HR 6.98, 95% CI: 2.35-20.68, p<0.001), myocardial infarction (HR 3.00, 95% CI: 1.11-8.33, p=0.031), and stent thrombosis (HR 3.8, 95% CI: 1.17-12.57) were increased among patients who disrupted prasugrel, whereas no significant risk was observed among patients who discontinued prasugrel or substituted prasugrel with clopidogrel. Most frequent reasons for prasugrel discontinuation were oral anticoagulation with vitamin K antagonists (29.7%) or planned interventions (21.9%), and most frequent reasons for prasugrel disruption were patient initiative (37.0%), bleeding (22.2%), adverse effects (18.5%) or financial constraints (11.1%). Conclusions: Premature disruption but not discontinuation of prasugrel following primary PCI is associated with an increased risk of MACCE. ER  - 
Contemporary antiplatelet treatment in ACS patients undergoing PCI: One-year outcomes from the GReek AntiPlatElet Registry (GRAPE)$$$ Aims: In this report, we present the 1-year outcomes from the GReek AntiPlatElet Registry, which represent “real-life” experience incorporating the contemporary use of 3 oral P2Y12 receptor antagonists. Methods and results: In a prospective, observational, multicentre, cohort study, 2,047 patients were recruited and were followed up for 1 year for major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE, a composite of death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, urgent revascularisation and stroke) and bleeding events (Bleeding Academic Research Consortium [BARC] classification). Exposure to clopidogrel, prasugrel and ticagrelor at the PCI hospital occurred in 959, 363 and 717 patients, respectively. After adjustment, the MACE rate (primary outcome endpoint) was lower in prasugrel (4.4%) vs. clopidogrel (10.1%) treated patients (hazard ratio [HR] 0.55, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.32-0.96, p=0.035), though not significantly different between ticagrelor (6.8%) and clopidogrel groups (HR 0.79, 95% CI: 0.55-1.13, p=0.2). BARC any type bleeding (secondary outcome endpoint) was more frequent in prasugrel (51.2%) vs. clopidogrel (37.6%) (HR 1.61, 95% CI: 1.33-1.95) and in ticagrelor (56.9%) vs. clopidogrel treated patients (HR 1.80, 95% CI: 1.55-2.10), p<0.001 for both. BARC type ≥3 bleeding did not differ significantly among the 3 P2Y12 receptor antagonists used. After adjustment, the death rate was reduced by novel agents vs. clopidogrel, 2.9% vs. 6.2% (HR 0.55, 95% CI: 0.34-0.88), p=0.01. Conclusions: In real-word ACS patients subjected to PCI, prasugrel seems to offer better anti-ischaemic protection than clopidogrel, whilst use of both novel agents is accompanied by more frequent bleeding events. ER  - 
State of the art: Oral antiplatelet therapy$$$ Platelet adhesion, activation, and aggregation are central to the propagation of coronary thrombosis following rupture, fissure, or erosion of an atherosclerotic plaque. This chain of deleterious events underlies the pathophysiological process leading to an acute coronary syndrome. Therefore, oral antiplatelet therapy has become the cornerstone of therapy for the management of acute coronary syndrome and the prevention of ischemic complications associated with percutaneous coronary intervention. Landmark trials have established aspirin, and the addition of clopidogrel to aspirin, as key therapeutic agents in the context of acute coronary syndrome and percutaneous coronary intervention. Dual antiplatelet therapy has been the guideline-mandated standard of care in acute coronary syndrome and percutaneous coronary intervention. Despite the proven efficacy of dual antiplatelet therapy, adverse ischemic events continue to occur and this has stimulated the development of novel, more potent antiplatelet agents. We focus this state-of-the-art review on the most recent advances in oral antiplatelet therapy, treading the tightrope of potency versus bleeding risk, the quest to determine the optimal duration of dual antiplatelet therapy and future of personalized antiplatelet therapy. ER  - 
Efficacy of active management of the target P2Y12 reaction unit range in patients undergoing aneurysmal neurointerventional procedures$$$ Background: Optimal antiplatelet inhibition is essential in patients undergoing neurointerventional procedures, however, variability in response to clopidogrel can contribute to thromboembolic and hemorrhagic complications. In the present study, we evaluated the impact of active management of antiplatelet reactivity in patients undergoing aneurysmal neurointerventional procedures. Methods: Between 2013 and 2015, 48 consecutive patients (male; 10, mean age; 56) underwent aneurysmal coil embolization and received clopidogrel (75 mg daily) and aspirin (100 mg daily) before the treatment. Patients underwent prospective assessment of preoperative platelet function using VerifyNow assay and received adjunctive cilostazol (200 mg daily; triple antiplatelet therapy) in case of clopidogrel hypo-response. Patient with clopidogrel hyper-response underwent clopidogrel dose reduction according to the protocol (clopidogrel, 12.5-50 mg daily). Results: Successful coil embolization was performed in all patients. Stent-assisted coil embolization was performed in 24 patients (50%). Preoperative clopidogrel resistance was noted in 5 patients (10%) and clopidogrel hyper response was noted in 18 patients (38%). In active management of platelet reactivity resulted in optimization of P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) value within the target range during and after the treatment. There were no symptomatic throm-boembolic or hemorrhagic events. Conclusions: Active management of clopidogrel dosing for clopidogrel hyper-response and adjunctive cilostazol for clopidogrel hypo-response resulted in an adjustment of PRU value to within a target range, and there were no hemorrhagic complications after the treatment. ER  - 
Platelet reactivity and clinical factors for cardiovascular events in stroke patients treated with clopidogrel: A subanalysis of the cognac study$$$ Background: In COGNAC (Contribution of Genetic Analysis to the efficacy of Clopidogrel) study, we identified that CYP2C19 polymorphisms significantly contribute to platelet aggregation in stroke patients treated with clopidogrel, but these genetic variants did not affect the recurrence of cardiovascular events (CVEs). Previous studies showed that non-genetic factors such as higher body mass index (BMI) were the independent predictors of high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) to clopidogrel ('clopidogrel resistance'). However, little is known whether and how the HTPR affects the clinical outcomes through the above predictors. Methods: A multicenter, prospective cohort study of stroke patients receiving clopidogrel for the secondary prevention of CVEs enrolled 501 patients between September 2010 and March 2012 in 14 hospitals in Japan. Platelet reactivity was assessed by ADP-induced platelet aggregation and vasodilator-stimulated phospho-protein (VASP) index. HTPR was defined as VASP greater than 50%. We followed all patients for 2 years to evaluate the association of clinical factors with CVEs. Results: Of 501 patients, 278 (55.6%) patients showed HTPR (VASP index: 63.6 ±8.4%) and 28 (5.6%) patients had recurrent CVEs during the follow-up. In addition to younger age and high triglycerides, higher BMI were significantly related to HTPR (p < 0.05). Nevertheless, lower BMI was the only independent predictor of CVEs (HR per unit: 0.86, 95%CI 0.75-0.99, p = 0.035). Conclusions: Although higher BMI was related to HTPR (clopidogrel resistance), lower but not higher BMI was paradoxically associated with higher recurrence of CVEs. ER  - 
Prospective trial of monitoring clopidogrel response and dosage patterns in patients undergoing neurovascular stenting$$$ Background and aims: Variability in response to clopidogrel therapy is increasingly recognized as a factor affecting thromboembolic and hemorrhagic outcomes in neurointervention. While it has been reported that the CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele is common in Asians, which is believed to be associated with high on-clopidogrel treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR), further evidence is limited. We hope to revise the current clopidogrel regimen and monitoring of the P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) by VerifyNow® platelet function testing to obtain information regarding the drug response in our local population, aiming to identify factors that may affect clopidogrel response pattern, and/or to establish an appropriate an appropriate regime for drug dosage titration and PRU monitoring. Methods: We conducted a prospective single center cohort from June 2013 to April 2015, recruiting consecutive patients undergoing neurovascular stenting for intracranial aneurysms/ intracranial arterial stenosis/ extracranial arterial stenosis and requiring antiplatelet therapy. VerifyNow® testing was conducted at regular intervals throughout the perioperative period, and clopidogrel dosage was titrated accordingly using a standardized protocol. Data regarding the antiplatelet regimes, platelet function assay results, procedural details, complications and outcomes were collected and studied. Results: 32 female and 11 male patients were recruited from the study period. Only 3 patients (6.97%) demonstrated hyporesponse to clopidogrel while the PRU of only 4 patients (9.31%) remained within range throughout the entire surveillance programme with the 'standard' dosage of 75 mg daily. The majority of patients (30 out of 43, 69.77%) displayed a phenomenon of delayed hyper-response that has only been reported in one case series, but these did not result in clinically significant hemorrhagic events. Conclusion: This is the first prospective local study to investigate into the clopidogrel response pattern in the local population; when compared to the western population, the differences in drug dosage and PRU trends that our locality demonstrated calls for further exploration and modifications to our current practices in order to optimize the post-intervention care for local patients. ER  - 
The cost-effectiveness of genetic testing for CYP2C19 variants to guide antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel or Prasugrel in R. Macedonia$$$ Background and objective: Pharmacogenetic (PGx) prediction of the therapeutic outcome in each patient individually is a challenge and its usage in clinical practice is still far from reality. The proven safety and efficacy of new highly potent P2Y12 receptor blockers (prasugrel and ticagrelor) and their significantly higher cost relative to clopidogrel, seeks to select a economically valuable therapy associated with better therapeutic effect and a lower risk of adverse events. Our objective was to estimate the cost-effectiveness of CYP2C19 genotyping in a theoretical cohort of 200 patients with an acute coronary syndrome (ACS), who received a percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with or without a coronary stent implantation, treated with clopidogrel or prasugrel in a managed care setting. Setting and method: A decision tree model based on an adverse event occurrence (myocardial infarction, stroke, bleeding, stent thrombosis or cardiovascular death) in the Trial to Assess Improvement in Therapeutic Outcomes by Optimizing Platelet Inhibition with Prasugrel-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TRITON-TIMI) 38, was employed to evaluate the economic efficiency of the selection of an antiplatelet drug based on a patient's CYP2C19 genotype status (clopidogrel or prasugrel) compared with the selection of an antiplatelet drug based on the standard of care (receiving clopidogrel regardless of the genotype) in a time horizon of 15 months. The model analysis used population data on the prevalence of CYP2C19∗2 allele in the Republic of Macedonia, assuming a 99 % specificity and sensitivity of genetic tests. Only direct costs related to drug treatment, PGx test (CYP2C19∗2 and∗17), treatment of major adverse events and hospitalization were included. Unit costs, expressed as EUR 2015, were obtained utilizing official (Centre for Biomolecular Pharmaceutical Analysis-CBFA, government and hospital pharmacy) publicly available data, with no discount. The benefit of the two treatment strategies, measured as quality-adjusted life years (QALY) were extracted from the published data (8.650 vs. 8.631 for PGx guided and traditional treatment strategy, respectively). Main outcome measures: Economic viability evaluation of the PGx application in the individualization of the clopidogrel therapy in R. Macedonia. Results: Total accumulated cost per patient for the PGx guided therapy was € 99.049 versus € 10.762 for the traditional treatment strategy while the mean drug-associated cost was € 21.09 and € 9.68, respectively. The cost associated with and due to side events hospitalization was 1.5-fold less in PGx compared to the traditional treatment. Conclusion: The CYP2C19 genotype guided treatment was the dominant option (less costly and more effective) compared to the standard care strategy for patients with ACS and PCI in R. Macedonia. ER  - 
Comparison of evolutions in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with stent between treatment guided by genetic test and without depending on genotyping$$$ Background and objective: Clopidogrel is used for the prevention of cardiovascular events in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and metabolized by the CYP2C19 iso-enzyme to active metabolite responsible for the inhibition of platelet aggregation. It is also necessary for drug absorption P-glycoprotein which is encoded by the ABCB1 gene. According to CYP2C19 and ABCB1 genotypes, the effectiveness of clopidogrel antiplatelet may differs establishing normal, intermediate and poor metabolizers; and good or poor transporters. Objectives: To compare the evolution of patients undergoing PCI after ACS obtained before and after the recommendation of antiplatelet therapy based on their CYP2C19 and ABCB1 status. To assess the genetic differences in our group of patients compared to the reference population. Setting and method: Patients diagnosed with ACS between April 2010 and April 2012 in our hospital treated with clopidogrel at discharge and returned for suffering a second ACS from April 2012. In this second time, antiplatelet therapy were prescribed according to CYP2C19∗2 (rs4244285) and ABCB1 (rs1045642) status. Carriers of CYP2C19∗2 allele and/or ABCB1 TT were prescribed prasugrel and those who were not carrying these genotypes were administered clopidogrel. Polymorphisms were genotyped using TaqMan® genotyping assays technology. The combined cardiovascular endpoint (cardiovascular death, ACS, stroke and stent thrombosis) were studied at 1 year, before and after genetic counselling. Main outcome measures: Eleven patients were enrolled: three patients (28 %) were poor metabolizers (CYP2C19∗1/∗2 or ∗2/∗2), five patients (46 %) were bad transporters (ABCB1 TT) and seven patients (63.7 %) carriers CYP2C19∗2 and ABCB1 TT, only four patients were good metabolizers and transporters. The prevalence of poor metabolizers and transporters in the control population were 27.5 and 20.8 %, respectively. Results: Seven patients had a cardiac event within 12 months after discharge from the first ACS; after discharge from the second ACS (guided by genetic testing) only 4 of these 11 patients had a cardiac event within 12 months. Conclusion: • There is a higher proportion of poor metabolizers and/or bad transporters of clopidogrel in patients with ACS compared with a the reference population. • Treatment based on CYP2C19 and ABCB1 genotyping has reduced number of new cardiovascular events in the study population. ER  - 
P2Y12 inhibitors in acute coronary syndrome: Relation to hemorrhagic events in routine clinical practice$$$ Introduction: In the context of acute coronary syndromes (ACS), ticagrelor demonstrated to reduce cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction and stroke when compared to clopidogrel. These benefits did not seem to be associated with increasing rates of hemorrhagic events (HE) and, thus, ticagrelor has been introduced in routine practice. However, little is known about ticagrelor's safety in “real world” clinical practice, since available evidence comes mainly from clinical trials. Objective: To assess the occurrence of major HE in ACS patients treated with ticagrelor or when the switch between both P2Y12 inhibitors (ticagrelor/clopidogrel) was required during hospitalisation, compared to clopidogrel. Methods: This study is part of an ongoing prospective cohort study of ACS survivors consecutively recruited between August 2013 and December 2014, at the cardiology departments of two hospitals in Portugal. Data was collected through face-to-face interviews and medical records review. This evaluation comprised socio-demographic characteristics, clinical history and information during hospitalization. We evaluated 939 patients under dual antithrombotic therapy (aspirin and ticagrelor or clopidogrel) during hospitalization. Major HE were defined as a drop in hemoglobin (Hb) between 3 and 5 g/dL or over 5 g/dL, or intracranial hemorrhage (ICH). The association between the drug used and HE was estimated by logistic regression analysis, taking into account other demographic and clinical characteristics. Results: The mean age was 64 years and 74.3% were male. Most patients (86.2%) were medicated with clopidogrel, 7% with ticagrelor and 6% switched between P2Y12 inhibitors (with another new loading dose) during hospitalization. The incidence of HE was 4.6%, with 2.9% having a drop of 3-5 g/dL in Hb, 1.2% a drop >5 g/dL in Hb, and 0.5% considering ICH. There were no differences in HE in patients treated with clopidogrel, ticagrelor or who switched between the two drugs (4.6%, 6.4% and 1.9%, respectively, p=0.512). Conclusion: Our results found that ticagrelor was safe in routine clinical practice, independently of patients' characteristics, and support the safety of P2Y12 inhibitors even when overlapping is required, with a new loading dose. However these interpretations need to be cautious, because the ticagrelor group is still small in our sample. ER  - 
Risk factors for clopidogrel high on-treatment platelet reactivity in patients with carotid artery stenosis undergoing endarterectomy$$$ Background: Carotid endarterectomy (CEA) is the standard treatment for carotid stenosis. Dual antiplatelet therapy, including aspirin and clopidogrel, has a potential role in reducing the risk of stroke after carotid surgery. However, clopidogrel high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) is quite a common phenomenon. Aims: Our study aimed to evaluate genetic and non-genetic factors as possible risks for clopidogrel-HTPR in patients with carotid artery stenosis undergoing CEA. Methods: Using multiple-electrode impedance aggregometry (MEA) the antiplatelet effectiveness of clopidogrel was prospectively evaluated in 112 patients (66.2 ± 8.1 years). Measurements were made after 24 h, 7 and 30 days of clopidogrel treatment, which was introduced after elective CEA at a dose of 75 mg daily, for at least 30 days. Clopidogrel- HTPR was defined as an adenosine diphosphate (ADP) - thrombin receptor activating peptide (TRAP) platelet aggregation ratio ≥ 52%. CYP2C19∗2 genotyping was performed by TaqMan assay. Logistic regression models were used to estimate predictors for low responsiveness. The Ethics Committee of the “Dedinje” Institute for Cardiovascular Diseases approved the research protocol. All patients gave written informed consent prior to study inclusion. Results: According to this specific cut-off value for our population, the number of patients with HTPR declined from 79.5% 24 h after introducing clopidogrel to 25% after 30 days of treatment. Analysis showed that 16/30 patients carrying the CYP2C19∗2 gene variant had HTPR, in contrast to 12/82 non-carriers of this allele (P< 0.001). Multivariate logistic regression analysis identified the CYP2C19∗2 gene variant (OR 4.384, 95% CI 1.296-14.833, P=0.017) and high total cholesterol (OR 2.090, 95% CI 1.263-3.459, P=0.004) as the only independent risk factors for clopidogrel-HTPR. Conclusions: The CYP2C19∗2 gene variant and high total cholesterol level were risk factors for clopidogrel-HTPR in patients with carotid artery stenosis undergoing CEA. ER  - 
“Drug to drug” interactions as the possible cause of clopidogrel resistance, delayed postprocedural intracranial stent thrombosis and consequent stroke$$$ Introduction: Some neuroendovascular procedures (NEP) necessitate intraluminal reconstruction devices followed by dual antiplatelet therapy (DAT) for variable periods. Interindividual clopidogrel response variability and possible etiologies for clopidogrel resistance (CR) included clinical factors, polymorphysm's of genes responsible for variations in pharmaco-kinetics and dinamics and “drug-drug” interactions. It is important to identify patients with CR by regular testing for platelet aggregation to prevent stent thrombosis or recurrent stroke. Case report: We report a case of a patient who underwent elective NEP of giant aneurysm of rightlCAby setting “flow diverter” and coils. Prepro-cedural committed pharmacogenetics for CyP2C19 gene polymorphism's and Verify Now aggregometry did not indicate the CR and the patient has received “loading dose” of clopidogrel and ASA. NEP passed without complications and the patient was discharged without neurological deficit with DAT and other indicated therapy. Two months later, the patient was admitted to the NICU for sudden onset of left hemipleghia. Urgent performed brain MR and MRA showed zones of acute ischemia due to the right lCA occlusion in the area of the stent placement. We conducted emergency thrombectomy and extracted most of the solid thrombus without adequate reperfusion. Conclusion: We presented our dilemmas about the possible causes of delayed postprocedural intracranial stent thrombosis in a patient who had no CR. Intercurrent application of some medications without proper monitoring by aggregometry of impact on the effectiveness of clopidogrel, which might vary over time, may contribute to the development of CR and the occurrence of thrombotic complications. ER  - 
Optimal P2Y12 inhibitor in patients with ST segment elevation myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention: A network metaanalysis$$$ Background: Limited data exists regarding the comparative efficacy and safety of new higher potency P2Y12 inhibitors in patients with ST segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) undergoing primary percutaneous intervention (PPCI). We compared various P2Y12 inhibitors in patients with STEMI undergoing PPCI. Methods: We identified clinical trials enrolling STEMI patients and extracted demographic, procedural and clinical outcomes data. Major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) events were defined as composite of death, myocardial infarction (MI), and target vessel revascularization (TVR). Network meta-analysis was performed using Bayesian methods. Results: We analyzed 37 studies with 88402 STEMI patients and 5077 MACE events. At 1-month and 1-year prasugrel was associated with: lower MACE, death, and MI than standard, high-dose or upstream clopidogrel, and standard ticagrelor; lower MACE and death than upstream ticagrelor; lower stroke risk than standard clopidogrel and standard or upstream ticagrelor; lower stent thrombosis (ST) than standard or upstream clopidogrel (Figure). MACE was particularly lower with prasugrel in studies where patients received bivalirudin or drug-eluting stents (DES), or did not receive glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitor. Conclusions: In STEMI patients undergoing PPCI, prasugrel and ticagrelor are more efficacious than standard or high-dose clopidogrel; however, prasugrel appears superior to standard ticagrelor. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Pharmacogenetics of CYP2C19 genetic polymorphism on clopidogrel response in patients with ischemic stroke from Saudi Arabia$$$ Background: Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet drug that requires biotransformation steps to its active metabolite via cytochromes P450 (CYP), particularly CYP2C19. Recently, nonresponsiveness is widely recognized and is related to raising rates of recurrent ischemic events. The response to clopidogrel therapy shows a wide interindividual variation with 5 to 30[percnt] of clopidogrel-treated patients exhibit low or no reactivity to clopidogrel, which is referred as clopidogrel resistance with high residual platelet aggregation. Objective: To elucidate the degree of genetic polymorphisms CYP2C19 (CYP2C19∗2, CYP2C19∗3) of key drug metabolizing enzymes on the antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel response in patients with acute Ischemic Stroke from Saudi Arabia. Methodology: 25 stroke Patients showing responders to clopidogrel therapy and 25 stroke patients showing non responders to clopidogrel monotherapy were recruited after getting their informed consent and genotyped for CYP2C19 ∗2, CYP2C19∗3 polymorphisms by Polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphisms (PCR-RFLP Method). Allele frequencies was derived from genotypic data and Platelet aggregation was measured using MEA on the Multiplateanalyser. Chi Square tests, P value, Odds ratio (ORs) and corresponding confidence intervals was calculated for each polymorphism. Results: The CYP2C19∗2 (681G>A), CYP2C19∗3 (636 G>A) polymorphism was seen to be in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium and showed significant allelic and genotypic association between responders and non responders to clopidogrel (P<0.01). CYP2C19 ∗2 : Allelic Chi-square = 21.49, p =0.000036; Odds Ratio OR: 5.52 (2.42-12.83), Genotypic Chi-square = 10.27, p = 0.001 : Odds Ratio OR : 7.88 (1.78-9.73). CYP2C19 ∗3: Allelic chi-square: 11.66, p = 0.0006, Odds Ratio OR: 3.45 (1.57-7.70), Genotypic Chi-square = 4.37, p= 0.036: Odds Ratio: 3.69 (0.90-5.81). The Variant Allele (Homozygous and homozygous Mutant) showed significant influence on platelet inhibition and antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel in Ischemic Stroke . Conclusion: Our findings provide certain evidence on genetic effect of CYP2C19 on clopidogrel responsiveness in stroke patients from Saudi. ER  - 
Relationship between ATP-binding cassette subfamily B member 1 and cytochrome P450 2C19 polymorphisms and the effect of clopidogrel post percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with acute coronary syndrome$$$ Objective To observe the relationship between ATP-binding cassette subfamily B member 1 (ABCB1) and cytochrome P450 (CYP)2C19 polymorphisms and the effect of clopidogrel post percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with coronary artery disease. Methods A total of 300 consecutive patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing selected percutaneous coronary intervention in General Hospital of the People's Liberation Army from October 2010 to August 2012 and treated with clopidogrel were enrolled and retrospectively analyzed. Antiplatelet responsiveness of clopidogrel was estimated by thrombelastograph. The patients were divided into 3 groups; remarkable efficacy group (adenosine diphosphate pathway inhibition rate >80% ,105 cases), effective group (adenosine diphosphate pathway inhibition rate of 50% - 80%, 100 cases), and poor responsiveness group (adenosine diphosphate pathway inhibition rate < 50% ,95 cases). CYP2C19 and ABCB1 polymorphisms were detected by PCR combined with restrictive fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RELP) method in ail patients. A total of 200 patients were performed by high performance liquid chromatography with electrospray tandem mass spectrum methods (HTLC-MS/MS), which was applied for determining the plasma concentration level of clopidogrel metabolites between remarkable efficacy group and poor responsiveness group. Major adverse cardiovascular events and bleeding events were observed through follow-up. Results (1) There were significantly differences in gender, smoking and alanine transaminase level among 3 groups (P < 0.01 or 0.05). (2)There was no significant difference in the ratio of TT, CC and CT genotype of ABCB1 gene among 3 groups(P > 0. 05). There was significant difference in the ratio of poor, middle and strong metabolizer genotype of CYP2C19 gene (P < 0. 05). (3) Recurrent angina rates were 8. 6% (9/105), 6. 0% (6/100) and 18. 9% (18/95) (P < 0. 05), and bleeding events rates were 1. 0% (1/105), 1. 0% (1/100) and 8. 4% (8/95)respectively (P <0. 01) in remarkable efficacy group, effective group and poor responsiveness group during the 1 year follow up. There were no significant difference in rates of myocardial infarction, heart failure, ischemic stroke and death among 3 groups (all P > 0. 05) during follow up. Rates of major adverse cardiovascular events and bleeding events were similar in patients with TT,CC and CT genotype of ABCB1 (14. 6% (13/89), 12. 8 (19/148) and 11. 6% (5/43), P > 0. 05). Rates of major adverse cardiovascular events and bleeding events were 9. 5% (2/21) ,17. 8(27/152) and 7. 5% (8/107) in poor, middle and strong metabolizer genotype of CYP2C19 gene patients (P <0. 05). (4) Plasma concentration of clopidogrel was significantly lower and relative concentration of acid metabolites was significantly higher in poor responsiveness group than in remarkable efficacy group (P <0. 01 or 0. 05). There was no significantly different in plasma relative concentration of 2-oxo-clopidogrel between remarkable efficacy group and poor responsiveness group. Conclusion ABCB1 gene polymorphism is not but CYP2C19 gene polymorphisms is related with antiplatelet responsiveness of clopidogrel and clinical cardiovascular disease events in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing selected percutaneous coronary intervention. ER  - 
PON1 Q192R genetic variant and response to clopidogrel and prasugrel: pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and a meta-analysis of clinical outcomes$$$ Clopidogrel and prasugrel are antiplatelet therapies commonly used to treat patients with cardiovascular disease. They are both pro-drugs requiring biotransformation into active metabolites. It has been proposed that a genetic variant Q192R (rs662 A>G) in PON1 significantly alters the biotransformation of clopidogrel and affects clinical outcomes; however, this assertion has limited support. The relationship between this variant and clinical outcomes with prasugrel has not been studied. We genotyped PON1 Q192R in 275 healthy subjects treated with clopidogrel or prasugrel and 2922 patients with an ACS undergoing PCI randomized to treatment with clopidogrel or prasugrel in the TRITON-TIMI 38 trial. A meta-analysis was performed including 13 studies and 16,760 clopidogrel-treated patients. Among clopidogrel-treated subjects, there were no associations between Q192R and active drug metabolite levels (P = 0.62) or change in platelet aggregation (P = 0.51). Consistent with these results, in clopidogrel-treated patients in TRITON-TIMI 38, there was no association between Q192R and the rates of CV death, myocardial infarction, or stroke (RR 11.2 %, QR 8.6 %, and QQ 9.3 %; P = 0.66) or stent thrombosis (RR 2.4 %, QR 0.7 %, and QQ 1.6 %, P = 0.30), with patients with the putative at-risk Q variant having numerically lower event rates. Likewise, among prasugrel-treated subjects, there were no associations between Q192R and active drug metabolite levels (P = 0.88), change in platelet aggregation (P = 0.97), or clinical outcomes (P = 0.72). In a meta-analysis, the Q variant was not significantly associated with MACE (QQ vs. RR 1.22, 95 % CI 0.84–1.76) or stent thrombosis (QQ vs. RR OR 1.36, 95 % CI 0.77–2.38). Furthermore, when restricted to the validation studies, the OR (95 % CI) for MACE and stent thrombosis were 0.99 (0.77–1.27) and 1.23 (0.74–2.03), respectively. In the present study, the Q192R genetic variant in PON1 was not associated with the pharmacologic or clinical response to clopidogrel, nor was it associated with the response to prasugrel. The meta-analysis reinforced a lack of a significant association between Q192R and cardiovascular outcomes in clopidogrel-treated patients. ER  - 
Correlates of pre-hospital morphine use in ST-elevation myocardial infarction patients and its association with in-hospital outcomes and long-term mortality: The FAST-MI (French Registry of Acute ST-elevation and non-ST-elevation Myocardial Infarction) programme$$$ Aims The use of opioids is recommended for pain relief in patients with myocardial infarction (MI) but may delay antiplatelet agent absorption, potentially leading to decreased treatment efficacy. Methods and results In-hospital complications (death, non-fatal re-MI, stroke, stent thrombosis, and bleeding) and 1-year survival according to pre-hospital morphine use were assessed in 2438 ST-elevation MI (STEMI) patients from the French Registry of Acute ST-elevation and non-ST-elevation Myocardial Infarction (FAST-MI) 2010. The analyses were replicated in the 1726 STEMI patients of the FAST-MI 2005 cohort, in which polymorphisms of CYP2C19 and ABCB1 had been assessed. Specific subgroup analyses taking into account these genetic polymorphisms were performed in patients pre-treated with thienopyridines. The 453 patients (19%) receiving morphine pre-hospital were younger, more often male, with a lower GRACE score and higher chest pain levels. After adjustment for baseline differences, in-hospital complications and 1-year survival (hazard ratio = 0.69; 95% confidence interval: 0.35-1.37) were not increased according to pre-hospital morphine use. After propensity score matching, 1-year survival according to pre-hospital morphine was also similar. Consistent results were found in the replication cohort, including in those receiving pre-hospital thienopyridines and whatever the genetic polymorphisms of CYP2C19 and ABCB1. Conclusion In two independent everyday-life cohorts, pre-hospital morphine use in STEMI patients was not associated with worse in-hospital complications and 1-year mortality. ER  - 
A randomized trial to compare the safety of rivaroxaban vs aspirin in addition to either clopidogrel or ticagrelor in acute coronary syndrome: The design of the GEMINI-ACS-1 phase II study$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT), the combination of aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor, given for 12 months remains the standard of care after presentation with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) because it has been shown to be associated with a significant reduction in ischemic events compared with aspirin monotherapy. The factor Xa inhibitor rivaroxaban was shown to be associated with a significant reduction in the composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, and stroke, and resulted in a nominal reduction in cardiovascular death, when added to background DAPT in the ATLAS ACS 2–TIMI 51 trial; however, there was excessive bleeding with this “triple-therapy” approach. The combination of rivaroxaban with P2Y12 inhibition in a “dual-pathway” approach may be an effective therapeutic regimen for the treatment of ACS, given the known importance of P2Y12 inhibition after stenting and intriguing data that the combination of an anticoagulant with clopidogrel after stenting in patients with atrial fibrillation appears an attractive option to this patient population. GEMINI-ACS-1 is a prospective, randomized, double-dummy, double-blind, active-controlled trial that will assess the safety of dual antithrombotic therapy (rivaroxaban [2.5 mg twice daily] + P2Y12 inhibitor) as compared with DAPT (aspirin [100 mg] + P2Y12 inhibitor) within 10 days of an ACS event in 3,000 patients. Patients will be randomized in a 1:1 ratio stratified by intended P2Y12 inhibitor use (clopidogrel 75 mg daily or ticagrelor 90 mg twice daily), with 1500 patients expected in each P2Y12 inhibitor strata. The primary end point is Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction clinically significant bleeding (major, minor, or requiring medical attention). The exploratory efficacy determination will be a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, and stent thrombosis. GEMINI-ACS-1 will assess the safety and feasibility of dual antithrombotic therapy with rivaroxaban and a P2Y12 inhibitor compared with conventional DAPT for the treatment for patients with recent ACS. ER  - 
Identifying factors that influence the agreement between platelet function tests in patients on P2Y12-inhibitors with a high bleeding risk$$$ Frail patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) on P2Y12 inhibitors are at risk of major bleeding. Bleeding complications are more prevalent in patients with low on-treatment platelet reactivity (PR). We aimed to assess the agreement between the VerifyNow P2Y12, Multiplate ADP and light transmission aggregometry (LTA) with 20 μM ADP when classifying frail CAD patients in PR-categories (low, optimal, high), using proposed therapeutic windows by a consensus paper (Tantry et al. [2013] Journal of the American College of Cardiology 24:2261) and to identify factors that influence agreement. Platelet function tests (PFTs) were performed within 6 months after percutaneous intervention in 145 consecutive patients, to determine safety and efficacy of P2Y12-inhibitors, according to the Tantry criteria. Frailty was defined as having ≥ 3 risk factors for bleeding. Agreement between PFT pairs was assessed by the quadratic weighted kappa method. Multiplate-VerifyNow agreed in 72 patients (50%), κ = 0.41; VerifyNow-LTA agreed in 76 patients (52%), κ = 0.36; LTA-Multiplate agreed in 64 patients (44%), κ = 0.20. Factors that significantly improved or reduced agreement differed per PFT pair and included drug use (prasugrel or ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel, aspirin, proton pump inhibitors), laboratory parameters (haemoglobin level, platelet count) and patient characteristics (previous stroke). Most of these factors also significantly influenced the unexplained variation between PR-measurements, partly explaining why these factors influenced agreement. In conclusion, classifying frail CAD patients in PR-categories according to the consensus paper resulted in slight to moderate agreement between PFTs, which was influenced by drug use, laboratory parameters and patient characteristics. PFTs with proposed therapeutic windows are not interchangeable and the choice of PFT can directly affect treatment strategy, which might even be more prominent in patients with factors influencing agreement. Clinical endpoints and preferably more studies comparing PFTs are needed to optimize the therapeutic windows. ER  - 
P2Y12 inhibitors in acute coronary syndrome: Relation to hemorrhagic events in routine clinical practice$$$ Introduction: In the context of acute coronary syndromes (ACS), ticagrelor demonstrated to reduce cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction and stroke when compared to clopidogrel. These beneits did not seem to be associated with increasing rates of hemorrhagic events (HE) and, thus, ticagrelor has been introduced in routine practice. However, little is known about ticagrelor's safety in “real world” clinical practice, since available evidence comes mainly from clinical trials. Objectives: To assess the occurrence of major HE in ACS patients treated with ticagrelor or when the switch between both P2Y12 inhibitors (ticagrelor/clopidogrel) was required during hospitalization, compared to clopidogrel. Methods: This study is part of an ongoing prospective cohort study of ACS survivors consecutively recruited between August 2013 and December 2014, at the cardiology departments of two hospitals in Portugal. Data was collected through face-to-face interviews and medical records review. This evaluation comprised socio-demographic characteristics, clinical history and information during hospitalization. We evaluated 939 patients under dual antithrombotic therapy (aspirin and ticagrelor or clopidogrel) during hospitalization. Major HE were deined as a drop in hemoglobin (Hb) between 3 and 5 g/dL or over 5 g/dL, or intracranial hemorrhage (ICH). The association between the drug used and HE was estimated by logistic regression analysis, taking into account other demographic and clinical characteristics. Results: The mean age was 64 years and 74.3% were male. Most patients (86.2%) were medicated with clopidogrel, 7% with ticagrelor and 6% switched between P2Y12 inhibitors (with another new loading dose) during hospitalization. The incidence of HE was 4.6%, with 2.9% having a drop of 3-5 g/dL in Hb, 1.2% a drop > 5 g/dL in Hb, and 0.5% considering ICH. There were no differences in HE in patients treated with clopidogrel, ticagrelor or who switched between the two drugs (4.6%, 6.4% and 1.9%, respectively, p = 0.512). Conclusions: Our results found that ticagrelor was safe in routine clinical practice, independently of patients' characteristics, and support the safety of P2Y12 inhibitors even when overlapping is required, with a new loading dose. However these interpretations need to be cautious, because the ticagrelor group is still small in our sample. ER  - 
Periprocedural antithrombotic therapy during various types of percutaneous cardiovascular interventions$$$ Percutaneous catheter-based interventions became a critically important part of treatment in modern cardiology, improving quality of life as well as saving many life. Due to the introduction of foreign materials to the circulation (either temporarily or permanently) and due to a certain damage to the endothelium or endocardium, the risk of thrombotic complications is substantial and thus some degree of antithrombotic therapy is needed during all these procedures. The intensity (dosage, combination, and duration) of periprocedureal antithrombotic treatment largely varies based on the type of procedure, clinical setting, and comorbidities. This manuscript summarizes the current therapeutic approach to prevent clotting (and bleeding) during a large spectrum of interventions: acute and elective coronary interventions, acute stroke interventions and elective carotid stentin electro h siolo rocedures interventions for structural heart disease and eri heral arterial interventions. ER  - 
Impact of CYP2C19 Metabolizer Status on Patients with ACS Treated with Prasugrel Versus Clopidogrel$$$ Background Certain alleles of the CYP2C19 gene are associated with higher platelet reactivity and increased ischemic events among patients treated with clopidogrel. However, the relationship of CYP2C19 genotype and outcomes in medically managed patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) is not known. Objectives This study sought to assess the effect of CYP2C19 genotype on ischemic outcomes in patients with ACS initially managed medically without revascularization who were randomized to either clopidogrel or prasugrel. Methods We classified patients as extensive metabolizers (EM) or reduced metabolizers (RM) based on CYP2C19 genotype and evaluated ischemic outcomes and platelet reactivity. Among 9,326 patients enrolled from 2008 to 2011, 5,736 participated in the genetics cohort; of these, 2,236 had platelet function testing data. Results There was no association between CYP2C19 metabolizer status (EM vs. RM) and the primary composite endpoint of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction (MI), or stroke (hazard ratio [HR]: 0.86). EM and RM patients had similar rates of the primary endpoint whether treated with prasugrel (HR: 0.82) or clopidogrel (HR: 0.91; p for interaction = 0.495). After adjusting for clinical and treatment variables, EM patients had a lower risk of MI versus RM patients (HR: 0.80), but risks of other outcomes were similar. RM patients had significantly higher mean P2Y12 reaction units versus EM patients when treated with clopidogrel (39.93), but not with prasugrel (3.87). Conclusions CYP2C19 metabolizer status is not associated with the composite outcome of cardiovascular death, MI, or stroke in medically managed ACS patients treated with clopidogrel or prasugrel. Our findings do not support routine CYP2C19 genetic testing in this population. ER  - 
Cardiovascular Pharmacogenomics-Implications for Patients With CKD$$$ CKD is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Thus, patients with CKD often require treatment with cardiovascular drugs, such as antiplatelet, antihypertensive, anticoagulant, and lipid-lowering agents. There is significant interpatient variability in response to cardiovascular therapies, which contributes to risk for treatment failure or adverse drug effects. Pharmacogenomics offers the potential to optimize cardiovascular pharmacotherapy and improve outcomes in patients with CVD, although data in patients with concomitant CKD are limited. The drugs with the most pharmacogenomic evidence are warfarin, clopidogrel, and statins. There are also accumulating data for genetic contributions to β-blocker response. Guidelines are now available to assist with applying pharmacogenetic test results to optimize warfarin dosing, selection of antiplatelet therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention, and prediction of risk for statin-induced myopathy. Clinical data, such as age, body size, and kidney function have long been used to optimize drug prescribing. An increasing number of institutions are also implementing genetic testing to be considered in the context of important clinical factors to further personalize drug therapy for patients with CVD. ER  - 
Antithrombotic therapy in patients with combined coronary heart disease and atrial fibrillation$$$ Coronary heart disease (CHD) and atrial fibrillation (AF) commonly occur together. This presents challenges for the clinician treating patients with CHD, who require antiplatelet therapy and patients with AF, who require oral anticoagulant therapy. We have reviewed PubMed and SCOPUS to identify relevant guidelines, randomised clinical trials and registry studies and clinical trials presented at international meetings, and where necessary, clinical trial protocols to identify and critically analyze all relevant trials in which combinations of oral anticoagulants and antiplatelet agents in patients with AF and CHD have been evaluated. The available evidence on the efficacy and safety of combined oral anticoagulants and anti platelet agents was reviewed for the AF patient in three clinical scenarios: 1) after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI); 2) after an acute coronary syndrome without PCI; and 3) in stable CHD. In each the clinical scenarios evaluated, there is limited clinical trial evidence to guide clinical management. Guidelines to help the clinician choose the right combinations of warfarin, clopidogrel and aspirin and the duration of treatment have been published, but they are based on a limited evidence base. There is even less evidence to guide the use of new oral anticoagulants (NOACs) in combination with the new P2Y12 antiplatelet agents. In each clinical scenario, the risks of coronary artery or stent thrombosis in CHD and risks of stroke in AF need to be carefully balanced against the risks of bleeding. We make recommendations for management based on the evidence which is available at this time and indicate the many gaps which are currently being addressed by randomized clinical trials. ER  - 
Pharmacist led rapid point of care cytochrome p 2c19 genotyping for individualisation of antiplatelet therapy$$$ Background The presence of the CYP2C19 loss of function ∗2 allele is associated with a decreased antiplatelet effect in clopidogrel treated patients. Since about 50% of major adverse cardiac events occur within the first 2 days post-percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), a rapid CYP2C19∗2 genotype result is important to individualise antiplatelet therapy at the start of treatment. Purpose To apply a pharmacist led process to individualise antiplatelet therapy guided by CYP2C19∗2 genotyping using the rapid point of care (POC) Spartan RX assay (Spartan Bioscience) in patients undergoing PCI. Material and methods Following ethics approval and written informed consent, patients undergoing PCI with stent deployment for acute coronary syndrome or stable angina, and who were candidates for dual antiplatelet therapy, were recruited over a 3 month period by non-probability sampling. Exclusion criteria were patients <18 and >75 years old, body weight <60 kg, history of stroke or transient ischaemic attack, active bleeding, coagulation or platelet disorders, and/or chronic liver disease. A buccal sample was collected for automated CYP2C19∗2 genotyping with the Spartan RX system within 1 h. Each patient was genotyped as a non-carrier of the ∗2 allele (∗1/∗1), a carrier of one ∗2 allele (∗1/∗2) or a carrier of two ∗2 alleles (∗2/∗2). Actionable genotypes (∗1/∗2, ∗2/∗2) with therapy recommendations according to the 2013 Clinical Pharmacogenetics Implementation Consortium guidelines were communicated to the cardiologist. Results The patient cohort consisted of 34 patients. 25 patients were male and 9 were female, mean age was 66 years (range 49-75) and all patients were Caucasian. 21 patients were genotyped as non-carriers of the ∗2 allele, 12 patients were genotyped as carriers of one ∗2 allele and 1 patient was genotyped as a carrier of two ∗2 alleles. For the 13 patients with an actionable genotype, the pharmacist discussed choice of antiplatelet therapy with the cardiologist since they were candidates for an alternative to clopidogrel. Conclusion This POC assay was user friendly and rapidly identified carriers of the ∗2 allele. This study demonstrated the feasibility of this POC test to be implemented for pharmacist led CYP2C19∗2 genotype guided individualisation of antiplatelet therapy during the critical period post-PCI. ER  - 
Results of the use of pharmacogenetics in the choice of antiplatelet therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention with stent$$$ Background Clopidogrel provides a reduction in cardiovascular events in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients, particularly for those who have undergone percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). The cardiovascular response has been associated with some genetic polymorphisms. However, variability within the CYP2C19 and ABCB1 polymorphisms showed the higher level of evidence. Purpose To compare the efficacy and safety of the choice of antiplatelet therapy guided by genotyping versus without genotyping after PCI. Material and methods Quasi experimental design with retrospective control group including PCI patients requiring dual antiplatelet therapy for 1-12 months. In the genotyping group, CYP2C19∗2 allele or ABCB1 TT genotype carrier patients (loss of function (LOF)) received prasugrel or ticagrelor and clopidogrel in non-LOF carrier patients. In the control group (without genotyping), patients received antiplatelet treatment according to medical criteria. Analysis was made by intention to treat during the first year under dual antiplatelet therapy. Results 719 patients were included, 86.2% with ACS. In the genotyping group (317 patients), 41% were resistant to clopidogrel and 59% were sensitive to clopidogrel. The control group (402 patients) was treated with clopidogrel in the majority (7% received prasugrel). Baseline clinical characteristics were similar in both groups except for primary ICP (p = 0.001) and drug eluting stent (p = 0.0001). The primary endpoint was combined cardiovascular death, ACS, unstable angina or stroke. The primary endpoint occurred in 32 patients (10.1%) in the genotyping group and in 59 patients (14.7%) in the control group (HR 0.63, 95% CI 0.41 to 0.97, p = 0.037 (adjusted in multivariate analysis). There was no difference in TIMI major and minor bleeding between the two groups (4.1% vs 4.7%, HR 0.80, 95% CI 0.39 to 1.63, p = 0.55) and the net effect of efficacy and safety showed a favourable trend towards the genotyping group (13.9% vs 18.4%, HR 0.69, 95% CI 0.48 to 1.01, p = 0.058). Within the genotyping group, there was no difference in the rate of events in patients sensitive to clopidogrel versus resistant (9.1% vs 11.5% p = 0.44), or bleeding (3.7% vs 4.6%, p = 0.69). Conclusion The choice of antiplatelet therapy after PCI guided by genotyping is more effective and safer than the previous strategy without genotyping. ER  - 
Comparison of evolutions in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with stent between treatment guided by genetic test and without depending on genotyping$$$ Background: The clinical practice guidelines recommend dual anti-platelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel during 12 months for the prevention of cardiovascular events in patients with ACS. In the last years, different genetic polymorphisms have been associated with differences in response to clopidogrel, however, variability within the CYP2C19 and ABCB1 polymorphisms shown the higher level of évidence. Clopidogrel is metabolized by the CYP2C19 isoen-zyme to active metabolite responsible for the inhibition of platelet aggregation. It is also necessary for drug absorption P-glycoprotein which is encoded by the ABCB1 gene. According to CYP2C19 and ABCB1 genotype, the effectiveness of clopidogrel antiplatelet may differs establishing normal, intermediate and poor metabolizers; and good or poor transporters. Intermediate and poor metabolizers (CYP2C19∗2: ∗1/∗2 and ∗2/∗2) and poor transporters (ABCB1 TT) are responsible of poor antiplatelet drug response. In patients with poor response to the drug, which can cause increased risk of cardiovascular events, bleeding and stent thrombosis, genetic testing can be a useful tool for early identification and to direct treatment to the use of other antiplatelet drugs. Aims: To compare the evolution of patients undergoing PCI after ACS obtained before and after the recommendation of antiplatelet therapy based on their CYP2C19 and ABCB1 status.To assess the genetic differences in our group of patients compared to the reference population. Material and methods: Patients diagnosed with ACS between April 2010 and April 2012 in our hospital who started double antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel at discharge and returned for suffering a second ACS from April 2012. In this second time, antiplatelet therapy were prescribed according to CYP2C19∗2 (rs4244285) and ABCB1 (rs1045642) status. Carriers of CYP2C19∗2 allele and/or ABCB1 TT were prescribed prasugrel and those who were not carrying these genotypes were administered clopidogrel. Polymorphisms were genotyped using TaqMan® genotyping assays technology from Life Technologies and analyzed on a ViiA7® Real-time PCR system. The combined cardiovascular endpoint (cardiovascular death, ACS, stroke and stent thrombosis) were studied at 1 year, before and after genetic counseling. Genetic characteristics of 11 patients were compared with 1300 patients with ACS. Results: 11 patients were enrolled (diagnosed with ACS with a new cardiovascular event): 3 patients (28%) were poor metabolizers (CYP2C19∗1/∗2 or ∗2/∗2), 5 patients (46%) were bad transporters (ABCB1 TT) and 7 patients (63.7%) carriers CYP2C19∗2 and ABCB1 TT, only 4 patients were good metabolizers and transporters. The prevalence of poor metabolizers and transporters in the control population were 27.5% and 20.8% respectively. 7 out of 11 patients had a cardiac event within 12 months after discharge from the first ACS; after discharge from the second ACS (guided by genetic testing) only 4 of these 11 patients had a cardiac event within 12 months. Conclusions: There is a higher proportion of poor metabolizers and/or bad transporters of clopidogrel in patients with ACS compared with a the reference population-Treatment based on CYP2C19 and ABCB1 genotyping has reduced number of new cardiovascular events in the study population. ER  - 
Contemporary Patterns of Use of Antiplatelet Agents in Patients With Acute Myocardial Infarction: Insight From the National Cardiovascular Data Registry (NCDR)$$$ Background: Compared with clopidogrel, ticagrelor and prasugrel are more potent and faster-acting antiplatelet agents that have been associated with a greater reduction in thrombotic cardiovascular events in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI). We examined contemporary patterns of P2Y12 inhibitor selection both early (within 24 h of admission) and at discharge among AMI patients captured by a large national registry. Methods: Patients in the ACTION Registry® -GWTG™ who presented with AMI from October 2013 through December 2014 were included in the study (167,455 patients from 622 sites). Among these patients, we evaluated the temporal trends in early use (within 24 h of admission) and discharge prescription of antiplatelet agents and used logistic regression to identify factors associated with P2Y12 inhibitor selection at discharge. Results: Early ticagrelor use increased significantly over time from 11.8% to 16.4% (STEMI 19.6% to 27.6%; NSTEMI 6.8% to 9.5%; p<0.0001 for all). Similarly, ticagrelor prescription at discharge increased significantly from 12% to 16.7% (STEMI 17.5% to 24.6%; NSTEMI 8.7 to 11.9%; p<0.0001 for all). During the same time period, we observed a significant decrease in the early use of prasugrel and clopidogrel (13.3% to 11.9% and 43.4% to 39.5%, respectively, p<0.0001 for all) and their prescription at discharge (15.7% to 13.9% and 54.2% to 51.1%, respectively, p<0.0001 for all) (Figure 1). Independent factors associated with ticagrelor prescription at discharge over clopidogrel included younger age, white race, HMO/private insurance, home ticagrelor use, invasive management and in-hospital re-infarction and CVA (p<0.0001 for all), whereas prior CVA, atrial fibrillation and CABG favored clopidogrel prescription at discharge. Independent factors associated with ticagrelor prescription at discharge over prasugrel included older age, female gender, prior stroke, home ticagrelor use and in-hospital CVA (p<0.001 for all), whereas prior diabetes (p<0.001) and home prasugrel use (p<0.0001) were associated with prasugrel prescription at discharge. Conclusions: Our contemporary dataset shows a modest but significant increase in use of ticagrelor early and at discharge, with simultaneous decline in the use of clopidogrel and prasugrel in patients presenting with AMI. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Comparison of VerifyNow P2Y12 and thrombelastography for assessing clopidogrel response in stroke patients in China$$$ Poor response to clopidogrel is often associated with recurrent ischemic events, and reliable platelet function tests are needed to identify clopidogrel low response (CLR). The aim of the study was to compare the consistency of VerifyNow P2Y12 and thrombelastography (TEG) in acute ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. Patients hospitalized in Changhai Hospital from August 2012 to September 2013 and assigned to treatment with a daily 75-mg dose of clopidogrel. The blood samples were taken on the 5–7th day to assess the capability of VerifyNow P2Y12 and TEG for evaluation of clopidogrel response, and all instrument parameters were used to perform correlation analysis. Patients with CLR were detected by using the methods and criteria published earlier (PRU ≥ 230 assayed by VerifyNow P2Y12 or TEG-Inhib% ≤30 % measured by TEG). Totally 58 patients were enrolled for the study and there were wide varieties in parameters of VerifyNow P2Y12 and TEG. Results showed a total of 17 and 9 patients, respectively, identified as CLR assessed by VerifyNow P2Y12 and TEG, but only three patients were detected to be clopidogrel low responders with both tests. The kappa consistency analysis showed poor consistency between VerifyNow P2Y12 and TEG results in terms of CLR (Kappa = −0.0349, p = 0.7730). Linear regression also demonstrated poor correlation between VerifyNow-PRU/VerifyNow-Inhib% and TEG-Inhib% (p = 0.07901 and p = 0.3788, respectively). Our study demonstrated that there was poor correlation between VerifyNow P2Y12 and TEG results, and VerifyNow P2Y12 showed a larger proportion of CLR than TEG. ER  - 
Comparison of prasugrel and clopidogrel-treated patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: A propensity scorematched analysis of the Acute Myocardial Infarction in Switzerland (AMIS)-Plus Registry$$$ Objective: The purpose of this study was to investigate outcomes of patients treated with prasugrel or clopidogrel after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in a nationwide acute coronary syndrome (ACS) registry. Background: Prasugrel was found to be superior to clopidogrel in a randomized trial of ACS patients undergoing PCI. However, little is known about its efficacy in everyday practice. Methods: All ACS patients enrolled in the Acute Myocardial Infarction in Switzerland (AMIS)-Plus registry undergoing PCI and being treated with a thienopyridine P2Y12 inhibitor between January 2010–December 2013 were included in this analysis. Patients were stratified according to treatment with prasugrel or clopidogrel and outcomes were compared using propensity score matching. The primary endpoint was a composite of death, recurrent infarction and stroke at hospital discharge. Results: Out of 7621 patients, 2891 received prasugrel (38%) and 4730 received clopidogrel (62%). Independent predictors of in-hospital mortality were age, Killip class >2, STEMI, Charlson comorbidity index >1, and resuscitation prior to admission. After propensity score matching (2301 patients per group), the primary endpoint was significantly lower in prasugrel-treated patients (3.0% vs 4.3%; p=0.022) while bleeding events were more frequent (4.1% vs 3.0%; p=0.048). In-hospital mortality was significantly reduced (1.8% vs 3.1%; p=0.004), but no significant differences were observed in rates of recurrent infarction (0.8% vs 0.7%; p=1.00) or stroke (0.5% vs 0.6%; p=0.85). In a predefined subset of matched patients with one-year follow-up (n=1226), mortality between discharge and one year was not significantly reduced in prasugrel-treated patients (1.3% vs 1.9%, p=0.38). Conclusions: In everyday practice in Switzerland, prasugrel is predominantly used in younger patients with STEMI undergoing primary PCI. A propensity score-matched analysis suggests a mortality benefit from prasugrel compared with clopidogrel in these patients. ER  - 
Effect of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on the platelet response to clopidogrel and influence on the effect of high versus standard dose clopidogrel in carotid artery stenting$$$ Objectives Genetic background has been identified to be a major predictor of post-clopidogrel platelet inhibition in patients undergoing coronary stenting. However, there is a lack of data on clopidogrel response regarding genotype in patients undergoing carotid artery stenting (CAS). The influence of the most common allelic variants of CYP2C19 phenotypes and genotypes on response to baseline clopidogrel and on the pharmacodynamic effect of dose adjustment (high or standard dose of clopidogrel) in patients with high on-treatment reactivity after CAS was investigated. Methods Platelet reactivity was assessed before and 30 days after carotid stenting using the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay to obtain P2Y12 reactivity unit (PRU) values. Results A total of 209 patients (79.4% male, 44.1% currents smokers) were treated by CAS. Smokers improved responsiveness to clopidogrel (p =.034). With respect to CYP2C19 enzymatic function, 61 subjects (29.1%) were ultra-rapid metabolizers, 95 patients (45.5%) were extensive metabolizers, 51 (24.4%) were intermediate metabolizers, and two (0.96%) were poor metabolizers. Baseline PRU was significantly higher among intermediate-poor metabolizers compared with ultra-rapid (p =.001) or extensive metabolizers (p =.005). At 30 days follow up, in non-responding patients with the intermediate-poor metabolizer phenotype, the PRU value and inhibition percentage were significantly reduced with standard dose (p =.008; p =.0029) and high dose of clopidogrel (p =.00 0; p =.000). However, high dose clopidogrel did not achieve a more intense pharmacodynamic effect at 30 days (p =.994) compared with standard dose. Conclusions In patients undergoing carotid stenting, those with the CYP2C19∗2 allele had increased basal PRU values and in fact clopidogrel non-responders increased significantly among intermediate-poor metabolizers. Although high dose and standard dose clopidogrel therapy was effective in lowering the 30 day PRU values in patients with high on-treatment reactivity who are intermediate-poor metabolizers, the use of high dose clopidogrel did not result in statistically significantly greater reductions in reactivity compared with the standard dose. ER  - 
Association of PON1, P2Y12 and COX1 with recurrent ischemic events in patients with extracranial or intracranial stenting$$$ Background and Purpose: Short-term combined use of clopidogrel and aspirin improves cerebrovascular outcomes in patients with symptomatic extracranial or intracranial stenosis. Antiplatelet non-responsiveness is related to recurrent ischemic events, but the culprit genetic variants responsible for the non-responsiveness have not been well studied. We aimed to identify the genetic variants associated with poor clinical outcomes. Methods: Patients with symptomatic extracranial or intracranial stenosis scheduled for stenting and receiving dual antiplatelets (clopidogrel 75 mg and aspirin 100 mg daily) for at least 5 days before intervention were enrolled. Ischemic events including recurrent transient ischemic attack, stroke, myocardial infarction, and vascular-related mortality within 12 months followup were recorded. We examined the influence of genetic polymorphisms on treatment outcome in our patients. Results: A total of 268 patients were enrolled into our study and ischemic events were observed in 39 patients. For rs662 of paraoxonase 1(PON1), allele C was associated with an increased risk of ischemic events (OR = 1.64, 95%CI = 1.03-2.62, P = 0.029). The A-allele carriers of rs2046934 of P2Y12 had a significant association with adverse events (OR = 2.01, 95%CI = 1.10-3.67, P = 0.041). The variant T-allele of cyclooxygenase-1 (COX1) rs1330344 significantly increased the risk of recurrent clinical events (OR = 1.85, 95%CI = 1.12-3.03, P = 0.017). The other single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) had no association with ischemic events. Conclusions: PON1, P2Y12 and COX1 polymorphisms were associated with poorer vascular outcomes. Testing for these polymorphisms may be valuable in the identification of patients at risk for recurrent ischemic events. ER  - 
Cyp2c19 polymorphisms are not associated with the long-term clinical outcomes in stroke patients treated with clopidogrel$$$ Introduction: Active metabolite of clopidogrel blocks P2Y12 receptor and consequently reduces cardiovascular events (CVEs) in stroke patients. Since CYP2C19 is the major enzyme involved in the generation of active metabolite, several large-scale studies of the patients who mostly underwent percutaneous coronary intervention have indicated that the genotypes of CYP2C19 are associated with recurrent CVEs. However, reliable prospective data regarding this association in stroke patients are sparse. Methods: A multicenter, prospective cohort study of stable stroke patients receiving long-term clopidogrel therapy (for at least 28 days before enrollment) for the secondary prevention of CVEs was conducted at 14 hospitals in Japan. Between September 2010 and March 2012, 511 patients were enrolled and underwent CYP2C19 genotyping to identify loss-of-function polymorphisms (∗2 and ∗3). On-treatment platelet reactivity was assessed by ADP-induced platelet aggregation and vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) index. We followed all patients for 2 years to evaluate the association of CYP2C19 polymorphisms with the composite outcome including cardiac death, stroke, myocardial infarction and cerebral/carotid vascularization. Results: Median follow-up period was 728 days. Of 511 patients, 243 (48%) and 76 (15%) patients were classified as intermediate (IM:∗1/∗2 or ∗1/∗3) and poor (PM:∗2/∗2, ∗2/∗3, or ∗3/∗3) metabolizers, respectively. The prevalence of IM/PM was substantially higher than that of studies on Caucasian populations. On-treatment platelet reactivity (mean±SD) assessed by ADP-induced platelet aggregation (52±18% in extensive metabolizer [EM:∗1/∗1], 60±16% in IM, and 69±71% in PM) or VASP index (43±15% in EM, 52±16% in IM, and 67±14% in PM) was significantly different among the groups (p<0.0001). However, there was no significant difference in the incidence of the composite outcome among the groups (EM vs IM; hazard ratio [HR] 0.99 [95% CI 0.48-2.04], p=0.97, vs PM; HR 0.80 [0.26-2.51], p=0.70). Conclusions: Despite the significant association of CYP2C19 polymorphisms with on-treatment platelet reactivity, these parameters did not predict the recurrence of CVEs in stroke patients with long-term clopidogrel therapy. ER  - 
Purinergic receptor P2RY12-dependent microglial closure of the injured blood-brain barrier$$$ Microglia are integral functional elements of the central nervous system, but the contribution of these cells to the structural integrity of the neurovascular unit has not hitherto been assessed. We show here that following blood-brain barrier (BBB) breakdown, P2RY12 (purinergic receptor P2Y, G-protein coupled, 12)-mediated chemotaxis of microglia processes is required for the rapid closure of the BBB. Mice treated with the P2RY12 inhibitor clopidogrel, as well as those in which P2RY12 was genetically ablated, exhibited significantly diminished movement of juxtavascularmicroglial processes and failed to close laser-induced openings of the BBB. Thus, microglial cells play a previously unrecognized protective role in the maintenance of BBB integrity following cerebrovascular damage. Because clopidogrel antagonizes the platelet P2Y12 receptor, it is widely prescribed for patients with coronary artery and cerebrovascular disease. As such, these observations suggest the need for caution in the postincident continuation of P2RY12-targeted platelet inhibition. ER  - 
Changes in practice patterns of clopidogrel in combination with proton pump inhibitors after an fda safety communication$$$ Objectives In 2009, the FDA issued a warning that omeprazole-a proton pump inhibitor (PPI)-reduces the antithrombotic effect of clopidogrel by almost half when taken concomitantly. This study aims to analyze the impact of the FDA Safety Communications on prescribing clopidogrel together with PPIs. Methods This retrospective study identified clopidogrel users from the Truven Health Analytics MarketScan Databases (01/2006-12/2012). Rates of clopidogrel-PPI combination therapy were estimated in 6-month intervals for patients with -1 clopidogrel prescription fill, then were analyzed pre-And post-safety communication (11/17/2009). Analyses were also conducted by grouping PPIs into CYP2C19 inhibitors (omeprazole and esomeprazole) and CYP2C19 non-inhibitors (pantoprazole, lansoprazole, dexlansoprazole, and rabeprazole). Results Overall, 483,074 patients met the selection criteria; of these, 157,248 used a clopidogrel-PPI combination. On average, 30.5%of patients in the pre-And 19.9%in the post-communication period used a clopidogrel-PPI combination therapy. Among clopidogrel users, the probability of using clopidogrel-PPI combinations fell by over 40% in the post-communication period (OR = 0.57; p0.001); the proportion of patients using esomeprazole fell from 12.9% to 5.3%, and the proportion using omeprazole fell from 10.1% to 6.3%. Among combination therapy users, the probability of patients using a combination with a CYP2C19 inhibitor decreased by 53% (OR = 0.47; p0.001); however, 31.5% of patients were still prescribed a clopidogrel-PPI combination therapy. Trends were similar for all and newly treated patients, regardless of clopidogrel indication and physician specialty. Conclusions The FDA Safety Communication resulted in a reduction in the number of patients undergoing combination therapy; however approximately one-third of patients still used combination therapy post-communication. ER  - 
How to test the effect of aspirin and clopidogrel in patients on dual antiplatelet therapy?$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel and aspirin is frequently used for the prevention of recurrent ischemic events. Various laboratory methods are used to detect the effect of these drugs administered in monotherapy, however their value in dual therapy has not been explored. Here, we determined which methods used for testing the effect of clopidogrel or aspirin are influenced by the other antiplatelet agent. One arm of the study included 53 ischemic stroke patients being on clopidogrel monotherapy showing effective inhibition of the P2Y12 ADP receptor. Laboratory tests routinely used for the detection of aspirin resistance (arachidonic acid (AA)-induced platelet aggregation/secretion, AA-induced thromboxane B2 (TXB2) production in platelet-rich plasma and VerifyNow Aspirin assay) were carried out on samples obtained from these patients. The other arm of the study involved 52 patients with coronary artery disease being on aspirin monotherapy. Methods used for testing the effect of clopidogrel (ADP-induced platelet aggregation and secretion, flow cytometric analysis of vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) phosphorylation and a newly developed P2Y12-specific platelet aggregation (ADP[PGE1] test)) were performed on samples obtained from these patients. Clopidogrel monotherapy significantly inhibited AA-induced platelet aggregation and secretion, moreover, AA-induced TXB2 production was also significantly decreased. VASP phosphorylation and AA-induced platelet aggregation showed fair correlation in patients taking clopidogrel only. Clopidogrel did not inhibit the VerifyNow Aspirin test significantly. Aspirin monotherapy influenced ADP-induced platelet aggregation and secretion, but did not have an effect on VASP phosphorylation and on the ADP[PGE1] platelet aggregation test. ER  - 
Comparison of antiplatelet effect and safety of clopidogrel napadisilate with clopidogrel bisulfate in stroke patients: Multicenter, randomized, open-label, phase 4, non-inferiority clinical trial$$$ Objective:Clopidogrel napadisilate has better chemical stability than clopidogrel bisulfate. Our trials objective was to compare the efficacy and safety of clopidogrel napadisilate with clopidogrel bisulfate in participants with ischemic stroke.Research design and methods:The study was a phase 4, 4 week, randomized, parallel-group, non-inferiority trial. Patients with ischemic stroke were randomized to receive either clopidogrel napadisilate 75 mg or clopidogrel bisulfate 75 mg. The primary study endpoint was change from baseline in P2Y12 percentage inhibition at week 4. The primary analysis was conducted in the per-protocol population. Non-inferiority was confirmed if the lower limit of the 95% confidence interval (CI) of the treatment difference was greater than or equal to -9.0% points.Results:Sixty-one participants were randomly assigned clopidogrel napadisilate and 60 were randomly assigned clopidogrel bisulfate. Thirty-nine participants in the clopidogrel napadisilate group and 39 in the clopidogrel bisulfate group were analyzed for the primary endpoint. At 4 weeks, mean P2Y12 percentage inhibition had increased in both treatment groups. The estimated mean change from baseline was 22.3% with clopidogrel napadisilate and 21.4% with clopidogrel bisulfate; the estimated treatment difference of 0.9% (95% CI, -8.6 to 10.4) confirmed the non-inferiority of clopidogrel napadisilate to clopidogrel bisulfate.Conclusions:Clopidogrel napadisilate was non-inferior to clopidogrel bisulfate as assessed by change in P2Y12 percentage inhibition. Rates of adverse events were similar between the two groups. Therefore, clopidogrel napadisilate is a useful alternative option for the dosing of ischemic stroke patient populations. ER  - 
Patients with both CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele and peripheral endothelial dysfunction are significantly correlated with adverse cardiovascular events following coronary stent implantation$$$ Background: There is some controversy regarding the effect of CYP2C19 polymorphism on clinical outcome in patients receiving dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT). Peripheral endothelial dysfunction has recently been reported to predict adverse cardiovascular events. We hypothesized that CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) allele carriers with peripheral endothelial dysfunction had worse prognosis. The aim of this study was to evaluate an additive effect of peripheral endothelial dysfunction on clinical outcome following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in patients with a CYP2C19 variant. Methods: We enrolled 434 patients on DAPT following PCI. CYP2C19 genotype was examined, and we divided patients into two groups: carriers, who had at least one CYP2C19 LOF allele, and non-carriers. Peripheral endothelial dysfunction was examined using reactive hyperemia-peripheral arterial tonometry index (RHI), and we divided patients into low and high RHI. Thus, subjects were divided into four groups, and clinical events were followed up. Results: A total of 55 patients had a cardiovascular event. Kaplan-Meier analysis demonstrated a significantly higher probability of cardiovascular events in carriers with low RHI (log-rank test: p = 0.007). Multivariate Cox proportional hazards analysis identified both CYP2C19 LOF allele possession (hazard ratio (HR): 1.94; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.1-3.69; p = 0.045) and low RHI (HR: 2.15; 95% CI: 1.22-3.78; p = 0.008) as independent and significant predictors of future cardiovascular events. Conclusions: CYP2C19 LOF allele carriers with peripheral endothelial dysfunction were significantly correlated with cardiovascular events. The additional evaluation of peripheral endothelial function along with CYP2C19 polymorphism might improve risk stratification after coronary stent implantation. ER  - 
Influence of Diabetes Mellitus and Cigarette Smoking on Variability of the Clopidogrel-Induced Antiplatelet Effect and Efficacy of Active Management of the Target P2Y12 Reaction Unit Range in Patients Undergoing Neurointerventional Procedures$$$ Background Optimal antiplatelet inhibition is essential in patients undergoing neurointerventional procedures; however, variability in response to clopidogrel can contribute to thromboembolic and hemorrhagic complications. The present study evaluated the influence of diabetes mellitus and cigarette smoking on clopidogrel reactivity. Methods Between 2011 and 2013, 71 consecutive patients underwent aneurysmal coil embolization (CE) or carotid artery stenting (CAS) and received clopidogrel (75 mg daily) and aspirin (100 mg daily) before the treatment. The patients were divided into 2 groups: CE (n = 31) and CAS (n = 40). The patients underwent prospective assessment of preoperative platelet function using VerifyNow assay and received adjunctive cilostazol (200 mg daily, triple antiplatelet therapy) in case of clopidogrel hyporesponse. Patients with clopidogrel hyper-response underwent clopidogrel dose reduction (clopidogrel, 12.5-50 mg daily). Results Clopidogrel resistance was noted in 15 patients (37.5%) in the CAS group and in 4 patients (12.9%) in the CE group (P =.031). Clopidogrel hyper-response was noted in 2 patients (5%) in the CAS group and in 11 patients (54.8%) in the CE group (P <.001). There was a significant difference in the baseline clinical characteristics between the 2 groups. In the multivariate logistic regression analysis, diabetes and age were independent predictors of clopidogrel hyporesponse, whereas current smoker was an independent predictor of clopidogrel hyper-response. Conclusions Significant differences in baseline clinical characteristics were present when comparing patients undergoing endovascular treatment of unruptured cerebral aneurysms and carotid artery stenosis. Diabetes mellitus and current smoker status were independent factors related to reactivity to clopidogrel. ER  - 
Association between high on-treatment platelet reactivity and occurrence of cerebral ischemic events in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Introduction Percutaneous coronary angioplasty (PCI) has become a routine treatment in symptomatic patients with coronary artery disease. The use of new generation drug eluting stents (DES) and dual antiplatelet therapy has significantly improved treatment outcomes and increased patients' safety by reducing the risk of stent thrombosis. Aims The goal of this study was to assess whether high on treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR), despite clopidogrel treatment, measured with Multiplate Electrode Aggregometer (MEA) is associated with the risk of adverse ischemic cerebral events. Methods Symptomatic patients with coronary artery disease admitted for coronary angiography and angioplasty (PCI) were consecutively enrolled in this study. 249 consecutive patients underwent coronary artery stenting for stable angina (n = 215) or non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome (n = 34). Inhibition of platelet aggregation was assessed by MEA. Genetic polymorphism of CYP2C19 was tested by HRM Real-Time PCR method in 150 patients. Results Patients with HTPR were more frequently diagnosed with ischemic stroke (p = 0.0351, OR = 16.818, 95% CI [1.464-193.23]) and other ischemic cerebral events (stroke or TIA, p = 0.0339, OR = 6.5, 95% CI [1.36-31.07]). Cumulative assessment of all ischemic and hemorrhagic events showed no statistical significance. Cerebral ischemic event was the only adverse event that correlated with CYP2C19 (∗2/∗2) allele (p = 0.0489, OR = 10; 95% CI [1.39-71.80]). Conclusions HTPR assessed by MEA, in patients treated with clopidogrel after coronary artery stenting was found to be an important risk factor of ischemic cerebral events. In concordance, the carriers of CYP2C19∗2/∗2 allele showed an increased rate of ischemic cerebral events. ER  - 
High-dose clopidogrel versus ticagrelor for treatment of acute coronary syndromes after percutaneous coronary intervention in CYP2C19 intermediate or poor metabolizers: A prospective, randomized, open-label, single-centre trial$$$ Objective The present study was designed to compare the outcome and safety of dual antiplatelet therapies (DAPTs) in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) (intermediate metabolizers [IM] or poor metabolizers [PM]) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods and results From September 20, 2013, to June 8, 2014, the study enrolled 329 patients with ACS scheduled for PCI. Of these, 181 (55%) patients with IM or PM were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive either high-dose clopidogrel or ticagrelor. The high-dose clopidogrel group received a 600-mg loading dose (LD) and finally 75 mg QD, and the ticagrelor group received 180 mg LD following 90 mg b.i.d. After 6 months of DAPT, the primary end point (composition of death, stroke, recurrent myocardial infarction [MI], and stent thrombosis) occurred in 4.4% of patients receiving ticagrelor compared with 20.0% of those receiving high-dose clopidogrel (P < 0.001). Survival probability analysis revealed a higher survival rate with ticagrelor (95% survival probability) than with clopidogrel (87% survival probability), indicating that the incidence rate of death, stroke, and recurrent MI is lower with ticagrelor than with clopidogrel (HR 2.54; 95% CI: 0.89 to 7.21; P = 0.07). Although the rates of major or minor bleeding event were high in the clopidogrel vs ticagrelor groups, they did not differ significantly. Dyspnoea and hyperuricaemia were more commonly observed in the ticagrelor group than the high-dose clopidogrel group (4.5% vs 3.8%, P = 0.03; 1.1% vs 7.7%, P < 0.001). Conclusion Ticagrelor is a more efficacious and safer treatment option in IM or PM patients with ACS compared with high-dose clopidogrel. ER  - 
Laboratory-based markers as predictors of brain infarction during carotid stenting: A prospective study$$$ Aim: New ischemic lesions in the brain can be detected in approximately 50% of patients undergoing carotid artery stenting (CAS). We wished to discover the laboratory-based predictors of new infarctions in the brain after CAS. Methods: All consecutive patients with internal carotid artery stenosis of ≥70% with indication for CAS were enrolled in a prospective study for 16 months. All patients used dual antiplatelet therapy for ≥7 days before CAS. Neurologic examination and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the brain were undertaken before and at 24 h after CAS. Samples of venous blood were collected at <24 h before CAS for the evaluation of hematology, reticulocytes, coagulation markers (PT, APTT, Fbg, Clauss), vWF antigen, PAI-1 activity, PAI-1 polymorphism 4G/5G, and the multiplate (aspirin and clopidogrel) resistance test. Blood samples for the assessment of anti-Xa activity were collected during CAS. Differences in the values of laboratory markers between patients with and without new ischemic lesions of the brain on control MRI were evaluated. Results: The cohort comprised 81 patients (53 males; mean age, 67.3±7.2 years). New ischemic infarctions in the brain on control MRI were found in 46 (56.8%) patients. Three of seven patients with resistance to aspirin or clopidogrel had a new ischemic infarction in the brain. No significant differences for particular markers were found between patients with and without an ischemic lesion in the brain. Conclusion: A high risk of a new ischemic infarction in the brain was detected in patients undergoing CAS, but a laboratory-based predictor of such an infarction could not be identified. ER  - 
Incidence and clinical features of early stent thrombosis in the era of new P2Y12 inhibitors (PLATIS-2)$$$ Early stent thrombosis (EST) (≤ 30 days after stent implantation) is a relatively rare but deleterious complication of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Administration of newer P2Y12 inhibitors (prasugrel and ticagrelor) combined with aspirin has been shown to reduce the incidence of sub-acute and late stent thrombosis, compared with clopidogrel.We investigated the "real life" incidence of EST in patients from a large acute coronary syndrome (ACS) national registry, where newer P2Y12 inhibitors are widely used. Patients were derived from the ACS Israeli Survey (ACSIS), conducted during 2006, 2008, 2010 and 2013. Major adverse cardiac events (MACE) at 30days were defined as all-cause death, recurrent ACS, EST and stroke.Of the 4717 ACS patients who underwent PCI and stenting, 83% received clopidogrel and 17% newer P2Y12 inhibitors. The rate of EST was similar in both groups (1.7% in the newer P2Y12 inhibitor group vs. 1.4% in the clopidogrel-treated patients, p = 0.42). Results were consistent after multivariate analysis (adjusted HR = 1.06 [p = 0.89]). MACE occurred in 6.4% in the newer P2Y12 inhibitor group compared with 9.2% in the clopidogrel group (P<0.01). However, multivariate logistic regression modeling showed that treatment with newer P2Y12 inhibitors was not significantly associated with the secondary endpoint of MACE when compared with clopidogrel therapy [OR = 1.26 95%CI (0.93-1.73), P = 0.136]. The incidence of "real life" EST at 1 month is relatively low, and appears to be similar in patients who receive newer P2Y12 inhibitors as well as in those who receive clopidogrel. ER  - 
Coronary thrombus in 34-year-old female patient with 4G/4G polymorphism in the PAI-1 gene$$$ Genetic factors and hypofibrinolytic state may contribute to the likelihood of developing in myocardial infarction (MI) in young women rather than traditional risk factors. High plasminogen-activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) level and PAI-1 gene polymorphism have been shown to be associated with thrombotic events such as myocardial infarction, deep venous thrombosis, and stroke. We determined 4G/4G polymorphism in a 34-year-old female patient with subacute anterior myocardial infarction and coronary thrombus in left anterior descending artery on coronary angiogram. ER  - 
Association of cytochrome P450 genetic variants with clopidogrel resistance and outcomes in acute ischemic stroke$$$ Aims: Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet drug primarily used to treat or prevent acute ischemic stroke (IS) or myocardial infarction (MI). This prodrug requires biotransformation to an active metabolite by cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes, and CYP single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) could affect the efficiency of such biotransformation. Methods: A total of 375 consecutive IS patients were genotyped for eight CYP SNPs using mass spectrometry. Platelet aggregation activity was measured before and after the 7 –10 day treatment. Gene –gene interactions were analyzed using generalized multifactor dimensionality reduction (GMDR) analysis. All patients received clopidogrel therapy and were followed up for six months. Primary outcomes were evaluated as a composite of recurrent ischemic stroke (RIS), MI, and death. The secondary outcome was the modified Rankin Scale (mRS). Results: Clopidogrel resistance occurred in 153 patients (40.8%). The frequency of CYP3A5 (rs776746) GG/AG and CYP2C19*2 (rs4244285) AA/AG genotypes was significantly higher in clopidogrelresistant patients than in sensitive patients. There was a significant gene–gene interaction between CYP3A5 (rs776746) and CYP2C19*2 (rs4244285). CYP2C19*2 AA and its interaction with CYP3A5 GG were independent predictors of clopidogrel resistance and affected the activity of platelet aggregation. Diabetes mellitus, CYP2C19*2 (rs4244285), clopidogrel resistance, and the interaction of CYP2C19*2 with CYP3A5 were all independent risk factors for the primary outcomes of clopidogrel treatment. Clopidogrel-resistant patients were more likely to have poor outcomes (mRS>2 points) compared with clopidogrel-sensitive patients. Conclusion: CYP SNPs and their interactions are associated with drug resistance and outcomes in acute IS patients. ER  - 
Relationship between clopidogrel-related polymorphisms and variable platelet reactivity at 1 year: A cohort study from Han Chinese$$$ Background: This study was designed to investigate the effect of clopidogrel‑related gene polymorphisms on platelet reactivity and clinical outcome in Chinese Han patients. Materials and Methods: Three hundred and thirty‑six percutaneous coronary intervention ‑ treated patients were recruited and followed for 1 year. Blood samples were collected from all patients for DNA genotyping. The platelet reactivity unit was measured by the VerifyNow technique. The CYP2C19*2, CYP2C19*3, CYP2C19*17, ATP‑binding cassette subfamily B member 1, ITGB3, CYP2C9*3, CYP2B6*9, and P2Y12 alleles were assessed. Results: The clinical endpoints were related to previous heart disease history (11.90% vs. 28.57%, P = 0.017), stroke (12.24% vs. 16.67%, P = 0.039), and diabetes (27.55% vs. 52.38%, P = 0.047). High on‑treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) was frequent in advanced age (P = 0.019), male gender (P = 0.016), hypertension (P = 0.033), and chronic renal failure (P = 0.040). There were more endpoints in the CYP2C19*2 and P2Y12 mutant carriers (76.19% vs. 43.20%, P < 0.001; 50.00% vs. 35.71%, P = 0.001, respectively), whereas fewer in the CYP2C19*17 mutant carriers (11.90% vs. 56.46%, P = 0.001). CYP2C19*2 and P2Y12 polymorphism manifested HTPR (194.25 ± 45.91 vs. 151.38 ± 58.14, P < 0.001; 180.33 ± 67.25 vs. 161.89 ± 56.49, P = 0.008, respectively), whereas CYP2C19*17 mutant improved platelet reactivity (97.17 ± 45.38 vs. 169.08 ± 57.15, P = 0.003). However, there were no further cardiovascular deaths in endpoint patients. Conclusion: In Han Chinese people of mainland China, clopidogrel‑related gene polymorphisms are related to variable platelet reactivity after clopidogrel maintenance dosing, which influences major adverse cardiovascular events, without an effect on cardiac death. ER  - 
Antithrombotic management in patients with percutaneous coronary intervention requiring oral anticoagulation$$$ The dynamic evolution of therapeutic options including the use of vitamin K antagonists (VKA), non-vitamin K oral anticoagulants (NOAC), more potent antiplatelet drugs as well as new generation drug-eluting stents could lead to the view that the current recommendations on the management of patients with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) requiring oral anticoagulation do not keep up with the results of several clinical studies published within the last 5 years. In the present overview, we summarize the recent advances in antithrombotic management used in atrial fbrillation patients undergoing PCI for stable coronary artery disease or acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The safety and efcacy of prasugrel and ticagrelor taken with oral anticoagulants also remain to be established in randomized trials; therefore the P2Y12 inhibitor clopidogrel on top of aspirin or without is now recommended to be used together with a VKA or NOAC. It is still unclear which dose of a NOAC in combination with antiplatelet agents and different stents should be used in this clinical setting and whether indeed NOAC are safer compared with VKA in such cardiovascular patients. Moreover, we discuss the use of anticoagulation in addition to antiplatelet therapy for secondary prevention in patients with ACS. To minimize bleeding risk in anticoagulated patients following PCI or ACS, the right agent should be prescribed to the right patient at the right dose and supported by regular clinical evaluation and laboratory testing, especially assessment of renal function when a NOAC is used. ER  - 
Clinical and laboratory predictors of major adverse cardiac events in patients with ischemic heart disease following elective percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Background. Despite recent advances in stent design and constantly improving protective pharmacological strategies, complications and adverse events following percutaneous coronary interventions (PCI) are still major factors influencing morbidity and mortality. Therefore, predicting secondary vascular occlusions represents an unmet medical need. Aim. To triage clinical and laboratory predictors of major adverse clinical events (MACE) following coronary stenting. Material and methods. This was a prospective, case-controlled, single-center study, which included 94 consecutive patients with documented ischemic heart disease (IHD) who underwent PCI with drug-eluting stent implantation. All patients received dual antiplatelet therapy with acetyl salicylic acid and clopidogrel. Numerous clinical characteristics and laboratory biomarkers were assessed before stenting, as well as CYP2C19 genotyping after patient's discharge and were correlated with poststenting MACE over the mean follow-up of 28 months. MACE included death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, target vessel revascularisation, stroke, stent thrombosis, angina recurrence and in-stent restenosis. Results. Twenty-three patients experienced MACE. According to univariate regression analysis we found following MACE predictors after PCI: diabetes mellitus (p=0.049), P2Y12 Reaction Units (PRU) according to Verify Now® (p=0.01), number of stented arteries more than 2 (p=0.01), number of implanted stents more than 2 (p=0.01), baseline levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) (p=0.03) and von Willebrand activity (vWF) (p=0.01). Using multivariate analysis we demonstrated that concomitant diabetes mellitus, PRU ≥202, PAI-1 level ≥75.95 ng/ml, von Willebrand factor activity ≥155.15% are independent predictors of adverse cardiac events after PCI in stable IHD patients. Other clinical characteristics and laboratory indices, including CYP2C19*2 carriage, showed no significant impact on outcomes after elective PCI. Conclusions. Background diabetes mellitus, high on-treatment platelet reactivity (according to VerifyNow®), PAI-1 and vWF presenting activity may be useful for MACE prediction over 28 months of follow-up after PCI with drug-eluting stent implantation. ER  - 
Dual antiplatelet therapy in patients with Stable Ischemic heart disease$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) is the use of a P2Y12 receptor antagonist (clopidogrel, prasugrel, or ticagrelor) in combination with aspirin. Recommendations for its use are primarily in patients who have experienced acute coronary syndrome (ACS) or percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in the preceding 12 months. There is a growing body of evidence, however, investigating the use of long-duration DAPT in patients with stable ischemic heart disease (SIHD). SIHD is defined as clinical evidence of ischemic heart disease, without an ACS event in the preceding 12 months, and includes patients with stable angina, elective PCI, and remote history of ACS. The use of DAPT in the SIHD population and the recent advancements in our under- standing of its use are the focus of this review. ER  - 
PAMFix, a fixative developed to enable remote platelet function testing: Uses and applications$$$ Aims: Platelet function is usually studied in freshly prepared whole blood or in PRP derived from it within two to four hours of obtaining the blood. PAMFix (Platelet Solutions Ltd, Nottingham, UK) is a fixative that was developed to stabilize the platelet biomarker P-selectin on activated platelets for at least 9 days. The aim here was to determine whether stabilization of this biomarker introduced the possibility of performing measurements of platelet function remotely where there is no access to special equipment or special technical expertise. Methods: Platelets in whole blood or PRP were stimulated with a variety of different platelet agonists following which PAMFix was added. The fixed blood samples were then transported to a central laboratory where the platelets were examined using flow cytometry. Results: 1. Levels of P-selectin on platelets in whole blood were determined at different times after platelet stimulation and also before and after transportation of fixed blood samples at ambient temperatures. Excellent stability was demonstrated, first up to 9 days, and later up to 28 days. 2. A particular use for PAMFix is as a component of various Platelet Kits for measurements of platelet function, including Aspirin Kits and P2Y12 Kits designed to determine the inhibitory effects of aspirin and P2Y12 antagonists respectively. Aspirin profoundly inhibited P-selectin expression in blood from over 95% of patients with coronary heart disease, however over half of patients on clopidogrel did not respond well to treatment. Prasugrel was significantly more effective than clopidogrel but only in patients without hypertension. Patients with cardiovascular disease who exhibit high residual P-selectin measured using the P2Y12 test were shown to have a significantly raised likelihood of a further thrombotic event (p=0.026). 3. P-selectin measurements on stored blood samples correlate well with other measures of platelet function, including light transmission aggregometry, whole blood aggregometry and assays of VASP phosphorylation. 4. PAMFix is also useful for assessing platelet function in stroke, for diagnosis in patients with platelet dysfunction, and for veterinary studies. Conclusions: There is now considerable experience of using activation markers, especially P-selectin, on stabilized platelets in stored, fixed, blood samples as a means of measuring platelet function. The approach is simple to use at the point that a blood sample is obtained. Fixation obviated the need for special equipment or technical expertise at the point of blood sampling. ER  - 
Clinical equivalence of the verifynow prutest and P2Y12 - Target values for patients treated with thienopyridine inhibitors$$$ VerifyNow (VN) uses light transmission technology to measure platelet function in whole blood and the effectiveness of specific platelet inhibitors. The thienopyridine class of inhibitors including clopidogrel and prasugrel are used in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) to block the ADP platelet P2Y12 receptor, thus reducing platelet induced vascular obstruction. The native VN P2Y12 test has been used in large randomized trials, including GRAVITAS, which defined the P2Y12 value of 208 as an effective platelet inhibition for reducing thrombosis and ischemia. PRUTest (P2Y12 Reaction Units) is the next generation assay. This study was undertaken to demonstrate the equivalence of the two assays to ensure transference of the ACS trial information to the current PRUTest platform. Following an initial direct method comparison study, in which normal donors were evaluated showing equivalence of the PRU lower limit reference range (x = 183; 2.5 centile; 90%CI= 169-198, N=147) and P2Y12 (x = 180; 2.5 centile 90%CI=164-197, N=84), a survey of PRU values in an ACS platelet inhibited population was conducted. The table below demonstrates PRU mean values, SD, central 90% CI for untreated (N=231) and treated (N=101) patients with drug dosage shown for clopidogrel, prasugrel and aspirin, usually given in a dual antiplatelet regimen. (Table Presented) Summary: The P2Y12 receptor inhibitors clopidogrel and prasugrel inhibit platelet aggregation measureable as a statistically lower PRU range compared to that of the untreated ACS population. In the study population 19.0% of clopidogrel treated patients did not achieve a PRU value <200 PRU; which coincides with medical literature which cites 20-25% patients retain high residual platelet reactivity (HRPR) on clopidogrel (“clopidogrel resistance”). These patients are at a much higher risk of cardiovascular events, e.g., myocardial infarction and stroke and require more aggressive antiplatelet drug treatment. The VerifyNow PRUTest provides the means to identify and properly manage clopidogrel effectiveness. ER  - 
P2Y12 Receptor Antagonists: Which One to Choose? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ BACKGROUND: Pharmacological properties of the currently available P2Y12 receptor antagonists differ significantly and lead to different degrees of platelets inhibition and cardiovascular outcomes. METHODS: We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of the comparative effects of newer antiplatelet agents versus clopidogrel on major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, major bleeding and stent thrombosis, in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and/or undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). RESULTS: We identified 11 prospective randomized studies comparing newer antiplatelets to clopidogrel. The total number of participants included in meta-analysis was 70239. The total number of participants treated with clopidogrel was 34792 while 35447 patients were assigned to newer P2Y12 inhibitors, of which 29.4% received ticagrelor, 35.2% prasugrel and 35.4% were loaded with intravenous cangrelor. Ticagrelor use was associated with significantly reduced MACE, all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction and stent thrombosis and similar rates of stroke and major bleeding compared to clopidogrel in patients with ACS and/or PCI. Prasugrel use was associated with significantly lower rates of MACE, MI and stent thrombosis but significantly high rates of major bleeding and thus no all-cause mortality benefit compared to clopidogrel. CONCLUSION: Newer P2Y12 receptor antagonists are associated with better cardiovascular outcomes in patients with ACS and/or undergoing PCI. Prasugrel use resulted in higher major bleeding rates and no overall mortality benefit compared with clopidogrel. ER  - 
New targets in antiplatelet effect: Signaling pathways$$$ Platelets are key cells in maintaining hemostasis, but they are play important role in the pathogenesis atherothrombotic diseases are still the primary death reasons in the worldwide. Following endothelial damage, platelets adhere with the collagen in the subendothelium and aggregate upon their activation with different agonists (e.g. ADP, TXA2, 5HT, PAF, and thrombin). If this process in excessively activated, it leads to thrombotic disorder leading to vascular blockage. Antiplatelet drugs have a pivotal role in the prevention of myocardial infarction and stroke result from thrombotic occlusion and ischemic damage, and in decreasing the risk of death related to these diseases. There are several classes of antiplatelet drugs targeting main platelet receptors or its signaling pathways (e.g. COX-1 inhibitor, ADP receptor P2Y12 antagonists, αIIbβ3 integrin (GPIIb/IIIa) receptor antagonists, thrombin PAR-1 receptor antagonists, and phosphodiesterase inhibitors). An ideal antiplatelet drug should specifically inhibit thrombogenic platelet dependent mechanisms in vascular diseases without interfering with platelet function providing the normal hemostasis and also should be free from any major adverse effects. None of the currently developed drugs meet these criteria at present. The major adverse effects of current most widely used antiplatelet drugs are bleeding and bleeding risk limiting the benefits of these drugs. Furthermore, variability in response and resistance towards antiplatelet drugs such as aspirin and clopidogrel which are commonly used in therapy, limited efficacy, failure in oral applicability (e.g. GPIIb/IIIa antagonists) and necessity of monitoring dosage are the other problems to be solved in the future antiplatelet therapy regimen and accelerate the studies to find newer targets and to develop newer antiplatelet agents. Collagen-specific platelet glycoprotein VI (GPVI) receptor which is a member of immunoreceptor family and its signaling represents one of the attractive new targets for antiplatelet therapy without bleeding risk because it is only expressed on platelet and platelet precursor cells megakaryocytes. Also, compounds targeting GPVI will enable opportunity to prevent thrombosis at early phase because of that interaction between GPVI and collagen occurs at early phase of platelet adhesion and activation. In addition, targeting intracellular signaling downstream from G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) with PI3Kβ and Gq are the novel strategies under investigation. Apart from the ongoing clinical research devoted to the most promising targets (e.g. PARs, GPVI, and GPIb-von Willebrand factor axis) or preclinical investigation on potential targets, the improvements in understanding of complex intracellular signaling mechanisms of platelets will provide an opportunity to discover novel compound which are more effective and with less off target effects in the future. ER  - 
ATTAIN-Registry: Use of P2Y12-inhibitors in patients presenting with acute coronary syndrome in Austria$$$ Background: Both novel P2Y12-inhibitors (Prasugrel and Ticagrelor) have been shown to be superior compared to Clopidogrel. We sought to assess the prescription rate of the new P2Y12-inhibitors in patients presenting with ACS and its predictive parameters in Austrian PCI centres. Methods: In this prospective multi-centre registry patients presenting with ACS at the emergency department at three Austrian hospitals were included. Platelet specific treatment strategies at admission and discharge were assessed in order to evaluate their guideline conform use. Results: 601 patients were included from January until June 2015, 34.3 % were female. 298 (49.6 %) were diagnosed with STelevation myocardial infarction, 303 (50.4 %) with non-ST-elevation-ACS (NSTE-ACS). 87 (14.5 %) of all patients had either an absolute contraindication against Prasugrel or Ticagrelor or atrial fibrillation. At discharge 189 (31.4 %) received Clopidogrel, 154 (25.6 %) Prasugrel, 193 (32.1 %) Ticagrelor and 31 (5.2 %) had no P2Y12-inhibitor. Of those who received Clopidogrel, 124 (20.6 % of all patients) had neither an absolute contraindication against a new P2Y12-inhibitor, nor atrial fibrillation. In multivariate logistic regression analysis predictive factors for use of Clopidogrel were NSTE-ACS (OR = 2.26 [1.40-3.64]; p = 0.001), hypertension (OR = 1.77 [1.06-2.95]; p = 0.029), prior stroke (OR = 8.91 [2.66-29.87]; p < 0.001), atrial fibrillation (OR = 30.40 [10.11-91.39]; p < 0.001), age > 75 years (OR = 2.38 [1.41-4.00]; p = 0.001) and coronary artery bypass graft vs. percutaneous coronary intervention (OR = 0.07 [0.02-0.26]; p < 0.001). Conclusions: Despite very clear data on the superiority of the novel P2Y12 inhibitors, prescription of Clopidogrel remains high. Parameters associated with a presumably higher risk of bleeding were the most prominent factors for the prescription of Clopidogrel. Still, a quarter of all patients received Clopidogrel despite the lack of contra indications for the more powerful alternatives. ER  - 
Blood cells: an historical account of the roles of purinergic signalling$$$ The involvement of purinergic signalling in the physiology of erythrocytes, platelets and leukocytes was recognised early. The release of ATP and the expression of purinoceptors and ectonucleotidases on erythrocytes in health and disease are reviewed. The release of ATP and ADP from platelets and the expression and roles of P1, P2Y1, P2Y12 and P2X1 receptors on platelets are described. P2Y1 and P2X1 receptors mediate changes in platelet shape, while P2Y12 receptors mediate platelet aggregation. The changes in the role of purinergic signalling in a variety of disease conditions are considered. The successful use of P2Y12 receptor antagonists, such as clopidogrel and ticagrelor, for the treatment of thrombosis, myocardial infarction and stroke is discussed. ER  - 
Pharmacogenetics of healthy volunteers in Puerto Rico$$$ Puerto Ricans are a unique Hispanic population with European, Native American (Taino), and higher West African ancestral contributions than other non-Caribbean Hispanics. In admixed populations, such as Puerto Ricans, genetic variants can be found at different frequencies when compared to parental populations and uniquely combined and distributed. Therefore, in this review, we aimed to collect data from studies conducted in healthy Puerto Ricans and to report the frequencies of genetic polymorphisms with major relevance in drug response. Filtering for healthy volunteers or individuals, we performed a search of pharmacogenetic studies in academic literature databases without limiting the period of the results. The search was limited to Puerto Ricans living in the island, excluding those studies performed in mainland (United States). We found that the genetic markers impacting pharmacological therapy in the areas of cardiovascular, oncology, and neurology are the most frequently investigated. Coincidently, the top causes of mortality in the island are cardiovascular diseases, cancer, diabetes, Alzheimer's disease, and stroke. In addition, polymorphisms in genes that encode for members of the CYP450 family (CYP2C9, CYP2C19, and CYP2D6) are also available due to their relevance in the metabolism of drugs. The complex genetic background of Puerto Ricans is responsible for the divergence in the reported allele frequencies when compared to parental populations (Africans, East Asians, and Europeans). The importance of reporting the findings of pharmacogenetic studies conducted in Puerto Ricans is to identify genetic variants with potential utility among this genetically complex population and eventually move forward the adoption of personalized medicine in the island. ER  - 
Variability in Antithrombotic Therapy Regimens Peri-TAVR: A Single Academic Center Experience$$$ Introduction: The aim of this study was to describe peri-procedural antithrombotic use in patients undergoing transcatheter aortic valve replacement (TAVR) at a single academic medical center. Methods: Retrospective collection of antiplatelet and anticoagulant use during the index hospitalization for all patients undergoing TAVR at our institution from April 2009 through March 2014. Results: Of a total of 255 patients undergoing the procedure, 132 (51%) had an indication for anticoagulation pre-TAVR and 92 (70% of those with an indication) were on treatment. On discharge, 106 patients (44% of total surviving to discharge, 73% of those surviving with an indication for anticoagulation) were treated with oral anticoagulation. Of these patients, 89 (84%) were discharged on aspirin and an oral anticoagulant without clopidogrel. Only 122 (51% of total patients) were discharged on the regimen of aspirin and clopidogrel alone. Conclusion: Peri-procedural antithrombotic regimens vary greatly following TAVR. More than half of patients have an indication for anticoagulation following the procedure. Most patients at our institution who require anticoagulation are discharged on aspirin and an oral anticoagulant, though the optimal regimen requires further investigation. ER  - 
Association of CYP2C19 gene polymorphisms with long-term recurrent risk of ischemic stroke among ethnic Han Chinese from Fujian$$$ Objective To assess the association of genetic polymorphisms of CYP2C19 ∗2, ∗3, ∗17 with the recurrence risk of ischemic stroke during Clopidogrel prevention in ethnic Han Chinese from Fujian Province. Methods Clinical data of 985 patients with acute ischemic stroke was collected. After 1 year postdischarge follow-up evaluations, only 114 patients with persistence of Clopidogrel were enrolled. CYP2C19 genetic polymorphisms were detected by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) and direct sequencing, then we analysis the correlation between polymorphisms and the recurrence of stroke. Results Among the 114 patients, 23 had a second onset whilst receiving Clopidogrel treatment. During the antiplatelet therapy with Clopidogrel, carriers of CYP2C19 poor metabolizer (CYP2C19 ∗2/∗2 or ∗2/∗3) had a higher rate of recurrent stroke compared with extensive metabolizers (CYP2C19 ∗1/∗1) (OR=4.71, 95%CI: 1.18-18.80, P<0.05). Carriers of CYP2C19 ∗2 mutant allele had increased recurrence compared with those carrying none loss-of-function allele (OR = 2.31, 95%C7: 1.20-4.46, P<0.05). The rate of recurrent stroke in those carrying homozygous mutant ∗2 allele (CYP2C19 ∗2/∗2) was 6.14 times greater than the rate of wild-type homozygotes (CYP2C19 ∗1/∗1) (95%CI: 1.54-24.54, P<0.05). Patients with previous stroke history had increased risk of recurrence (OR= 4.146, 95%CI: 1.259-13.655, P<0.05). However, CYP2C19 ∗17 was not detected in the group. Conclusion For ethnic Han Chinese patients receiving Clopidogrel treatment, carriers of poor metabolizer or homozygous mutant ∗2 allele (CYP2C19 ∗2/∗2) have a higher risk of recurrent stroke. The CYP2C19 ∗2 allele is an independent risk factor for recurrent stroke. Those with previous history of stroke are more prone to the recurrence. ER  - 
Bleeding versus thrombosis: Role of short DAPT in complex lesions$$$ Therapy with dual antiplatelet agents, defined as the combination of a platelet P2Y12 inhibitor and aspirin, is required to prevent thrombotic complications, after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with stent implantation. Usually current guidelines recommend administration of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) following percutaneous revascularization with drug-eluting stent (DES) for a period of at least 12 months or for 6 to 12 months in patients not at high risk. Nevertheless, the treatment of stable/unstable coronary artery disease with DES implantation increasing largely, the optimal duration of DAPT is still unclear. The duration of DAPT after coronary stenting has been evaluated in recent randomized studies with conflicting results. The administration of long period of DAPT is a strategy to reduce thrombosis events but largely increase the hemorrhagic ones. Otherwise, shorter DAPT period is protective about bleeds with consequently increased ischemic events. In addition, as new DES carry a lower risk of stent thrombosis (ST) compared with the first-generation DES and possibly even bare-metal stents, a shift toward better protection from ST may have an effect on the duration and the intensity of DAPT. Whether the duration of DAPT should be shorter or longer than the currently recommended 6 to 12 months is analyzed in this review, drawing on results from the most recent studies and meta-analysis. ER  - 
Impact of CYP2C19 genotype in ischaemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel$$$ Introduction: Increased risk of thrombo-occlusive events in clopidogreltreated individuals arising from genetically determined slow CYP2C19- mediated metabolism has been established in the context of ischaemic heart disease. Few studies have considered the ischaemic stroke (IS) population where current guidelines recommend clopidogrel monotherapy. Method: We undertook a Mendelian randomised observational cohort study in the GoDARTS bioresource to investigate the clinical impact of the CYP2C19∗2 variant in patients prescribed clopidogrel following an arterial thrombo-occlusive event. From ∼15,000 genotyped individuals 954 had a hospitalisation for any arterial thrombo-occlusive event within 6 months prior to their first community encashment for clopidogrel. The IS sub-population comprised 158 individuals. Results: During 6months follow-up there were 272 re-hospitalisations for an arterial thrombo-occlusive event or death. In a Cox regression model including age, sex, aspirin and proton pump inhibitor exposure, the 25% of individuals carrying the CYP2C19∗2 allele had an increased risk, HR 1.29 (95% CI 1.03-1.60) p = 0.025, compared to non carriers. In the IS population there were 26 events and the relative risk was greater, HR 2.27 (95% CI 1.29-4.00) p = 0.004. In a meta-analysis including a larger clinical study the overall HR was 2.28, 95% CI 1.53-3.38, p = 0.00004. Discussion: A quarter of IS patients treated with clopidogrelmonotherapy may be at significantly greater risk of further thrombo-occlusive events due to their genetically impaired ability to generate the active form of this drug. The risk ratio in stroke patients appears higher than seen in other cardiovascular indications where additional antiplatelet agents may be used in conjunction with clopidogrel. ER  - 
Antiplatelet activity and clinical outcomes on CYP3A4-metabolized statin in percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Introduction: Statins primarily metabolized by cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) reportedly reduce clopidogrel metabolism to active metabolite. Recent studies suggest that CYP 3A4-metabolized statins attenuate the anti-aggregatory effect of clopidogrel Hypothesis: We sought to assess the antiplatelet activity of a CYP 3A4 metabolized statin and its association with clinical outcomes during dual antiplatelet therapy following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) Methods: Among 3,755 patients enrolled the HOST-ASSURE trial, 1,187 patients with both baseline and 1-month platelet reactivity unit (PRU) values assessed by VerifyNow P2Y12 assay were assigned to the CYP 3A4-metabolized statin group (n=725) or non-CYP 3A4-metabolized statin group (n=462) according to type of statins used. The co-primary outcome were the differences between baseline and 1-month follow-up of PRU value and the composite of cardiovascular death, recurrent MI, including stent thrombosis, any revascularization and cerebrovascular accident (CVA) during the follow-up period. We compared the outcomes between groups both in the propensity adjusted and matched cohorts Results: Mean difference of PRU values was not significant in the CYP 3A4-metabolized statin group (mean difference: -4±84, p=0.367) and was significant in the non-CYP 3A4-metabolized statin group (mean difference: -12±69, p=0.006) both in the propensity score adjusted and matched cohorts. Patients with high PRU value at baseline, irrespective of the type of used statins, were associated with a significant reduction in mean difference of PRU values both in the propensity score adjusted (mean difference: -53.35, p<0.001) and matched cohort (mean difference: -41.57, p<0.001). The composite of clinical events did not differ between groups both in the propensity score adjusted (hazard ratio [HR] 0.962, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.621-1.489, p=0.861) and matched (HR 0.902, 95% CI 0.554-1.468, p=0.678) cohorts Conclusions: This study showed that a CYP 3A4-metabolized statin slightly reduces antiplatelet activity of clopidogrel during dual antiplatelet therapy but did not increase clinical events in patients following PCI. ER  - 
Clinical implementation of CYP2C19-genotype guided antiplatelet therapy reduces cardiovascular events after PCI$$$ Introduction: Clopidogrel is bioactivated by CYP2C19, and the CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) genotype leads to reduced clopidogrel effectiveness after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). We examined whether clinical implementation of CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy (APT) reduces the risk for cardiovascular events after PCI. Methods: CYP2C19 genotyping post-PCI was implemented at UF Health Shands Hospital in July 2012, with alternative APT recommended for LOF allele carriers. Major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE, comprised of cardiovascular death, MI, stroke and stent thrombosis) over the 6 months after PCI were determined via medical record review. MACE was compared between LOF allele carriers switched to alternative APT (LOF-alternative) and both LOF allele carriers who remained on clopidogrel (LOF-clopidogrel) and non-LOF carriers (non-LOF) using Kaplan-Meier method with additional multivariable Cox regression analysis and propensity score adjustment in LOF groups. Results: Of 412 patients (80% with ACS) who underwent PCI and genotyping, 126 (31%) had a LOF allele and 68 (54%) of these received alternative APT (prasugrel n=57, ticagrelor n=8, triple dose clopidogrel n=3). On Kaplan-Meier analysis (Figure), there was a lower incidence of MACE in LOF-alternative vs. LOF-clopidogrel groups and no significant difference between the LOF-alternative and non-LOF groups. On multivariable Cox regression analysis with propensity score adjustment, there was reduced risk of MACE in LOF-alternative vs. LOF-clopidogrel patients (HR 0.09, 95% CI 0.01-0.84, p=0.035). In the LOF-clopidogrel group, the majority of events (83%) occurred within 30 days; all were in patients who presented with an ACS. Conclusion: Changing from clopidogrel to alternative APT after PCI in patients with the CYP2C19 LOF genotype reduces the risk for MACE. These data support CYP2C19 genotyping in patients undergoing PCI, especially in those with ACS. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety analysis of new P2Y12inhibitors versus clopidogrel in patients with percutaneous coronary intervention: A meta-analysis$$$ Objective: New P2Y12inhibitors, classified as oral (prasugrel and ticagrelor) and intravenous (cangrelor and elinogrel) drugs, have shown improved antithrombotic effects compared with clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) or patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in landmark trials. The purpose of this study was to perform a meta-analysis of randomized trials that compared new P2Y12inhibitors with clopidogrel to determine their efficacy and safety in patients undergoing PCI. Methods: Randomized controlled trials of at least 4 weeks, comparing new P2Y12inhibitors with clopidogrel in PCI, were identified using the electronic databases Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Medline, PubMed, Web of Science, and Google Scholar from January 1, 1980, to July 31, 2014. Main outcome measures: The primary efficacy endpoints were all-cause death and major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs). The primary safety endpoint was thrombolysis in myocardial infarction (TIMI) major bleeding. Results: Twelve studies including 71,097 patients met the inclusion criteria. New P2Y12inhibitors significantly reduced all-cause death (odds ratio [OR]: 0.81; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.73–0.90, p<0.0001), MACEs (OR 0.81; 95% CI 0.73–0.90, p<0.0001), stent thrombosis (OR 0.58; 95% CI 0.49–0.69, p<0.00001), myocardial infarctions (OR 0.87; 95% CI 0.76–0.99, p=0.03) and cardiovascular death (OR 0.82; 95% CI 0.73–0.92, p=0.001) compared with clopidogrel. There were no significant differences between stroke (OR 0.87; 95% CI 0.72–1.05, p=0.14) and major bleeding events (OR 1.22; 95% CI 0.99– 1.52, p=0.06) between the new P2Y12inhibitor and clopidogrel groups. Conclusion: New P2Y12inhibitors decreased death in patients undergoing PCI compared with clopidogrel with a considerable safety and tolerability profile; however, the risk/benefit ratio of ischemic and bleeding events should be further investigated. ER  - 
Dual Antiplatelet Therapy of Clopidogrel and Aspirin in Secondary Prevention of Ischemic Stroke: Evidence and Indications$$$ Nowadays the dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) becomes more widely used in patients with ischemic stroke. Nevertheless, controversies exist for indications of DAPT. In view of evidence-based medicine analysis, patients with high-risk transient ischemic attack and minor stroke, severe symptomatic intracranial artery stenosis, symptomatic intracranial and extracranial artery stenosis causing artery-to-artery embolism, ischemic stroke attributed to aortic arch plaques, high-risk atrial fibrillation not suitable for oral anticoagulants, intracranial and extracranial stent implantation, and ischemic stroke with acute coronary syndrome may gain great benefit from DAPT of clopidogrel and aspirin. In clinical practice, individualized antiplatelet therapy strategies should be taken by weighing risks of ischemia and hemorrhage. ER  - 
Novel Antiplatelet Agents: The Current State and What Is Coming Down the Pike$$$ Antiplatelet therapy is the cornerstone of treatment for patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) or undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Despite the use of dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel, a considerable number of patients still experience atherothrombotic events, which may be explained at least in part by inadequate platelet inhibition induced by this treatment regimen. This underscores the need for more potent antithrombotic strategies for the acute and long-term treatment of ischemic complications, especially in high-risk patients. These include novel generation P2Y12 receptor antagonists, such as prasugrel, ticagrelor and cangrelor, or adjunctive antiplatelet agents targeting different pathways, such as the thrombin protease-activated receptors-1 receptor inhibitor vorapaxar. Moreover, since ischemic events accrue over time after an acute event, prolonging intensified antiplatelet therapy beyond 1-year has also been investigated. This manuscript provides an overview on the current status and future directions of antithrombotic therapies for the treatment of patients with ACS or treated with PCI, mainly focusing on novel agents. ER  - 
Relationship of Ticagrelor Dose and Platelet Reactivity in Patients with End Stage Renal Disease on Hemodialysis$$$ Background: In our previous study, ticagrelor has superiority on platelet inhibition than clopidogrel in patients with end stage renal disease(ESRD) on hemodialysis(HD). One study compared two doses of ticagrelor(90 or 60mg) and placebo, reported that ticagrelor significantly reduced the risk of cardiovascular death, MI, or stroke and increased the risk of bleeding. The rate of bleeding is more frequent in 90mg group. We hypothesized there was some relationship between ticagrelor dose and platelet inhibition. We investigated efficacy and safety of standard and low dose ticagrelor, and clopidogrel in ESRD patients on HD. Methods: In a single-center, prospective, randomized study, 50 ESRD patients were randomly assigned to receive clopidogrel(75mg once daily), standard dose ticagrelor(90mg twice daily) or low dose ticagrelor(90mg once daily) for 14days. Platelet function assessment which included transmittance aggregometry, and VerifyNow TM P2Y12 assay were then used to serially measure. Maximal platelet aggregation (MPA), inhibition of platelet aggregation (IPA), and P2Y12 reaction units (PRUs) were evaluated. Results: Baseline characteristics, and concomitant medication of three groups were not significantly different. The standard dose ticagrelor showed significant lower MPA and higher IPA as compared with clopidogrel at 1,5,and 48 hours, and 14days after (p<0.05). Low dose ticagrelor showed significant lower MPA and Higher IPA at 5hours after(p<0.001). Although there was no statistical significance, after 1,48hours and 14days revealed lower MPA and higher IPA, as compared with clopidogrel. There was no significant difference between two ticagrelor doses. Two doses of ticagrelor showed significant lower PRUs, as compared with clopidogrel(p<0.001). 2 patients of standard dose ticagrelor and 1 patient of clopidogrel discontinued study because of bleeding. There was no bleeding in low dose ticagrelor. Conclusions: Low dose ticagrelor may result in greater platelet inhibition than clopidogrel in ESRD patients on HD. Further studies with large number and various doses of medicine are needed. ER  - 
Large scale analysis of genetic variants in CYP2C9, CYP2C19, CYP2D6 and VKORC1: Implication of clinical utility for pharmacogenomics testing$$$ Introduction: Pharmacogenomics (PGx) is increasingly gaining acceptance as a valid method to utilize an individual's genotype to prescribe medications or medication doses. The goal is to identify important genetic variants that may affect patients' responses to drugs in order to optimize the efficacy of pharmacologic treatment and to minimize adverse drug reactions. The Cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzyme family, especially CYP2D6, CYP2C9 and CYP2C19, metabolize the majority of all prescribed drugs; multiple guidelines have been established for dosing medications based on the allele variants of these genes. One additional enzyme, VKORC1, is of interest because, together with CYP2C9, it is useful in determining the optimal initial dose of warfarin, a widely prescribed anticoagulant for preventing heart attacks, strokes and blood clots. Methods: This study involved 34,216 patients tested at Molecular Testing Labs (MTL) within a one-year period. All individuals have a complete data set of ethnicity, age, and valid genetic testing results. Alleles for CYP2C9, CYP2C19 and VKORC1 were determined using Taqman genotyping assays and CYP2D6 was tested using the Luminex xTAG CYP2D6 v3 assay. Analysis of variance and t-tests were used for statistical analysis. Results: Patients who ordered PGx testing ranged from one month to 110 years old, with 75.85% of them above 50 years old. We assessed how many patients have altered enzymatic activity. Genotyping analysis of all patients showed: poor metabolizer (PM) and ultrarapid-metabolizer (UM) of CYP2D6 was 4.98% and 4.87% respectively; PM and UM of CYP2C19 was 2.7% and 28.13%; PM of CYP2C9 was 3.12%, and 16.23% of patients were VKORC1 homozygous mutants. We analyzed ten medications that patients reportedly were taking and can be affected by the PGx testing results according to the Clinical Pharmacogenetics Implementation Consortium. To give an example, 42.59% (227/533) of patients who were taking Amitriptyline also showed altered enzymatic activities that would require an altered dose or an alternative drug. For Clopidogrel it was 58.95% (448/760) and for warfarin it was 100% (518/518). Finally, we used all these patient data to analyze allele distributions across different ethnicity groups. For example, although 6.47% of Caucasians were PM of CYP2D6, only 0.47% of Asians fell into this group. Conclusions: These data imply that PGx testing is a potential benefit to a large number of people who are taking multiple medications concurrently and may require altered dosing by their physicians. Ethnicity should also be taken into account as it often correlates with specific genetic variations. ER  - 
Clopidogrel utilization in a U.S. population: A pharmacogenetic and metabolic overview of patient eligibility$$$ Introduction: Clopidogrel is a platelet inhibitor indicated for acute coronary syndrome, recent myocardial infarction, recent stroke or established peripheral arterial disease. In the package insert, clopidogrel is contraindicated for use (Warnings and Precautions) with omeprazole, esomeprazole, and other CYP2C19 inhibitors which are known to significantly reduce the antiplatelet response of clopidogrel. In addition, a boxed warning was issued by the FDA in 2010 highlighting that alternative treatments should be considered for CYP2C19 intermediate metabolizers (IMs) and poor metabolizers (PMs), which was further supported by the Clinical Pharmacogenetics Implementation Consortium (CPIC) guidelines in 2011. In this study we analyzed over 2000 patients on clopidogrel after 2013 for their CYP2C19 metabolizer status as well as their concomitant medications. Methods: Over 2000 patient samples were collected using buccal swabs and DNA extracted using a Qiagen based extraction platform. High-throughput end-point and real-time fluorescent PCR methodologies were used to genotype patients for 80+ single nucleotide variants (SNVs) relevant to the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic pathways of drug metabolism and action. Genotyping results, along with concomitant medications, were analyzed in aggregate to provide clinical recommendations for the use of multiple antithrombotic drugs, including clopidogrel. Results: Retrospective pharmacogenetic analysis demonstrated that ∼30% of the population currently on clopidogrel were classified as either having an IM or PM status and would have been recommended for alternative antiplatelet therapy per CPIC guidelines. Additionally, ∼14% of the same population was listed as concomitantly taking omeprazole which is contraindicated in the clopidogrel package insert. Interestingly, in many cases, non-clopidogrel alternatives for antiplatelet therapies were available which lacked gene-drug or drug-drug avoidances. Conclusions: To truly maximize the benefits of pharmacogenetic testing, medical practice will need to evolve to see pharmacogenetic testing as a proactive, rather than reactive, tool and service providers will need to complement gene-drug interactions with adverse drug-drug interactions to provide physicians with the most comprehensive opportunity for improving clinical outcomes. ER  - 
Genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions$$$ Introduction: Coronary angioplasty is a procedure that opens narrowed or blocked coronary arteries, following which a stent may be placed to maintain lumen patency. After undergoing the procedure, patients are prescribed a combination of 2 anti-platelet medications, commonly aspirin and clopidogrel (Plavix), to prevent thrombus formation. Clopidogrel is converted to its active form by hepatic enzyme CYP2C19, which has several phenotypic variants. Up to 30% of individuals harbor loss-of-function CYP2C19 alleles. Patients on Clopidogrel who possess these variants have a higher risk of stent thrombosis, heart attack, stroke, and cardiovascular death. The FDA recommends CYP2C19 genotype testing and advises physicians to consider alternative treatment such as prasugrel (Effient) or ticagrelor (Brilinta) in patients with CYP2C19 ∗2 and ∗3 loss-of function variants. The aim of this study is to implement CYP2C19 genotype testing to guide therapy decision-making for patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) and stent placement. Methods: Spartan RX CYP2C19 genotyping assay was validated in the Molecular Diagnostic Laboratory at UAB Hospital. Since January 2015, CYP2C19 testing has been incorporated into the clinical work flow of patients undergoing PCI and stent placement. Test orders, sample collection, processing and results were integrated within our Cerner electronic health record. Genotypes were resulted as wild type, heterozygous, or homozygous on ∗2, ∗7 and ∗17 alleles (wild type was reported as ∗1). When ∗2 or ∗3 alleles were detected, ordering physicians were notified and provided decision support and alternative treatment recommendations. Results: Genotype testing was ordered and performed on 81 patients. CYP2C19 genotype distribution in these patients was ∗1/∗1 (n=32), ∗1/∗17 (n=23), ∗1/∗2 (n=17), ∗2/∗2 (n=1), ∗2/∗17 (n=4) and ∗17/17 (n=4). In 2 patients (∗1/∗2 and ∗17/∗17) testing was performed twice due to initial inconclusive results. Overall, 27% (n=22) of the patients had heterozygous or homozygous loss of function alleles. Within 1 hour of submitting patient samples, ordering physicians were notified of any clinically significant results and provided decision support for personalized antiplatelet therapy. Conclusions: Spartan RX CYP2C19 Test provides accurate and rapid results to guide clinical decision-making at point-of-care. The 1 hour work flow enables repeat testing (if needed) without delaying treatment decisions or patient discharge. Prospective follow-up and documentation of the clinical course is ongoing. These results will evaluate outcomes and effectiveness of CYP2C19 testing. ER  - 
Clinical outcomes using prasugrel or ticagrelor based on physician treatment decisions in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: Comparative results using propensity analysis of a payer database$$$ BACKGROUND Prasugrel and ticagrelor are potent P2Y12 ADP receptor inhibitors that have greater clinical efficacy compared with clopidogrel, but more non-CABG bleeding. There are no direct comparisons of clinical outcomes between the drugs with follow-up through 1 year. This retrospective study compared 1 year post discharge outcomes between the 2 agents in acute coronary syndrome patients (pts) managed with percutaneous coronary intervention (ACS-PCI) using a claims database. METHODS ACS-PCI pts ≥ 18 years, with no history of TIA or stroke, a physician visit ≤90 days post discharge, and at least 1 outpatient pharmacy fill ≤30 days post discharge for prasugrel or ticagrelor, but not both, were included. Data from the ProMetis Lx database were propensity matched for prasugrel use with a 3 prasugrel:1 ticagrelor ratio. Unadjusted clinical outcomes were assessed using descriptive methods on an as treated basis. Propensity matched clinical outcomes were compared using Cox proportional hazards models and Kaplan- Meier analysis. Post discharge net adverse clinical events (NACE) at 1 year was evaluated for non-inferiority of outcomes between the 2 populations using a 20% margin. NACE was a composite of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) or rehospitalization for bleeding. MACE was the composite of all-cause death, coronary revascularization, or rehospitalization for MI, unstable angina (UA), TIA/stroke, or CHF. RESULTS Of the 173,484 ACS-PCI pts in the database, 15,788 were included (prasugrel 12,797; ticagrelor 2,991). Compared with ticagrelor pts, prasugrel pts were younger, less likely to be female, have prior MI, diabetes, or present with NSTEMI; more likely to have UA; no significant difference in the rate of STEMI. Prior to matching, prasugrel pts had lower rates of NACE and MACE (p<0.01), with no difference in bleeding (Table), compared with ticagrelor pts. After propensity matching, there was no significant difference in baseline characteristics between the two groups. Non-inferiority was demonstrated related to outcomes associated with prasugrel use compared with outcomes associated with ticagrelor use (Table). Rates of NACE and MACE remained significantly lower in the prasugrel group, although the difference was primarily driven by CHF with no significant difference in the rate of all-cause death, MI, UA, coronary revascularization, or TIA/stroke (Table). CONCLUSIONS In this “real-world”, retrospective, observational study in ACS-PCI pts, physicians preferentially used prasugrel in younger pts with lower risk of bleeding or comorbidities compared with ticagrelor, although clinical outcomes associated with prasugrel were non inferior to those associated with ticagrelor. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Frequency and clinical impact of prasugrel cessation after primary PCI in STEMI patients: A prospective cohort study$$$ BACKGROUND STEMI patients are at increased risk for recurrent ischemic events, and guidelines recommend potent P2Y12 inhibitors for the duration of at least one year after primary PCI. The frequency and clinical impact of premature prasugrel cessation or a change to clopidogrel or ticagrelor following primary PCI remains unknown. METHODS Between September 2009 and June 2012, 1382 patients with STEMI undergoing primary PCI using newer generation DES and discharged on dual antiplatelet therapy with prasugrel and aspirin were enrolled in the framework of the Comfortable trial, SPUM ACS registry and Bern PCI registry. Prasugrel was prescribed for one year. Clinical follow-up information was obtained at discharge, 30 days and one year. Prespecified categories for prasugrel cessation included disruption (non-compliance, bleeding, side effects), physician recommended discontinuation or a change to clopidogrel. All adverse events and information on prasugrel cessation was collected and independently adjudicated according to the 3 categories. Using cox regression models with time-dependent variables, we assessed the effect of prasugrel cessation on cardiovascular outcomes. The primary outcome measure was defined as cardiac death, reinfarction, and stroke. Secondary endpoints included death, cardiac death, reinfarction and definite stent thrombosis. RESULTS A total of 1,382 STEMI patients were included: 1,196 (86.5%) patients completed DAPT on prasugrel throughout one year; Prasugrel was disrupted in 48 (3.5%) patients, discontinued in 42 (3%) patients and switched to another P2Y12 inhibitor in 95 (6.9%) patients. The adjusted hazard ratio (HR) for MACE after prasugrel disruption tended to be increased (2.34 (95% CI 0.85-6.38); p=0.098), while no difference was observed after premature discontinuation (HR= 1.43 (95 CI 0.34-5.91); p=0.63) or change in type of P2Y12 therapy (HR=1.20 (95% CI 0.48-3.01); p=0.69); in each case compared to the period the patients were on DAPT with prasugrel. Disruption was associated with an increased risk of death (6.09, 95% CI 1.72-21.59, p=0.005), cardiac mortality (HR=4.63, 95% CI 1.00-21.54; p=0.05) and stent thrombosis (HR=4.22, 95% CI 1.27-14.05, p=0.019), while there was a trend towards an increased risk of MI (HR=2.78, 95% CI 0.86-8.94, p=0.087). CONCLUSIONS A high proportion STEMI patients remained on DAPT with prasugrel throughout one year after primary PCI in routine clinical practice. Prasugrel disruption is infrequent but associated with an increased risk for ischemic cardiovascular events compared to physician guided discontinuation or change to clopidogrel. ER  - 
Does personalized medicine exist and can you test it in a clinical trial?$$$ The idea that different patients will respond differently to the same treatment is not new. The recent advances in genomics and laboratory medicine have led to the hope that it will be possible to maximize the benefit and minimize the harms of each medical therapy by using an individuals' biomarker status to 'personalize' their treatment. The selection of treatment for each individual would then be determined, not just by their disease status (or an estimate of the risk of developing a disease or disease progression), but also by their genetic makeup or by other measurable characteristics, such as the level of a particular biomarker in the blood. This review discusses the extent to which personalized medicine might be applied in stroke, and the implications for global stroke health care. ER  - 
Platelet reactivity following high loading doses of clopidogrel in patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary angioplasty: A pilot study the CArdiovascular Percutaneous Intervention TriAL Group (CAPITAL) LOAD Study$$$ Background Rapid inhibition of platelet function is critical in patients referred for primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) to prevent stent thrombosis. We sought to determine the antiplatelet effects of two clopidogrel high loading dose (LD) strategies on platelet reactivity in patients presenting with ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). Methods Patients referred for primary PCI were randomly assigned to one of two clopidogrel LDs initiated before catheterization: 600 mg vs. 600/600 mg (second dose 3 h after first LD). Platelet function testing was performed at baseline, and at 1, 2, 4, 6, 24, and 48 h after the initial LD using the VerifyNow device. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients with high platelet reactivity (HPR) at 24 h defined as a P2Y12 reaction unit (PRU) measurement > 208. Results Fifty-four patients were assigned to clopidogrel as a single 600 mg LD (n = 27) or as a 600/600 mg double LD (n = 27). The proportion of patients with HPR at 24 h was recorded in 44.0% assigned to the 600 mg LD and 24.0% of patients assigned to 600/600 mg LD, p = 0.23. The mean PRU at 24 h was 191 ± 102 in the 600 mg group and 152 ± 94 in the 600/600 mg group, p = 0.16. There was no difference at all time points in HPR, and in mean PRUs between the LD regimens. Conclusions High platelet reactivity persisted at 24 h in a significant proportion of patients referred for primary PCI regardless of two clopidogrel high LD strategies. These results may have implications regarding the risk of early stent thrombosis in STEMI patients treated with clopidogrel. ER  - 
Updated European Heart Rhythm Association Practical Guide on the use of non-Vitamin K antagonist anticoagulants in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation$$$ The current manuscript is an update of the original Practical Guide, published in June 2013[Heidbuchel H, Verhamme P, Alings M, Antz M, Hacke W, Oldgren J, et al. European Heart Rhythm Association Practical Guide on the use of new oral anticoagulants in patients with nonvalvularatrial fibrillation. Europace 2013;15:625-51; Heidbuchel H, Verhamme P, Alings M, Antz M, HackeW, Oldgren J, et al. EHRA practical guide on the use of new oral anticoagulants in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation: executive summary. Eur Heart J 2013;34:2094-106]. Non-Vitamin K antagonist oral anticoagulants (NOACs) are an alternative for Vitamin K antagonists (VKAs) to prevent stroke in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation (AF). Both physicians and patients have to learn how to use these drugs effectively and safely in clinical practice. Many unresolved questions on how to optimally use these drugs in specific clinical situations remain. The European Heart Rhythm Association set out to coordinate a unified way of informing physicians on the use of the different NOACs. A writing group defined what needs to be consideredas 'non-valvular AF' and listed 15 topics of concrete clinical scenarios for which practical answers were formulated, based on available evidence. The 15 topics are (i) practical start-up and follow-up scheme for patients on NOACs; (ii) how to measure the anticoagulant effect of NOACs; (iii) drug-drug interactions and pharmacokinetics of NOACs; (iv) switching between anticoagulant regimens; (v) ensuring adherenceof NOAC intake; (vi) how to deal with dosing errors; (vii) patients with chronic kidney disease; (viii) what to do if there is a (suspected) overdose without bleeding, or a clotting test is indicating a risk of bleeding?; (xi) management of bleeding complications; (x) patients undergoing aplanned surgical intervention or ablation; (xi) patients undergoing an urgent surgical intervention; (xii) patients with AF and coronary artery disease; (xiii) cardioversion in aNOAC-treated patient; (xiv) patients presenting with acute stroke while onNOACs; and (xv)NOACs vs. VKAsin AF patients with a malignancy. Additional information and downloads of the text and anticoagulation cards in .16 languages can be found onan European Heart Rhythm Association web site (www.NOACforAF.eu). ER  - 
Relationship between cytochrome P450 2C19 gene polymorphism and antiplatelet effect of clopidogre inpatients with ischemic stroke$$$ Objective: To investigate the relationship between cytochrome P450(CYP) 2C19 ∗ 2/ ∗ 3 gene polymorphism and antiplatelet effect of clopidogre in patients with ischemic stroke. Methods: A total of 102 consecutive patients with acute ischemic stroke admitted to the Suzhou Integrated Traditional and Western Medicine Hospital from November 2012 to February 2014 were enrolled. The patients allergic to clopidogre, intolerant to elopidogrel, and recently using clopidogre were excluded. The patients were divided into a strong metabolic type group (n =39), a moderate metabolic type group (n = 54), and a week metabolic type group (n = 9) 'according to the conditions of CYP2C19 ∗ 2 and ∗ 3 locus mutation. The genotypes of the CYP2C19 ∗ 2 and ∗ 3 were detected by the direct gene sequencing method in all patients. The maximum aggregation ratio (MAR) of platelet and platelet reactivity index (PRI) were detected before and 7 d after taking clopidogre 75 mg. Results: (1) According to the CYP2C19 ∗ 2 and CYP2C19 ∗ 3, the genotyping was performed. The strong metabolic type group included ∗ 1/ ∗ 1 type 39 cases (38. 2%); the moderate metabolic type group included ∗ 1/ ∗ 2 type 44 cases (43. 1 %); ∗ 1/ ∗ 3 54 cases, 10 (9.8%); and the week metabolic type group included ∗ 2/ ∗ type 27 cases (6.9%); ∗ 2/ ∗ 3 type 2 cases (2. 0%). No ∗ 3/ ∗ 3 type was detected. (2) There were no significant differences in MAR before taking clopidogrel among the 3 groups (all P > 0. 05). After taking clopidogrel for 7 days, MAR and PRI were detected from strong to weak, followed by the week metabolic type group (49 ± 12% vs. 64 ± 15%), the moderate metabolic type group (42 ± 13% vs. 56 ± 14%), and the strong metabolic type group (33 ± 10% vs. 43 ± 12%); MAR was detected from high to low, followed by the strong metabolic type group (20 ±12%), the moderate metabolic type group (10 ±8%), and the week metabolic type group (7 ± 3%). Comparing the moderate metabolic type group and the week metabolic type group with the strong metabolic type group, there were significant differences between MAR, the decreased MAR and PRI (all P <0. 01). Comparing the week metabolic type group with the moderate metabolic type group, there were no significant differences between MAR, the decreased MAR and PRI (all P > 0. 05). Conclusion: The CYP2C19 ∗ 2 and ∗ 3 gene polymorphisms may affect MAR and PRI after taking clopidogrel in patients with ischemic stroke. ER  - 
Comparison of Antiplatelet Effect and Safety of Clopidogrel Napadisilate with Clopidogrel Bisulfate in Stroke Patients: Multi-Center, Randomized, Open-Label, Phase IV Non-Inferiority Clinical Trial$$$ Background: Clopidogrel napadisilate has better clopidogrel stability than clopidogrel bisulfate. Our trial's objective was to compare the efficacy and safety of clopidogrel napadisilate with clopidogrel bisulfate in participants with ischemic stroke. Methods: The study was a phase 4, 4-week, randomized, parallel-group, non-inferiority trial. Patients are randomized to receive either clopidogrel napadisilate 75 mg or clopidogrel bisulfate 75 mg. The primary study endpoint was change from baseline in P2Y12 percent inhibition at week 4. The primary analysis was conducted in the per-protocol population. Noninferiority was confirmed if the lower limit of the 95% confidence interval (CI) of the treatment difference was more than or equal to 9.0% points. The secondary endpoint was change in P2Y12 reactivity units (PRU). At a final visit, all adverse events were recorded. Results: Sixty-one participants were randomly assigned clopidogrel napadisilate and 60 were randomly assigned clopidogrel bisulfate. Thirty-nine participants in the clopidogrel napadisilate group and 39 in the clopidogrel bisulfate group were analyzed for the primary endpoint. At 4 weeks, mean percent inhibition had increased in both treatment groups. The estimated mean change from baseline was 22.3% with clopidogrel napadisilate and 21.4% with clopidogrel bisulfate; the estimated treatment difference of 0.9% (95% CI, 8.6 to 10.4) confirmed the non-inferiority of clopidogrel napadisilate to clopidogrel bisulfate. The mean reduction in PRU and rates of adverse events were not significantly different between treatments. Conclusion: Clopidogrel napadisilate was noninferior to clopidogrel bisulfate as assessed by change in platelet inhibition. Rates of adverse events were similar between the two groups. Therefore, clopidogrel napadisilate can be a suitable alternative to clopidogrel bisulfate in ischemic stroke patients. ER  - 
Effects of CYP2C19 variants on platelet reactivity in acute stroke patients treated with clopidogrel$$$ Objective: To investigate the relationship of CYP2C19 variants and the platelet reactivity pharmacologic response in acute stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. Methods: Patients with acute ischemic stroke treated with a combination of clopidogrel (75 mg) and Aspirin (100 mg) at our hospital. Genotypes and phenotypes of CYP2C19 were determined. Platelet functions were assessed by adenosine diphosphate-induced (ADP) and acetylsalicylic acid (AA)-induced platelet aggregation using thromboelastogram (TEG) after seven days treatment. Results: In total of 130 patients, CYP2C19 phenotypes were classified into 3 groups: extensive metabolizers (EMs; n=57, 43.8%), intermediate metabolizers (IMs; n=60, 46.2%), and poor metabolizers (PMs; n=13, 10%). The percent inhibition of ADP was <20% in patients (29%). 61% patients had the ADP inhibitions in 20-50%. 40% patients had the ADP inhibitions higher than 50%. In the EMs group, the rate percent of ADP inhibition <20% and >50% were significantly different with 8.8% (n=5) and 42.1% (n=24), respectively. Conclusions: Variants of the CYP2C19 significantly associated with clopidogrel response and may guide to personalized antiplatelet therapy in acute ischemic stroke patients. ER  - 
Platelet reactivity, P2Y12 receptor inhibitor selection and clinical outcomes in patients with acute myocardial infarction treated with percutaneous coronary intervention: Insights from the translate-ACS study$$$ BACKGROUND: Little is known about how clinicians use platelet function testing (PFT) to guide choice of P2Y12 receptor inhibitor therapy in routine community practice. METHODS: We studied 1,045 percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) treated myocardial infarction (MI) patients with PFT performed while on clopidogrel treatment during index hospitalization using VerifyNow® at 64 United States hospitals from 04/2010-10/2012 in the TRANSLATE-ACS study. Frequency of switch to a higher potency P2Y12 receptor inhibitor (prasugrel and ticagrelor), and associated rates of major adverse cardiovascular event [MACE: death, MI, stroke, or unplanned revascularization] at 1 year were determined among those with high (>208 PRU) and therapeutic platelet reactivity (TPR: ≤208 PRU). Logistic regression modeling was used to determine an estimated rule for which it is optimal to switch in terms of minimizing predicted probability of MACE. RESULTS: The median (25th, 75th percentile) time to PFT was 3.0 (1.8, 6.4) hours post last clopidogrel dose. High platelet reactivity (HPR) was present in 381 (36.5%) patients. Switch to a higher potency P2Y12 receptor inhibitor occurred in 170 (16.3%) patients (prasugrel 151 patients, ticagrelor 19 patients); switch occurred in 127 (33.3%) patients with HPR and 43 (6.5%) patients with TPR. Patients switched to a higher potency P2Y12 receptor inhibitor had greater frequency of multivessel disease (48.2% vs. 58.3%, p=0.03) and higher on clopidogrel platelet reactivity (median, 155 vs. 255 PRU, p<0.0001). Compared with continuation on clopidogrel, switch to a higher potency P2Y12 receptor inhibitor was associated with a lower MACE rate at 1-year among patients with HPR (20.5% vs. 10.2%, p=0.01), but not TPR (14.3 vs. 14.0%, p=0.95) (Figure). Logistic regression modeling demonstrated that MACE rate would be optimized by switching clopidogrel to a more potent P2Y12 receptor inhibitor in all patients with platelet reactivity >129 PRU. CONCLUSION: Among MI patients treated with PCI, intensification of antiplatelet therapy among those with high platelet reactivity on-clopidogrel was associated with lower risk of ischemic events at 1-year. Ischemic outcomes may be improved by intensifying antiplatelet therapy (eg. prasugrel) in patients with lower on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity thresholds. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Contemporary real world use of the novel P2Y12 inhibitors in patients with an acute myocardial infarction. A treatment paradox$$$ Background: Data are limited regarding real-world experience with novel P2Y12 inhibitors. We aimed to assess to assess implementation, outcome, and therapy adherence to P2Y12 inhibitors in acute myocardial infarction (AMI) patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods: Consecutive AMI patients undergoing PCI were included in a prospective, multicenter, observational, nationwide registry. Logistic regression analysis for independent predictors of P2Y12 inhibitor therapy was performed. Patients were followed for 30 days' assessment of therapy adherence, net adverse clinical events (NACE) including death, recurrent acute coronary syndrome, stroke, stent thrombosis, urgent revascularization, and major bleeding. Results: We evaluated 1093 patients, of whom 381 (35%) were treated with clopidogrel, 468 (43%) with prasugrel, and 244 (22%) with ticagrelor. Independent predictors for under-treatment with novel P2Y12 inhibitors were older age (OR 0.17, 95% CI 0.1 - 0.27, p<0.0001), prior stroke (OR 0.41, 95% CI 0.2 - 0.68, p=0.008), and non ST-elevation myocardial infarction (NSTE-MI) (OR 0.37, 95% CI 0.26 - 0.54, p<0.0001). Treatment with novel P2Y12 inhibitors was associated with a numerical lower rate of NACE at 30 days compared with clopidogrel, with a similar treatment effect in higher risk subsets who were less likely to receive the drug (p for interaction > 0.1). Conclusions: Despite current recommendation, in realworld practice, a significant proportion of patients still receive clopidogrel. Paradoxically, those individuals which are older with more co-morbidities, and those presenting with NSTE-MI seem to benefit at least the same as other patients when treated with novel P2Y12 inhibitors. Our findings emphasize the need for improved implementation of recommendations into current practice. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Pharmacogenomics of Hypertension and Heart Disease$$$ Heart disease is a leading cause of death in the United States, and hypertension is a predominant risk factor. Thus, effective blood pressure control is important to prevent adverse sequelae of hypertension, including heart failure, coronary artery disease, atrial fibrillation, and ischemic stroke. Over half of Americans have uncontrolled blood pressure, which may in part be explained by interpatient variability in drug response secondary to genetic polymorphism. As such, pharmacogenetic testing may be a supplementary tool to guide treatment. This review highlights the pharmacogenetics of antihypertensive response and response to drugs that treat adverse hypertension-related sequelae, particularly coronary artery disease and atrial fibrillation. While pharmacogenetic evidence may be more robust for the latter with respect to clinical implementation, there is increasing evidence of genetic variants that may help predict antihypertensive response. However, additional research and validation are needed before clinical implementation guidelines for antihypertensive therapy can become a reality. ER  - 
Harmonizing Optimal Strategy for Treatment of coronary artery diseases - comparison of REDUCtion of prasugrEl dose or POLYmer TECHnology in ACS patients (HOST-REDUCE-POLYTECH-ACS RCT): Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Antiplatelet treatment is an important component in optimizing the clinical outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) especially in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Prasugrel, which is a new P2Y12 inhibitor, has been confirmed as efficacious in a large trial in Western countries, and a similar trial is also to be launched in Asian countries. Although a 60-mg loading dose of prasugrel followed by 10 mg per day should be acceptable, there have been no data regarding the optimal dose in Asian patients. Furthermore, serum levels of prasugrel and the rates of platelet inhibition are known to be higher in Asians than Caucasians with the same dose of the drug. Polymer, a key component of drug-eluting stents (DES), has been suggested as the cause of inflammation leading to late complications, and has driven many companies to develop biodegradable-polymer DES. Currently, there are limited data regarding the head-to-head comparison between BP-BES and the biostable polymer CoCr-EES or the newest platinum-chromium everolimus-eluting stent (PtCr-EES). Furthermore, the polymer issue may be more important in ACS where there is ruptured thrombotic plaque where polymer-induced inflammation may affect the local milieu of the stented artery. Therefore, the present study dedicated only to ACS patients, will offer important information on the optimal prasugrel dose in the Asian population by comparing a 10-mg versus a 5-mg maintenance dose beyond 1 month after PCI, as well as giving important insight into the polymer issue by comparing BP-BES versus biostable-polymer PtCr-EES. Method/Design: Harmonizing Optimal Strategy for Treatment of coronary artery diseases - comparison of REDUCtion of prasugrEl dose or POLYmer TECHnology in ACS patients (HOST-REDUCE-POLYTECH-ACS) trial is a multicenter, randomized and open-label clinical study with a 2 × 2 factorial design, according to the type of stent (PtCr-EES versus BP-BES) and prasugrel maintenance dose (5 mg versus 10 mg), to demonstrate non-inferiority of PtCr-EES relative to BP-BES or the reduced prasugrel dose relative to conventional dose in an Asian all-comers PCI population presenting with ACS. Approximately 3400 patients will undergo prospective, random assignment separately to either stent or prasugrel arm (1:1 ratio, respectively). When the patients have contraindications to prasugrel, they are categorized into an antiplatelet observation group after stent-randomization. The primary endpoint is the patient-oriented composite outcome, which is a composite of all-cause mortality, any myocardial infarction (MI), any repeat revascularization in the stent arm at 12 months after index PCI. In the prasugrel arm, primary endpoint is any major adverse cardiovascular event, which is a composite of all-cause mortality, any MI, any stent thrombosis (Academic Research Consortium (ARC)-defined), any repeat revascularization, stroke, or bleeding (BARC class ≥ 2). Discussion: The HOST-REDUCE-POLYTECH-ACS RCT is the first study exploring the optimal maintenance dose of prasugrel beyond 1 month after PCI for ACS in Asian all-comers. In addition, this is the largest study dedicated only to ACS patients to evaluate the polymer issue in the situation of ACS by directly comparing biostable-polymer PtCr-EES versus BP-BES. ER  - 
Comparing prasugrel to twice daily clopidogrel post percutaneous coronary intervention in a Veterans Affairs population$$$ Objective. The purpose of this study was to compare various antiplatelet regimens in patients who experienced increased platelet reactivity on clopidogrel therapy with regards to cardiovascular outcomes, including need for revascularization, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, and cardiovascular (CV) death. Methods. A retrospective chart review was conducted on patients who received percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) at the Richard L. Roudebush Veterans Affairs Medical Center and were subsequently prescribed either clopidogrel 75 mg twice daily, prasugrel 10 mg daily, or clopidogrel 75 mg daily with high platelet reactivity between October 1, 2009 and November 30, 2010. Correlations between antiplatelet regimens and prevention of cardiovascular outcomes and bleeding events were evaluated. Groups were evaluated statistically as two separate comparisons; the first comparison being clopidogrel twice daily versus prasugrel and the second comparison being clopidogrel twice daily versus clopidogrel daily in those patients with a P2Y12 test result of less than 50%. Results. A total of 108 patients were included in the study. Eight events occurred in the clopidogrel twice daily group (n = 26), including five revascularizations and three MIs. Seven events occurred in the prasugrel group (n = 64), including two revascularizations, two MIs, two strokes, and one CV death. The difference between these groups was statistically significant (p = 0.031), with patients in the prasugrel group experiencing fewer events. Five events occurred in the clopidogrel daily group (n = 18), including one need for revascularization, two MIs, and two instances of CV death. There were no statistically significant differences in CV events between the clopidogrel twice daily group and clopidogrel daily group (p > 0.999). There were also no statistically significant differences in bleeding incidents for either of the comparisons; p > 0.999 and p = 0.676 respectively for the first and second comparisons. Conclusion. Patients on prasugrel had fewer cardiovascular events as compared to patients on clopidogrel twice daily with no difference in bleeding events. No difference was seen with regards to cardiovascular or bleeding events when comparing clopidogrel twice daily to clopidogrel daily in patients with increased platelet reactivity. Study results suggest that there is no benefit to dosing clopidogrel twice daily when compared to either prasugrel or once daily clopidogrel dosing. ER  - 
Influence of Genetic Polymorphisms on Clopidogrel Response and Clinical Outcomes in Patients with Acute Ischemic Stroke CYP2C19 Genotype on Clopidogrel Response$$$ Objectives: This study sought to evaluate the influence of the genetic polymorphisms on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes in acute ischemic stroke patients taking clopidogrel. Background: Little research has been published on relationships between genetic polymorphisms, platelet reactivity, and clinical outcomes in stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. Methods: Patients hospitalized in Changhai Hospital with acute ischemic stroke were randomly enrolled into treatment with a 75-mg daily maintenance dose of clopidogrel. Genotyping was detected by the MassARRAY iPLEX genotyping system (Sequenom Inc, San Diego, CA), and platelet reactivity was evaluated by the VerifyNow P2Y12 test (Accumetrics Inc., San Diego, CA). Sixteen single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) within 9 genes were selected and high on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity (HPR) was defined as P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) value ≥230. The primary endpoint was ischemic events, including major adverse cardiac events (MACE), recurrence of stroke, transient ischemic attack (TIA), and the composite of vascular death, and the secondary endpoint was bleeding. Results: Of the 345 patients recruited, 275 (79.7%) patients were followed up for 1 year and 122 (35.4%) patients were categorized as HPR. Among the SNPs selected, only the CYP2C19*2 allele and the CYP2C19*3 allele were statistically significantly associated with PRU (P < 0.001 and P = 0.003, respectively). Similarly, the prevalence of HPR was associated with CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 (P < 0.001 and P = 0.001, respectively). During the 1 year of follow-up, a total of 64 (23.3%) cases of clinical events occurred, including 60 ischemic events and 4 bleeding events. There were no correlation between CYP2C19 variant alleles and clinical outcomes (P > 0.05), but a statistically significant relevance was found between the HPR and the ischemic events in 1 year of follow-up (P = 0.001). Conclusions: CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 had a significant impact on clopidogrel response, but was not associated with ischemic events during 1 year of follow-up in patients with acute ischemic stroke. HPR was an independent risk factor for ischemic events, and the VerifyNow P2Y12 test may be available to guide individualized antiplatelet therapies in stroke patients in China. ER  - 
Variant recurrent risk among stroke patients with different CYP2C19 phenotypes and treated with clopidogrel$$$ Polymorphisms of CYP2C19 have been associated with variant risk of subsequent cardiovascular events in survivors of myocardial infarction (MI) receiving clopidogrel. This study evaluated the impacts of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on stroke recurrence and other vascular events in a cohort of Chinese patients receiving clopidogrel. From Nanjing Stroke Registry Program, 625 consecutive patients with ischemic stroke were enrolled between May 2008 and April 2010. CYP2C19 variants (∗2,∗3, and ∗17) were genotyped. Clinical outcomes were determined with three monthly follow-up. The primary endpoint was a composite of vascular death, non-fatal ischemic stroke, and non-fatal MI. The second endpoint was bleeding events. The median exposure to clopidogrel was 13.2 (interquartile range, 8.9-18.0) months. Primary endpoint was observed in 85 (13.6%) patients and secondary endpoint in 13 (2.1%) patients. Frequencies of CYP2C19∗1, ∗2, ∗3, and ∗17 alleles were 61.2, 34.0, 3.8, and 1.0%, respectively, in this patient cohort. CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele (∗2 and ∗3, LOF) carriers were observed with higher risk of subsequent vascular events compared with non-carriers (17.2 versus 8.1%, HR = 2.16, 95% CI: 1.31-3.56, p = 0.003). After adjusted for age, sex, major cardiovascular risk factors, and drug agent, CYP2C19 LOF carrier was independently associated with primary endpoint (HR = 2.31, 95% CI: 1.39-3.84, p = 0.001). No significant association between CYP2C19 gain-of-function (∗17, GOF) and clinical events was detected. In Chinese stroke survivors treated with clopidogrel, carriers of CYP2C19 LOF allele may have increased risk of recurrence. ER  - 
Tailored antiplatelet therapy to improve prognosis in patients exhibiting clopidogrel low-response prior to percutaneous coronary intervention for stable angina or non-ST elevation acute coronary syndrome$$$ Aim: To investigate whether an intensified antiplatelet regimen could improve prognosis in stable or non-ST elevation in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients exhibiting high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) on clopidogrel and treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). There is a wide variability in the platelet reactivity to clopidogrel and HTPR has been associated with a poor prognosis. Methods: In this observational study, 923 consecutive patients without ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) and adequately pre-treated with clopidogrel were screened for HTPR with multiple electrode aggregometry after assessment of the coronary anatomy. Patients were grouped based on their response to clopidogrel and the assigned antiplatelet strategy. The primary endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, or stent thrombosis. Results: HTPR was demonstrated in 237 patients (25.7%). Of these, 114 continued on conventional clopidogrel therapy, while the remaining 123 received intensified antiplatelet therapy with either double-dose clopidogrel (150 mg daily, n = 55) or the newer P2Y12-inhibitors, prasugrel or ticagrelor (n = 68) for at least 30 days after the index procedure. The median follow-up was 571 days (interquartile range, 373-746). Intensifying antiplatelet therapy reduced the rate of the composite endpoint (p < 0.001). After adjustment for potential confounders, HTPR in combination with conventional clopidogrel therapy remained independently associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular events (hazard ratio (HR), 2.92; 95% CI, 1.90-4.48), whereas intensified treatment reduced the risk to a level equivalent to that of patients exhibiting normal platelet reactivity (HR, 1.08; 95% CI, 0.59-1.99). Conclusion: Tailored antiplatelet therapy significantly reduced the event rate in patients exhibiting HTPR prior to PCI. ER  - 
Genetic and platelet function testing of antiplatelet therapy for percutaneous coronary intervention: The ARCTIC-GENE study$$$ Background: The ARCTIC study randomized 2440 patients scheduled for stent implantation to a strategy of platelet function monitoring with drug adjustment in patients who had a poor response to antiplatelet therapy or to a conventional strategy without monitoring and drug adjustment. No significant improvement in clinical outcomes with platelet function monitoring was observed. Objective: The purpose of this study is to assess the relationships between CYP2C19 genotypes, clopidogrel pharmacodynamic response, and clinical outcome. Methods and results: In the ARCTIC-GENE study, 1394 patients were genotyped for loss- and gain-of-function CYP2C19 alleles. Randomization of treatment strategy was well balanced. Slow metabolizers identified as carriers of at least one loss-of-function allele CYP2C19∗2 (n = 459) were more likely poor responders at randomization (41.6 vs. 31.6 %, p = 0.0112) and 14 days later (23.8 vs. 10.4 %, p < 0.0001) and more frequently on prasugrel (11.5 vs. 8.1 %, p = 0.039) as compared with rapid metabolizers (n = 935). Intensification of antiplatelet treatment did not differ between slow and rapid metabolizers according to the study algorithm based on platelet function only. The primary study outcome defined as the composite of death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, stroke, or urgent revascularization 1 year after stent implantation did not differ between slow and rapid metabolizers (HR 0.988, 95 % CI [0.812;1.202], p = 0.90). Likewise, the primary safety outcome did not differ between rapid and slow metabolizer phenotype. Conclusions: The genetic clopidogrel profile was a good marker of platelet function response on clopidogrel but was not related to clinical outcome suggesting that the genetic added little to the pharmacodynamic information used in the study to adjust antiplatelet therapy. ER  - 
Practical experience with ticagrelor: An Australian and New Zealand perspective$$$ Objective:Ticagrelor is recommended in local and international guidelines as first-line therapy in combination with aspirin in patients presenting with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). The purpose of this article is to provide practical guidance regarding the use of ticagrelor in this setting.Methods and results:Ticagrelor, a direct-acting, reversible P2Y12 receptor antagonist, has a faster onset, and a more potent and predictable antiplatelet effect compared with clopidogrel. The authors recommend considering the use of ticagrelor in moderate-to-high risk ACS patients treated with an invasive approach and those managed non-invasively who have elevated troponin levels. Consistent with outcomes observed in the PLATO trial overall, ticagrelor was superior to clopidogrel treatment in patients with chronic kidney disease, a history of stroke or transient ischemic attack, the elderly, and patients requiring surgical revascularization.Conclusions:When switching from clopidogrel to ticagrelor, patients established on clopidogrel therapy can be switched directly without loading; patients not loaded with clopidogrel and not taking maintenance dose clopidogrel for at least 5 days should first be loaded with ticagrelor. Guidelines recommend discontinuing ticagrelor 5 days before surgery if antiplatelet effects are not desired and recommencing therapy as soon as safe following surgery. Ticagrelor should be avoided in individuals with a history of intracranial hemorrhage, moderate-to-severe hepatic impairment, high bleeding risk, within 24 hours of thrombolytic therapy, and in those treated with oral anticoagulants.Local, real-world experience suggests low bleeding rates with ticagrelor therapy. Dyspnoea is a common symptom in patients with ACS and is also a side-effect of ticagrelor therapy. Discontinuation of ticagrelor due to dyspnoea has been uncommon in clinical trials. However, local registry data suggest higher discontinuation rates (2-9%) related to dyspnoea in the real-world setting, indicating that clinicians may need to consider other potential causes of dyspnoea before discontinuing ticagrelor. ER  - 
Rivaroxaban for the treatment and prevention of thromboembolic disease$$$ Objectives A number of direct oral anticoagulants are now available and offer alternative strategies for anticoagulation therapy. Rivaroxaban, a direct oral Factor Xa inhibitor, is approved for use across several thromboembolic indications. This article aims to provide an overview of the key pharmacological characteristics of rivaroxaban and the rationale and evidence for the use of different dose regimens across its licenced indications, and offer practical guidance to healthcare professionals on responsible use. References were sourced via PubMed searches using the search string (rivaroxaban AND (pharmacokinetics OR pharmacodynamics OR (clinical studies) OR (drug interaction)) NOT review NOT (children OR pediatrics OR paediatrics OR adolescent)). Key findings Rivaroxaban exhibits predictable pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics, and thus does not require routine coagulation monitoring, unlike vitamin K antagonists (e.g. warfarin). Rivaroxaban also has a lower potential for drug-drug and food-drug interactions compared with warfarin; however, co-administration with strong inhibitors of both cytochrome P450 3A4 and P-glycoprotein is not recommended. The data indicate that dose adjustment is not necessary for age, gender or body weight. The dosing regimens of rivaroxaban vary depending on the indication, and phase III studies have demonstrated a favourable benefit-risk profile of rivaroxaban compared with traditional standard of care. Summary Rivaroxaban may offer an anticoagulant option that could simplify and improve the management of patients with thromboembolic disorders. ER  - 
Fabry’s disease: an example of cardiorenal syndrome type 5$$$ Cardiorenal syndrome type 5 (CRS-5) includes conditions where there is a simultaneous involvement of the heart and kidney from a systemic disorder. This is a bilateral organ cross talk. Fabry’s disease (FD) is a devastating progressive inborn error of metabolism with lysosomal glycosphingolipid deposition in variety of cell types, capillary endothelial cells, renal, cardiac and nerve cells. Basic effect is absent or deficient activity of lysosomal exoglycohydrolase a-galactosidase A. Renal involvement consists of proteinuria, isosthenuria, altered tubular function, presenting in second or third decade leading to azotemia and end-stage renal disease in third to fifth decade mainly due to irreversible changes to glomerular, tubular and vascular structures, especially highlighted by podocytes foot process effacement. Cardiac involvement consists of left ventricular hypertrophy, right ventricular hypertrophy, arrhythmias (sinus node and conduction system impairment), diastolic dysfunction, myocardial ischemia, infarction, transmural replacement fibrosis, congestive heart failure and cardiac death. Management of FD is based on enzymatic replacement therapy and control of renal (with anti-proteinuric agents such as angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors—and/or angiotensin II receptor blockers), brain (coated aspirin, clopidogrel and statin to prevent strokes) and heart complications (calcium channel blockers for ischemic cardiomyopathy, warfarin and amiodarone or cardioverter device for arrhythmias). ER  - 
The role of CYP2C19 and ABCB1 polymorphisms on platelet reactivity during dual antiplatelet therapy$$$ Background: Both high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR) and gene polymorphisms have been proposed to stratify cardiovascular event risk and to personalize maintenance dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) in stented patients. The current study sought to evaluate the clinical impact of newly reported genetic variations and their association with clopidogrel HPR in PCI patients with drug-eluting stent (DES) implantation. Methods: The study enrolled 147 consecutive patients undergoing DES implantation. A total of 9 tag single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were selected from CYP2C19 loss-of-function (∗2, ∗3) allele and ABCB1 C3435T variant. Thrombelastography (TEG) was performed to test the post-procedure maximum platelet agglutination (MA-ADP). The primary endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI), stent thrombosis, and ischaemic stroke at two-year follow-up after DES placement. The secondary endpoint was the incidence of bleeding events. Results: The prevalence of post-procedure HPR was 36% measured by TEG (n=53). Overall, 11 (7.5%) first ischemic events occurred. Patients with ischemic events had higher MA-ADP (P<0.0001 for all comparisons). Using multivariate logistic regression analysis, the carriage of CYP2C19∗3 LOF alleles was an independent predictor of the post-procedure HPR (OR: 4.7, 95% CI: 1.70- 17.23, p<0.001). Through multivariate Cox regression analysis, the carriage of CYP2C19∗3 LOF alleles and the post-procedure HPR were independent predictors of the primary endpoint (HR: 2.7, 95% CI: 1.60-5.97, p<0.001; HR: 3.9, 95% CI: 1.42-8.57, p<0.001, respectively). However, post-procedure MA-ADP did not predict a bleeding event (HR: 0.8, 95% CI: 0.34-1.49, p=0.648). Conclusions: This study indicates that CYP2C19∗3 LoF allele carrier status is an important independent predictor of the pharmacodynamic response to clopidogrel. HPR and CYP2C19 LoF carriage are associated with clinical outcomes in high-risk clopidogrel-treated patients who have undergone PCI. ER  - 
Genome-wide and candidate gene approaches of clopidogrel efficacy using pharmacodynamic and clinical end points-International Clopidogrel Pharmacogenomics Consortium (ICPC) study design$$$ Background: The P2Y12 inhibitor clopidogrel is widely used in patients with coronary artery disease and other atherosclerosis related conditions. An important limitation of clopidogrel is the wide inter-patient variability of platelet inhibition observed with pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic testing, in which high platelet reactivity is a strong predictor of atherothrombotic events. The CYP2C19∗2 polymorphism is the strongest genetic predictor of clopidogrel response known today; however, this variant only explains a small minority of the variability in platelet inhibition with clopidogrel, while heritability studies suggest that other important genetic determinants may exist. The aim of the International Clopidogrel Pharmacogenomic Consortium (ICPC) is to identify novel genetic determinants of clopidogrel response and correlate them with platelet function data and clinical outcomes by using GWAS and candidate gene approaches in a large dataset from independent patient cohorts. Methods: Based on the available data published on www.clinicaltrials.gov, clopidogrel intervention studies containing genetic and platelet function data were selected. Lead investigators were invited to share DNA samples, platelet function test results, clinical baseline characteristics and cardiovascular outcome data to perform GWAS and candidate gene analyses. For the primary GWAS analysis a combined thrombotic end point consisting of cardiovascular death, spontaneous myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke and definite stent thrombosis was used. Results: In total, 18 study centers from 13 countries are participating in the ICPC, providing individual data from 8,829 patients. A first GWAS analysis of over 2,600 patients has been performed; the remaining patients serve as a replication cohort. In the GWAS group - 76% male, average age 64 years - 1 year followup is available for the majority of patients. The primary end point occurred in 5.8% of patients. Platelet function tests were performed in all patients, predominantly Vasodilator-Stimulated Phosphoprotein assay (VASP), adenosine diphosphate stimulated Light Transmittance Aggregometry (LTA) and VerifyNow P2Y12. A QC analysis using the individual genotypes reported in each cohort showed a strong correlation between CYP2C19∗2 and thrombotic outcome (p<0.01). Specific pre-specified sub analyses are planned. Conclusion: The ICPC aims to identify new genes influencing clopidogrel efficacy by using state of the art genetic techniques in a large cohort of clopidogrel treated patients. Our findings may further facilitate the development of personalized medicine programs. ER  - 
A systematic review and meta-analysis of optimal antiplatelet therapy for diabetic patients with acute coronary syndrome$$$ Introduction and aims: Diabetic patients are at increased risk of Acute Coronary Syndromes (ACS), with relatively higher rates of mortality and morbidity. This systematic review sought to establish the optimum P2Y12 receptor antagonist therapy for this high risk population. Methods: We searched databases (Medline and Embase) and conference abstracts to 8th June 2014; for randomised control trials with clinical outcomes for P2Y12 inhibitors in adult diabetic patients with ACS. 2 authors independently evaluated the quality of studies and extracted data. Meta-analysis was performed with statistical direct and indirect comparison. Studies were evaluated for the primary composite end point of cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction and non-fatal stroke. Results: 1162 studies were reviewed and 17 articles (7 studies) satisfied protocol criteria. 4 compared clopidogrel to placebo in diabetic patients of which 2 had the required primary outcome (n=3122). Results showed superiority of clopidogrel (relative risk (RR) 0.84 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.72-0.99). Irrespective of management strategy, the newer agents prasugrel (2 studies) and ticagrelor (1 study) had a lower primary event rate compared to clopidogrel; RR 0.80 (95% CI 0.66-0.97) and RR 0.89 (95% CI 0.77-1.02) respectively. Ticagrelor was indirectly compared to prasugrel showing a trend to an improved primary outcome with prasugrel (fig 1) particularly in those managed with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). (Figure presented) Conclusions: This meta-analysis shows that the addition of a P2Y12 Inhibitor is superior to placebo, with a trend favouring the use of prasugrel in diabetic patients with ACS. This supports the 2011 ESC guidance for the preferential use of prasugrel in the diabetic population due PCI for ACS. ER  - 
Comparison of short-term clinical outcomes between new p2y12 receptor inhibitors and clopidogrel in patients with acute myocardial infarction: From the core cohort in Korea$$$ Background and objects: It has been well known that new P2Y12 receptor inihibitors (RI; prasugrel or ticagrelor) could improve clinical outcomes in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI). However, there were little data about the impact of new P2Y12 RI in Korean patients with AMI. Therefore, we compared the short-term clinical outcomes between new P2Y12 RI and clopidogrel in patients with AMI undergoing successful percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods: Between November 2011 and August 2014, a total of 4,029 patients (3,186 patients were prescribed clopidogrel and 843 patients new P2Y12 RI [474 patients prasugrel and 369 patients ticagrelor]) with AMI undergoing successful PCI were included from Korea Acute Myocardial Infarction Registry-National Institute of Health. The patients older than 75 years, weight<60 kg, or with a history of stroke and with in-hospital switching among 3 antiplatelet agents were excluded. The propensity score matching (802 pairs) were performed in order to compare the in-hospital clinical outcomes between new P2Y12 RI and clopidogrel after adjusting for baseline clinical and procedural confounders. Results: P2Y12 reactivity unit by the VerifyNow P2Y12 test was 77.5±74.50 in new P2Y21 RI and 212.2±80.72 in clopidogrel. The incidences of Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) major bleeding and minor bleeding were significantly higher in new P2Y12 RI than clopidogrel (3.1% vs. 1.1%, p=0.006; 4.1% vs. 1.9%, p=0.008). However, there were no significant differences in in-hospital mortality and the composite of cardiac death, MI or stroke during hospital stay between new P2Y12 RI and clopidogrel (1.0% vs. 0.7%, p=0.591; 1.0% vs. 1.1%, p=0.807). Also, no difference in the composite of cardiac death, MI, stent thrombosis, target vessel revascularization or stroke at 6 months was observed in both group (1.0% vs. 2.3%, p=0.114). On multivariate analysis, use of statin, TFI vs. TRI and use of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors were independent predictors of the composite of cardiac death, MI, stent thrombosis, stroke or TIMI major bleeding (odd ratio [OR]=0.187; 95% confidence interval [CI]=0.083-0.422, OR=10.811; 95% CI: 2.560-45.652, OR=2.174; 95% CI: 1.103-4.284). Conclusions: Our study shows that new P2Y12 RI had similar efficacy for preventing ischemic events compared with clopidogrel, but an increased bleeding complications. The large scale, long-term, randomized trials should be needed to assess the safety of P2Y12 RI for Korean AMI patients undergoing successful PCI. ER  - 
Comparison of in-hospital clinical outcomes between ticagrelor versus clopiodogrel in patients with acute myocardial infarction undergoing successful revascularization$$$ Objectives: This study sought to determine the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor compared to clopiodgrel in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Background: It has been well known that ticagrelor could improve clinical outcomes in patients with AMI without increasing bleeding risk. However, the clinical impacts of ticagrelor in Korean patients with AMI have not been well established. Methods: Between November 2011 and August 2014, a total of 4,029 patients (3,186 patients were prescribed clopidogrel and 843 patients ticagrelor) with AMI undergoing successful revascularization were analyzed from Korea Acute Myocardial Infarction Registry-National Institute of Health registry. The patients with in-hospital switching between two antiplatelet agents were excluded. The propensity score matching (802 pairs) were performed in order to compare the in-hospital clinical outcomes between ticagrelor and clopidogrel after adjusting for baseline clinical and procedural confounders. Results: P2Y12 reactivity unit by the VerifyNow P2Y12 test was 68.6±66.82 in ticagrelor and 237.9±89.57 in clopidogrel. There were no significant differences in a composite of cardiac death, MI or stroke during hospital stay between ticagrelor and clopidogrel (1.1% vs. 1.3%, p=0.780). However, the incidences of Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) major bleeding and minor bleeding were significantly higher in ticagrelor than clopidogrel (4.6% vs. 1.5%, p=0.003; 5.8% vs. 2.4%, p=0.006). No difference in the composite of cardiac death, MI, stent thrombosis, target vessel revascularization or stroke at 6 months was observed in both group (1.8% vs. 2.9%, p=0.444). On multivariate analysis, use of ticagrelor, ≥75 years old or body weight <60 kg, TFI vs. TRI and non ST elevation MI were independent predictors of TIMI major bleeding (odd ratio [OR]=3.807; 95% confidence interval [CI]=1.589-9.120, OR=3.105; 95% CI: 1.240-7.771, OR=7.675; 95% CI: 2.144-27.471, OR=2.720; 95% CI: 1.236-5.985). Conclusions: Our study shows that ticagrelor might have an increasing bleeding complications compared with clopidogrel, without preventing ischemic events. The large scale, long-term, randomized trials should be needed to assess the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor for Korean AMI patients undergoing successful PCI. ER  - 
Association of a reduced antiplatelet activity of CYP3A4-metabolized statin with clinical outcomes during dual antiplatelet therapy following percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Purpose: Statins primarily metabolized by cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) reportedly reduce clopidogrel metabolism to active metabolite. Recent studies suggest that CYP 3A4-metabolized statins attenuate the anti-aggregatory effect of clopidogrel. We sought to assess the antiplatelet activity of a CYP 3A4 metabolized statin and its association with clinical outcomes during dual antiplatelet therapy following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods: Among 3,755 patients enrolled the HOST-ASSURE trial, 1,187 patients with both baseline and 1-month platelet reactivity unit (PRU) values assessed by VerifyNow P2Y12 assay were assigned to the CYP 3A4-metabolized statin group (n=725) or non-CYP 3A4-metabolized statin group (n=462) according to type of statins used. The primary outcome was the difference of PRU values between the baseline and follow-up PRU values. The secondary outcomes included the composite of all-cause death, recurrent myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular accident, and any revascularization and stent thrombosis during median 717 days of follow-up. We compared the outcomes between groups both in the propensity adjusted and matched cohorts. Results: Mean difference of PRU values was not significant in the CYP 3A4- metabolized statin group (mean difference: -4±84, p=0.367) and was significant in the non-CYP 3A4-metabolized statin group (mean difference: -12±69, p=0.006) both in the propensity score adjusted and matched cohorts. Patients with high PRU value at baseline, irrespective of the type of used statins, were associated with a significant reduction in mean difference of PRU values both in the propensity score adjusted (mean difference: -53.35, p<0.001) and matched cohort (mean difference: -41.57, p<0.001). The composite of clinical events did not differ between groups both in the propensity score adjusted (hazard ratio [HR] 0.962, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.621-1.489, p=0.861) and matched (HR 0.902, 95% CI 0.554-1.468, p=0.678) cohorts. Conclusions: This study showed that a CYP 3A4-metabolized statin slightly reduces antiplatelet activity of clopidogrel during dual antiplatelet therapy but did not increase clinical events in patients following PCI. ER  - 
CYP2C19 and CES1 polymorphisms and efficacy of clopidogrel and aspirin dual antiplatelet therapy in patients with symptomatic intracranial atherosclerotic disease$$$ Introduction: Symptomatic intracranial atherosclerotic disease(ICAD) has a high risk of recurrent stroke. Genetic polymorphisms(SNPs) in CYP2C19 and CES1 are associated with adverse outcomes in cardiovascular patients, but have not been studied in ICAD. We studied CYP2C19 and CES1 SNPs in symptomatic ICAD patients. Methods: At three centers, genotype testing for CYP2C19 ∗2, ∗3, ∗8, ∗17, and CES1 G143E was performed on symptomatic ICAD patients taking clopidogrel and aspirin. Multiple logistic regression was performed to assess the association of these SNPs with the primary endpoint which was a composite of TIA, stroke, myocardial infarction, or death within 12 months of initiating clopidogrel. Results: 234 patients were separately analyzed by treatment: percutaneous transluminal angioplasty/stenting(PTAS)(n=45) and medical(n=189). The primary endpoint occurred in 31% of PTAS and 47% of medical patients. After adjusting for covariates, variant allele of CES1 G143E was nominally associated with higher odds of primary endpoint in the medical group compared to wild-type homozygotes(OR 10.71, 95% CI 1.23-93.62, P=0.032). There were no CES1 G143E variant carriers in the PTAS group. There was no association between CYP2C19 variants and the primary endpoint in either the medical or the PTAS groups. Conclusions: This is the first study examining genetic variants and their effects in symptomatic ICAD. CES1 G143E polymorphism was nominally associated with the primary endpoint in symptomatic ICAD patients. However, the direction of the association was opposite of what is expected based on the function of this SNP. This may reflect an incomplete understanding of CES1 genetic variation, and warrants further investigations. ER  - 
Cytochrome P450 CYP 2C19∗2 associated with adverse 1-year cardiovascular events in patients with acute coronary syndrome$$$ Background: The cytochrome P450 (CYP450) 2C19 681 genotypes affect the antiplatelet activity of clopidogrel. We investigated the correlation of CYP 2C19 681G > A mutation with clopidogrel resistance (CR). Additionally, we studied the effect of CR on clinical prognosis of patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Methods: One hundred ten ACS patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention, who were followed-up for 1 year, were included in the study. The patients were co-administered aspirin 100 mg/d and clopidogrel 75mg/d following a loading dose of 300 mg. CR was assessed on the basis of polymorphism observed in the CYP2C19 subgroup. Results: Patients in GG genotype group exhibited greater inhibition of platelet aggregation than patients in GA and AA genotype groups (16.2 ± 10.1%; 10.2 ± 9.9%; 8.0 ± 5.9%, respectively, p < 0.01). CYP2C19 681GG genotype group was associated with lower CR than CYP2C19 681A allele (GA + AA) group (9/59 vs. (12+5)/51; p = 0.009). Over a follow-up of 12 months, the incidence of recurrent angina, acute myocardial infarction, and intra-stent thrombosis in CYP2C19 681 GG carriers was significantly lower than that in CYP2C19 681A allele (GA + AA) group (2/59 vs. 8/51, 1/59 vs. 6/51, 0 vs. 4/51, respectively, p < 0.05). Conclusion: CYP 2C19∗2 is associated with reduced clopidogrel antiplatelet activity and might be an important marker for poor prognosis of ACS. ER  - 
Platelet function testing in transient ischaemic attack and ischaemic stroke: A comprehensive systematic review of the literature$$$ The majority of patients with ischaemic cerebrovascular disease (CVD) are not protected from further vascular events with antiplatelet therapy. Measurement of inhibition of platelet function ex vivo on antiplatelet therapy, using laboratory tests that correlate with the clinical effectiveness of these agents, would potentially enable physicians to tailor antiplatelet therapy to suit individuals. A systematic review of the literature was performed to collate all available data on ex vivo platelet function/reactivity in CVD patients, especially those treated with aspirin, dipyridamole or clopidogrel. Particular emphasis was paid to information from commonly available whole blood platelet function analysers (PFA-100®, VerifyNow® and Multiplate®). Data on pharmacogenetic mechanisms potentially influencing high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) on antiplatelet therapy in CVD were reviewed. Two-hundred forty-nine potentially relevant articles were identified; 93 manuscripts met criteria for inclusion. The prevalence of ex vivo HTPR in CVD varies between 3-62% with aspirin monotherapy, 8-61% with clopidogrel monotherapy and 56-59% when dipyridamole is added to aspirin in the early, subacute or late phases after TIA/stroke onset. The prevalence of HTPR on aspirin was higher on the PFA-100 than on the VerifyNow in one study (p < 0.001). Furthermore, the prevalence of HTPR on aspirin was lower when one used 'novel longitudinal' rather than 'cross-sectional, case-control' definitions of HTPR on the PFA early after TIA or stroke (p = 0.003; 1 study). Studies assessing the influence of genetic polymorphisms on HTPR in CVD patients are limited, and need validation in large multicentre studies. Available data illustrate that an important proportion of CVD patients have ex vivo HTPR on their prescribed antiplatelet regimen, and that the prevalence varies depending on the definition and assay used. Large, adequately-sized, prospective multicentre collaborative studies are urgently needed to determine whether comprehensive assessment of HTPR at high and low shear stress with a range of user-friendly whole blood platelet function testing platforms, in conjunction with pharmacogenetic data, improves our ability to predict the risk of recurrent vascular events in CVD patients, and thus enhance secondary prevention following TIA or ischaemic stroke. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of P2Y<inf>12</inf> inhibitors according to diabetes, age, gender, body mass index and body weight: Systematic review and meta-analyses of randomized clinical trials$$$ Objective: The efficacy of antiplatelet drugs may differ in specific patient subgroups. We aimed to assess the efficacy and safety of the P2Y<inf>12</inf> inhibitors clopidogrel, ticlopidine, prasugrel, ticagrelor, and cangrelor according to diabetes status, age, gender, body mass index, and body weight. Methods: Randomized clinical trials (RCTs) of P2Y<inf>12</inf> inhibitors reporting information on cardiovascular disease (defined as myocardial infarction, stroke, or cardiovascular death) and bleeding (defined as any bleeding) events among the subgroups diabetes and non-diabetes, age ≥65 and <65 year-old, men and women, body mass index ≥30 and <30kg/m<sup>2</sup>, and body weight ≥60 and <60kg, were identified in Medline, Embase, Web of Science, and Cochrane Library on August 31st, 2014. For each inhibitor, random-effects meta-analyses were used to estimate the ratio of relative risks (rRR) for cardiovascular and bleeding events among patient subgroups. Results: Twenty distinct RCTs (233285 participants, 21323 cardiovascular and 5183 bleeding events) were identified. Cardiovascular risk reduction with clopidogrel did not significantly differ according to diabetes (rRR: 1.04; 95% CI: 0.95 to 1.13; p=0.395), age (0.98; 0.88 to 1.09; p=0.347), gender (0.97; 0.90 to 1.04; p=0.382), or body mass index (1.11, 0.95 to 1.31; p=0.191). Results for other inhibitors were comparable, although available data were sparse. Limited data on bleeding events were available. Conclusion: Data from RCTs did not show a different cardiovascular efficacy of clopidogrel in diabetes mellitus and other clinically relevant subgroups. Limited information was available on the efficacy and safety of other P2Y<inf>12</inf> inhibitors in specific subgroups. ER  - 
Use of thromboelastography to tailor dual-antiplatelet therapy in patients undergoing treatment of intracranial aneurysms with the Pipeline embolization device$$$ Background Platelet function testing is controversial and not well studied in patients with neurovascular disease. Objective To evaluate the performance of thromboelastography (TEG) as a platelet function test in neurovascular patients treated with the Pipeline embolization device (PED). Methods A prospective protocol was instituted for platelet function testing in patients undergoing repair of intracranial aneurysms with the PED. All patients received dual antiplatelet therapy (DAT) and their response to both P2Y12 inhibitors and aspirin was quantified with TEG. Each patient's DAT induction strategy was tailored based on the percentage ADP-induced and percentage arachidonic acid-induced platelet inhibition reported by TEG. Data collected included clinical presentation, aneurysm characteristics, treatment details, and periprocedural events. Patients were followed up clinically and/or angiographically at 30 days, 6 months, and 1 year. Results Thirty-four PED procedures were performed on 31 patients. TEG results altered the DAT strategy in 35% of patients. Technical success with the Pipeline placement was 100%. Two patients had minor strokes and five had transient ischemic attacks (TIAs). There have been no hemorrhagic complications. No patient had permanent neurologic deficits. Six of eight (75%) of patients with thromboembolic/TIA events were ADP-induced hyporesponders by TEG. Our 6- and 12- month angiographic occlusion rates were 78.9% and 89.5%, respectively. The 19 major branches covered by the PED that were assessed by follow-up imaging have all remained patent. Conclusions Platelet function testing with TEG altered our DAT induction strategy in a significant number of cases. No hemorrhagic or disabling thromboembolic complications were seen in this series. Future studies should compare methods of platelet function testing and, possibly, no platelet function testing in neurovascular patients undergoing flow diversion and/or stent-assisted treatment of intracranial aneurysms. ER  - 
Pharmacodynamic profile and drug interactions with non-vitamin K antagonist oral anticoagulants: Implications for patients with atrial fibrillation$$$ Introduction: Non-vitamin K antagonist oral anticoagulants (NOACs) have been developed to prevent ischemic stroke and systemic thromboembolism in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation. Owing to their predictable pharmacological profiles, they can be given in fixed doses without the need for routine coagulation monitoring. However, their distinctive pharmacological properties also raise issues about potential drug interactions.Areas covered: A literature search was conducted to extract published studies on the pharmacodynamics and drug interactions involving NOACs. Available data from US FDA and European Medicine Agency were also included. As these agents are substrates of permeability glycoprotein (P-gp) efflux transporter and/or CYP3A4 enzymes, articles focusing on the co-administration of NOACs and drugs affecting these pathways are discussed. Concomitant use of NOACs with antiplatelet agents may potentially increase bleeding risk.Expert opinion: Measurement of anticoagulant effects is desired to evaluate the risk of thromboembolism or bleeding for patients with NOACs. Prescribers should be vigilant against combination prescription of NOACs with strong inhibitors (such as ketoconazole) or inducers of P-gp and/or CYP3A4 (such as rifampicin). Potential benefit of concurrent use of these agents with antiplatelet drugs should be cautiously balanced against latent risk in specific clinical situations. ER  - 
Remote platelet function testing using measurements of P-selectin in patients with acute stroke or TIA already receiving treatment with antiplatelet agents$$$ Background: Patients with acute stroke or TIA are prescribed antiplatelet agents. TARDIS is an international multicentre trial of patients with acute stroke or TIA, and is testing the safety and efficacy of intensive antiplatelet agents (combined aspirin, dipyridamole and clopidogrel) vs. guideline (aspirin and dipyridamole, or clopidogrel alone) given for 1 month. In a substudy, platelet function is measured at baseline and after 7 days. Aims: To assess the effectiveness of pre-existing antiplatelet treatment in patients with acute stroke or TIA at baseline prior to randomisation. Methods: Platelet function testing was via measurement of P-selectin on platelets using the Aspirin and P2Y12 Test Kits from Platelet Solutions Ltd. Blood samples were stimulated with arachidonic acid or adenosine diphosphate immediately after collection, stabilised with PAMFix (from PSL) and sent by post to Nottingham for flow cytometric analysis. The data for the Aspirin Test shows that the group taking aspirin (A) alone or in combination with dipyridamole (AD) had low platelet function; however 5% of patients had a level that remained high (median fluorescence, MF > 500). The P2Y12 Test shows that those taking clopidogrel (C) had low platelet function; however 44% of these had a level that remained high (MF > 500). Conclusion: Patients who are already taking antiplatelet agents have reduced platelet function but in some the treatment is not working as effectively as in others. High residual platelet function might have contributed to the stroke or TIA. Platelet function testing via measurement of platelet P-selectin can be performed remotely in the context of a multicentre trial. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Optimal P2Y12 blockade in oral dual antiplatelet therapy for women with coronary heart disease-a systematic review and metaanalysis$$$ Introduction Current European and American guidelines indicate the use of P2Y12 inhibitors in the management of patients with acute coronary syndromes and post coronary intervention. In recent times, newer P2Y12 inhibitors such as ticagrelor and prasugrel have been shown to be clinically superior to clopidogrel at reducing mortality. However contrary to this statement some of large randomised controlled trials (RCT) investigating these newer agents have not shown a significant benefit in women. The aim of our meta-analysis is to ascertain which is the superior P2Y12inhibitor in the management of coronary heart disease (CHD) in women. Methods Using a defined-search strategy, electronic databases (MEDLINE and Embase) were searched for papers published between 1946-2014, and abstracts from major cardiology conferences to 8th June 2014. For inclusion they had to be RCT in design with clinical outcomes for P2Y12 inhibitors in adult female patients with coronary heart disease. Nine eligible studies comparing P2Y12 inhibitors were identified and appraised using set criteria by two independent authors who then extracted the relevant data. Six of these studies compared clopidogrel to a control group; two compared prasugrel to clopidogrel and one compared ticagrelor to clopidogrel. Combined, these studies recruited a total of 31579 female patients. Risk ratios (RR) and their 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated for a composite endpoint of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction (MI) or stroke. We then used indirect comparison analyses to compare prasugrel and ticagrelor against the control arm in their original trials. Results When compared to aspirin alone, clopidogrel was shown to be efficacious at reducing the risk of developing the composite endpoint with a RR of 0.92 (CI: 0.85-0.99, p = 0.03) (Figure 1). Additionally when compared to clopidogrel therapy, ticagrelor was shown to reduce the risk of developing the composite endpoint with a RR of 0.84 (95% CI: 0.72-0.97 p = 0.02) whilst prasugrel was shown to have a non-statistically significant benefit with a RR of 0.93 (95% CI: 0.82-1.06, p = 0.27). When indirectly comparing ticagrelor to prasugrel, a weak trend suggesting ticagrelor to be superior to prasugrel was observed with a RR of 0.90 (95% CI: 0.74-1.10), but this was not statistically significant (Figure 2). Conclusions P2Y12 inhibitors are of clinical benefit in women with CHD. Ticagrelor is superior to clopidogrel therapy, and has a possible weak trend to superiority over prasugrel in the management of female patients with CHD. (Table Presented). ER  - 
The first specific antiplatelet antidote$$$ In this issue of Blood, Buchanan and coauthors present the development of a specific antidote for ticagrelor.<sup>1</sup> In fact, this is the first specific antidote against any antiplatelet agent. ER  - 
CYP2C19 metabolizer status and clopidogrel efficacy in the Secondary Prevention of Small Subcortical Strokes (SPS3) study$$$ BACKGROUND: The role of the CYP2C19 genotype on clopidogrel efficacy has been studied widely, with data suggesting reduced clopidogrel efficacy in loss-of-function variant carriers taking clopidogrel after percutaneous coronary intervention; however, data are limited regarding the association between CYP2C19 genetic variants and outcomes in stroke patients. We investigated whether CYP2C19 metabolizer status affects the risk of recurrent stroke or major bleeding in subcortical stroke patients taking dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel. METHODS AND RESULTS: CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*17 were genotyped in 522 patients treated with dual antiplatelet therapy from the Secondary Prevention of Small Subcortical Strokes (SPS3) study. CYP2C19 metabolizer status was inferred from genotype, and associations with the risk of recurrent stroke and major bleeding were assessed in the overall cohort and by race/ethnic group with logistic regression modeling. In the overall cohort, there were no differences in outcomes by CYP2C19 metabolizer status (recurrent stroke, odds ratio 1.81 [95% CI 0.76 to 4.30]; major bleeding, odds ratio 0.67 [95% CI 0.22 to 2.03]). In white participants, those with CYP2C19 intermediate or poor metabolizer status had higher odds of recurrent stroke (odds ratio 5.19 [95% CI 1.08 to 24.90]) than those with extensive or ultrarapid metabolizer status, but there was no evidence of difference in major bleeding. CONCLUSIONS: There were significant differences in recurrent stroke by CYP2C19 genotype-inferred metabolizer status in white subcortical stroke patients receiving dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel, consistent with cardiovascular studies on CYP2C19 and clopidogrel; however, the bleeding risk that led to early termination of the antiplatelet arm of the SPS3 trial does not appear to be explained by CYP2C19 genotype. This study was relatively underpowered; therefore, these findings should be interpreted with caution and warrant replication. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT00059306. ER  - 
Comparison of short-term clinical outcomes between new P2Y12 receptor inhibitors and clopidogrel in patients with acute myocardial infarction$$$ BACKGROUND It has been well known that new P2Y12 receptor inhibitors (RI; prasugrel or ticagrelor) could improve clinical outcomes in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI). However, there were little data about the impact of new P2Y12 RI in Korean patients with AMI. Therefore, we compared the short-term clinical outcomes between new P2Y12 RI and clopidogrel in patients with AMI undergoing successful percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS Between November 2011 and August 2014, a total of 4,029 patients (3,186 patients were prescribed clopidogrel and 843 patients new P2Y12 RI [474 patients prasugrel and 369 patients ticagrelor]) with AMI undergoing successful PCI were included from Korea Acute Myocardial Infarction Registry-National Institute of Health. The patients older than 75 years, weight< 60 kg, or with a history of stroke and with in-hospital switching among 3 antiplatelet agents were excluded. The propensity score matching (802 pairs) were performed in order to compare the in-hospital clinical outcomes between new P2Y12 RI and clopidogrel after adjusting for baseline clinical and procedural confounders. RESULTS P2Y12 reactivity unit by the Verify Now P2Y12 test was 77.5±74.50 in new P2Y21 RI and 212.2±80.72 in clopidogrel. The incidences of Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) major bleeding and minor bleeding were significantly higher in new P2Y12 RI than clopidogrel (3.1% vs. 1.1%,p=0.006; 4.1% vs. 1.9%, p=0.008). However, there were no significant differences in in-hospital mortality and the composite of cardiac death, MI or stroke during hospital stay between new P2Y12 RI and clopidogrel (1.0% vs. 0.7%, p=0.591; 1.0%vs. 1.1%, p=0.807). Also, no difference in the composite of cardiac death, MI, stent thrombosis, target vessel revascularization or stroke at 6 months was observed in both group (1.0% vs. 2.3%, p=0.114). On multivariate analysis, use of statin, TFI vs. TRI and use of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors were independent predictors of the composite of cardiac death, MI, stent thrombosis, stroke or TIMI major bleeding (odd ratio [OR]=0.187; 95% confidence interval [CI]=0.083-0.422, OR=10.811; 95%CI=2.560-45.652,OR=2.174; 95% CI=1.103-4.284). CONCLUSION Our study shows that new P2Y12 RI had similar efficacy for preventing ischemic events compared with clopidogrel, but an increased bleeding complications. The large scale, long-term, randomized trials should be needed to assess the safety of P2Y12 RI for Korean AMI patients undergoing successful PCI. ER  - 
Novel Anti-platelet Agents in Acute Coronary Syndrome: Mechanisms of Action and Opportunities to Tailor Therapy$$$ Dual anti-platelet therapy, most commonly aspirin and clopidogrel, has been the standard of care for over a decade in patients who have experienced acute coronary syndrome, particularly when treated with coronary stenting. However, residual risk in patients receiving dual anti-platelet therapy post-acute coronary syndrome raises an unmet need for alternative therapy to clopidogrel. Consequently, novel anti-platelets agents including the P2Y12 receptor antagonists, such as prasugrel and ticagrelor, have emerged. Furthermore, using new methods to assess genetic polymorphisms and functional phenotypic assessments of platelet reactivity may become important in the development of personalized medicine and in developing tailored approaches to individual treatment. While robust large-scale evidence for genotypic- and phenotypic-guided therapy in improving outcomes is currently lacking, tremendous interest from various stakeholders including researchers, funding agencies, and industry continues to spur research endeavors in this arena. Further investigation is required in this emerging field to potentially offer improved platelet inhibition that may optimize cardioprotection and minimize bleeding risk in patients with acute coronary syndrome. ER  - 
Lack of association of clinical factors (SAMe-TT2R2) with CYP2C9/VKORC1 genotype and anticoagulation control quality$$$ Background and Purpose Advantages of new oral anticoagulations may be greater in atrial fibrillation (AF) patients of poor anticoagulation control with warfarin. The SAMe-TT2R2 scoring system, based on clinical variables, was recently developed to aid in identifying these patients. In this study, we investigated the association of this clinical composite score with genetic factors related warfarin dosing and the quality of anticoagulation control. Methods Clinical and genetic data were collected from 380 consecutive Korean patients with AF (CHA2DS2-VASc score, 3.5±1.8) who were followed for an average of 4 years. We evaluated factors associated with time in therapeutic range (TTR, INR 2-3), including the CYP2C9 and VKORC1 genotypes and the SAMe-TT2R2 score (Sex female, Age <60 years, Medical history [>two co-morbidities], Treatment [interacting drugs, e.g., amiodarone], To­bacco use within 2 years [doubled], and Race non-white [doubled]). Results The average SAMe-TT2R2 score was 3.4±0.9, range 2-7; and 153 patients (40.2%) had SAMe-TT2R2 scores ≥4. Time in specific INR ranges varied depending on the VKORC1 genotype but not with the CYP2C9 genotype or the SAMe-TT2R2 score. TTR was higher in patients with the VKORC1 1173C>T than in VKORC1 TT (61.7±16% vs. 56.7±17.4%, P=0.031). Multivariate testing showed that VKORC1 genotype but not the SAMe-TT2R2 score was significantly associated with labile INRs. There was no correlation between the SAMe-TT2R2 scores and pharmacogenetic data. Conclusions A genetic factor, but none of the common clinical and demographic factors, as combined in the SAMe-TT2R2 score, was associated with the quality of anticoagulation con­trol in Korean patients with AF. ER  - 
Clopidogrel use in end-stage kidney disease$$$ Clopidogrel irreversibly binds to the P2Y12 platelet receptor and acts as a potent inhibitor of platelet activation and aggregation. It is currently recommended for the prevention of cardiovascular events in patients with acute coronary syndromes, recent ischemic stroke, and peripheral arterial disease. Clopidogrel is a prodrug requiring hepatic conversion into its active metabolite. In the general population, genetic polymorphisms in the CYP2C19 gene interfering with hepatic conversion and the ABCB1 gene interfering with gut absorption of clopidogrel, account for the large interindividual response to clopidogrel and clopidogrel resistance. Chronic kidney disease (CKD) and ESKD are independent risk factors for clopidogrel resistance; 50-80% of patients with ESKD have high on-treatment residual platelet reactivity when treated with clopidogrel. This may partially explain the abysmal outcomes for patients with kidney disease post coronary intervention. Several assays are used to determine residual on-treatment platelet reactivity; however, their use in tailoring the suitability of clopidogrel treatment in patients with ESKD is unclear. Although clopidogrel decreased cardiovascular events in the general population after acute coronary syndromes and percutaneous intervention in the CURE and CREDO trials, a reanalysis of these studies in patients with CKD (eGFR <60 ml/minute) showed either a reduced or no benefit from clopidogrel treatment. ESKD patients were not represented in these two large trials; this is true for most of the trials that established clopidogrel as an integral part of the therapeutic armamentarium for cardiovascular disease. Furthermore, clopidogrel has been associated with an increased risk of death, death from bleeding, and hospitalization for bleeding in patients with ESKD. In conclusion, current evidence suggests that ESKD patients may not derive the same benefits from clopidogrel therapy as the general population and this therapy may be associated with harm. Properly designed observational studies and randomized controlled trials are needed to establish the role of clopidogrel in patients with ESKD, the use of platelet assays to tailor therapy, and the role of other antiplatelet agents such as prasugrel or ticagrelor in patients who exhibit high on-treatment residual platelet reactivity. ER  - 
Correlation between residual platelet reactivity after clopidogrel loading and long-term major adverse outcome among STEMI patients undergoing delayed primary percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Aims: It has been shown that higher residual platelet reactivity (RPR) (P2Y12-Reaction-Units, PRU>251.5) after clopidogrel loading is associated with larger intracoronary thrombus burden, as well as with impaired myocardial perfusion after revascularisation. We investigated whether RPR is further correlated with long-term major adverse clinical events among ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) patients undergoing an unexpectedly delayed primary PCI. Methods and results: A retrospective observational study was conducted, including patients with STEMI, who were either transferred from a referring hospital or presented directly to our hospital and unexpectedly failed to achieve the goal of a first medical contact-to-balloon time of less than 2 h. VerifyNow assay was used to determine RPR after clopidogrel loading. Study population was divided into Low and High RPR groups (PRU<251.5 and PRU>251.5, respectively) according to the previously published study. Major adverse clinical events (MACE) (cardiovascular death, stroke, myocardial infarction, revascularisation) were recorded in long-term follow-up. A total of 61 consecutive STEMI patients (mean age 62.13±12 years, 48 males) were enrolled in the study. Low RPR group included 38 patients (62.3%), while high RPR group included 23 patients (37.7%). In long-term follow-up (mean follow-up period 33± 19 months), it was found that among patients with high RPR, MACE were more frequent in comparison with the low RPR group (p=0.043, phi coefficient=0.3). After adjustment for age, diabetes mellitus and ejection fraction at hospital exit, high RPR group remained an independent predictor of MACE (OR: 4.478, CI: 1.001-20.096; p=0.05). To further investigate the prognostic value of high RPR in clinical outcomes, by Cox proportional hazards regression model, it was shown that high RPR levels, is an independent prognostic factor for MACE-free survival among STEMI patients undergoing primary PCI (hazard ratio: 0.282, 95% CI: [0.093-0.854], p=0.025). Conclusions: Among STEMI patients undergoing primary PCI, those with initial PRU levels above the cutoff point of 251.1, have a higher incidence of major adverse cardiac events during long-term follow-up. ER  - 
Incidence and clinical features of early stent thrombosis in the era of new P2Y12 inhibitors (PLATIS-2)$$$ Aims: Early stent thrombosis (EST) (i.e., ≤ 30 days after stent implantation) is a relatively rare but deleterious complication of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Administration of the newer P2Y12 inhibitors (i.e., prasugrel and ticagrelor) in conjugation with aspirin has demonstrated a decrement in the incidence of subacute and late stent thrombosis in comparison to clopidogrel. The aim of the current study was to investigate the “real life” incidence of EST in large national registry in a setting where newer P2Y12 inhibitors are widely used. Methods and results: Patients were derived from the acute coronary syndromes Israeli survey (ACSIS), conducted during 2006, 2008, 2010, 2013. Major adverse cardiac events (MACE) at 30-days were defined as all cause death, recurrent ACS, EST and stroke. Of the 4,717 patients with ACS who underwent PCI and stenting, 83% were treated with clopidogrel, 11% with prasugrel and 7% with ticagrelor. The MACE rate was 10.4% in the clopidogrel group compared with 7% and 8% in the prasugrel and ticagrelor group, respectively (p=0.03). Nevertheless, the EST rate was similar in all groups (1.4% for clopidogrel; 1.6% for prasugrel and 2% of ticagrelor group, p=0.6). Moreover, the EST rate (1% 2.5%, 1.1%, 1.5%) did not differ significantly between the years 2006, 2008, 2010, 2013, respectively. Conclusions: The incidence of EST following PCI in ACS was similar between patients who had received newer antiplatelet agents and clopidogrel. Nevertheless, MACE rate was lower in patients who had received newer antiplatelets agents. ER  - 
Cytochrome P 450 2C19 loss-of-function allele and peripheral endothelial dysfunction are significantly correlated with subsequent cardiovascular events following coronary stent implantation$$$ Aims: The aim of this study was to evaluate an additive effect of endothelial dysfunction on clinical outcome following coronary stent implantation in patients with a cytochrome P 450 (CYP) 2C19 variant. Methods and results: We enrolled 248 patients following elective percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). All patients underwent cardiac catheterisation and PCI during hospitalisation, and they received dual antiplatelet therapy with maintenance doses of 100 mg/day of aspirin and 75 mg/day of clopidogrel after a loading dose of 300 mg of clopidogrel. CYP2C19 genotype was examined, and the subjects were divided into two groups; carriers: intermediate metabolisers (IM; ∗1/∗2, ∗1/∗3) and poor metabolisers (PM; ∗2/∗2, ∗2/∗3, ∗3/∗3) carrying at least one CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) allele, and non-carriers: extensive metabolisers (EM; CYP2C19∗1/∗1) not carrying a CYP2C19 LOF allele. Peripheral endothelial dysfunction was examined using reactive hyperaemia-peripheral arterial tonometry index (RHI), and we divided patients into low and high RHI. Thus, subjects were divided into four groups: carriers with low RHI (n=77), carriers with high RHI (n=89), non-carriers with low RHI (n=45) and non-carriers with high RHI (n=37). The endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, ischaemic stroke, hospitalisation due to unstable angina pectoris and coronary revascularisation, and clinical events were followed up. Clinical characteristics were similar among four groups, and there was no significant difference in RHI between carrier and non-carrier (0.61±0.23 vs. 0.55±0.23; P=0.071). The mean follow-up period was 917 days and the median follow-up period was 857 days. We followed patients up to 1,726 days in this study. A total of 23 patients had a cardiovascular event. Details of the cardiovascular events are as follows: cardiovascular death (n=1), nonfatal myocardial infarction (n=0), stroke (n=3), unstable angina (n=3) and coronary revascularisation (n=16). Kaplan-Meier analysis demonstrated a significantly higher probability of cardiovascular events in carriers with low RHI (log-rank test: P=0.015). Multivariate Cox proportional hazards analysis identified being a carrier with low RHI as an independent and significant predictor of future cardiovascular events (hazard ratio: 3.73; 95% confidence interval: 1.62-8.63; P=0.002). Conclusions: CYP2C19 LOF allele carriers with endothelial dysfunction were significantly correlated with cardiovascular events. The additional evaluation of endothelial function along with CYP2C19 polymorphism might improve risk stratification after coronary stent implantation. ER  - 
Disparity in protection from thrombotic risk depends on platelet thrombin receptor PAR4$$$ Aberrant platelet activation contributes to the mortality associated with coronary heart disease (CHD). Our lab group has recently shown that platelets from black donors were hyper-responsive to activation of the thrombin receptor Protease-Activated Receptor-4 (PAR4) compared to platelets from white donors. The racial difference observed through PAR4 persists in platelets treated ex vivo with dual antiplatelet inhibitors (COX-1 inhibitor Aspirin and P2Y12 receptor inhibitor Clopidogrel), a standard of care for many CHD patients. The racial difference in PAR4 signaling is largely attributable to one PAR4 variant more frequently expressed in blacks than whites, PAR4 T120A. Independent of race, T120 is associated with greater PAR4-mediated platelet reactivity compared to the A120 variant. The role PAR4 variation plays in regulating thrombin-mediated platelet activation in CHD has not been elucidated to date. We hypothesize that patients homozygous for the T120 will have an increase in PAR4-mediated platelet reactivity compared to patients homozygous for A120. To investigate this hypothesis, we studied PAR4 signaling in platelets obtained from healthy donors and patients with CHD on dual antiplatelet therapy. Healthy donors taking either a COX-1 or P2Y12 inhibitor who are homozygous for threonine at amino acid 120, have an increase in platelet reactivity as measured by aggregation, αIIbβ3 activation and granule secretion compared to individuals who are homozygous for alanine at amino acid 120. Interestingly, subjects heterozygous at 120 exhibit platelet reactivity which is in between what is observed for people homozygous for alanine or threonine at this amino acid. This study reinforces the personalized medicine approach to therapeutic intervention and challenges the one size fits all approach which often leaves at risk populations without adequate protection from thrombotic events and stroke. ER  - 
Ticagrelor, but not clopidogrel, protects the heart against reperfusion injury and improves remodeling after myocardial infarction$$$ Background: Clopidogrel (C) and Ticagrelor (T) are P2Y12 ADP receptor antagonists. In addition, ticagrelor inhibits adenosine cell uptake. In PLATO trial T reduced the incidence of the primary composite endpoint myocardial infarction, stroke or cardiovascular death over C in patients with acute coronary syndromes. Previous data show that 7d pretreatment with T limits infarct size (IS) in rats. We compared the effects of C and T, administered just before reperfusion on IS. We also assessed the effect of T and C, administered just before reperfusion and/or 6w oral treatment on cardiac remodeling. Methods: Rats underwent 30min coronary artery ligation. 1) At 25min of ischemia rats received intraperitoneal (IP) vehicle, T (10 or 30mg/kg), or C (12.5mg/kg). Area at risk (AR) was assessed by blue dye and IS by TTC staining 24h after reperfusion. 2) Rats received vehicle without (sham) or with (control) coronary ischemia, T (30mg/kg) IP (TIP), T (300mg/kg/d) oral for 6w, started a day after reperfusion (TPO), TIP+PO (TIPPO), or C (12.5mg/kg IP +62.5mg/kg/d PO for 6w). LV dimensions and function was assessed by echo at 6w. Results: 1) AR was comparable among groups. IS was 45.3±1.7% of the AR in the control group. T10 (31.5±1.8%; p=0.001) and T30 (21.4±2.6% p<0.001) significantly reduced IS, whereas C (42.4±2.6%) had no effect. Platelet aggregation in the controls was 64.7±1.3% and was comparable in T30 (24.9±1.8%) and C (23.2±1.8%) at 2h post reperfusion. T30 increased Akt, eNOS and ER1/2 phosphorylation 4h after reperfusion, whereas C had no effect. 2) Platelet aggregation at 1w oral treatment was 59.7±3.2% in the control group and was comparable in TIPPO (18.1±1.3%) and C (17.4±0.7%). Left ventricular ejection fraction was 77.6±0.9%∗, 44.8±3.5%, 69.5±1.6%∗, 69.2±1.0%∗, 76.3±1.2%∗, and 37.4±3.7% in the sham, vehicle, TIP, TPO, TIPPO and C treated group, respectively (∗p<0.001 vs. vehicle). Left ventricular diameters at diastole and systole showed the same pattern. Conclusions: T, but not C, administered just before reperfusion protects against reperfusion injury. Oral T (in combination or not with acute treatment just before reperfusion) treatment for 6w improves heart function. C, despite achieving similar degree of platelet inhibition had no effect on remodeling. ER  - 
Platelet inhibition by ticagrelor in African American versus caucasian patients after percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ PLATO study showed that in acute coronary syndromes, treatment with Ticagrelor as compared with Clopidogrel significantly reduced the rate of death, myocardial infarction or stroke. In subgroup analysis based on race, no significant difference in primary end point was noted. However, African Americans (AA) comprised only 1.1% of study population. AA have greater mortality from coronary artery disease (CAD) and more likely to have high on-treatment platelet reactivity. Aim of our study is to compare the extent of platelet inhibition achieved by Ticagrelor and Clopidogrel in AA versus Caucasian patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods: 72 patients undergoing PCI during September to November 2014 were included in this study. All received Aspirin 325mg loading dose (LD) followed by 81mg maintenance dose, along with either Ticagrelor 180 mg LD followed by 90 mg twice-daily MD or Clopidogrel 600 mg LD followed by 75 mg once-daily MD. Platelet reactivity (PRU) was measured using the VerifyNow P2Y12 function assay 12-24h following MD and the average values calculated for each group. Results: 40 African American (55%) and 32 Caucasian (45%) patients were included. Ticagrelor was used in 45 (62.5%) and Clopidogrel was used in 27 patients (37.5%). Among Caucasians, 16 (50%) received Ticagrelor and 16 (50%) received Clopidogrel. Among AA, 27 patients (67%) received Ticagrelor, 13 patients (33%) received Clopidogrel. In the total study population, the average PRU achieved was lower for Ticagrelor (44) compared with Clopidogrel (183). Among patients who received Ticagrelor, significantly lower average PRU was seen in AA (33) compared to Caucasians (63). Among patients who received Clopidogrel, similar average PRU was seen in AA (181) and Caucasian (185) groups. After combining Ticagrelor and Clopidogrel groups, lower average PRU was achieved in AA (76) compared to Caucasians (126), the difference primarily attributable to Ticagrelor. Conclusion: Ticagrelor achieved greater platelet inhibition in AAs compared to Caucasians, while Clopidogrel achieved similar platelet inhibition in both racial groups. This potentially greater platelet inhibition by Ticagrelor in high risk AA group merits investigation in large-scale studies. ER  - 
Novel oral P2Y12 inhibitor prasugrel vs. Clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndrome: Evidence based on 6 studies$$$ Background: Whether prasugrel can take the place of clopidogrel for patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is not clear. The aim of this study was to perform a meta-analysis for systematically reviewing the evidence on prasugrel in comparison to clopidogrel in patients with ACS. Material/Methods: Relevant prospective and retrospective studies were searched in databases. Six studies were finally included. Pooled risk ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated to assess all causes of death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, major bleeding, major/minor bleeding, and stent thrombosis (for PCI performed). Results: Compared with clopidogrel, prasugrel had similar risks of all cause of death (Pooled RR: 0.83; 95% CI: 0.64–1.06, p=0.14, I2=55%), MI (Pooled RR: 0.86; 95% CI: 0.71–1.04, p=0.12) and stroke (pooled RR: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.70–1.10, p=0.25). However, prasugrel was associated with significantly higher risk of both major bleeding (Pooled RR: 1.19; 95% CI: 0.99–1.44, p=0.06, I2=0%) and the risk of total major and minor bleeding (Pooled RR: 1.30; 95% CI: 1.15–1.48, p<0.0001, I2=0%). For the patients who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), prasugrel was associated with significantly lower risk of stent thrombosis (Pooled RR: 0.47; 95% CI: 0.34–0.61, p<0.00001, I2=0%). Conclusions: Prasugrel has similar effects as clopidogrel in terms of all causes of death, MI, and stroke in ACS patients. For the patients who underwent PCI, prasugrel contributes to lower risk of stent thrombosis. However, prasugrel is associated with significantly higher risk of bleeding. For the patients with active pathological bleeding or a history of stroke and/or TIA, prasugrel should not be recommended. ER  - 
Current antiplatelet agents: place in therapy and role of genetic testing$$$ Antiplatelet therapies play a central role in reducing the risk of cardiovascular events such as myocardial infarction and stroke. While aspirin, a cyclo-oxygenase-1 inhibitor has been the cornerstone of antithrombotic treatment for several decades, P2Y12 receptor inhibitors cangrelor, clopidogrel, prasugrel, and ticagrelor and protease-activated receptor-1 antagonist vorapaxar, have emerged as additional therapies to reduce the risk of recurrent cardiovascular events in high-risk patients. Recent clinical trials evaluating the role of these agents and major society guideline updates for use of antiplatelet therapies for secondary prevention of cardiovascular events will be examined. The latest studies regarding the appropriate duration of dual antiplatelet therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention will be presented. The current state of genetic and platelet function testing will be reviewed. ER  - 
Stenting of symptomatic intracranial stenosis using balloon mounted coronary stents: A single center experience$$$ Objective: Intracranial atherosclerotic disease is the cause of up to 10% of ischemic strokes and transient ischemic attacks. Intracranial stenting with off-label balloon mounted coronary stents (BMCS) may be a viable alternative for patients with symptomatic intracranial stenosis who fail best medical therapy. Design: Between December 2005 and June 2012, 42 symptomatic intracranial stenoses were treated with a BMCS after failing medical management. Procedural records, clinical outcomes, and imaging follow-up were reviewed. Outcome measurements included technical success rate, morbidity and mortality, long term stent patency, and clinical outcomes, as measured by the modified Rankin Scale. Results: The technical success rate was 98% (41 of 42 lesions). Morbidity within the first 30 days was 7.1% (three of 42 lesions). Overall morbidity, including both periprocedural and long term evaluation, was 9.5% (four of 42 lesions). There were no deaths. Follow-up imaging was available for 30 stents (71%) with an average follow-up time of 35.1 months. Restenosis (>50%) and retreatment were observed in 20% and 10% of cases, respectively. Clinical evaluation by a neurologist ≥30 days postprocedure was available in 40 of 42 cases (95%) with an average of 32.1 months. At presentation, 55% of patients had a modified Rankin Scale (mRS) score of ≤2. At follow-up, 74% of patients were found to have an mRS score of ≤2. Conclusions This study suggests that BMCS may benefit patients with symptomatic intracranial stenosis who experience stroke or transient ischemic attack in spite of best medical therapy. ER  - 
Proton pump inhibitor and clopidogrel interactions in an Asian population$$$ Introduction Clopidogrel, an inhibitor of platelet aggregation, is commonly prescribed to prevent thrombotic events. Clopidogrel increases the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding, so proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) are commonly prescribed to avoid clopidogrel-related gastrointestinal bleeding. As clopidogrel requires bio activation by the cytochrome P450 enzyme, CYP2C19, PPIs may reduce the antithrombotic efficacy of clopidogrel by inhibiting CYP2C19. Several studies in Caucasian populations receiving both omeprazole and clopidogrel showed no significant increases in death and myocardial infarction with this clopidogrel-omeprazole drug-drug interaction. We and others have previously shown that, compared with Caucasian persons, persons of Asian descent have a greater prevalence of CYP2C19 loss of function polymorphisms. Methods Consecutive patients prescribed clopidogrel for any indication from 2009- 2012 at tertiary medical centre were followed up till August 2014 (range of follow-up 31-67 months). The primary outcome was all-cause mortality, and secondary outcomes were acute myocardial infarction and cerebrovascular accidents. Results Of 12440 patients prescribed clopidogrel, 62% (n=7714) were also on PPI, and 38% (n=4726) were not on PPI. Of the patients prescribed clopidogrel without PPI, 62.6% (n=2944) were Chinese, 13.5% (n=635) were Malay, 10.7% (n=623) were Indian, and 13.2% (623) were non-Asian. The percentages of patients prescribed clopidogrel with PPI were 63.8% (n= 4910), 13.9% (n=1067), 12.4% (n=956) and 10% (n=767) respectively. Mortality after prescription occurred in 14.3% (n=1101) of patients prescribed clopidogrel with PPI, as compared to 6.3% (n=300) of patients prescribed clopidogrel without PPI. In multivariate regression analysis using inverse probability weighted estimates, the use of clopidogrel with PPI was associated with an increase in all-cause mortality compared to the use of clopidogrel without PPI (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] 1.52, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.26-1.85). Patients taking clopidogrel with PPI had a higher risk of myocardial infarctions (16% vs 3.8%; AOR, 3.00 [95% CI, 2.48-3.63]), but not of cerebrovascular accidents (5.0% vs 2.0%; AOR, 1.15 [95% CI, 0.87-1.51]). Use of clopidogrel with PPI was associated with a greater risk of mortality and myocardial infarctions among this study population. Conclusion Combination use of clopidogrel and PPI is associated with an increased risk of all cause mortality and myocardial infarction among in a predominantly Asian population. Further research is needed to determine if differential prevalence of CYP2C19 polymorphisms are responsible for these findings. ER  - 
RISCLON-Risk of recurrent stroke in Clopidogrel non-responders$$$ Background: Antiplatelet treatment with Clopidogrel is a cornerstone in secondary stroke prevention. Studies in patients with cardiovascular disease indicate that some individuals (4-34%) have a poor response to Clopidogrel and have a higher risk of new cardiovascular events. This is never studied in ischemic stroke patients. We aim to evaluate if Clopidogrel non-responders have an increased risk of recurrent stroke. Method: 196 patients with first-ever ischemic stroke on Clopidogrel 75 mg/day is tested for their Clopidogrel response (PRU, Platelet Reaction Units) using the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay (Accumetrics, California) 2-4 weeks after treatment initiation. Included patients must have stroke lesions on CTC/MRI, perfusion deficit or clinically high suspicion of stroke. Follow-up every 3 months for 2 years in the outpatient clinic by a stroke physician to determine whether a new stroke has occurred. Both stroke physician and patients are blinded for the PRU result. At end of follow-up the PRU results are revealed and the number of non-responders (PRU > 208) with a recurrent stroke or TIA (Transitoric Ischemic Attack) is compared to those without. Progress: 35% of patients have been enrolled. ER  - 
Prevention of cerebral ischaemia in stent treatment for carotid artery stenosis-design of a randomised trial of optimised antiplatelet therapy with outcome assessment on MRI (PRECISE-MRI)$$$ Background and Aim: Carotid artery stenting (CAS) prevents stroke in patients with carotid artery stenosis but carries a risk of peri-procedural stroke. Ticagrelor is a novel reversible inhibitor of the platelet adenosine diphosphate receptor P2Y12 which was superior to clopidogrel as add-on to aspirin in preventing stent thrombosis, cardiovascular outcome events, and death in patients undergoing coronary artery stenting, without causing an increase in major bleeding events. The primary aim is to test the hypothesis that ticagrelor is superior to clopidogrel as add-on to aspirin in preventing peri-procedural ischaemic brain lesions occurring during CAS without increasing the risk for intracerebral haemorrhage. Study Design: Randomised placebo controlled double-bind trial. 370 patients with symptomatic or asymptomatic carotid stenosis undergoing CAS according to local and national guidelines will be randomly assigned to ticagrelor (180 mg loading dose prior to the procedure followed by 90 mg twice daily) or clopidogrel (300 mg loading dose followed by 75 mg once daily). All patients will receive 100 mg aspirin per day throughout the study period. Dual antiplatelet therapy (study drug plus aspirin) will be continued for 28 days after stent placement. Brain MRI including diffusion-weighted and susceptibility-weighted imaging will be performed 1-3 days before CAS; 1-3 days after CAS; and 28-32 days after CAS. The primary composite imaging study endpoint is the presence of at least one new ischaemic or haemorrhagic brain lesion on the MRI scan done 1-3 days or 28-32 days after CAS, which had not been present on the MRI before the procedure. (Table Presented). ER  - 
The impact of genetic polymorphisms of drug metabolizing enzymes on the pharmacodynamics of clopidogrel under steady state conditions$$$ Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet drug that requires biotransformation steps to its active metabolite via cytochromes P450 (CYP), particularly CYP2C19 and CYP3A5 as well as paraoxonase-1 (PON1). The impact of CYP3A5 and PON1 genetic polymorphisms on the response of this drug is unclear. This study aimed to elucidate the degree of genetic polymorphisms of key drug metabolizing enzymes on the antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel. Thirty-five healthy subjects were treated with 75 mg/day clopidogrel for 7 days and serial blood samples were collected for measurement of antiplatelet effect using whole blood impedance aggregometry and VerifyNow® P2Y12 methods. The areas under the antiplatelet effect-time curves, maximal and minimal antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel obtained from both methods were significantly different among subjects with different CYP2C19 genotypes. In contrast, these pharmacodymamic parameters measured by both methods of subjects with different PON1 or CYP3A5 genotypes were not significantly different. Among the heterozygous CYP2C19∗2 subjects, all pharmacodynamic parameters measured by whole blood impedance aggregometry were significantly different between subjects with different CYP3A5∗3 genotypes. Our data suggests that CYP2C19 genetic polymorphism play a major role in the clopidogrel response, however, the impact of CYP3A5 genetic polymorphism, may be pronounced in the subjects who carried the loss-functional allele of CYP2C19. ER  - 
Pharmacogenetics in antiplatelet treatment with clopidogrel in vascular pathology$$$ Background Clopidogrel is metabolised by CYP2C19 to the active metabolite responsible for the inhibition of platelet aggregation. The P-glycoprotein encoded by the ABCB1 gene is key in drug absorption. The effects differ according to genotype ABCB1 and CYP2C19. Intermediate and poor metabolizers and poor transporters (carriers of “loss of function” alleles: LOF) are responsible for the poor response to the antiplatelet drug. This evidence has not yet been demonstrated in patients with peripheral vascular disease of the lower limbs undergoing percutaneous transluminal angioplasty. Purpose To determine the occurrence of cardiovascular events (myocardial infarction, stroke, reoperation, PTA thrombosis, stent thrombosis, amputation and bypass) in patients undergoing PTA (+ - stent) for one year to monitor and study the association with the presence of genetic polymorphisms CYP2C19 and ABCB1. To determine the association between genetic polymorphisms and the Fontaine score (classification of ischemia). Material and methods 45 lower limb disease patients with atherosclerosis of the arteries following PTA treated with clopidogrel were recruited. We evaluated the combined effect of ABCB1 3435 C > T genotype, CYP2C19∗2 and CYP2C19∗3 genotype and rates of the primary efficacy endpoint including ACS, stroke, reoperation for lower limb thrombosis post-PTA, stent thrombosis, bypass reconversion and amputation during 6 and/or 12 months after the prescription of clopidogrel, and other clinical parameters used to evaluate the clinical condition of the patients: intermittent claudication, toe-brachial pressure index (TBPI), arterial PVR test, Fontaine/Rutherford score measured at 6 and/or 12 months after the start of clopidogrel. Results Subjects carrying at least one CYP2C19 reduced function allele and/or ABCB1 TT had a significantly higher risk of the primary endpoint (OR = 6.0, 95% CI 1.53-23.53, p = 0.010) than non-carriers patients. LOF patients were associated with a worse Fontaine/Rutherford score evolution than non-LOF patients (p < 0.0001, OR = 21.35 (3.85-118.35). Conclusion CYP2C19 and ABCB1 polymorphisms could be used as genetic markers of cardiovascular events in vascular pathology. ER  - 
CYP2C19 genotype and early ischemic lesion recurrence in stroke patients treated with clopidogrel$$$ Background Early recurrent ischemic lesions detected on diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) have been proposed as a surrogate marker for clinical recurrence. We hypothesized that cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) genotype influences the incidence of early recurrence on DWI in acute stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. Methods We enrolled 76 Korean patients with acute ischemic stroke due to large artery atherosclerosis who were treated with clopidogrel. Early ischemic lesion recurrence was defined as new lesions separate from the index lesion. We compared the rates of early ischemic lesion recurrence on DWI based on the CYP2C19 genotypes. Results Early recurrence on DWI was observed in 36 patients (47.4%). A total of 76 patients were classified into 3 phenotypic groups: extensive metabolizers (EMs; n = 27, 35.5%), intermediate metabolizers (IMs; n = 36, 47.4%), and poor metabolizers (PMs; n = 13, 17.1%). Early recurrence on DWI was more common in PMs (84.6%), followed by IMs (50.0%), and EMs (25.9%; P <.001). PMs had a significantly higher recurrence rate than EMs (P <.001). In multivariate analysis, CYP2C19 genotypes were independently associated with early DWI recurrence (for PMs: odds ratio, 19.3; 95% confidence interval, 3.15-117.56). Conclusions CYP2C19 genotypes are significantly associated with early lesion recurrence in Korean acute stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. ER  - 
State-of-the-Art: Hypo-responsiveness to Oral Antiplatelet Therapy in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus$$$ Diabetes mellitus is a global pandemic, associated with a high burden of cardiovascular disease. There are multiple platelet derangements in patients with diabetes, and antiplatelet drugs remain the first-line agents for secondary prevention as well as for high-risk primary prevention among patients with diabetes. This review provides a summary of oral antiplatelet drug hypo-responsiveness in patients with diabetes, specifically aspirin and clopidogrel resistance. Topics discussed include antiplatelet testing, definitions used to define hypo-response and resistance, its prevalence, association with clinical outcomes, and strategies to mitigate resistance. The role of prasugrel and ticagrelor, as well as investigational agents, is also discussed. ER  - 
ABCB1 hypomethylation is associated with decreased antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel in Chinese ischemic stroke patients$$$ Current predictive models including the CYP2C19 polymorphism and clinical factors still explain only about 12% of variability of clopidogrel responsiveness. Up until recently, the precise mechanism of clopidogrel resistance remains unclear. P-glycoprotein (P-gp) encoded by ABCB1, a transmembrane calcium-dependent efflux pump for clopidogrel, implicated a role in clopidogrel resistance. In this present study, we investigated the methylation status of ABCB1 gene promoter in relation to ABCB1 mRNA expressions and the antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel. This study was a prospective cohort analysis of eligible stroke patients (n = 183, aged 18∼75 years) who received clopidogrel (75 mg/day) for at least 5 days before discharge. A final subcohort of 87 patients with CYP2C19∗1/∗1 genotype were enrolled in the study population. Patients were grouped in quartiles of maximum platelet aggregation (MPA values (Q1, Q2, Q3 and Q4, MPA<inf>Q1</inf> < 14.1%, MPA<inf>Q4</inf> > 35.4%). The methylation status of the ABCB1 promoter was 1.8 times in the Q1 MPA group (10.1 ± 2.4%) than in the Q4 MPA group (5.5 ± 2.1%) (P < 0.001). ABCB1 methylation correlated inversely with MPA (R= - 0.764, P < 0.001) and mRNA expression (R = - 0.839, P < 0.001). Results of a multivariate linear regression model demonstrated that ABCB1 methylation was independently associated with MPA (β<inf>coefficient</inf> = - 4.71, P < 0.001). ABCB1 expression was 0.62 times in the Q1 MPA group (5.3 ± 1.4‰) than in the Q4 MPA (8.5 ± 2.5‰), and the expression of ABCB1 correlated positively with ADP-induced MPA (R= 0.791, P < 0.001). ABCB1 promoter methylation status in whole blood appears to be inversely associated with ABCB1 mRNA expressions and MPA. In conclusions, hypomethylation of ABCB1 promoter is associated with a decreased response to clopidogrel in ischemic stroke patients via increased ABCB1 mRNA expression. ER  - 
General anesthetic use and clopidogrel resistance during neurovascular stenting procedures$$$ Purpose: To determine the effect of general anesthesia on clopidogrel resistance among patients undergoing intracranial stenting procedures Background: Clopidogrel resistance is associated with increased periprocedural thromboembolic complications in neurovascular stenting procedures. Clopidogrel is metabolized by cytochrome P450 system to an active drug that irreversibly binds to the platelet ADP receptor P2Y12 and inhibits downstream platelet aggregation. General anesthetics are commonly used in intracranial stenting procedures and are known to inhibit cytochrome P450 monooxygenases. Therefore we hypothesized that the use of common general anesthetics would be associated with increased clopidogrel resistance. Methods: We conducted a retrospective chart review of 41 patients who underwent intracranial stenting and coiling procedures under general anesthesia from 2010-2013. We analyzed the 35/41 who had platelet assays performed within twenty-four hours both before and after the procedure (VerifyNow, Accumetrics, Inc., San Diego, CA, USA). P2Y12 reaction unit (PRU) was used to measure platelet resistance, with values ≤178 indicating increased bleeding risk, 179-238 therapeutic, and ≥239 thrombogenic. Pre-procedural and post-procedural mean PRU values were compared using t tests to determine the effect of general anesthesia on clopidogrel resistance. Results: We found significantly increased post-procedure PRUs compared to pre-procedure PRUs. Mean PRU twenty-four hours before procedure was 214±34 (95% CI 180-248) compared with 260±25.24 (95% CI 235-285) twenty-four hours after the procedure (p<0.05). Out of 35 patients, 27 (77%) had increased PRUs post- procedure compared to pre-procedure. Conclusion: Clopidogrel resistance is increased following endovascular stenting procedures. We propose that this occurs through competitive interaction with CYP isoforms by general anesthetics. We are not aware of any prior studies demonstrating an association between general anesthetics and clopidogrel resistance. Further prospective studies are needed to further define this observation. ER  - 
Protocol for the use of antiplatelet treatment in acute coronary syndrome$$$ Background and objective: The aim of this study is to describe the development of a protocol performed by the Provincial Commission for the Rational Use of Drugs to optimize the use of antiplatelet agents in Acute coronary syndrome (ACS) in order to achieve greater efficiency and security as well as control the expense of the pharmacological treatment of these pathologies. Setting and method: A working group composed of health care professionals (Cardiology, Intensive Care, Pharmacy). Based on literature and recommendations of clinical practice guidelines of the European Society of Cardiology, the American College of Cardiology and the American Heart Association, was described an algorithm for the treatment of ACS. Likewise joined the algorithm using a line of research related to pharmacogenetics, which focuses on evaluating the usefulness of genotyping for a polymorphism in the cytochrome P219 in the choice of antiplatelet therapy patient with ACS undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with stent implantation. Results: STEMI: clopidogrel will be administered in patients without reperfusion therapy (fibrinolysis or primary PCI). Those for whom primary percutaneous coronary intervention planned: - At the time of diagnosis (before PCI): Prasugrel or ticagrelor, the latter in cases with a history of transient ischemic attack (TIA) or creatinine clearance (CrCl)<60 ml/min. In case of high risk of bleeding (CRUSADE criteria) clopidogrel. - After more ICP stenting conducting pharmacogenetic test is proposed: Clopidogrel: sensitive. Prasugrel: resistant to clopidogrel. Ticagrelor: resistant to clopidogrel and prior stroke or TIA. NSTEMI: clopidogrel will be administered on low ischemic risk. In patients with moderate-high ischemic risk (scale TIMI),>75 years and<60 kg, or a history of TIA or CrCl<60 ml/min, it is likely that ICP is raised: then proceed as in patients with STEMI. Conclusions: The formalization of the treatment of ACS has allowed to include a new drug, ticagrelor, pharmacotherapeutic guide, optimize antiplatelet therapy to strengthen its safety and efficacy, while controlling spending this group of drugs poses to the hospital. ER  - 
Dual antiplatelet therapy for coronary artery disease$$$ Platelets initiate the formation of a thrombus at the site of an arterial injury, and the clotting cascade is activated as the thrombus matures. After coronary stent placement, dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin and ticlopidine dramatically reduces the risk of stent thrombosis, compared with anticoagulation therapy, and has become the standard of care for prevention of stent thrombosis. Clopidogrel is a second-generation thienopyridine that eliminates the serious side effects of ticlopidine, and new P2Y12 receptor blockers have emerged to overcome the limitations of clopidogrel. Current guidelines recommend DAPT with aspirin and clopidogrel for 1 month after implantation of bare-metal stents, and for 6–12 months after implantation of drug-eluting stents (DES). In patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS), DAPT administration for 12 months was shown to be superior to aspirin alone for the prevention of recurrent events. Treatment with aspirin and new P2Y12 receptor blockers has further reduced the rate of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction or stroke after ACS compared with aspirin and clopidogrel. Nonetheless, long-term DAPT increases the risk of major bleeding, requiring a delicate balance between anti-ischemic benefit and bleeding risk. In summary, DAPT should be maintained for at least 6–12 months after implantation of DES, and for at least 12 months after ACS, unless contraindicated. ER  - 
Influence of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes in ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel$$$ CYP2C19 genetic polymorphisms influence clopidogrel response and clinical outcomes of cardiovascular disease. However, data on their relationship in stroke patients are scarce. We aimed to investigate the influence of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes in ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. A total of 211 patients were enrolled. All patients were given clopidogrel treatment and underwent CYP2C19 genotyping and platelet function testing by flow cytometry including adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet aggregation (ADP-PAg) and platelet activation markers (PAC-1, CD62P and CD63). The modified Rankin Scale (mRS) was used and ischemic events were evaluated. A total of 129 (61.1%) of the 211 enrolled patients were carriers of CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles (2, 3). After clopidogrel therapy for 7 days, the levels of ADP-PAg, PAC-1, CD62P and CD63 were higher in carriers than noncarriers. CYP2C19 carriage was associated with more frequent high residual platelet reactivity. CYP2C19 polymorphisms alone could explain 12.9%, 4.3%, 8.9% and 5.5% of the inter-individual variability of ADP-PAg, PAC-1, CD62P and CD63 after clopidogrel treatment, respectively. At 6-month follow-up, 38 (19%) patients were scored poor prognosis and 15 (7.6%) ischemic events were observed. Carriers had poorer prognosis than noncarriers (P=0.025). No significant association of CYP2C19 carriage with ischemic events was found. Multiple regression analysis showed that CYP2C19 carriage was an independent predictor of poor prognosis (odds ratio, 3.01; 95% confidence interval, 1.23-7.38; P=0.016). In conclusion, carriage of the CYP2C19 LOF allele has significant influence on clopidogrel response and prognosis in patients with ischemic stroke. ER  - 
Influence of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes in ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel$$$ CYP2C19 genetic polymorphisms influence clopidogrel response and clinical outcomes of cardiovascular disease. However, data on their relationship in stroke patients are scarce. We aimed to investigate the influence of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes in ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. A total of 211 patients were enrolled. All patients were given clopidogrel treatment and underwent CYP2C19 genotyping and platelet function testing by flow cytometry including adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet aggregation (ADP-PAg) and platelet activation markers (PAC-1, CD62P and CD63). The modified Rankin Scale (mRS) was used and ischemic events were evaluated. A total of 129 (61.1%) of the 211 enrolled patients were carriers of CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles (∗2, ∗3). After clopidogrel therapy for 7 days, the levels of ADP-PAg, PAC-1, CD62P and CD63 were higher in carriers than noncarriers. CYP2C19 carriage was associated with more frequent high residual platelet reactivity. CYP2C19 polymorphisms alone could explain 12.9%, 4.3%, 8.9% and 5.5% of the inter-individual variability of ADP-PAg, PAC-1, CD62P and CD63 after clopidogrel treatment, respectively. At 6-month follow-up, 38 (19%) patients were scored poor prognosis and 15 (7.6%) ischemic events were observed. Carriers had poorer prognosis than noncarriers (P=0.025). No significant association of CYP2C19 carriage with ischemic events was found. Multiple regression analysis showed that CYP2C19 carriage was an independent predictor of poor prognosis (odds ratio, 3.01; 95% confidence interval, 1.23-7.38; P=0.016). In conclusion, carriage of the CYP2C19 LOF allele has significant influence on clopidogrel response and prognosis in patients with ischemic stroke. ER  - 
Influence of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes in ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel$$$ CYP2C19 genetic polymorphisms influence clopidogrel response and clinical outcomes of cardiovascular disease. However, data on their relationship in stroke patients are scarce. We aimed to investigate the influence of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes in ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. A total of 211 patients were enrolled. All patients were given clopidogrel treatment and underwent CYP2C19 genotyping and platelet function testing by flow cytometry including adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet aggregation (ADP-PAg) and platelet activation markers (PAC-1, CD62P and CD63). The modified Rankin Scale (mRS) was used and ischemic events were evaluated. A total of 129 (61.1%) of the 211 enrolled patients were carriers of CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles (*2, *3). After clopidogrel therapy for 7 days, the levels of ADP-PAg, PAC-1, CD62P and CD63 were higher in carriers than noncarriers. CYP2C19 carriage was associated with more frequent high residual platelet reactivity. CYP2C19 polymorphisms alone could explain 12.9%, 4.3%, 8.9% and 5.5% of the inter-individual variability of ADP-PAg, PAC-1, CD62P and CD63 after clopidogrel treatment, respectively. At 6-month follow-up, 38 (19%) patients were scored poor prognosis and 15 (7.6%) ischemic events were observed. Carriers had poorer prognosis than noncarriers (P=0.025). No significant association of CYP2C19 carriage with ischemic events was found. Multiple regression analysis showed that CYP2C19 carriage was an independent predictor of poor prognosis (odds ratio, 3.01; 95% confidence interval, 1.23-7.38; P=0.016). In conclusion, carriage of the CYP2C19 LOF allele has significant influence on clopidogrel response and prognosis in patients with ischemic stroke. ER  - 
Epidemiology, risk factors and management of cardiovascular diseases in IBD$$$ IBD is an established risk factor for venous thromboembolism. In the past few years, studies have suggested that patients with IBD might also be at an increased risk of coronary heart disease and stroke. The increased risk is thought to be similar to the level of risk seen in patients with other chronic systemic inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. The risk of developing these conditions is particularly increased in young adults with IBD, and more so in women than in men. Conventional cardiovascular risk factors are not over-represented in patients with IBD, so the increased risk could be attributable to inflammation-mediated atherosclerosis. Patients with IBD often have premature atherosclerosis and have biochemical and genetic markers similar to those seen in patients with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. The role of chronic inflammation in IBD-associated cardiovascular disease merits further evaluation. Particular attention should be given to the increased risk observed during periods of increased disease activity and potential modification of the risk by immunosuppressive and biologic therapies for IBD that can modify the disease activity. In addition, preclinical studies suggest that cardiovascular medications such as statins and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors might also favourably modify IBD disease activity, which warrants further evaluation. ER  - 
Risk factors for clopidogrel resistance in patients with ischemic cerebral infarction and the correlation with abcb1 gene rs1045642 polymorphism$$$ The aim of the present study was to examine clopidogrel resistance (CR) in patients with ischemic cerebral infarction and its potential association with a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP; rs1045642) in the ABCB1 gene. Patients with ischemic cerebral infarction received clopidogrel (75 mg/day) for 7 days and were then subjected to a turbidimetric assay to determine platelet aggregation. Patients were then divided into a CR group and a clopidogrel-sensitive (CS) group. Demographic and clinical data between the two groups were compared. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to determine independent risk factors of CR. PCR products were sequenced to assess ABCB1 rs1045642 SNP genotype and allele frequencies in each group. In total, 303 patients were enrolled in the study; this included 51 CR cases (16.83%) and 252 CS cases (83.17%). Several parameters, including hypertension, diabetes, calcium channel blocker (CCB), β-receptor blocking agent and proton pump inhibitor use, and creatinine, fasting blood glucose, homocysteine (HCY), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and triglyceride levels were significantly higher in the CR group than in the CS group. Diabetes, hs-CRP-increased use of CCBs, and use of β-blockers were found to be independent risk factors for CR. However, ABCB1 gene rs1045642 polymorphism was not found to be an independent risk factor for CR. In conclusion, CR in ischemic stroke patients is associated with several independent risk factors, including diabetes, hs-CRP-increased use of CCBs, and use of β-blockers. However, ABCB1 gene rs1045642 polymorphism has no correlation with CR. ER  - 
New approaches to inhibiting platelets and coagulation$$$ Ischemic heart disease and stroke are major causes of death and morbidity worldwide. Coronary and cerebrovascular events are a consequence of thrombus formation caused by atherosclerotic plaque rupture or embolism, both of which result from platelet activation and aggregation and thrombin-mediated fibrin generation via the coagulation cascade. Current and emerging antiplatelet and anticoagulant agents are evolving rapidly. The use of aspirin for primary prevention continues to be controversial, as are the doses appropriate for secondary prevention. Development of new oral and intravenous adenosine diphosphate P2Y12 inhibitors and novel antiplatelet agents continues to transform the landscape of antiplatelet therapy. Oral anticoagulation has advanced with the use of direct thrombin and factor Xa inhibitors that do not require therapeutic monitoring. In this review, we discuss the pharmacology and growing clinical evidence for traditional and new antiplatelet and anticoagulant therapies. ER  - 
Effects of paraoxonase 1 polymorphisms on risk of recurrence in Chinese ischemic stroke survivors receiving clopidogrel$$$ Objective: To investigate the impact of paraoxonase 1 (PON1) Q192R as well as L55M genotypes on the risk of recurrent ischemic events in a cohort of Chinese patients treated with clopidogrel. Methods: Consecutive patients with ischemic stroke registered in Nanjing Stroke Registry Program between May 2008 and April 2010 were enrolled in this study. Single-nucleotide polymorphisms genotyped included PON1Q192R, PON1L55M. Genotypes were determined by improved multiple ligase detection reaction. All patients were genotyped and clinical outcomes were determined with three monthly follow-up. The primary endpoint was a composite of vascular death, and nonfatal ischemic stroke and myocardial infarction and secondary endpoint was bleeding events. Cumulative risk of primary endpoint according to genotypes was presented with Kaplan-Meier survival curve. Differences between genotypes in respect to clinical events were assessed by univariate and multivariable Cox proportional-hazards model. Results: Of the enrolled 625 patients, during the mean follow-up of (12.7 ± 5.1) months, vascular death was observed in 13 (2.1%), non-fatal ischemic stroke in 65 (10.4%), and non-fatal myocardial infarction in 7 (1.1%) patients. The overall primary endpoint was observed in 85 (13.6%) patients. Bleeding events were found in 13 (1.2%) patients. Frequencies of PON1Q192 and PON155M alleles were 38.1% (238/625) and 2.8% (17.5/325), respectively. Primary endpoint was observed in 62 (15.7%) of 394 patients with QQ/QR, in 23 (10.0%) of 231 patients with RR during follow-up. PON1Q192 alleles were associated with increased risk of adverse clinical events (HR = 1.68, 95% CI 1.04 -2.71, P =0.030). Adjusting for age, sex, and major cardiovascular risk factors, PON1Q192 alleles carriage was independently associated with stroke recurrence (HR = 2.39, 95% CI 1.33 - 4.29, P = 0.004). No relationship between PON1L55M genetic polymorphisms and clinical outcomes was detected. Conclusions: PON1Q192R polymorphisms may be determinants of clinical efficacy of clopidogrel in ischemic stroke patients in China. A worse clinical outcome occurred in patients carrying PON1Q192 who were treated with clopidogrel after ischemic stroke. ER  - 
Recurrent stroke while on antiplatelet therapy$$$ Of the ≈795,000 strokes in the United States annually, 185,000 are recurrent. A third to half of them occur while on antiplatelet therapy. Multiple reasons could explain breakthrough stroke while on antiplatelet therapy. Management of recurrent stroke requires a meticulous search for the cause and mechanism of stroke. At present, there is no indication for antiplatelet resistance testing in ischemic stroke, or adjusting medications based on its results. Recent trials have shown the effectiveness of dual antiplatelet therapy in the acute period after an ischemic event, but no benefit has been found with this regimen for long-term secondary prevention. ER  - 
Prasugrel hydrochloride for the treatment of acute coronary syndromes$$$ Introduction: P2Y12 receptor antagonists, by inhibiting platelet activation and subsequent aggregation, are critical to prevent ischemic event recurrence after an acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Prasugrel is a third-generation thienopyridine whose metabolites target the P2Y12 receptor. Compared with clopidogrel, prasugrel has a more potent, faster in onset, and more consistent P2Y12 receptor inhibition.Areas covered: This review describes prasugrel chemistry, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and clinical studies. In a Phase III randomized clopidogrel-controlled trial, prasugrel improved cardiovascular outcome (risk reduction of cardiovascular death, non-fatal heart attack and non-fatal stroke) at the cost of increased major and fatal bleeding complications. Prasugrel, in combination with aspirin, has been approved by European and American regulatory agencies for the prevention of atherothrombotic events in patients with ACS who undergo percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI).Expert opinion: Prasugrel is effective for managing ACS patients with planned PCI and it offers an alternative with potential benefits over clopidogrel. Prasugrel is currently challenged by ticagrelor, a P2Y12 receptor antagonist with different pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic properties. The superiority of one drug to the other cannot be reliably estimated from the current trials. Ongoing randomized and observational studies may help to provide valuable information on the safety and efficacy of these two drugs and their respective places with ACS patients. ER  - 
Shorter (≤ 6 months) versus longer (≥12 months) duration dual antiplatelet therapy after drug eluting stents: A meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials$$$ Objective: Optimal duration of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT), defined as use of both aspirin and a P2Y12 receptor inhibitor, after implantation of drug eluting stents (DES) is still subject of ongoing debate. We systematically review efficacy and safety of ≤6 months versus ≥12 months DAPT after implantation of DES. Methods: PubMed, Scopus, Cochrane, and clinicaltrials.gov databases were searched for studies published until 30th November 2013. The studies were limited to randomized clinical trials. Independent observers abstracted the data on outcomes, characteristics, and qualities of studies included. Random effect model was employed for meta-analysis. Heterogeneity of studies included was analyzed using I2 statistics. Results: In four randomized clinical trials published involving 8,163 patients with DES, 4,081 patients were randomized to shorter and 4,082 patients to longer duration DAPT. The P2Y12 receptor inhibitor used in all four studies was clopidogrel. Longer duration of DAPT did not reduce risk of all cause mortality (pooled OR 0.89, 95% CI 0.67-1.17, P = 0.4, I2 = 0%), myocardial infarction (pooled OR 1.16, 95% CI 0.85-1.57, P = 0.35, I2 = 0%) cardiac death (pooled OR 0.88, 95% CI 0.61-1.25, P = 0.47, I2 = 0%), stent thrombosis (pooled OR 1.29, 95% CI 0.76-2.21, P = 0.35, I2 = 0%) or cerebrovascular accidents (pooled OR 0.73, 95% CI 0.41-1.27, P = 0.26, I2 = 0%). Longer duration of DAPT was associated with increased risk of TIMI major bleeding (pooled OR 0.51, 95% CI 0.29-0.89, P = 0.02, I2 = 0%). Conclusion: There was no difference in efficacy outcomes between ≤6 months of DAPT and ≥12 months of DAPT in patients with coronary artery disease and DES implantation. Moreover, longer duration of DAPT is associated with increased risk of bleeding complications. ER  - 
Two new cardiovascular medicinal products: Cangrelor and vorapoaxar$$$ The Committee for Human Medicinal Products (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has recommended granting marketing authorisation for two new cardiovascular medicinal products, cangrelor and vorapoaxar. The posit ive opinion of the committee on the intravenous inhibitor of platelet aggregation cangrelor was based on the Champion Phoenix study in over 11 000 pat ients who underwent elective or emergency PCI. The study established a modest superiority of the new drug followed by oral clopidogrel over placebo followed by oral clopidogrel in a composite endpoint including death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis and revascularisation for ischaemia in 48 hours. The efficacy of the new drug in comparison with ticagrelor and prasugrel has not been established. The indication is limited to adult patients with coronary artery disease undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), who have not received an oral P2Y12 inhibitor prior to the PCI procedure and in whom oral therapy with P2Y12 inhibitors is not feasible or desirable. The recommendation to grant marketing authorisation to vorapaxar, an antagonist of PAR-1, is based on a subgroup analysis of patients from TRA 2P-TIMI 50, a study which randomized 26 449 patients who had a history of myocardial infarction, ischaemic stroke, or peripheral arterial disease to receive vorapaxar or placebo. The study was discontinued in patients with a history of stroke due to increase in intracranial haemorrhage and the company did not pursue the indication in peripheral arterial disease at this stage. Based on the favourable results in reducing the rate of a composite endpoint of cardiovascular death, MI, stroke, and urgent coronary revascularization, vorapaxar was recommended to be authorised as co-administered with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) and, where appropriate, clopidogrel, for reduction of atherothrombotic events in adult patients with a history of myocardial infarction. Its place in the already complex treatment regimens of secondary prevention patients remains to be established. ER  - 
Genetic signatures in the treatment of stroke$$$ Stroke is the fourth leading cause of mortality and neurological disability. It is caused by an intricate interplay of environmental and genetic factors. Genes not only influence susceptibility to stroke but have also been found to alter the response to pharmacological agents and may also influence the clinical outcome of the disease. Current treatment strategies for stroke include tissue plasminogen activator, antiplatelet agents and lipid lowering drugs. These act via diverse mechanisms of actions and are centered around the management of modifiable risk factors to prevent the recurrent stroke events. However, a significant number of patients experience poor clinical outcome due to recurrent stroke events and drug induced adverse reactions. Therefore, accurate risk management and targeted prevention strategies remain yet to be explored at the level of individual patients with stroke. Pharmacogenetic based research studies have identified the relation between genetic factors and inter-individual variability towards drug treatment. Several single nucleotide polymorphisms in genes encoding for metabolizers, transporters and target receptors have been reported to influence the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of drugs used in the treatment of stroke. Many candidate gene studies have investigated the role of genetic variants in association with altered drug response in stroke treatment. However, these results are limited to clinical trials and should be replicated in Genome Wide Association (GWAS) Studies. In addition to this long term follow up prospective studies would be helpful in predicting drug induced risk/benefit ratio. Pharmacogenetic studies will reveal the correlation between variation in drug responses on the basis of the individual’s genomic profile better known as Personalized or Individualized Medicines. This will also optimize risk assessment and will stratify the population requiring careful attention before prescribing a particular medicine to achieve maximum therapeutic benefit. Moreover, this will help in designing the novel therapeutic agents with a targeted approach. In this concern, the Genomics and Randomized Trials Network (GARNET) has been created, which is a Pharmacogenomics Consortium aimed to identify genetic variants affecting an individual's response to treatment with the help of advanced technology. This review will address the major issues of therapeutic failures concerned with existing drugs used in the treatment of stroke and the need for exploring new and targeted therapeutic strategies based on pharmacogenetics. ER  - 
Vorapaxar in Atherosclerotic Disease Management$$$ Objective: To review the pharmacology, efficacy, and safety of vorapaxar, a protease activator receptor-1 (PAR-1) antagonist, in the management of atherosclerotic diseases. Data Sources: Peer-reviewed clinical trials and review articles were identified from MEDLINE and Current Content database (both 1966 to December 31, 2014) using the search terms vorapaxar and protease activator receptor antagonist. Study Selection and Data Extraction: A total of 30 clinical studies were identified (16 clinical trials, including subanalyses, 14 related to pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics and drug interactions). Data Synthesis: Two phase III clinical trials with vorapaxar have been published. In patients with non–ST segment elevation myocardial infarction (MI), vorapaxar failed to significantly reduce the primary efficacy end point (composite of cardiovascular death, MI, stroke, recurrent ischemia with hospitalization, and urgent coronary revascularization). Conversely, in a study of secondary prevention for patients with cardiovascular disease, the composite end point of cardiovascular death, MI, or stroke was significantly reduced. In both trials, the safety end points of major/minor bleeding were increased compared with placebo. In the secondary prevention trial, an increased incidence of intracranial hemorrhage led to the exclusion of patients with a prior history of stroke. Conclusion: Vorapaxar is approved for use with aspirin and/or clopidogrel in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular events in stable patients with peripheral arterial disease or a history of MI. However, the addition of vorapaxar to other antiplatelets can significantly increase the risk of bleeding. It is, therefore, essential to balance the need for further reduction of risk of thrombotic event with patient’s individual bleeding risk. ER  - 
Genotype-based clinical trials in cardiovascular disease$$$ Consensus practice guidelines and the implementation of clinical therapeutic advances are usually based on the results of large, randomized clinical trials (RCTs). However, RCTs generally inform us on an average treatment effect for a presumably homogeneous population, but therapeutic interventions rarely benefit the entire population targeted. Indeed, multiple RCTs have demonstrated that interindividual variability exists both in drug response and in the development of adverse effects. The field of pharmacogenomics promises to deliver the right drug to the right patient. Substantial progress has been made in this field, with advances in technology, statistical and computational methods, and the use of cell and animal model systems. However, clinical implementation of pharmacogenetic principles has been difficult because RCTs demonstrating benefit are lacking. For patients, the potential benefits of performing such trials include the individualization of therapy to maximize efficacy and minimize adverse effects. These trials would also enable investigators to reduce sample size and hence contain costs for trial sponsors. Multiple ethical, legal, and practical issues need to be considered for the conduct of genotype-based RCTs. Whether pre-emptive genotyping embedded in electronic health records will preclude the need for performing genotype-based RCTs remains to be seen. ER  - 
P2Y<inf>12</inf> receptor inhibitors for secondary prevention of ischemic stroke$$$ Introduction: Ischemic stroke (IS) is a major cause of death and disability worldwide. The P2Y<inf>12</inf> receptor plays a critical role in the formation of a stable thrombus leading to ischemic complications. Therefore, P2Y<inf>12</inf> receptor inhibitors constitute a major antiplatelet strategy in the secondary prevention of IS.Areas covered: We searched articles about P2Y<inf>12</inf> receptor inhibitors and stroke in PubMed published until December 2014. This is a comprehensive review of the role of P2Y<inf>12</inf> receptor inhibitors alone and in combination with aspirin in the secondary prevention of noncardioembolic stroke.Expert opinion: The potential benefit of more potent antiplatelet therapy for secondary stroke prevention must be weighed against the risk of bleeding in patients with IS. Short-term (≤ 3 months) dual antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel and aspirin that is initiated early after IS or transient ischemic attack due to large artery atherosclerosis appears most efficient. ER  - 
Omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters do not improve clopidogrel associated P2Y12 inhibition in stroke patients$$$ The specific action of omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters (OFA) in preventing cerebrovascular disease remains unknown, but research has demonstrated multiple possible mechanisms. In addition to altering lipid profiles, OFA may inhibit platelet aggregation. Clopidogrel inhibits platelets via the P2Y12 receptor. OFA may alter clopidogrel-associated platelet-inhibition via a possible combined effect on P2Y12 inhibition. To determine if OFA affects clopidogrel associated P2Y12 platelet receptor inhibition by comparing the percentage of responders in patients with cerebrovascular disease who were taking clopidogrel with or without OFA. We retrospectively reviewed data from adult patients with cerebrovascular disease or cerebral aneurysms and taking clopidogrel, who were seen at a single hospital between March 2010 to September 2011. We included 438 subjects in the study. For the 67 subjects who received loading doses of both clopidogrel and OFA, 71.6% had a P2Y12 inhibition response more than 20%, which is considered a positive response. For the 55 subjects who received just clopidogrel load, 67.2% of subjects were responders. There were 70.4% responders in the 274 subjects who were taking 75 mg of clopidogrel alone at home, and 73.8% responders in the 42 subjects who were taking both clopidogrel and OFA at home. However, these percentage differences were not statistically significant. This study did not find additional P2Y12 platelet inhibition when patients were given OFA, either given as a loading dose or taking it daily. ER  - 
Use of genetic data to guide therapy in arterial disease$$$ There is considerable interindividual variation in the response to antiplatelet and anticoagulant therapies. It has been proposed that this variability in drug response may be attributable to genetic variants. Thus, pharmacogenetics may help to accurately predict response to cardiovascular disease (CVD) therapies in order to maximize drug efficacy, minimize drug toxicity, and to tailor personalized care for these patients. Although the clinical utility of pharmacogenetics is promising, its adoption in clinical practice has been slow. This resistance may stem from sometimes conflicting findings among pharmacogenetic studies. Thus, this review focuses on the genetic determinants of commonly used platelet antagonists and anticoagulants including aspirin, clopidogrel, dabigatran, and warfarin. We also explore the clinical translation of pharmacogenetics in the management of patients with CVD. ER  - 
Antiplatelet drugs: Which targets for which treatments?$$$ The current standard care for acute coronary syndromes is dual antiplatelet therapy combining the COX1 inhibitor aspirin with a drug targeting the P2Y<inf>12</inf> receptor, together with anticoagulation during and after early revascularization by percutaneous intervention. In very high-risk patients, glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIa antagonists may also be used. Secondary prevention of ischemic events requires dual antiplatelet therapy for several months followed by lifelong low-dose aspirin. The duration of treatment and the drugs to combine nevertheless remain matters of debate and the focus of ongoing research. Despite great progress, there is still room for improved efficacy and this could involve new targets for both antiplatelet drugs (like the thrombin receptor PAR1) and anticoagulants. However, improved efficacy is offset by an increased risk of bleeding. Stroke patients are still waiting for better treatment, their bleeding risk being particularly high. New targets including the collagen receptor, glycoprotein VI (GPVI), and the GPIb-von Willebrand factor axis, governing platelet interaction with the diseased vessel wall, should enable us to complete the armamentarium of antiplatelet drugs. ER  - 
Financial analysis of CYP2C19 genotyping in patients receiving dual antiplatelet therapy following acute coronary syndrome and percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ BACKGROUND: Dual antiplatelet therapy is an established standard of care for patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) to reduce thrombotic risk. Reduced CYP2C19 activity impairs clopidogrel bio-activation and increases risk of adverse clinical outcomes. Patients with poor and intermediate CYP2C19 metabolizers treated with clopidogrel incur higher cardiovascular event rates, including myocardial infarction, stroke, and stent thrombosis, following ACS than patients with normal CYP2C19 function. Tests are available to identify the CYP2C19 genotype and can be used to support individualization of antiplatelet therapy. OBJECTIVE: To estimate the financial impact of CYP2C19 genotyping in a theoretical cohort of 1,000 patients with ACS, who received percutaneous coronary intervention and coronary stent implantation and were treated with clopidogrel, prasugrel, or ticagrelor in a managed care setting. METHODS: Differences in overall and average cost per patient were estimated based on the rate of CYP2C19 genotyping in a theoretical cohort of 1,000 patients. Sensitivity analysis was carried out for varying costs, adherence, and the percentage of patients treated according to genotyping results. All clinical event costs were reported in terms of 2012 U.S. dollars. The budget impact analysis used published event rates from primary literature to estimate costs of events analysis for 3 different scenarios: Scenario A, no CYP2C19 genotyping; Scenario B, 50% of patients received CYP2C19 genotyping with appropriate treatment based on genotype; and Scenario C, 100% of patients received CYP2C19 genotyping with appropriate treatment based on genotype. RESULTS: According to this model, there was no change in the market share for the 3 antiplatelet agents in Scenario A. Initial market share for clopidogrel, prasugrel, and ticagrelor was 93%, 5%, and 2%, respectively; however, use of CYP2C19 genotyping is expected to shift market share from clopidogrel to either prasugrel or ticagrelor. In Scenario B, where 50% of the patients received genotyping, clopidogrel market share was reduced to 83%, while prasugrel increased to 12.1% and ticagrelor increased to 4.9%. In Scenario C, where all patients received genotyping, clopidogrel market share was reduced to 73%, prasugrel increased to 19.3%, and ticagrelor increased to 7.7%. Total estimated cost differences when all possible patients were genotyped included annual savings of roughly $444,852. CONCLUSIONS: Important financial benefits may be realized through use of genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy to reserve prasugrel or ticagrelor use for patients with reduced CYP2C19 activity to avoid costs associated with adverse cardiac events. ER  - 
Effect of genetic variations on ticagrelor plasma levels and clinical outcomes$$$ Aims Ticagrelor, a direct-acting P2Y<inf>12</inf>-receptor antagonist, is rapidly absorbed and partly metabolized to the major metabolite AR-C124910XX (ARC). To identify single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with pharmacokinetics of ticagrelor and clinical outcomes, we performed a genome-wide association study (GWAS) in patients treated with ticagrelor in the PLATO trial. Methods and results A two-stage design was used for the GWAS with discovery (discovery phase: n = 1812) and replication cohorts (replication phase: n = 1941). The steady-state area under the curve (AUCss) values, estimated by the population pharmacokinetic (PK) models, were log transformed and analysed on a genome-wide scale using linear regression. SNPs were analysed against clinical events using Cox-regression in 4990 patients. An SNP (rs113681054) in SLCO1B1 was associated with levels of ticagrelor (P = 1.1 × 10<sup>-6</sup>) and ARC (P = 4.6 × 10<sup>-13</sup>). This SNP is in linkage disequilibrium with a functional variant (rs4149056) that results in decreased OATP1B1 transporter activity. Ticagrelor levels were also associated with two independent SNPs (rs62471956, P = 7.7 × 10<sup>-15</sup> and rs56324128, P = 9.7 × 10<sup>-12</sup>) in the CYP3A4 region. Further, ARC levels were associated with rs61361928 (P = 3.0 × 10<sup>-14</sup>) in UGT2B7. At all loci, the effects were small. None of the identified SNPs that affected ticagrelor PK were associated with the primary composite outcome (cardiovascular death myocardial infarction, and stroke), non-CABG-related bleeds or investigator-reported dyspnoea. Conclusion In patients with ACS, ticagrelor pharmacokinetics is influenced by three genetic loci (SLCO1B1, UGT2B7, and CYP3A4). However, the modest genetic effects on ticagrelor plasma levels did not translate into any detectable effect on efficacy or safety during ticagrelor treatment. ER  - 
Current status of antiplatelet therapy in acute coronary syndrome$$$ Antiplatelet therapy is a first-line medical treatment for patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). As percutaneous coronary interventions (PCI) increase in number and complexity, more patients must be treated with antiplatelet therapy for cardiovascular diseases in which arterial thrombosis plays a major role. Current anti-platelet therapy is highly effective in preventing atherothrombotic complications. Nevertheless, a significant number of patients continue to experience recurrent complications despite being properly treated, due to pharmacokinetics and interactions of drugs, genetic background and increased thrombus formation. This has lead to big research efforts to provide new antiplatelet drugs with better preventive properties without increased bleeding risk. Up to 8% of patients receiving 81 mg-dose of aspirin have significantly less platelet inhibition than those receiving higher dose. Patients with poor responsiveness to clopidogrel are at high risk of thromboembolic complications, especially in the setting of ACS and stent implantation. Several options have been proposed. Firstly, to increase loading and maintenance doses up to 600 mg and 75-mg twice daily associated with high-dose aspirin (300-325 mg). A second option would be to change from clopidogrel to new antiplatelet agents like prasugrel and ticagrelor which were investigated in large clinical trials in patients with different entities of ACS. Because of conflicting results & without large scale clinical studies, routine platelet function measurement cannot be recommended at this point of time. Prasugrel is an ADP-P2Y12 receptor inhibitor that has a faster and more consistent inhibitory effect of platelet aggregation and was shown to reduce cardiovascular mortality in the setting of ACS undergoing PCI. Subgroups with increased risk of bleeding were patients with prior stroke, age over 75 and body weight under 60 kg. In this population, prasugrel is discouraged despite its increased in efficacy. Ticagrelor binds reversibly to P2Y<inf>12</inf> receptor. The reversibility action makes it attractive for situations when dual antiplatelet therapy needs to be interrupted. Both the drugs demonstrated superiority with respect to the primary composite endpoint. As compared to clopidogrel, both prasugrel and ticagrelor do not depend on loss-of-function genetic variants. The efficacy safety ratio of both compared to clopidogrel is better, even if both these compounds increased the risk of spontaneous major bleedings significantly. Due to lack of head-to-head comparison, potential differences between prasugrel and ticagrelor are hypothetical and both these drugs should be used according to guidelines. The novel intravenous antiplatelet cangrelor cut thrombotic complications of PCI with some increase in bleeding, a pooled analysis of the three CHAMPION(Cangrelor versus Standard Therapy to Achieve Optimal management of Platelet Inhibition) trials showed. Protease-activated-receptor 1(PAR 1) antagonist vorapaxar did not reduce the primary composite ischemic end point in TRACER (Thrombin Receptor Antagonist Clinical Event reduction in acute coronary syndrome) trial, but major bleeding and intracranial hemorrhage rates were substantially increased. Further large randomized trials would be required to decide the superiority of one agent over another and the duration of the therapy. ER  - 
Clopidogrel resistance in neurovascular stenting: Correlations between light transmission aggregometry, verifynow, and the multiplate$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Clopidogrel resistance is blamed for thromboembolic complications in neurovascular stent placement. Platelet-function assays are weakly standardized. The aim of this study was to correlate the results of 3 different platelet-inhibition measurements (from light transmission aggregometry, the VerifyNow P2Y12 test, and the Multiplate analyzer) and their relation to periprocedural thromboembolic complications in elective neurovascular stent placement. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Clopidogrel resistance was determined on the day of the intervention according to predefined platelet reactivity cutoff values. All 3 tests were performed in 103 consecutive neurovascular stent-placement procedures in 97 patients (extracranial, n = 77; intracranial, n = 26). RESULTS: The clopidogrel resistance rates were 47.6% (light transmission aggregometry), 50.5% (VerifyNow), and 35.9% (Multiplate). In 67% of the patients, clopidogrel resistance was present according to at least one method. The correlations of qualitative results that classified a patient as responsive or resistant to clopidogrel were 67.9% for light transmission aggregometry with VerifyNow, 77.7% for light transmission aggregometry with the Multiplate, and 66% for VerifyNow with the Multiplate. Periprocedural thromboembolic complications (n9) occurred more frequently in patients who were determined by all 3 methods to be clopidogrel resistant. The difference was most pronounced with light transmission aggregometry (complication rates, 14.4% [clopidogrel-resistant patients] vs 3.7% [clopidogrelresponsive patients]). Sensitivity and specificity rates of clopidogrel resistance in relation to embolic complications were, respectively, 78% and 55% for light transmission aggregometry, 67% and 51% for VerifyNow, and 44% and 67% for the Multiplate. CONCLUSIONS: Clopidogrel resistance is a frequent finding in patients who undergo neurovascular stent placement. The correlations among the different testing methods are only modest and differ considerably. Light transmission aggregometry results seem to correlate with thromboembolic complications more accurately than with VerifyNow and Multiplate point-of-care methods. ER  - 
Ticagrelor vs. Clopidogrel in Japanese, Korean and Taiwanese patients with acute coronary syndrome – Randomized, double-blind, phase III PHILO study$$$ Background: Few data on the relative efficacy and safety of new P2Y12 inhibitors such as prasugrel and ticagrelor in Japanese, Taiwanese and South Korean patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) exist. Methods and Results: The multicenter, double-blind, randomized PHILO trial compared the safety and efficacy of ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel in 801 patients with ACS (Japanese, n=721; Taiwanese, n=35; South Korean, n=44; unknown ethnicity, n=1). All were planned to undergo percutaneous coronary intervention and randomized within 24 h of symptom onset. Primary safety and efficacy endpoints were time to first occurrence of any major bleeding event and to any event from the composite of myocardial infarction, stroke or death from vascular causes, respectively. At 12 months, overall major bleeding occurred in 10.3% of ticagrelor-treated patients and in 6.8% of clopidogrel- treated patients (hazard ratio (HR), 1.54; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.94–2.53); the composite primary efficacy endpoint occurred in 9.0% and in 6.3% of ticagrelor- and clopidogrel-treated patients, respectively (HR, 1.47; 95% CI: 0.88–2.44). For both analyses, the difference between groups was not statistically significant. Conclusions: In ACS patients from Japan, Taiwan and South Korea, event rates of primary safety and efficacy endpoints were higher, albeit not significantly, in ticagrelor-treated patients compared with clopidogrel-treated patients. This observation could be explained by the small sample size, imbalance in clinical characteristics and low number of events in the PHILO population. ER  - 
Managing the Antithrombotic Therapy After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention in Patients on Oral Anticoagulation$$$ In patients on chronic oral anticoagulation (OAC) who are undergoing a percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), dual antiplatelet therapy (aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor) is required. However, combining dual antiplatelet therapy with OAC increases the risk of bleeding. Newer and stronger P2Y12 inhibitors also add more complexity to the regimen, as these antiplatelet agents are currently recommended as standard treatment in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). It remains unclear whether these ACS patients on chronic OAC undergoing PCI should be treated with these new P2Y12 inhibitors as part of the antiplatelet therapy. Another issue to address is that new non-vitamin K oral anticoagulants have emerged as possible alternatives for stroke prevention in patients with AF. Thus, the anticoagulated patient undergoing PCI faces a treatment dilemma. Based on a real-life case, we will discuss the optimal anticoagulant and antiplatelet treatment with a review of the literature. ER  - 
VERifyNow in diabetes high-on-treatment platelet reactivity: A pharmacodynamic study on switching from clopidogrel to prasugrel$$$ Introduction Diabetic patients with an acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention frequently exhibit high platelet reactivity while on clopidogrel. We hypothesized that in diabetic patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention, who exhibit highplatelet- reactivity after standard treatment with clopidogrel, a 60-mg prasugrel loading dose is superior to standard treatment with clopidogrel for optimal P2Y12 inhibition within the first 24-36 h post-angioplasty. Methods VERDI was a prospective, randomized, single-centre, single-blind, parallel-design study (NCT01684813). Consecutive diabetic patients with an non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention and loaded with clopidogrel were considered for platelet reactivity assessment immediately before angioplasty with the VerifyNow assay measured in P2Y12 reaction units (PRU). Fifty of 63 screened patients (79.4%) had high platelet reactivity (PRU ≥ 208) and were randomized to receive a 60-mg prasugrel loading dose (n = 25) versus clopidogrel standard dose (n = 25). Platelet function was assessed again 24 hours post-angioplasty. Results Prasugrel achieved greater platelet inhibition than clopidogrel 24 hours post-angioplasty (median [interquartile range], 38 [9-72] vs 285 [240-337], respectively; P < 0.001). The non-high-platelet-reactivity rate (PRU < 208) at 24 h post-angioplasty (primary end point) was higher with prasugrel; 25 patients (100%) in the prasugrel group achieved optimal antiaggregation vs 4 patients (16%) in the clopidogrel group (P < 0.001). No significant acute bleeding was documented in either group. Conclusion Among type 2 diabetic patients suffering an acute coronary syndrome with high-platelet-reactivity undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention, switching from clopidogrel to prasugrel was superior to standard treatment with clopidogrel for the achievement of optimal antiaggregation within the first 24 hours post-angioplasty. ER  - 
Ticagrelor or prasugrel versus clopidogrel in elderly patients with an acute coronary syndrome: Optimization of antiplatelet treatment in patients 70 years and older - Rationale and design of the POPular AGE study$$$ Rationale Dual antiplatelet therapy with acetylsalicylic acid in combination with a more potent P2Y12- inhibitor (ticagrelor or prasugrel) is recommended in patients with acute coronary syndrome without ST-segment elevation (NSTE-ACS) to prevent atherothrombotic complications. The evidence on which this recommendation is based shows that ticagrelor and prasugrel reduce atherothrombotic events at the expense of an increase in bleeding events when compared with clopidogrel. However, it remains unclear whether ticagrelor or prasugrel has a better net clinical benefit in elderly patients with NSTE-ACS when compared with clopidogrel. The POPular AGE trial is designed to address the optimal antiplatelet strategy in elderly NSTE-ACS patients. Study design POPular AGE is a multicenter, open-label, randomized controlled trial that aims to include 1000 patients ≥70 years of age with NSTE-ACS. Patients are randomly assigned to receive either clopidogrel or a more potent P2Y12 inhibitor (ticagrelor or prasugrel). The first primary end point is any bleeding event requiring medical intervention. The second primary end point is the net clinical benefit, a composite of all-cause mortality, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, "PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes" major bleeding, or "PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes" minor bleeding. Patients will be followed for 1 year after randomization, and analyses will be performed on the basis of intention to treat. Conclusion The POPular AGE is the first randomized controlled trial that will assess whether the treatment strategy with clopidogrel will result in fewer bleeding events without compromising the net clinical benefit in patients ≥70 years of age with NSTE-ACS when compared with a treatment strategy with ticagrelor or prasugrel. ER  - 
Pharmacogenetic testing in population of South Ural$$$ BACKGROUND: Drug resistance is a phenomenon that has received serious attention in recent years in everyday medical practice. This may also be described as responsiveness or non-responsiveness to drugs, as patients respond partially to medical treatment or have no response at all [1]. The nonresponsiveness to clopidogrel in cardiac patients of different populations is due to genetic variations in the cytochrome P450 (CYP) gene [2]. Carriers of at least one 'poor metabolizer allele' of CYP2C19 (either ∗2 or ∗3) have lower levels of the active metabolite of clopidogrel and have reduced platelet inhibition [3]. Furthermore, the significant inter-ethnic variability in the allelic frequencies of CYP2C19∗2 has been associated with differential clopidogrel resistance [4]. Such mutations in this variant allele are responsible for the inability of the CYP enzyme to convert clopidogrel into its active metabolite, which may result in the increased risk of death, heart attack or stroke among patients who have undergone percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) [5]. South Ural is a multinational region, a subject of the Russian Federation, where genetic variations have not been studied fully yet. OBJECTIVE: To examine prevalence of mutant alleles in population of South Ural. METHODS: We conducted pharmacogenetic testing for specific single nucleotide polymorphisms in 54 patients. The present research was conducted in the alleles CYP2C19∗2 and CYP2C19∗3. The data were processed using the program SPSS Statistics. RESULTS: The mean age of patients was 58, 4 years (from 26 to 79 years). Among all patients 59.3% were male, 40.7% of female patients. Among the studied patients in allele CYP2C19∗2, the “wild” type GG was detected in 75,9% of patients, GA type in 22.2% and AA variant was detected in 1.9% of all patients. Allele CYP2C19∗3 is often found among alleles with reduced function and also associated with resistance to clopidogrel. Functional drug response is observed in patients with type GG. All of the studied patients were carriers of this type. According to literature data the frequency of genotypes associated with resistance to clopidogrel in the Russian population is 11.4%, which is comparable with European ethnic groups [6]. CONCLUSIONS: It was revealed that 75,9% of patients were sensitive to clopidogrel, and for them this drug in its standard dosage will be effective, and 24,1% of patients were not sensitive, therefore, they would require replacement of clopidogrel with another drug. ER  - 
Newer antiplatelet agents in cardiovascular disease$$$ Plan: Antiplatelet drugs are the corner stone in the treatment of cardiovascular disease. They remain the main stay in preventing aberrant platelet activation in pathophysiological conditions like myocardial infarction, ischemia and stroke. Preface: According to consensus guidelines, early revascularization and intensive antiplatelet therapy are key to reducing the complication that arises from myocardial ischemia and the recurrence of cardiovascular events. The different anti-platelets are aspirin, clopidogrel, ticagrelor, elinogrel, ticlopidine. Effective antagonism of the P2Y12 platelet receptor is central to the treatment of acute coronary syndrome. Limitations in safety, efficacy and tolerability have precluded many of the antiplatelet inhibitors from use in patients. Unforeseen incidences of increased bleeding risk and recurrent arterial thrombosis observed in patients have hampered the development of superior next generation antiplatelet therapies. Outcome: The effective antiplatelet therapy is important for the acute and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease. The newer antiplatelet agents will reduce the limitation of the current therapy. ER  - 
PAMFix, a fixative developed to enable remote platelet function testing: Uses and applications$$$ PAMFix is a fixative that was developed to stabilize the platelet biomarker P-selectin on activated platelets. Stabilization of this biomarker introduced the possibility of performing measurements of platelet function remotely where there was no access to special equipment or technical expertise. The idea was to use PAMFix to fix the platelets after stimulating platelets in blood, after which the stabilized samples would be transported to a central laboratory for analysis by flow cytometry. This would obviate the need for special equipment or technical expertise at or near the point at which the blood was collected and processed. Here we demonstrate the stability of samples of blood treated with PAMFix and describe several applications in which the use of PAMFix has proved to be particularly beneficial. ER  - 
Impact of platelet reactivity on clopidogrel after PCI with second-generation DES on late lumen loss$$$ Aims: In patients who underwent PCI with second-generation DES, using quantitative coronary angiographic analysis (QCA) and assessed clinical outcomes we measured platelet reactivity after clopidogrel loading and late lumen loss. Methods and results: Platelet reactive units (PRU) were measured by Verify Now P2Y12 assays in 396 patients who underwent PCI with everolimusor biolimuseluting stents between August 2011 and June 2013. All patients received 300 mg clopidogrel loading immediately after PCI, 369 patients were followed by a maintenance dose of clopidogrel (7550 mg/d) and aspirin (100 mg/d). Two hundred and ninet yeight (298) patients had undergone coronary angiography (CAG) at 1012 months follow-up. Blood samples were obtained 12 to 24 hours after PCI (initial phase) and two to four weeks later (chronic phase). High platelet reactivity (HPR) on clopidogrel was defined as 240 and more in PRU. We assessed major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) including the composite of death, non-fatal MI, stent thrombosis, stroke, target vessel revascularisation (TVR), and bleeding events. QCA was evaluated by baseline and follow-up CAG. The value of PRU and rate of HPR in the chronic phase were significantly lower than in the initial phase (249±81 vs. 214±83; p<0.0001, 58% vs. 42%; p<0.0001, respectively). In the chronic phase, the HPR group had more females, current smokers and elderly patients than the non-HPR group. There were no significant differences in clinical outcomes between HPR and non-HPR (MACE: 7.7% vs. 7.0%; p=0.8 and bleeding events: 5.8% vs. 3.3%; p=0.3, respectively). According to QCA, late lumen loss was significantly greater in the HPR group as compared with the non-HPR group (0.29±0.40 mm vs. 0.17±0.37 mm; p=0.01, respectively). Multiple logistic regression analysis indicated that HPR was the only independent predictor for late lumen loss of 0.3 mm and over (p=0.008). Conclusions: After PCI with second-generation DES, there was no significant impact of platelet reactivity after clopidogrel loading on clinical outcomes. However, adequate inhibition of platelet reactivity reduced late lumen loss at follow-up. ER  - 
Pharmacogenomics of antiplatelet drugs$$$ Clopidogrel, a platelet P2Y12 inhibitor, is one of the most widely prescribed drugs in cardiovascular medicine because it reduces ischemic and thrombotic complications. It is a prodrug requiring biotransformation into the active metabolite by the hepatic cytochrome 450 system, especially the CYP2C19 enzyme. Candidate gene studies and genome-wide association studies have identified loss-of-function CYP2C19 variants to be associated with a diminished pharmacologic response. Specifically, compared with noncarriers, carriers of at least one copy of a loss-of-function CYP2C19 allele have ∼30% lower levels of active clopidogrel metabolite and ∼25% relatively less platelet inhibition with clopidogrel. Moreover, in patients treated with clopidogrel predominantly for percutaneous coronary intervention, carriers of 1 or 2 CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles are at increased risk for major adverse cardiovascular outcomes, with an ∼1.5-fold increase in the risk of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke as well as an ∼3-fold increase in risk for stent thrombosis. Tripling the dose of clopidogrel in carriers of a CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele can achieve on-treatment platelet reactivity comparable to that seen with the standard 75 mg dose in wild-type individuals, but the impact on clinical outcomes remains unknown. Alternatively, 2 third-generation P2Y12 inhibitors are available: prasugrel and ticagrelor. These drugs are superior to clopidogrel in reducing ischemic outcomes and are unaffected by CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles. ER  - 
Genomic architecture of pharmacological efficacy and adverse events$$$ The pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic disciplines address pharmacological traits, including efficacy and adverse events. Pharmacogenomics studies have identified pervasive genetic effects on treatment outcomes, resulting in the development of genetic biomarkers for optimization of drug therapy. Pharmacogenomics-based tests are already being applied in clinical decision making. However, despite substantial progress in identifying the genetic etiology of pharmacological response, current biomarker panels still largely rely on single gene tests with a large portion of the genetic effects remaining to be discovered. Future research must account for the combined effects of multiple genetic variants, incorporate pathway-based approaches, explore gene-gene interactions and nonprotein coding functional genetic variants, extend studies across ancestral populations, and prioritize laboratory characterization of molecular mechanisms. Because genetic factors can play a key role in drug response, accurate biomarker tests capturing the main genetic factors determining treatment outcomes have substantial potential for improving individual clinical care. ER  - 
Effects of Cyp2c19 and P2y12 gene polymorphisms on clinical results of patients using clopidogrel after acute ischemic cerebrovascular disease$$$ The CY2C19 and P2Y12 gene polymorphisms are responsible for resistance to clopidogrel, known as drug unresponsiveness. In this study we researched the effect of gene polymorphism on clinical results of patients who began clopidogrel therapy after acute ischemic cerebrovascular disease. The study included 51 patients. The patient group included patients who had begun prophylactic clopidogrel due to acute ischemic cerebrovascular disease in the last 2 years. All patients were monitored by the Neurology Outpatient Clinic at Cąnakkale Onsekiz Mart Üniversity Research Hospital, Cąnakkale, Turkey, and only those monitored for at least 1 year were included in the study. When the ∗1, ∗2 and ∗3 alleles of the CYP2C19 gene polymorphism were evaluated, two patients were homozygotes for ∗2/∗2, 13 patients were heterozygous for ∗1/∗2 and 36 patients were homozygotes for the wild type ∗1/∗1. No patient had the ∗3 allele. Three heterozygous patients, one for ∗2/∗2 and two for ∗1/∗2, stopped clopidogrel therapy due to repeated strokes and began taking warfarin. When evaluating P2Y12 52 (G>T) and 34 (C>T) polymorphisms, all alleles were of the wild type. The CYP2C19 and P2Y12 gene polymorphisms may cause recurring strokes linked to insufficient response to treatment of ischemic cerebrovascular disease. In our patient group, three patients suffered repeated strokes and these patients had the CYP2C19∗2 gene polymorphism. As a result, before medication use, genetic testing is important for human life, quality of life and economic burden. ER  - 
The impact of renal function on platelet reactivity and clinical outcome in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with stenting$$$ Patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Previous studies have suggested that patients with CKD have less therapeutic benefit of antiplatelet therapy. However, the relation between renal function and platelet reactivity is still under debate. On-treatment platelet reactivity was determined in parallel by ADP- and AA-induced light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) and the VerifyNow® System (P2Y12 and Aspirin) in 988 patients on dual antiplatelet therapy, undergoing elective coronary stenting. Patients were divided into two groups according to the presence or absence of moderate/severe CKD (GFR<60 ml/min/1.73 m2). Furthermore, the incidence of all-cause death, non-fatal acute myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis and stroke at one-year was evaluated. Patients with CKD (n=180) had significantly higher platelet reactivity, regardless of the platelet function test used. Patients with CKD more frequently had high on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity (HCPR) and high on-aspirin platelet reactivity (HAPR) regardless of the platelet function test used. After adjustment for potential confounders, this was no longer significant. The event-rate was the highest in patients with both high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR) and CKD compared to those with neither high on-treatment platelet reactivity nor CKD. In conclusion, the magnitude of platelet reactivity as well as the incidence of HPR was higher in patients with CKD. However, since the incidence of HPR was similar after adjustment, a higher rate of co-morbidities in patients with CKD might be the major cause for this observation rather than CKD itself. CKD-patients with HCPR were at the highest risk of long-term cardiovascular events. ER  - 
P2Y12 receptors in control of pain and neuroinflammation$$$ P2Y12 receptor (P2Y12R) antagonists are widely used as safe drugs for the prevention of myocardial infarction and stroke by their action to inhibit the platelet ADP-receptor. However, P2Y12Rs are also expressed in the brain, in particular in microglia and previous studies indicate their role in CNS pathology. In our studies the participation of P2Y12Rs were explored in different rodent models of inflammatory and neuropathic pain and in acute thermal nociception. A variety of P2Y12R antagonists (clopidogrel, ticlopidine, cangrelor, MRS2395, reactive blue 2, PSB-0739), and the P2Y12R deficient mouse line (P2ry12-/-) were used to probe P2Y12Rs. In parallel with their activity to block the recombinant human P2Y12R, P2Y12R antagonists dose-dependently alleviated mechanical hyperalgesia in both acute and chronic CFA induced inflammatory pain models. Similar findings were obtained in a neuropathic pain model and in the hot plate test, where they caused an increase in thermal nociceptive threshold. P2Y12R mRNA and proinflammatory cytokines were time-dependently overexpressed in the rat hindpaw and lumbar spinal cord following intraplantar CFA injection, which was accompanied by the induction of myeloperoxidase activity. The selective P2Y12R antagonist PSB-0739 (0.3 mg/kg i.t.) attenuated CFA-induced expression of cytokines in the hindpaw and the spinal cord. Subdiaphragmatic vagotomy and the α7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist MLA occluded the effect of PSB-0739 on pain behavior and peripheral cytokine induction. Genetic deletion of the P2Y12R reproduced the effect of P2Y12R antagonists. In conclusion our data argues for the profound involvement of both central and peripheral P2Y12Rs in acute and chronic pain and inflammation. ER  - 
Cardiovascular genetics of P2-receptors$$$ This is a review-presentation about the most clinically important genetic polymorphisms in P2-receptors and purinergic genes. A common loss-of-function SNP of the P2Y11 receptor is overrepresentated in patients with myocardial infarction. The probable mechanism of action is a proinflammatory effect, because CRP was elevated. The SNP confers partial loss-of-function, which is reflected in a decrease in the T-helper cell population in carriers, likely due to attenuation of the anti-apoptotic effects of the receptor. Another loss-of-function SNP in the ATP stimulated P2X7 receptor, protects against myocardial infarction in smokers and against stroke in the whole population. This indicates that an antagonist against P2X7 could be a developed to a medical agent against atherosclerotic disease. A loss-of-function polymorphism in the human P2X4 receptor is associated with increased pulse pressure. Electrophysiological studies showed that it reduced the peak amplitude of the ATP-induced inward current by 81 %. There was significant association with pulse pressure where 1 minor allele increased pulse pressure by 2.84 mmHg. Presented at this meeting by Sathanoori, transient transfection of static HUVEC cultures with the P2X4 a Tyr315>Cys mutation construct, blocks ATP-mediated KLF2 and NOS3 expression. Collectively, these results suggest that shear stress-induced KLF2 is dependent on ATP released by endothelial cells acting via the P2X4 receptor and has clinical implications for pulse pressure. ATP acts as a survival signal and prevents the mineralization of aortic valve. A genetic polymorphism in the intron 9 of the ENPP1 gene is associated with calcific aortic valve disease. The important platelet P2Y12 and P2Y1 receptors do not have any polymorphisms of clinical importance. However, the clopidogrel prodrug enzyme CYP2C19-polymorphisms determine responders to antiplatelet therapy. In conclusion, polymorphisms in purinergic genes reveal new mechanisms for cardiovascular disease. P2Y11 and P2X7 are involved in development of myocardial infarction and P2X7 in stroke. P2X4 is important for shear stress and pulse pressuree and ENPP1 is involved in aortic calcification. ER  - 
Relationship of longitudinal measurements of biomarkers of hemodynamic stress, systemic inflammation, and platelet reactivity with ischemic outcomes in non-st-elevation acute coronary syndrome patients managed without revascularization$$$ Introduction: Hemodynamic stress, systemic inflammation, and platelet reactivity are key pathways mediating outcomes after acute coronary syndrome (ACS), but it remains uncertain how circulating biomarkers that reflect these pathways are associated and interconnected with ischemic outcomes in ACS patients who are managed without revascularization. Methods: We measured N-terminal pro B-type natriuretic peptide (NTproBNP; marker of hemodynamic stress), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP; marker of systemic inflammation), and P2Y12 reaction units (PRU; marker of platelet reactivity measured by the VerifyNow device) at baseline and at 6 months in 1219 patients with non-ST-elevation ACS managed without revascularization and randomized to prasugrel vs clopidogrel in the TRILOGY-ACS trial. We tested the independent association of NTproBNP, hs-CRP, and PRU values with ischemic outcomes using Cox regression to adjust for baseline characteristics, including prior heart failure, Killip class, and biomarker results. Results: A total of 115 cardiovascular (CV) death, myocardial infarction (MI), or stroke events occurred during 24 months of follow-up. The unadjusted cumulative incidence of the composite primary endpoint of CV death, MI and stroke was 11.3% (CV death, 4.5%; MI, 7.5%; and stroke, 1.3%). In multivariable analysis, higher baseline and 6-month NTproBNP values were significantly associated with CV death while higher 6-month, but not baseline, hs-CRP measurements were significantly associated with MI (Table). PRU measurements were not associated with the events analyzed. Conclusions: Longitudinal measurements of circulating biomarkers reflecting hemodynamic stress and systemic inflammation, but not platelet reactivity, delineate independent but complementary prognostic information in patients with non-ST-elevation ACS who are managed without revascularization and treated with either prasugrel or clopidogrel. ER  - 
Validation of cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19 genotype testing for antiplatelet therapy$$$ Introduction: The antiplatelet agent Clopidogrel (Plavix) undergoes a two-step hepatic P450 CYP2C19 metabolism and is reportedly less efficacious in patients who harbor ∗2 and ∗3 loss-of function CYP2C19 alleles. Such patients remain at increased risk for heart attack, stroke, and cardiovascular death despite therapy. The ∗17 gain-offunction variant has an unknown clinical significance. With the recent availability of point-of-care testing for CYP2C19, treatment decisions can be made when patients present for percutaneous coronary intervention and stent placement. We decided to validate Nanosphere's Verigene CYP2C19 test, the first FDA approved point-of-care testing which measures the ∗2, ∗3, and ∗17 variants. Methods: From October 2013 to March 2014 peripheral blood was collected in EDTA from 96 samples. The CYP2C19 genotype was measured using Verigene CYP2C19 test according to manufacturer's procedure. In addition, 3 control samples were run by hybridization mode. The genotype was resulted as wild type, heterozygous, or mutant on ∗2, ∗3 and ∗17 alleles. The no call rate was monitored, and results were compared to those acquired by other methodologies (e.g., 23andMe). Results: A total of 99 tests were performed with a no call rate of 33% (n=33). Ten samples required repeating, including 8 that remained as no calls despite retesting. Thirteen of 14 patients with previously known genotypes had their alleles confirmed, but one of 3 patients with ∗1/∗17 had two consecutive no calls. The remaining patients who were ∗1/∗2 (n=3), ∗1/∗1 (n=2), and ∗17/∗17 (n=1) had results consistent with their previously known genotypes. Control samples run in hybridization mode also had a 33% no call rate. The manufacturer provided us with 7 whole blood samples; the 27 tests using those samples resulted in 30% no calls (n=8). The product was temporarily withdrawn from the market. Conclusions: The CYP2C19 genotype call was accurate when Verigene provides a genotype result; however, we faced an unexpectedly high no call rate, the reasons of which are unclear. Our validation results differ significantly from the previously published and package insert no call rate of 7% to 10%. Due to the time-sensitive nature of point-of-care testing, we feel that Verigene's CYP2C19 test is not a feasible option at this time. Alternative point-of-care testing such as with Spartan RX CYP2C19 System may be considered. ER  - 
Comparison of bivalirudin plus new P2Y12 inhibitor versus heparin plus clopidogrel in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: A propensity-matched study$$$ Background. Randomized trials have shown that bivalirudin may provide a benefit in terms of net clinical adverse events (combined ischemic and bleeding events) when compared with heparin± GPI in STEMI patients undergoing primary PCI. The major drawback of bivalirudin is increase in stent thrombosis in STEMI patients treated by pPCI. The newer oral P2Y12 inhibitors may reduce the latter while the use of bivalirudin may improve the bleeding profile of the newer P2Y12 inhibitors. Indeed, few data are available on the comparison of efficacy and safety of bivalirudin plus new oral P2Y12 inhibitors compared with heparin and clopidogrel in STEMI patients. Methods. 45 consecutive unselected STEMI patients undergoing primary PCI treated with bivalirudin plus prasugrel or ticagrelor (group A) were compared to matched historical control patients treated by heparin and clopidogrel (600 mg) (group B). A propensity 1:1 matching was obtained for the following variables: age, gender, hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes, smoke, familiarity, serum creatinine, TIMI risk score and Killip class selected from the same population. Outcomes of interest included major adverse cardiovascular events, bleedings (TIMI definition) and stent thrombosis during hospital stay. Results. In group A 36 patients were treated with prasugrel, whereas 9 patients were treated with ticagrelor. We observed no statistical differences between the two groups regarding to in-hospital death (6.7% in group A vs 8.9% in group B, p=1.0), myocardial re-infarction (0.0% vs 4.4%, p=0.5), unplanned revascularization of the infarct-related artery (0.0% vs 4.4%, p=0.5) or stroke (0.0% vs 4.4%, p=0.5). The composite of ischemic events was lower in group A (6.7% vs 11.1%, p=0.73). TIMI major bleedings occurred in 1 patient in group A and 4 patients in group B (2.2% vs 8.9%, p=0.38). Stent thrombosis occurred in 2 patients (4.4%) in group B; no stent thrombosis occurred in group A (p=0.5). The composite of ischemic complications and major bleedings second TIMI definition resulted lower in the bivalirudin plus prasugrel/ticagrelor group (6.7% vs 13.3%, p=0.51). Conclusion. Although not statistically significant, the association of newer P2Y12 inhibitor plus bivalirudin was associated with numerically lower composite of ischemic and bleeding events in STEMI patients treated by primary PCI compared to a regimen of clopidogrel plus heparin. With the observed effect size, at least 381 patients per group are needed to get statistical significant effect with a statistical power of 80% and alfa=0.05. (Figure presented) . ER  - 
Our experience with ticagrelor in the patients of acute coronary syndrome$$$ Background: Ticagrelor is an oral, reversible, direct-acting inhibitor of the adenosine diphosphate receptor P2Y12 that has a more rapid onset and more pronounced platelet inhibition than clopidogrel. We studied the clinical effects off TICAGRELOR at our hospital in comparison with CLOPIDOGREL. Methods: In this single center, observational study, we compared Ticagrelor (180-mg loading dose, 90 mg twice daily thereafter) and Clopidogrel (300-to-600-mg loading dose, 75 mg daily thereafter) for the prevention of cardiovascular events in 240 patients admitted to the hospital with an acute coronary syndrome, with or without ST-segment elevation. Results: At the end of the study period, total number of patients included in the study were 240 patients out of which 60 (25%) were treated with Ticagrelor and 180 ( 75 %) were treated with Clopidogrel. In patients treated with Ticagrelor, 1 (1.7 %) died of Sudden Cardiac arrest (? Myocardial infarction), 4 (7%) had myocardial infarction. No cases of stroke were reported in Ticagrelor group. 2 (3.4 %) patients had major bleeding episodes ( 1 patient had large hematoma at puncture site requiring 4 units of blood transfusion and 1 patient had Intra-Cerebral bleed. 4 (7 %) patients had complained of new onset dyspnea, which was evaluated with PFT which showed no significant abnormality, oxygen saturations were found to be normal. Patients were reassured and the drug was continued and eventually patients tolerated the drugs well. In patients treated with clopidogrel, 4(2.2 %) patients died, 2 patients had Myocardial infarction, 1 had major intra-cranial bleed, 1 patient had sudden cardiac death. 15 (8.3%) had myocardial infarction. 2 (1.1 %) patients had stroke. 5 (2.7 %) patients had major bleeding episodes ( 4 patient had large hematoma at puncture site requiring multiple units of blood transfusion and 1 patient had Intra-Cerebral bleed). 4 (2.2 %) patients had complained of new onset dyspnea, which was evaluated with PFT which showed no significant abnormality, oxygen saturations were found to be normal. Patients were reassured and the drug was continued and eventually patients tolerated the drugs well. Conclusion: In patients who had an acute coronary syndrome with or without ST-segment elevation, treatment with Ticagrelor, as compared with Clopidogrel, significantly reduced the rate of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke, with increase in the rate of overall major bleeding. The major limitation of the study was that it wasn't a randomized controlled trial and comparatively small number of patients were studied. ER  - 
Both PON1 Q192R and CYP2C19∗2 influence platelet response to clopidogrel and ischemic events in Chinese patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Objectives: Clopidogrel nonresponsiveness increases the recurrence of cardiovascular events of patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Genetic variant is a major factor to influence clopidogrel response. In this study we investigated the effects of genetic variants on clopidogrel response and clinical outcomes in Chinese patients with PCI. Methods: Acute coronary syndrome patients undergoing PCI were enrolled. The platelet response to clopidogrel was detected by Thrombelastograph. High platelet reactivity (HPR) was defined as ≥ 70% adenosine diphosphate-induced aggregation. 10 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) (ABCB1, CYP2C19∗2, CYP2C19∗3, CYP2C19∗4, CYP2C19∗17, CYP3A4, CYP3A5, ITGB3, P2Y12 and PON1 Q192R) were detected by the Sequenom MassARRAY platform. The clinical endpoint was the incidence of major adverse cardiovascular event (MACE), including cardiovascular death, myocardium infarction, target vessel revascularization, stent thrombosis and stroke. The follow-up duration was 6 months. Results: Among 336 patients included, 53 (15.77%) were categorized as HPRs. CYP2C19∗4 and P2Y12 variants did not be found in our population. PON1 192Q and CYP2C19∗2 alleles were significantly higher in HPR than normal platelet reactivity (NPR) group (P=0.033 and 0.038, respectively); while the other SNPs were not significantly different between the two groups. The platelet aggregation of PON1 192Q carrier was significantly higher than non-carrier both at baseline and 1 month after PCI (P=0.010 and 0.024, respectively), and so did CYP2C19∗2 carrier (P=0.005 and 0.003, respectively). The risks of MACE increased with PON1 192Q and CYP2C19∗2 alleles during 6-month follow-up (P=0.012 and 0.003, respectively). Conclusions: Both PON1 192Q and CYP2C19∗2 alleles are associated with HPR and increased risk of ischemic events in Chinese patients undergoing PCI. ER  - 
The association of ABCC3 promoter methylation with clopidogrel response in Chinese ischemic stroke patients$$$ Multidrug resistance protein 3 (MRP3), encoded by ABCC3, is an ATP-dependent efflux pump mediating the transport of many drugs, implicated in clopidogrel resistance. This study enrolled 87 ischemic stroke patients with CYP2C191/1 genotype, who received clopidogrel (75 mg/day) for at least 5 days before discharge. The maximum platelet aggregation (MPA) was measured by light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) to assess platelet function. Whole blood samples were obtained to evaluate the ABCC3 promoter methylation and mRNA expression of ABCC3. Pyrosequencing was carried out to investigate ABCC3 methylation and ABCC3 mRNA expression was evaluated by qPCR. The ABCC3 methylation was neither significantly different among the four MPA quartile groups (P = 0.275) nor independently associated with MPA values (R = 0.100, P= 0.358). However, the ABCC3 promoter methylation status in 87 clinical samples from patients correlated inversely with the expression of ABCC3 (R = - 0.854, P < 0.001). In addition, the ABCC3 expression was neither significantly different among the four quartile groups (P = 0.499) nor independently associated with MPA values (R = 0.060, P= 0.582). ABCC3 promoter methylation does not seem to exhibit any impact on MPA and clopidogrel response at all. ER  - 
45: Update on genetics and stroke pharmacogenomics: Using genetics to guide current stroke therapy$$$ Genetic variants are thought to contribute to the wide intraindividual variability in antiplatelet and anticoagulant drug response. Pharmacogenetics is the study of how genetic variants influence drug response and how the adoption of a more personalized approach in antiplatelet and anticoagulant therapy may help to minimize harmful drug effects and optimize care for individual patients. However, due to sometimes conflicting evidence, the uptake of pharmacogenetics in the clinical setting has been slow. In this presentation, we review the genetic mechanisms contributing to the variability in response to four commonly used and emerging antiplatelet and anticoagulant drug therapies for stroke prevention, namely aspirin, clopidogrel, dabigatran and warfarin.We will focus on common genetic variants that influence the absorption,metabolism and/or action of these agents, including COX2, CYP2C19, CYP3A4, CYP3A5, CYP2C9, ABCB1, P2RY12, CYP2C9, VKORC1 and CES1. Lecture fees received from Boehringer Ingelheim. Grant funding support from Sanofi. ER  - 
Should dual antiplatelet therapy be used after coronary artery bypass surgery? A meta-analysis of 4662 patients from randomized controlled trials$$$ BACKGROUND: Guidelines recommend the use of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) for patients with ACS who are managed either medically or with revascularization. However, DAPT utilization in ACS patients following CABG remains low, in part, due to limited data, and perceived risk of bleeding. This meta-analysis specifically addresses the issue of DAPT use post-CABG, and compares efficacy and bleeding between the newer vs. older generation P2Y12 antagonists. METHODS: We systematically searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Registry from inception to early 2014 to identify randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in adult patients undergoing CABG comparing either dual vs. single antiplatelet therapy, or higher- vs. lower-intensity DAPT. No language restrictions were applied. Results were pooled using random effects models. RESULTS: 8 RCTs (4662 patients) met inclusion criteria. 4 single- or two-centre RCTs enrolled 762 patients postelective CABG, and 2 multi-centre RCTs reported on post-randomization subsets of 2155 ACS patients who subsequently underwent CABG. These 6 RCTs compared clopidogrel plus aspirin to aspirin alone. 2 other multi-centre RCTs reported on post-randomization subsets of ACS patients who subsequently underwent CABG and compared higher intensity DAPT with either ticagrelor (1261 patients) or prasugrel (484 patients) plus aspirin vs. clopidogrel plus aspirin. Study quality was relatively high. Follow-up ranged from 30 days to 1 year for the elective CABG RCTs, and 7.5-14.5 months for the ACS RCTs. There were no differences in all-cause mortality in clopidogrel plus aspirin vs. aspirin RCTs; in contrast, allcause mortality was significantly lower in the ticagrelor and prasugrel vs. clopidogrel RCTs (risk ratio [RR] 0.49, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.33-0.71, p=0.0002, 2 RCTs, 1695 patients) with no heterogeneity (I2=0%), and interaction p<0.01 compared to clopidogrel plus aspirin RCT pooled results. There were no differences in myocardial infarctions, strokes, or composite outcomes overall or in any subgroup. Overall, major bleeding was not significantly increased (RR 1.24, 95% CI 0.77-2.01, p=0.37, 6 RCTs, 4281 patients). However, there was some heterogeneity (I2=44%) that was due almost entirely to the significantly higher bleeding reported for the prasugrel RCT which included mainly CABGrelated major bleeding (RR 3.15, 95% CI 1.45-6.87, p=0.004, 1 RCT, 437 patients). CONCLUSION: Higher intensity (prasugrel or ticagrelor with ASA) but not lower intensity (clopidogrel and ASA) DAPT was associated with an approximate 50% lower risk for all-cause mortality in ACS patients who underwent CABG based on post-randomization subsets from single RCTs. Large prospective RCTs evaluating the use of DAPT post CABG are warranted. ER  - 
Effect of oral P2Y12 receptor inhibitors in acute coronary syndromes treated with and without percutaneous coronary intervention: A meta-analysis of nonsmokers$$$ PURPOSE: Current smokers have consistently benefitted from dual-antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) in various clinical outcome trials. However, the result from an a priori analysis of well-established nonsmokers with ACS in the CURE trial reported no treatment effect for the addition of clopidogrel to aspirin (ASA) versus ASA alone. To further test the hypothesis generated from CURE that smoking status influences the treatment effect of clopidogrel in ACS; we compared the relative rate of MACE (defined as nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, or cardiovascular death) in well-established nonsmokers treated with both ASA and a new oral P2Y12 receptor inhibitor (OPI) or clopidogrel. METHODS: We screened and selected randomized clinical trials in ACS through May 31, 2014 that utilized recommended DAPT regimens for at least 12 weeks and reported comparative MACE effects. Trial cohort also met strict nonsmoker inclusion criteria. We conducted a meta-analysis using a fixed-effects model. RESULTS: Three ACS trials were identified. However, eligible nonsmoker data that were collected and analyzed from one trial were unavailable despite requests. Therefore, only a priori analyses from the remaining two trials were analyzed. In a meta-analysis of these ACS trials (N=10,270), there was no significant difference in rate of MACE for a new OPI versus clopidogrel in well-established nonsmokers [HR, 0.99 (95% CI, 0.88-1.11)]. CONCLUSION: In a meta-analysis of ACS trials, using a stringent nonsmoker definition, there was no difference in comparative OPI treatment-effect for MACE. This result is based on two large independent ACS trials and corroborates the unexpected MACE finding from the landmark clopidogrel trial that first suggested DAPT is not better than ASA alone in well-established nonsmokers with ACS. The lack of MACE reduction in wellestablished nonsmokers with ACS by a new OPI + ASA regimen may encourage the reassessment of benefit and risk of DAPT in nonsmokers with ACS. ER  - 
Repeated clopidogrel loading doses and high maintenance dose after stenting in acute coronary syndrome patients with persistent low response to clopidogrel-a six month follow-up safety study$$$ Introduction: Platelet response to clopidogrel has wide interindividual variability. Low response to clopidogrel is recognized as a significant risk factor for new ischemic events. We sought to investigate whether repeated clopidogrel loading regimen and high maintenance dose (300 mg/day) is safe in persistent low responders on clopidogrel after successful PCI in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) during the period of 6 months. Materials and methods: Patients with ACS who underwent successful coronary stenting were tested with impedance aggregometer - Multiplate® analyzer 12-24 hours after PCI. Exclusion criteria were predefined as follows: thrombocytopenia (<150x10E9/L), significant renal insufficiency (creatinine>200 mcmol/L), advanced age (>80 years), history of intracranial bleeding, history of ischemic cerebrovascular insult (CVI) 6 months prior, concomitant chronic anitcoagulation therapy and continuous postinterventional glycoprotein IIbIIIa receptor antagonist infusion. Cut-off value for clopidogrel low response was 46U as set by consensus statement. Identified low responders received another loading dose of clopidogrel and underwent platelet function testing (PFT) again the following day. Remaining low responders received the third loading dose followed by a maintenance dose of 150 mg/day. On day 7, we repeated PFT and patients who remained low responders on clopidogrel were assigned to maintenance dose of 300 mg/day. Patients older than 70 remained on 150 mg/day. One, two, three and six months after PCI we conducted control PFT and interview to asses platelet reactivity, compliance to treatment and bleeding events according to BARC classification. Results: We enrolled 43 low responders to clopidogrel. Persistent low response was present in 8 patients after one week (18.6%). After 1, 2, 3 and 6 months low response on clopidogrel was found in 5, 3, 2 and 1 patient, respectively. No patient had a major bleeding event. One patient died before first month visit (ischemic CVI). Conclusion: Our study indicates that repeated clopidogrel loading doses and very high maintenance dose could be safe in persistent low responders on clopidogrel in terms of occurrence of major bleeding complications. Maintaining high doses of clopidogrel in late post PCI period might prevail high on-treatment platelet reactivity phenotype in certain patients but some patients are still inadequately treated. Using new P2Y12 inhibitors like ticagrelor and prasugrel should be used in such patients if available. ER  - 
Correlation between residual platelet reactivity after clopidogrel loading and long term major adverse outcome among STEMI patients undergoing delayed primary percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Background: It has been shown that higher Residual Platelet Reactivity RPR (P2Y12-Reaction-Units,PRU>251.5) after clopidogrel loading is associated with larger intracoronary thrombus burden, as well as with impaired myocardial perfusion after revascularization. We investigated whether RPR is further correlated with long term major adverse clinical events among ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) patients undergoing an unexpectedly-delayed primary PCI. Methods: A retrospective observational study was conducted, including patients with STEMI, who were either transferred from a referring hospital or presented directly to our hospital and unexpectedly failed to achieve the goal of a first medical contact-toballoon time of less than 2h. VerifyNow assay was used to determine RPR after clopidogrel loading. Study population was divided into Low and High RPR groups (PRU< 251.5 and PRU>251.5 respectively) according to the previously published study. Major adverse clinical events (MACE) (cardiovascular death, stroke, myocardial infarction, revascularization) were recorded in long term follow up. Results: A total of 61 consecutive STEMI patients (mean age 62.13±12 yrs, 48 males) were enrolled in the study. Low RPR group included 38 patients (62.3%), while high RPR group included 23 patients (37.7%). In long term follow up (mean follow-up period 33± 19 months), it was found that among patients with high RPR, MACE were more frequent in comparison with the low RPR group (p=0.043, phi coefficient= 0.3). After adjustment for age, diabetes mellitus and ejection fraction at hospital exit, high RPR group remained an independent predictor of MACE (OR: 4.478, CI: 1.001-20.096; p=0.05). To further investigate the prognostic value of high RPR in clinical outcomes, by Cox proportional hazards regression model, it was shown that high RPR levels, is an independent prognostic factor for MACE-free survival among STEMI patients undergoing primary PCI [hazard ratio: 0.282, 95% confidence interval (0.093-0.854), P = 0.025]. Conclusions: Among STEMI patients undergoing primary PCI, those with initial PRU levels above the cutoff point of 251.1, have higher incidence of major adverse cardiac events during long term follow up. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of abciximab administration in contemporary primary percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Background: With the widespread use of high loading dose of clopidogrel or new P2Y12 receptor inhibitors, limited data are available regarding the efficacy and safety of the administration of a glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitor to patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PPCI). Thus, we analyzed the short-term results of abciximab administration to a contemporary cohort of STEMI patients undergoing PPCI. Methods: Between July-2012 and April-2014, 482 STEMI patients underwent PPCI in a tertiary care hospital. All patients were preloaded with aspirin and a thienopiridine. 94% of the patients were treated with unfractioned heparin and 6% with bivalirudin. PPCI was performed via transradial approach in 84% of cases. We compared the clinical characteristics and the 30-day outcome between 2 groups of patients: those treated with abciximab (group A, n=287) and those treated without (group B, n=195). Results: Patients in group A were younger, more frequently men, had more body weight, hypertension, multivessel disease and thrombus burden than patients in group B. Preloading with clopidogrel (group A: 78% vs group B: 73%, p=0.2) and/or with a new P2Y12 receptor inhibitor (group A: 30% vs. group B: 38%, p=0.1) was similar in both groups. At 30 days, the efficacy endpoint (composite of death, reinfarction, new target-vessel revascularization or ischemic stroke) was observed less frequently in group A than in group B (5.5% vs. 11.7%, respectively, p=0.02), while the safety endpoint (BARC type ≥3 bleeding) occurred similarly in both groups of patients (group A: 4.1% vs. group B: 3.5%, p=0.7). The net adverse clinical event rate (combination of the efficacy and safety endpoints) was also similar in both groups of patients (group A: 9.7%vs. group B: 15.3%, p=0.06). Conclusions: In contemporary PPCI, administration of abciximab to selected patients appears safe and effective, and is potentially associated with a reduction in adverse ischemic event rate, without an increase in major bleeding risk. ER  - 
Impact of platelet reactivity on clopidogrel after PCI with 2nd generation DES on late lumen loss$$$ Background: Previous studies had reported that high platelet reactivity (HPR) is associated with recurrent ischemic events after PCI. However, 1st generation drugeluting stents (DES) were mainly used in those studies. We measured platelet reactivity after clopidogrel loading, late lumen loss by quantitative coronary angiographic analysis (QCA) and assessed mid-term clinical outcomes in patients who underwent PCI with 2nd generation DES. Methods: Platelet reactive units (PRU) was measured by VerifyNow P2Y12 assays in 396 patients underwent PCI with Everolimus- or Biolimus-eluting stents between August 2010 and May 2013. All patients received 300mg clopidogrel loading immediately after PCI, 368 patients were followed by a maintenance dose of clopidogrel (75-50mg/d) and aspirin (100mg/d). Blood samples were obtained 12 to 24 hours after PCI (initial phase) and 2-4 weeks later (chronic phase). HPR on clopidgrel was defined as 240 or more in PRU. We assessed major adverse cardiovascular event (MACE) including the composite of death, nonfatal MI, stent thrombosis, stroke, and target lesion revascularization (TLR), and bleeding events, QCA was evaluated at baseline and 1-year follow-up. Results: The value of PRU and rate of HPR on the chronic phase were significantly lower than in the initial phase (249±81 vs. 214±83; p< 0.001, 58% vs. 42%; p< 0.001). In the chronic phase, HPR group had more female and older patients than non- HPR group. There were no significant differences in MACE and bleeding events between two groups (HPR 7.7% vs. non-HPR 7.5%; p=NS). According to QCA, late lumen loss was significantly larger in HPR group compared to non-HPR group (0.29±0.40mm vs. 0.17±0.37mm; p=0.01). Multiple logistic regression analysis indicated that HPR was the only independent predictor for late lumen loss of 0.3mm and over (p=0.015). Conclusions: There was no significant impact of platelet reactivity on clopidogrel on clinical outcomes after PCI with 2nd generation DES. However, adequate inhibition of platelet reactivity reduced late lumen loss. ER  - 
Direct healthcare costs and cost-effectiveness of acute coronary syndrome secondary prevention with ticagrelor compared to clopidogrel: Economic evaluation from the public payer's perspective in Poland based on the PLATO trial results$$$ Background: Ticagrelor is the first reversibly binding oral P2Y12 receptor antagonist designed to reduce clinical thrombotic events in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Compared to clopidogrel, ticagrelor has been proven to significantly reduce the rate of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction (MI), or stroke without an increase in the rate of overall major bleeding in patients who have an ACS with or without ST-segment elevation (STEMI and NSTEMI) or unstable angina (UA). Aim: To evaluate the cost-effectiveness and healthcare costs associated with secondary prevention of ACS using ticagrelor or clopidogrel in patients after STEMI, NSTEMI and UA. Methods: An economic model based on results from the PLATO trial was used to evaluate the cost-effectiveness of one-year therapy with ticagrelor or clopidogrel. The structure of the model consisted of two parts, i.e. the decision tree with one-year PLATO results and the Markov model with lifelong estimations, which exceeded PLATO follow-up data. The model was adjusted to Polish settings with country-specific data on death rates in the general population and direct medical costs calculated from the public payer's perspective. Costs were derived from the National Health Fund (NHF) and the Ministry of Health and presented in PLN 2013 values. Annual mean costs of second and subsequent years after stroke or MI were obtained from the literature. Uncertainty of assumed parameters was tested in scenarios and probabilistic sensitivity analyses. The adopted model allowed the estimation of an incremental cost-effectiveness ratio for life years gained (LYG) and an incremental cost-utility ratio for quality adjusted life years (QALY). Results: Total direct medical costs to the public payer at a one year horizon were 2,905 PLN higher with ticagrelor than with clopidogrel. However, mean healthcare costs at a one year horizon (excluding drug costs and concomitant drugs) were 690 PLN higher for patients treated with clopidogrel. In a lifetime horizon, results indicated that ticagrelor was the more cost-effective option compared to generic clopidogrel, with an incremental cost per LYG estimated at 21,566 PLN and an incremental cost per QALY estimated at 24,965 PLN. Conclusions: In a lifetime horizon, which should be used when comparing technologies with different impacts on mortality, cost-effectiveness evaluation resulted in more favourable economic outcomes for ticagrelor than for generic clopidogrel, with the cost per QALY well below the recommended willingness to pay threshold in Poland (24,965 PLN vs. 111,381 PLN). ER  - 
C34T P2Y12 ADP receptor polymorphism and smoking status: Effects on cardiovascular outcome in patients with coronary artery disease receiving clopidogrel$$$ Purpose: The clinical benefit of clopidogrel has been attributed to its inhibition of platelet activation and aggregation. We tested the combined impact of smoking status and C34T polymorphism of P2Y12 adenosine diphosphate (ADP) receptor on cardiovascular outcome in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) receiving clopidogrel. Methods: We consecutively enrolled 229 patients with CAD, receiving clopidogrel regimen (75mg/d), one month after PCI. C34T genotyping was performed by real-time polymerase chain reaction. Patients were followed for a mean time of 19 (range 3 to 40) months. The primary composite endpoint was death from cardiovascular causes, nonfatal myocardial infarction and hospitalization for unstable angina or stroke. Subjects smoking at least one cigarette per day were categorized as smokers and the rest as non smokers. Results: The mean age of the participants was 62±10 years and 23% were active smokers. In the total study population, 124 patients (54%) were carriers of at least one C34T reduced-function allele and 105 patients (46%) were non carriers. The primary end point occurred in 21% of the non smokers and 40% of smokers and the hazard ratio (HR) for smokers compared to non smokers was (HR=2.4, 95%CI: 1.05 to 5.60, p=0.03). In order to investigate time dependency of smoking habits in the occurrence of primary endpoint we conducted stratified to C34T polymorphism Cox regression analysis after adjustment for age and sex. Interestingly in carriers of at least one C34T allele, smoking was significantly associated with the occurrence of primary end point (for smokers HR=, 95%CI: 1.05 to 6.11, p=0.04) while in subjects without a C34T allele smoking was not associated with the occurrence of primary end point (HR=0.87, 95%CI: 0.21 to 3.65, p=0.86). Conclusion: Smoking is associated with adverse cardiovascular outcome in CAD patients after PCI receiving clopidogrel, especially in carriers of at least one C34T reduced function allele. These findings highlight the possible interplay between polymorphisms affecting the P2Y12 ADP receptors activity and smoking in CAD patients under clopidogrel treatment. ER  - 
A tailored antiplatelet strategy in STEMI patients based on CYP2C19 genotyping is feasible in daily practice-POPular Genetics study$$$ Rationale: Treatment with dual antiplatelet therapy (aspirin plus clopidogrel, pra- sugrel or ticagrelor) is essential to prevent atherothrombotic events in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention (pPCI). Although ticagrelor and prasugrel reduce thrombotic events compared to clopidogrel, they increase bleeding risk and costs. Clopidogrel effectiveness varies between patients, partially according to differences in CYP2C19 drug metabolism, but in the subset of CYP2C19 ∗1/∗1 (extensive metabolizer) patients clopidogrel seems equally effective than the newer drugs, with less costs and possibly less bleeding events. The POPular Genetics study tests the hypothesis that CYP2C19 genotype guided antiplatelet is noninferior to the use of ticagrelor or prasugrel, for the combined endpoint of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis and TIMI major bleeding. However, it is questioned if routine genotyping shortly after pPCI is feasible in daily practice. Methods: All patients randomized to the genotyping arm of the ongoing open label, multicenter POPular Genetics study (NCT01761786) were included in this analysis. For every patient a buccal swab or blood sample was obtained during or shortly after pPCI to perform genotyping, using the SPARTAN RX point-of-care device, a validated in-house TaqMan StepOnePlus assay or shipment to a study site with genotyping equipment. P2Y12 inhibitors were prescribed according to local protocol and subsequently adjusted according to the genotyping results: clopidogrel in CYP2C19 ∗1/∗1 patients and ticagrelor or prasugrel in patients carrying 1 or more ∗2 or ∗3 (loss-of-function) alleles. Results: A total of 669 patients were included in 4 study sites until November 2013. Of those patients, 331 were randomized to the genotyping group, with CYP2C19 ∗1∗/1 in 232 (70.1%), ∗1/∗2 in 91 (27.5%), ∗1/∗3 in 1 (0.3%) and ∗2/∗2 in 7 (2.1%) patients, resp. The time between pPCI and the genotyping result was on average 20:44 hours (range 1:50 -168:49 hours), with 77.4% of results available within 24 hours after pPCI and 92.4% within 48 hours. The P2Y12 inhibitor was switched according to genotyping result in 47.4% of patients, 28x to ticagrelor or prasugrel and 129x to clopidogrel. Conclusion: The ongoing POPular Genetics study shows that it is feasible to tailor antiplatelet treatment in STEMI patients within 24-48hours after pPCI according to CYP2C19 metabolizer status in the vast majority of patients. The efficacy, safety and cost-effectiveness of a tailored antiplatelet strategy are under evaluation. ER  - 
Impact on clinical outcome of high/low on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity according to concordant platelet function tests$$$ Objectives: To evaluate the impact of high and low on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity (HPR/LPR) on clinical outcome according to the number of concordant platelet function tests (PFT). Methods: HPR and LPR were prospectively identified in 624 patients exposed to a maintenance dose of aspirin and clopidogrel for at least 7 days having at least 2 different PFT techniques performed simultaneously. HPR and LPR were defined as VASP PRI ≥50% / <15%, P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) ≥208 / <86 (VerifyNowP2Y12 assay) or a residual platelet aggregation (RPA) ≥46.2% / <10% (light transmission aggregometry), respectively. The primary composite end point of all-cause mortality, non-fatal myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, sudden cardiac death, urgent revascularization, and stroke was analyzed according to agreement between PFT. Bleeding complications were categorized according to BARC. Results: Mean follow up on-treatment was 476±325 days. HPR was identified in 278 (45%) patients of whom 142 (23%) according to one PFT only, 86 (14%) and 50 (8%) according to two and three PFT, respectively. Independent predictors of HPR, defined as at least one positive PFT, were diabetes status and carriage of the loss-of-function allele CYP2C19∗2. The primary endpoint occurred in 3.8% of the patients with good response as compared to 9.0% of the patients with HPR defined as at least one positive PFT (OR 2.53, 95% CI 1.27-5.05, p=0.007). There was a stepwise increase in the rate of the primary endpoint according to the number of PFT demonstrating HPR (7.7% vs. 7.0% vs. 16.0% according to 1, 2 and 3 concordant tests, respectively, p for trend = 0.0054). The presence of 3 concordant tests remained independently associated with the occurrence of the primary endpoint during follow up after multiple adjustments (adjusted OR 3.62, CI 1.49-8.81). The primary safety endpoint did not differ significantly according to LPR status and according to the number of PFT demonstrating LPR. Conclusions: Multiple testing may reflect better the complexity of platelet function, improving the specificity of HPR and prediction of future cardiovascular ischemic events. This finding should deserve consideration in future clinical trials of personalized antiplatelet therapy. ER  - 
Incremental usefulness of genetic testing of clopidogrel therapy over conventional clinical risk factors for prediction of major cardiovascular events after drug-eluting stent implantation$$$ Purpose: To determine a incremental prognostic value of combined status of ABCB1 3435C->T and CYP2C19 variant allele on major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCE) over clinical risk factors using C-statistic and novel risk reclassification metrics (NRI: net reclassification index, IDI: integrated discrimination improvement) in a real-world PCI cohort taking clopidogrel. Method:We consecutively enrolled 2188 patients undergoing PCI. For CYP2C19 genotype, patients were classified into 3 groups: extensive (EM, ∗1/∗1,∗/∗17), intermediate (IM, ∗1/∗2,∗1/∗3), poor (PM, ∗2/∗2,∗2/∗3,∗3/∗3) metabolizer. For ABCB1 3435C>T, patients were stratified into CC,CT,TT. To assess combined effect of both genetic variants, patients were stratified into 4 groups according to the presence of CYP2C19 PM and ABCB1 TT: non-CYP2C19 PM + non-ABCB1 TT, non- CYP2C19 PM + ABCB1 TT, CYP2C19 PM + non-ABCB1 TT, CYP2C19 PM + ABCB1 TT. The primary endpoint was the composite of 1-year MACCE including any death,nonfatal MI or stroke. Results: On multivariate Cox analysis, when combined 4 genetic categories were incorporated into the clinical model, patients with both CYP2C19 PM and ABCB1 TT had 5-fold higher hazard of MACCE (HR: 5.06; 95%CI: 2.12 to 12.09; p<0.001) than carriers of neither. However, the addition of genetic variant neither yield further improvement in predictive performance in model (C-statistic: clinical model, 0.782; clinical + genetic model, 0.788; difference, 0.006; p=0.66) nor reclassification of individual at risk (model IDI, 0.002 [95% CI: -0.001 to 0.04; p=0.06], relative IDI, 0.269 [95%CI: 0.26 to 0.27; p=0.17], continuous NRI, 0.126 [95% CI: 0.001-0.25; p=0.28],NRI categories, 0.039 [95%CI: -0.02 to 0.09; p=0.20]). Conclusions: Although the combined status of CYP2C19 and ABCB1 3435 C>T variant alleles was strong independent predictor for 1-year MACCE, it was not a useful marker for prediction of MACCE over conventional clinical risk factors in a real-world PCI cohort taking clopidogrel (Table Presented). ER  - 
Clopidogrel tailored therapy in elderly patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention for acute coronary syndrome: The responsiveness to clopidogrel and stent thrombosis 2- ACS (RECLOSE 2-ACS$$$ Purpose: Clopidogrel is still the most used P2Y12 inhibitor in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients ≥75 years, and prasugrel therapy is relatively contraindicated in these subjects. High residual platelet reactivity (HRPR) on clopidogrel has been associated with high risk of ischemic events after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Old age is a strong predictor of both HRPR on clopidogrel and bleeding events. The aim of this study was to evaluate the clinical outcomes after clopidogrel tailored antiplatelet therapy in ACS elderly (≥75 years) patients. Methods: Residual platelet reactivity was assessed 12 to 24 h after clopidogrel 600 mg loading dose by light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) in 1789 consecutive ACS patients undergoing PCI. Patients with HRPR (≥70%) received a tailored therapy, generally based on an increased clopidogrel maintenance dose (150-300 mg/d). The primary end point was the composite of cardiac death, myocardial infarction, any urgent coronary revascularization, and stroke at 2-year follow-up. Results: Among enrolled patients, 665 (37%) had ≥75 years. HRPR rate was 19% vs 11% in the elderly and non elderly group, respectively (p<0.0001). After tailored antiplatelet therapy in patients with HRPR, LTA test result was not different in the 2 study groups (62±15% and 65±14% in the elderly and non elderly, p=0.219). At 2-year follow-up, primary end-point rate was 14% vs 11% (p<0.0001), cardiac death rate was 8% vs 3% (p<0.0001) and stent thrombosis rate 4.4% vs 2.7% (p=0.049) in elderly vs non elderly patients, respectively. In elderly patients, cardiac death rates was 13% vs 7% (p=0.017) in patients with and without HRPR. Conclusions: Among ACS patients treated with clopidogrel after PCI, elderly patients were more likely to experience HRPR on clopidogrel than younger patients. Moreover, HRPR status in elderly patients is significantly associated with increased risk of ischemic events, cardiac death and stent thrombosis even after increased clopidogrel dose according to the results of platelet function tests. ER  - 
Comparison of laboratory efficacy of P2Y12 receptor antagonists and predictors of high on-treatment platelet reactivity$$$ Objective: To compare the laboratory efficacy of P2Y12 receptor antagonists and to identify predictors of high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) in patients with an acute coronary syndrome treated with stent-PCI. Methods: An analysis of PCI-VASP “all-comer” registry was performed. Efficacy of P2Y12 receptor antagonists was measured by phosphorylation of VASP 24±4 hours after a loading dose (LD) of clopidogrel (600mg), prasugrel (60mg) and ticagrelor (180mg), and expressed through a platelet reactivity index (PRI). High on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) was defined as PRI ≥50%. Results: Study group consisted of 589 patients who received clopidogrel (N=407, age 67±12.9 ys, 63.6% males), prasugrel (N=106, age 61.8±11.7 ys, 71.4% males) or ticagrelor (N=76, age 65.8±13.3 ys, 67.1% males). Patients selected for therapy with prasugrel were significantly younger than those who received clopidogrel (p=0.001). Mean PRI was 44.2±23.1% after clopidogrel, 17.7±18.0% after prasugrel, and 18.8±17.0% after ticagrelor; p<0.001 for comparison of clopidogrel vs. prasugrel, and clopidogrel vs. ticagrelor, resp.). Proportion of patients with HTPR was 42.2% in clopidogrel group, 9.4% in prasugrel group, and 7.9% in ticagrelor group; p<0.001 for comparison of clopidogrel vs. prasugrel, and clopidogrel vs. ticagrelor, resp.). From multiple variables∗ tested in prediction of HTPR, we found that HTPR was in ticagrelor treated patients significantly related to the platelet count (p=0.014), mean platelet volume (p=0.029) and multivessel disease (p=0.023). HTPR in patients treated with prasugrel was significatly related only to the mean platelet volume (p=0.02). ∗variables included in the model: age, gender, BMI; history of: hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, MI, CABG, PAD, stroke, family history of CAD, cigarette smoking, CKD; therapy with: statin, ACEI, betablocker; single vs. multivessel disease, number of implanted stents; serum urea, creatinin, estimated GFR, hemoglobin, platelet count, mean platelet volume. Conclusion: Residual platelet reactivity and proportion of patients with HTPR after LD of prasugrel/ticagrelor were significantly lower than after LD of clopidogrel. Factors known as predictors of higher platet reactivity did not influence efficacy of new generation of P2Y12 receptor antagonists. Family history of coronary artery disease platelet count and mean platelet volume were the single variables significantly related to HTPR in patients treated with prasugrel/ticagrelor. ER  - 
ABCB1 hypomethylation is associated with decreased antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel in Chinese ishcemic stroke patients$$$ Aim: To investigate the methylation status of ABCB1 gene promoter in whole blood of patients with ischemic stroke in relation to ABCB1 mRNA expressions and the antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel. Methods: This study was a prospective cohort analysis of eligible stroke patients (n = 183, aged 18∼75 years) who received clopidogrel (75 mg/day) for at least 5 days before discharge. A final subcohort of 87 patients with CYP2C19∗1/∗1 genotype were enrolled in the study population. The whole blood samples were obtained to evaluate the promoter methylation status and mRNA expression of ABCB1. Pyrosequencing was carried out to investigate ABCB1 gene methylation status, Total RNA was extracted from the whole blood and ABCB1 mRNA expression was evaluated by Quantitative PCR (qPCR). The antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel was evaluated by detection of maximum platelet aggregation (MPA). Patients were grouped in quartiles of MPA values (Q1, Q2, Q3 and Q4, MPAQ1 <14.1%, MPAQ4 >35.4%). Results: The methylation status of the ABCB1 promoter was 1.8 times in the Q1 MPA group (10.1%±2.4%) than in the Q4 MPA group (5.5%±2.1%) (P < 0.001). ABCB1 methylation correlated inversely with MPA (R = -0.764, P < 0.001) and mRNA expression (R = -0.839, P < 0.001), respectively. Results of a multivariate linear regression model demonstrated that ABCB1 methylation was independently associated with MPA (βcoefficient = -4.71, P < 0.001). ABCB1 expression was 0.62 times in the Q1 MPA group (5.3%±1.4%) than in the Q4 MPA (8.5%±2.5%), and the expression of ABCB1 correlated positively with ADP-induced MPA (R = 0.791, P < 0.001). Conclusions: Hypomethylation of ABCB1 promoter is associated with the decreased response to clopidogrel in ischemic stroke patients via increased ABCB1 mRNA expression. ER  - 
How to test the effect of aspirin and clopidogrel in patients on dual antiplatelet therapy?$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel and aspirin is currently the standard therapy in high-risk patients for the prevention of recurrent ischemic events. Our aim was to determine which laboratory tests, used for the detection of clopidogrel, are affected by aspirin and which laboratory tests, used for the detection of aspirin are influenced by clopidogrel. Study population included 111 patients with the history of ischemic stroke being on clopidogrel monotherapy for at least one month. Among these patients, 62 showed good response to the drug as demonstrated by flow cytometric analysis of vasodilator stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) phosphorylation and a newly developed P2Y12 receptor specific aggregation method in which ADP-induced aggregation is performed on prostaglandin E1 treated platelets (ADP[PGE1]). Laboratory tests routinely used for the detection of aspirin effect (ADP-, collagen-, epinephrine-, arachidonic acid (AA) induced platelet aggregation and secretion, PFA-100 assay, VerifyNow ASA test and AA-induced thromboxane B2 (TXB2) production in platelet rich plasma) were carried out on samples obtained from these patients. The other arm of the study involved 52 patients with coronary artery disease being on aspirin monotherapy for at least one month. These patients showed good response to aspirin as demonstrated by the AA-induced platelet aggregation and TXB2 production. Methods used for testing the effect of clopidogrel were performed on samples obtained from these patients. Besides, all tests were carried out on samples from 140 healthy volunteers to determine diagnostic cut-offs. Of the methods used for detecting the effect of aspirin, clopidogrel monotherapy significantly inhibited all aggregation and secretion tests including tests using AA as agonist. AA-induced TXB2 production was also decreased (p < 0.001). VASP phosphorylation and AA-induced platelet aggregation showed a surprisingly fair correlation in patients taking clopidogrel only (r = 0.49, p < 0.001). Clopidogrel therapy did not inhibit the VerifyNow ASA test. Of the methods used for testing clopidogrel resistance, aspirin monotherapy influenced ADP induced platelet aggregation and secretion (p < 0.001), but did not have an effect on VASP phosphorylation and on the ADP[PGE1] aggregation test. According to our results, for testing patients on dual antiplatelet therapy, the VerifyNow ASA, VASP phosphorylation and ADP[PGE1] aggregation tests could be recommended. ER  - 
Relevance of CYP2C19*2 regarding platelet reactivity in patients with acute coronary syndrome treated with clopidogrel$$$ Background and objective Previous studies have shown that the metabolism of P2Y12 receptor blockers is influenced not only by CYP2C19*2 but also by PON1-Q192R alelles. We aimed to evaluate the impact of CYP2C19*2 and PON1-Q192R polymorphisms carriage in platelet reactivity and clinical outcome in patients with ischemic heart disease undergoing cardiac catheterization. Patients and method We recruited prospectively patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing cardiac catheterization (n = 247). We evaluated the genotype (CYP2C19*2, CYP2C19*17, PON1-Q192R) with TaqMan® assay and platelet aggregometry in all patients. We assessed both in and out-of-hospital events (unstable angina, periprocedural and spontaneous myocardial infarction, myocardial infarction, all-cause death, stent thrombosis and stroke) during follow-up. Results Carriers of CYP2C19*2 alleles showed a significant higher residual platelet reactivity (PRU, mean [SD], 252 [76] vs. 287 [74], P =.002). Carriers of PON1-Q192R CT(RQ) and TT(QQ) alleles and CYP2C19*17 did not present a different response to clopidogrel. In a multivariable setting for the prediction of platelet reactivity, the contribution of CYP2C19*2 was modest (Wald = 7.5; odds ratio [OR] for ≥1 alelle*2 = 2,786, 95% confidence interval [95% CI] 1,337-5,808). Independent predictors were baseline hemoglobin levels (g/dL, OR.666, 95% CI.555-.801) and the use of statins (OR.376, 95% CI.162-.873). Body mass index was a risk factor (OR 1,074, CI 95% 1,005-1,148). Studied polymorphisms did not predict an adverse outcome. Conclusions CYP2C19*2 polymorphism influenced moderately platelet reactivity but did not show an impact on clinical outcome in patients with acute coronary syndrome. Neither CYP2C19*17 nor PON1-Q192R polymorphisms showed an impact upon platelet reactivity or outcome. © 2013 Elsevier Espana, S.L. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Prevalence of antiplatelet drug resistance in Asian community$$$ Clopidogrel, in combination with Aspirin, is currently the standard of care for patients undergoing PCI. Many clinical trials have shown that, in high-risk patients, prolonged dual antiplatelet treatment is more effective than Aspirin alone in preventing MACE. However, despite the use of such therapy, a considerable number of patients continue to have recurrent thrombotic events. Clopidogrel is the commonly used P2 Y12 receptor antagonist used in the treatment of ischemic heart disease and stroke.. Poor metabolizers treated with Clopidogrel exhibit higher cardiovascular event rates. Asian population has been found to show higher resistance to Clopidrogrel. 151 consecutive patients who underwent coronary angioplasty for acute coronary syndrome were selected for the study. All patients had 300 mg Aspirin and 600 mg for Clopidogrel as loading dose. 150 mg Aspirin and 75 mg twice daily of Clopidogrel were given as the maintenance dose. VerifyNow point of care platelet function study were done 5 days after starting of Clopidogrel. Aspirin resistance was defined as more 550 aspirin resistance units and Clopidogrel resistance is defined more than 213 platelets resistance units. Result: 84.8 % were male subjects 15.2% were women. 50.3 % were diabetics. 27.2% patients were Aspirin resistant and 33.8% were resistant to Clopidogrel. 7% showed dual antiplatelet resistance. Clopidogrel resistance was more common in female (P value <0.001). Clopidogrel resistance was significantly more common than Aspirin resistance in diabetic subjects. Conclusion: Aspirin and Clopidogrel resistance are common in Asian population. It is surprising that correlation between Aspirin / Clopidogrel resistance, genetic polymorphism, and clinical data do not correlate to explain the long term benefits of drug therapy. ER  - 
Poor response to thienopyridines and thrombotic recurrent events in patients with ischemic heart disease$$$ Objectives: Thienopyridines (clopidogrel and prasugrel) are prodrugs that irreversibly bind to P2Y12 ADP receptor and inhibit platelet aggregation. Poor response to thienopyridines is a multifactorial phenomenon characterized by platelet hyperactivity, identified by ADPinduced platelet aggregation. Thienopyridines poor response has been related with thrombotic recurrent events. The aim of this study was to identify the relationship between thienopyridines poor response and thrombotic recurrent events in patients with ischemic heart disease. Methods: A total of 400 patients who underwent a percutaneous coronary intervention were included. To establish the thienopyridines poor responders we performed a 10 μmol L-1 ADP-induced platelet aggregation test. The patients were follow-up during 2 years to determinate recurrent thrombotic events, considered as cardiac death, stroke, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis and nuclear medicine imagingdefined silent ischemia. Results: A hundred and one patients were lost during follow up. We found that 25% of the patients showed thienopyridines poor response and 13.4% developed a thrombotic recurrent event. The 20% of the thrombotic events corresponded to silent ischemia which was directly associated with clopidogrel poor response (Fisher exact test P = 0.031). To provide a relative risk of a thrombotic recurrent event we performed a Cox proportional-hazard model, results showed that clopidogrel poor response and hypertension had a risk of 11 and 35 (P = 0.02 and P = 0.01) respectively. Conclusion: Clopidogrel poor response is related to thrombotic events especially to silent ischemia that points out to the extension of the myocardial tissue damage, this clinical information can lead to an appropriate forward treatment. We suggest that nuclear medicine imagine-defined silent ischemia could be considered as an important study variable for further studies. ER  - 
Bivalirudin in percutaneous coronary intervention: The EUROpean BiValIrudin UtiliSatION in Practice (EUROVISION) Registry$$$ Purpose The prospective EUROVISION Registry was designed to capture patterns of use and short term outcomes in consecutive patients undergoing PCI with bivalirudin (BIV) in European centres. Methods A total of 2018 consecutive BIV-treated patients were included from 58 sites in 5 countries (Germany, Italy, France, Austria, United Kingdom). In-hospital and 30-day outcomes were prospectively collected and included: death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, urgent revascularization (URV), major and minor bleeding, stent thrombosis (ST) and thrombocytopenia (TCP). Results In this all-comer population, indication for PCI included STEMI (34%), NSTEMI (25%), unstable angina (16%) and stable angina (26%). Diabetes was present in 24% of patients and 30% of cases were performed via radial access. Preloading with a P2Y12 inhibitor was frequent (74%) while procedural glycoprotein inhibitor (GPI) use was low at 4.2%. Almost half (45%) of patients had received at least one additional anticoagulant prior to receiving BIV for PCI. The overall 30-day mortality was 1.0%, with low rates of MI (1.1%), URV (0.8%), ST (0.3%) and stroke (0.2%). The rate of ACUITY major bleeding was 1.6% and no TCP was reported. Dosing variations representing possible under- or over-dosing of BIV were frequent at 35%. Conclusion In this prospective registry of consecutive patients intended for PCI, use of BIV was associated with low rates of ischemic complications and excellent safety. © 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. ER  - 
Effect of PON1 Q192R allele Q in restenosis of carotid and intracranial stents$$$ Background: Treatment with Clopidogrel is the usual therapy to prevent restenosis of the carotid and intracranial stents. Clopidogrel is a prodrug that requires biotransformation to an active metabolite. Recent research suggests that the Q allele of paraoxonase-1 (PON 1) is less able to convert Clopidogrel to its active metabolite. We investigated the effect of PON 1 genotype QQ192 in patients with stents. Methods: 53 patiens with implacement of stent was studied along 3 months: 40 internal carotid artery, 10 middle cerebral artery and 3 basilar artery. During this time the subjects were treated with Clopidogrel. Rs662 variant (A/G), which determines the change of aminoacid 192 in the PON1 (A = Q192, G = R192) protein was genotyped with TaqMan probes. QQ192 PON1 genotype was considered as hazardous. Results: PON1 Q192R genotyping showed that 25 subjects were homozygous PON1 QQ192, 24 heterozygous PON1 QR192, and 4 homozygous PON1 RR192. After 3 months follow-up, 7 patients had suffered significant stenosis (> 50 %) of the stent, and 5 of them were homozygous PON1 QQ192. The mean comparison analysis showed no statistically significant differences between the two genetic groups. Conclusions: In this preliminary examination, the PON1 Q192R variant does not alter the risk of stenosis of the carotid and intracranial stents at 3 months. A bigger sample size is necessary to find possible significative results. ER  - 
Correlation between laboratory markers and occurrence of new brain ischemic lesions in patients undergoing carotid stenting. A prospective pilot study$$$ Background: New brain ischemic lesions are detected in about 50% of patients undergoing carotid artery stenting (CAS). The aim was to assess correlation between selected laboratory markers and occurrence of new brain infarctions after CAS. Methods: All consecutive patients 1) with internal carotid artery stenosis >70%, 2) indicated to CAS, 3) with signed informed consent were enrolled to the prospective study during 16 months. All patients used dual antiplatelet therapy (acetylsalicylic acid [ASA] 100 mg + Clopidogrel 75 mg per day) at least 7 days before CAS. Neurological examination and brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) were performed before and 24 hours after CAS in all patients. Venous blood samples were collected within 24 hours before CAS in all patients: hematology + reticulocytes, coagulation markers (PT, APTT, INR, Fbg, Clauss), vWF antigen, PAI-1 activity, PAI-1 polymorphism 4G/g, Multiplate (ASA and Clopidogrel resistance test). Blood samples for the assessment of anti Xa activity were collected during CAS. T-test was used for statistical evaluation. Results: The set consisted of 54 patients (39 males; mean age 66.1 ± 7.4 years). New ischemic brain infarctions on follow-up MRI were found in 33 (61.1%) patients - in 15 (45.5%) cases in both hemispheres. New ischemic brain infarctions ≥0.5 cm3 were found in 6(11.1%) patients. No statistically significant correlation was found between laboratory markers and occurrence of new brain infarctions (both <0.5 cm3 and ≥0.5 cm3). No resistance to ASA and 11.6% resistance to Clopidogrel (in 5 patients - 2 with and 3 without new ischemic brain lesions) were found. Conclusion: In the presented study, no correlation was found between selected laboratory markers and occurrence of new brain ischemic lesions in patients undergoing CAS. ER  - 
Response to Clopidogrel and its association with chronic kidney disease in noncardiogenic ischemic stroke patients$$$ Background: Noncardiogenic ischemic stroke patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) are known to have a greater rate of ischemic stroke recurrence than those without. Although Clopidogrel is often used to prevent the recurrence of noncardiogenic ischemic stroke, the relationship between the response to Clopidogrel and CKD is unclear. In the present study, the relationship between the response to Clopidogrel and the presence of CKD was investigated in noncardiogenic ischemic stroke patients. Methods: A total of 129 noncardiogenic ischemic stroke patients receiving 75 mg/day of Clopidogrel for ≥1 week were evaluated. The VerifyNow P2Y12 Assay was used to measure the level of platelet aggregation induced by 20 μM of adenosine diphosphate, and the degree of platelet aggregation and frequency of Clopidogrel resistance were compared between 34 patients with CKD and 95 patients without CKD. Clopidogrel resistance was defined as a P2Y12 Reaction Units (PRU) value of >230 and/or % inhibition <20%. Results: The PRU value was 201.9+/-91.3 in the patients with CKD and 163.3+/-86.4 in the patients without CKD (p=0.035). The frequency of a PRU value of >230 was 44.1% (15 patients) among the patients with CKD and 17.9% (17 patients) among those without CKD (p=0.002). The percent inhibition was 29.9%+/-28.1% among the patients with CKD and 41. l%+/-28.0% among the patients without CKD (p=0.030). The frequency of % inhibition <20% was 47.1% (16 patients) among the patients with CKD and 26.3% (25 patients) among those without CKD (p=0.026). Conclusion: The present study showed that noncardiogenic ischemic stroke patients with CKD have a greater frequency of Clopidogrel resistance, thus suggesting that the response to Clopidogrel is diminished in these patients. ER  - 
Pharmacogenetic based algorithm of testing Clopidogrel resistance after stroke$$$ Introduction: Clopidogrel is cornerstone of stroke prevention. Relatively frequent high on-treatment platelet reactivity (resistance) complicates its use. Various ex-vivo platelet function tests have been associated with an increase in adverse ischemic events. Unfortunately there are concerns associated with poor repeatability and specificity. Complementary alternative is pharmacogenetics (PG). Carriers of CYP2C19 loss of function alleles have increased platelet aggregation. One of the main advantages of PG in stroke patients compared to platelet testing is the unambiguousness of results and that it can be obtained in acute care setting before the treatment is started. The risk is clearly defined for homozygotes (∗2/∗2), situation is less clear in heterozygotes (∗1/∗2). Aim of study: To determine relationship between light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) and heterozygous status of allelle ∗2 of gene CYP2C19 in non-cardioembolic stroke patients on Clopidogrel monotherapy. Methods: Consenting patients after non-cardioembolic stroke indicated to Clopidogrel were genotyped for CYP2C19 (∗1∗2). Homozygotes (∗2/∗2) were excluded, wild type (wt, ∗1/∗1) and heterozygotes (∗l/∗2) were started on Clopidogrel. ADP-induced LTA was performed after a stabilization period. Poor response was defined as a %max of ≥35% after 10μM ADR Results: 78 patients, mean age 63.1 (30-88) years, 45 (57.7%) men were enrolled. 33 (42.3%) patients were heterozygotes, 45 (57.7%) were wild type. 14/33 (42.4%) heterozygotes were resistant in LTA compared to 6/45 (13.3%) wt patients. Correlation between CYP2C19 genotype and LTA was moderate (r=0.329, p=0.004). ROC analysis gave area under the curve 0.675 (95% CLO. 564-0.781, p=0.008). Conclusion: Although newer P2Y12 inhibitors (ticagrelor, prasugrel) can overcome Clopidogrel unresponsiveness, their unselected use after ischemic stroke is problematic due to higher risk of bleeding, increased cost or contraindication after stroke (prasugrel). In stroke care seems PG testing and treatment individualization (switch ∗2/∗2, test LTA in ∗l/∗2, do not test LTA in wt) reasonable over whole population approach. ER  - 
Comparative antiplatelet aggregation effect of two clopidogrel products under steady state condition in healthy volunteers$$$ Background: Clopidogrel is widely used in patients who have experienced thrombotic events. Many of generic Clopidogrel products are now available in the market. Since different isoforms of Clopidogrel have been used for manufacturing of the reference and generic products, the antiplatele aggregation effect of generic products have been raised. Objective: The aim of this study was to compare the antiplatelet aggregation effect of the generic and the reference Clopidogrel product at steady state condition when given as a multiple dose. Methods: A randomized two-way crossover, two treatment, two period, two sequence study was conducted in Thai healthy volunteers. The volunteers were randomly assigned to receive the generic Clopidogrel product or the reference Clopidogrel as a 75 mg once daily for 7 days with a 2-week washout period. Blood samples were collected at pre-dose, 2, 3,4, 8, and 24 hr after the last dose administered. The antiplatelet aggregation effect was determined using the VerifyNow® P2Y12 assay (Accumetrics, San Diego, California USA). The maximal antiplatelet effect (Emax) and the areas under the time-antiplatelet effect curve (AUEC0-24hr) were used to evaluate antiplatelet aggregation effect of these products. Results: Twenty-one subjects were enrolled in this study. The mean + SD values for Emax and AUEC0-24hr of the generic Clopidogrel product were 53.95 +21.88 % inhibition, 1113.12 +558.45 %inhibition•hr. These were similar to those values observed with the reference Clopidogrel product (57.81 + 25.32 %inhibition, 1136.76 + 625.68 %inhibition•hr). The mean Tmax values of these two products were not statistically significant different. The 90% CIs for the ratios of the log-transformed for Emax and AUEC0-24hr values were within the 80% to 125%. In addition, the percentages of fluctuation of antiplatelet aggregation effect of these two products were not statistically significant different (56.28 + 63.12 % vs 62.27 +96.25%). Conclusion: The results from this study revealed that there was no significant difference in the antiplatelet aggregation effect between the studied generic and the reference Clopidogrel products. ER  - 
Assessment of platelet thrombus formation in patients with carotid disease administered clopidogrel$$$ Background: Many studies have demonstrated that high residual platelet function in patients administered clopidogrel is associated with cardiovascular events, although, the majority of those studies examined the patients with coronary artery disease. We studied platelet function in patients with ischemic stroke treated by clopidogrel, and compared residual platelet function according to the severity of carotid disease. Methods: We measured platelet aggregation induced by ADP, VerifyNow P2Y12 assay (PRU), phosphorylation of vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (PRI), platelet-leukocyte complex (PLC), and platelet p-selectin expression (PS) in 30 patients with ischemic stroke administered clopidogrel (21 males and 9 females, mean age was 65 years). We also measured platelet thrombus formation under arterial flow conditions using newly developed microchip-based flow chamber system. In this system, platelet thrombus formation was analyzed by measuring flow pressure changes due to occlusion of microchip and was quantified by calculating area under the flow pressure curve (AUC). Each marker was compared between patients with severe carotid stenosis (15 cases) and those with mild to moderate carotid stenosis (15 cases). Results: Platelet function tests such as percentages of platelet aggregation induced by ADP, PRU, PRI, and PS was not significantly different between different severities of carotid stenosis. On the other hand, AUC values and PLC of patients with severe major carotid stenosis were significantly higher than those with mild to moderate stenosis. Conclusions: These results suggested that clopidogrel inhibits platelet aggregation irrespective of the severity of carotid stenosis. On the other hand, platelet thrombus formation under arterial flow conditions and platelet leukocyte interactions were higher in patients with severe carotid stenosis than those with mild to moderate stenosis. ER  - 
Platelet reactivity study in patients undergoing TAVI$$$ Aims: Transcatheter aortic-valve implantation (TAVI) has been associated with 2-5% risk of peri-procedural stroke. Several mechanisms were proposed for the stroke risk including a pro-thrombotic state and embolisation of calcified material from the aortic valve. Accordingly, it is common to administer dual anti-platelet treatment (DAPT) for 3-6 months following TAVI. The biologic response to aspirin and clopidogrel is heterogeneous, and low response, known as high on treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) may be associated with adverse thrombotic events, including stroke. The prevalence of HTPR in patients undergoing TAVI has not been yet reported. Therefore, we aimed to assess the variability in response and rates of HTPR in patients undergoing TAVI. Methods and results: We examined platelet reactivity and response to clopidogrel and aspirin using the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay and the multiple electrode aggregometry assay (Multiplate analyser) in response to ADP and arachidonic acid in patients who underwent TAVI at 3 different time points: baseline, 1-2 days following the procedure and 30 day follow-up. Our preliminary results include 22 consecutive high risk patients with severe aortic stenosis (mean age 81±5.7, 68.2% women) who underwent successful TAVI. Prior to the procedure 15 (68.2%) patients were chronically treated with aspirin and 8 (36.4%) with clopidogrel. HTPR rates for both aspirin and clopidogrel were high prior to TAVI and early after the procedure, but improved significantly 30 days after TAVI. According to the multiplate analyser, HTPR rates for aspirin were 20% at baseline, 12% 1 to 2 days after the procedure and none at 30 days (P=0.4). Conclusions: Patients undergoing TAVI for severe aortic stenosis and treated with DAPT have high rates of HTPR during the peri-procedural period, which subside profoundly after 1 month. These novel findings should be confirmed and expanded but may have clinical implications for the anti-platelet management of these patients. ER  - 
Clopidogrel enhances platelet responsiveness to aspirin$$$ OBJECTIVE: The present data examines platelet responsiveness to ASA in 33 secondary stroke prophylaxis patients treated with ASA alone versus the same dose of ASA in combination with clopidogrel.BACKGROUND: Aspirin (ASA) and clopidogrel, which are commonly used for secondary stroke prophylaxis, inhibit platelet aggregation by blocking the COX 1 enzyme and ADP receptors, respectively.DESIGN/METHODS: Platelet response was assessed using whole blood aggregation. ASA effect was measured in ohms of resistance to collagen 1 μg/mL and arachidonic acid (AA) 0.5mM. Platelet non-responsiveness to ASA was defined as >10 ohms of resistance to collagen 1 μg/ml and/or an ohms ratio of collagen 1 μg/ml to collagen 5 μg/ml >0.5 and/or > 6 ohms of resistance to AA. Patients were excluded if they were concomitantly taking NSAIDs with ASA or were noncompliant as determined by lack of salicylates in their urine the day of testing.RESULTS: The mean aggregation to collagen 1 μg/mL decreased from 10.24±5.82 ohms on ASA alone to 4.24±2.42 ohms on ASA and clopidogrel (paired t-test p<0.001). The mean aggregation to AA decreased from 4.61±6.56 ohms on ASA alone to 0.97±3.78 ohms on dual therapy (unpaired t-test p<0.01). Eleven of 33 patients (33%) were non-responsive to aspirin monotherapy while only 1 of the 33 patients (3%) remained non-responsive to ASA on combination therapy irrespective of platelet responsiveness to clopidogrel (McNemar's test p<0.001). Significantly fewer patients experienced recurrent stroke, transient ischemic attack (TIA) or TIA-like symptoms, on combination (6%) than on ASA alone (27%) (McNemar's test p<0.001).CONCLUSIONS: Despite differences in mechanism of action, these data demonstrate a synergism between clopidogrel and the antiplatelet effects of ASA. Therefore, the addition of clopidogrel to an aspirin regimen can overcome aspirin resistance and consequently may be warranted in certain high risk patient populations, such as those who are non-responsive to both agents individually. ER  - 
Ticagrelor, but not clopidogrel, protects the heart and limits myocardial infarct size$$$ Background: Both clopidogrel (C) and Ticagrelor (T) are P2Y12 ADP receptor antagonists. In a phase III clinical trial (PLATO) T showed reduction in the rate of the primary composite endpoint myocardial infarction, stroke or cardiovascular death over C in patients with acute coronary syndromes. T, in addition to P2Y12 inhibition, inhibits cell uptake of adenosine and thus, may augment adenosine effects. Adenosine protects the heart against ischemia-reperfusion injury. We compared the effects of C and T on myocardial infarct size (IS). Methods: Rats received oral T (0, 75, 150 or 300 mg/kg/d) or C (30 or 90 mg/kg/d) for 7d and were subjected to 30 min coronary artery ligation and 24h reperfusion. Area at risk (AR) was assessed by blue dye and IS by TTC staining. Results: There were 8 animals per group. Body weight, left ventricular weight and the size of the AR were comparable between groups. IS was 53.1±2.4% of the LV in the control group. T, dose-dependently, reduced IS [42.2±1.6% (p=0.001), 34.7±1.3% (p<0.001), and 22.3±1.3% (p<0.001), respectively]. In contrast, C had no effect (50.2±1.1% and 50.5±2.0%, respectively). Platelet inhibition was comparable between the T 150mg/kg/d and the C 30mg/kg/d and between the T 300mg/kg/d and C 90mg/kg/d. T increased tissue adenosine levels and cyclooxygenase-2 activity. The IS-limiting effect of T 300mg/kg/d (16.8±1.7% of the LV) was reversed with CGS, an adenosine receptor blocker (42.3±3.1%; p=0.001 vs. T alone; p=0.074 vs. control) and was partially inhibited with aspirin 10 mg/kg/d (21.1±2.6%; p=0.57) and 25 mg/kg/d (31.1±1.9%; p<0.001), but not with 5 mg/kg/d (14.7±1.0%). Conclusions: T, but not C protects against ischemia-reperfusion injury and reduces myocardial IS. The protective effect is related to the inhibition of adenosine uptake and is attenuated by high doses of aspirin. This additional adenosine-mediated “pleiotropic” effect of T may (partially) explain the superiority of T over C in the clinical setting. ER  - 
Cost-effectiveness of genotype/phenotype driven ticagrelor versus clopidogrel selection in the patients with acute coronary syndrome$$$ Background: Clopidogrel(CLP) labeling includes a warning about reduced effectiveness in CYP2C19 poor metabolizers, in whom ticagrelor(TCG) may be more effective. The cost-effectiveness of combined genotype and platelet reactivity assay (PRA) driven approach to selecting either TCG versus CLP in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is unclear. Methods: Six strategies - conservative TCG (TCG only in CYP2C19∗2 homozygotes), liberal TCG (TCG for CYP2C19∗2 homo and heterozygotes), genotype-PRA combination (TCG only in patients with CYP2C19 polymorphisms and CLP nonresponse by PRA), PRA driven selection, universal TCG and universal CLP - were compared from the U.S. health system perspective. A decision model described the chances of complications including myocardial infarction (MI), ischemic stroke (IS), vascular death, and bleeding events during one year of treatment. Cost and utility inputs were identified from literature review and the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project (HCUP) database. The cost of genotype and PRA was obtained by expert opinion. All costs were adjusted to 2012 US dollars. Lifetime costs and quality adjusted life years (QALYs) were projected with a Markov model. One-way sensitivity analyses and Monte Carlo simulation were performed. Results: In the base case analysis, conservative TCG ($41,093, 7.99 QALYs) and genotype-PRA combination ($41,501, 8.06 QALYs) were dominated (extended) by PRA-driven selection ($41,363, 8.05 QALYs) and liberal TCG ($41,605, 8.07 QALYs), respectively. The incremental costeffectiveness ratio (ICER) for the universal TCG use was $85,429/QALY compared to liberal TCG, and ICER for this genotype strategy over other alternatives did not exceed $50,000/QALY. Conclusions were generally robust, although universal TCG did not achieve 80% likelihood of being costeffective up to a willingness to pay threshold of $1,000,000/QALY. Conclusions: At current costs and test characteristics, genotype-guided TCG was preferred over PRA-driven drug selection. However, universal TCG may be a preferred option if one is willing to accept the considerable uncertainty in its cost-effectiveness compared to genotype guided approach. ER  - 
Ticagrelor plasma levels but not clinical outcomes are associated with transporter and metabolism enzyme genetic polymorphisms$$$ Background: In the PLATO trial ticagrelor was superior to clopidogrel in reducing ischemic outcome and death in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). Ticagrelor is a direct-acting P2Y12 receptor antagonist that is rapidly absorbed and partly metabolized to the major metabolite AR-C124910XX (ARC). ARC is also active, and has plasma concentrations approximately one third that of ticagrelor. Methods: We performed a genome wide association study to identify single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with plasma levels of ticagrelor and ARC, after 90 mg ticagrelor twice-daily, in 3751 PLATO patients. The steady-state area under the curve (AUCss) values estimated by the population pharmacokinetic models were log transformed and analyzed on a genome-wide scale using linear regression. SNPs were analyzed against clinical events using Cox-regression in 4990 patients. Results: A SNP (rs113681054) in SLCO1B1 was associated with levels of ticagrelor (P=1.1x10-6) and ARC (P=4.6x10-13). This SNP is in linkage disequilibrium with a functional variant (rs4149056) that results in decreased OATP1B1 transporter activity. Ticagrelor levels were also associated with two independent SNPs (rs62471956, P=7.7x10-15 and rs56324128, P=9.7x10-12) in the CYP3A4 region. Furthermore, ARC levels were associated with rs61361928 (P=3.0x10-14) in UGT2B7. None of the identified SNPs that affected ticagrelor or ARC pharmacokinetics (PK) were associated with the primary composite outcome of PLATO (myocardial infarction, cardiovascular death and stroke: rs4149056: HR 0.99 (95% CI: 0.83-1.18) p=0.9), non-CABG major/minor bleeds or investigator reported dyspnea event. Conclusion: Despite the associations between the three genes SLCOB1, UGT2B7 and CYP3A4 and ticagrelor PK, these phenomena did not translate into any detectable effect on efficacy or safety during ticagrelor treatment. ER  - 
Impact of P2Y12 inhibitor choice on 30-day outcomes after primary PCI: An analysis from the euromax trial$$$ Background: We examined the impact of P2Y12 choice on 30-day outcomes, including stent thrombosis (ST), after primary PCI in the EUROMAX trial. Methods: Of 2198 patients, 98% received a loading dose and 89% were placed on maintenance therapy with clopidogrel (CLOP), prasugrel (PRAS) or ticagrelor (TIC) per institutional choice. We compared PRAS or TIC to CLOP and examined 30-day outcomes by maintenance therapy, and acute ST rates by loading dose. Logistic regression was used to adjust for baseline characteristics. Results: Maintenance therapy was CLOP in 41% of patients and PRAS or TIC in 59%. Patients on CLOP were higher risk: age (65 vs. 59 years), female sex (29.9 vs. 19.9%), and rates of PCI (92.1 vs. 96.7%) or conservative treatment (6.98 vs. 3.2%), all p-values <0.0001. In an unadjusted comparison, PRAS or TIC were associated with lower rates of death and stroke, but increased major/minor bleeding vs. CLOP (Table). Primary and key secondary outcomes of EUROMAX as well as MACE or NACE were not different. Rates of ST either at 24 hours or 30 days were similar. After multivariate adjustment, only bleeding was significant in favor of CLOP (0.57, 0.34-0.94, p=0.03). Conclusion: Institutional choice for P2Y12 inhibitors in STEMI is variable, but appears that CLOP is favored in higher risk patients. Following adjustment, 30-day outcomes (including acute and 30-day ST) appear comparable between CLOP and PRAS or TIC with the exception of increased bleeding with the new agents. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of pretreatment aong contemporary acute myocardial infarction patients treated with percutaneous coronary intervention: Insights from the translate-ACS study$$$ Background: A recent trial showed increased major bleeding with no efficacy difference between pretreatment with prasugrel versus prasugrel use during PCI in NSTEMI patients. Outcomes associated with thienopyridine pretreatment vs use during PCI were evaluated in MI pts undergoing PCI in routine practice. Methods: In 9,251 thienopyridine naïve MI pts undergoing PCI in the TRANSLATE-ACS study, risks of in-hospital major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE, defined as death, MI, stroke, or unplanned revascularization) and major bleeding were compared between pts with and without pretreatment (prior to PCI) using inverse probability weighted propensity adjustment. Results: Pretreatment use was greater in clopidogrel-treated pts (3,577/6,826[52.4%]) than in prasugrel-treated pts (479/2,425 [19.8%]; p <0.0001). Pretreatment was only slightly higher in STEMI pts compared with NSTEMI pts (clopidogrel 54% vs 51%; prasugrel 22% vs 16%). Observed and adjusted outcomes showed no difference in MACE by timing of treatment in either clopidogrel or prasugrel pts. Additionally, no differences in major bleeding were seen in either prasugrel or clopidogrel pts (Table). When these results were stratified by MI type, again, no differences in MACE or bleeding were noted comparing timing of treatment. Conclusion: In an observational study of routine practice, pretreatment with a P2Y12 inhibitor compared with use in the cath lab was associated with similar in-hospital MACE and bleeding risks after adjustment. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Optimizing P2Y12-receptor inhibition in acute coronary syndrome patients based on platelet function testing: Impact of prasugrel and high-dose clopidogrel$$$ Background: The clinical value of prasugrel in ACS patients with high platelet reactivity (HPR) is unknown. We aimed to investigate the impact of administration of prasugrel or high-dose clopidogrel based on platelet function testing in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients undergoing PCI. Methods: Clopidogrel pretreated ACS patients undergoing successful PCI were enrolled in a single-center, prospective registry. Platelet function was measured 12-36 hours after PCI with the Multiplate platelet function device. Patients with HPR (>46U) were switched to prasugrel or were treated with high-dose clopidogrel, while those without HPR continued 75 mg clopidogrel. High-dose clopidogrel was administered as repeated loading doses of 600 mg up to 4 times, proposed by Bonello and colleagues. Results: Between September 2011 and August 2012, 741 consecutive patients were enrolled of whom 219 (30%) had HPR. Although platelet reactivity significantly decreased in response to treatment adjustments in groups with HPR, prasugrel showed significantly more potent platelet inhibition than high-dose clopidogrel both after loading dose and the during maintenance phase (p<0.0001). Compared to patients without HPR, the risk of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis or stroke at one year was significantly higher in the high-dose clopidogrel group (HR: 2.27[1.45-3.55], p<0.0001), while patients switched to prasugrel had similar outcomes (HR: 0.90[0.44-1.81], p=0.76). BARC type 3/5 bleeding was also higher with high-dose clopidogrel (HR: 2.09[1.05-4.17], p=0.04), but not for patients switched to prasugrel (HR: 0.45, [0.11-1.91], p=0.28). In multivariate model, HPR with high-dose clopidogrel, but not with prasugrel was an independent predictor of the composite ischaemic endpoint (HR: 1.90[1.17-3.08], p=0.01). Conclusions: Switching ACS patients with HPR to prasugrel reduces thrombotic and bleeding events to a level similar to those without HPR; however, using high-dose clopidogrel results in higher risk for both thrombotic and bleeding complications. ER  - 
The use of a point of care platelet assay to shorten the time to CABG in patients taking clopidogrel$$$ Background: Patients requiring CABG surgery are often exposed to the thienopyridine drug clopidogrel. The ACC/AHA recommends holding clopidogrel for 5 days before CABG to reduce the risk of bleeding. There is some evidence, however, that patients may be able to undergo surgery as soon as 3 days after the last dose of clopidogrel. The Society of Thoracic Surgeons (STS) recommends using platelet reactivity testing to aid in the timing of surgery instead of arbitrarily waiting a pre-specified period of time. The aim of this study was to determine if the use of a point of care platelet assay could decrease the time it takes for patients on clopidogrel to reach an acceptable platelet inhibition level prior to CABG. Methods: This was a single center, retrospective study determining the time it took for patients who underwent CABG with a known last dose of clopidogrel to reach a platelet reactivity testing level suitable for reducing the risk of perioperative bleeding. The VerifyNow P2Y12 PRU test was used. A P2Y12 Reaction Unit (PRU) value ≥230 was selected based on studies that have found this value to be associated with less bleeding. Exclusion criteria included emergent CABG with PRU<230 on last testing, concurrent antiplatelet medications other than aspirin, creatinine≥2.5, platelet count<100,000/μl, or delayed platelet reactivity testing. Results: A total of 47 patients were identified. The median time from last dose of clopidogrel to PRU ≥230 was 2 days (n=47, IQR 1-4 days, range 8 days). A median of 2 tests were performed. A history of MI, CAD, diabetes, or stroke had no effect on the time it took for patients to achieve a PRU≥230. Male sex, concurrent beta-blockers, calcium channel blockers, statins, proton pump inhibitors, ACE inhibitors/ARBs, or use of furosemide similarly had no effect on results. Conclusion: In this study, achieving a PRU ≥230 after a last dose of clopidogrel took from 0 to 8 days, with a median of 2 days, significantly less than the recommended 5 days of waiting. With an approximate cost of $60 per test and a median of 2 tests per patient, the use of this assay would be expected to be extremely cost effective in reducing wait times to surgery and ensuring a reduced risk of perioperative bleeding. ER  - 
Impact of C34T P2Y12 ADP receptor polymorphism and smoking status on cardiovascular outcome in coronary artery disease patients receiving clopidogrel$$$ Background: The clinical benefit of clopidogrel has been attributed to its inhibition of platelet activation and aggregation. We tested the combined impact of smoking status and C34T polymorphism of P2Y12 adenosine diphosphate (ADP) receptor on cardiovascular outcome in coronary artery disease (CAD) patients after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) receiving clopidogrel. Methods: We consecutively enrolled 229 patients with CAD, receiving clopidogrel regimen (75mg/d), one month after PCI. C34T genotyping was performed by real-time polymerase chain reaction. Patients were followed for a mean time of 19 (range 3 to 40) months. The primary composite endpoint was death from cardiovascular causes, nonfatal myocardial infarction and hospitalization for unstable angina or stroke. Subjects smoking at least one cigarette per day were categorized as smokers and the rest as non smokers. Results: The mean age of the participants was 62±10 years and 23% were active smokers. In the total study population, 124 patients (54%) were carriers of at least one C34T reduced-function allele and 105 patients (46%) were non carriers. The primary end point occurred in 21% of the non smokers and 40% of smokers and the hazard ratio (HR) for smokers compared to non smokers was (HR=2.4, 95%CI: 1.05 to 5.60, p=0.03). In order to investigate time dependency of smoking habits in the occurrence of primary endpoint we conducted stratified to C34T polymorphism Cox regression analysis after adjustment for age and sex. Interestingly in carriers of at least one C34T allele, smoking was significantly associated with the occurrence of primary end point (for smokers HR=, 95%CI: 1.05 to 6.11, p=0.04) while in subjects without a C34T polymorphism smoking was not associated with the occurrence of primary end point (HR=0.87, 95%CI: 0.21 to 3.65, p=0.86). Conclusion: Smoking is associated with adverse cardiovascular outcome in CAD patients after PCI receiving clopidogrel, especially in carriers of at least one C34T reduced function allele. These findings highlight the possible interplay between polymorphisms affecting the P2Y12 ADP receptors activity and smoking in CAD patients under clopidogrel treatment. ER  - 
Frequency and practice level variation in inappropriate and non-recommended prasugrel prescribing: Insights from the NCDR®pinnacle registry$$$ Background: Prasugrel is a newer P2Y12 inhibitor antiplatelet agent. Compared to clopidogrel, it significantly decreased the composite of cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke. However, it increased major bleeding in patients with previous stroke or transient ischemic attack, and is therefore contraindicated (henceforth termed inappropriate) in them. Its use is also not recommended in patients aged > 75 years without history of diabetes or MI, where its bleeding risk likely exceeds benefit (henceforth termed non-recommended when combined with inappropriate). Methods: Within the NCDR PINNACLE Registry's 8,007,927 patient encounters, we identified 27533 patients receiving prasugrel. We assessed frequency of inappropriate and non-recommended prasugrel prescribing since its approval in July 2009. Using hierarchical regression models, we also assessed the extent of practice-level variation using the median rate ratio (MRR), interpreted as the likelihood that 2 random practices would differ in treating identical patients with prasugrel inappropriately. Results: Inappropriate and non-recommended prasugrel prescribing rates were 13.9% (3824/27533) and 18.3% (5034/27533), respectively. There was substantial practice-level variation in inappropriate prescribing (median rate 4.4%, interquartile range 2-10%, range 0-90% for practices) with a MRR of 2.89 (95% CI 2.75 to 3.03). Significant variation was noted between practices in the Northeast, Midwest, South, and West with inappropriate prescribing rates ranging from 10.4% to 18.7% (p<0.001). There was also significant practice-level variation in non-recommended prescribing (median rate 7.7%, range 0-91.5% for practices) with a MRR of 2.50 (95% CI 2.39 to 2.62). 4248 patients (15.4%) were also receiving concomitant aspirin and warfarin with 996 (23.4%) of these receiving prasugrel when not recommended. Conclusion: Inappropriate and non-recommended prasugrel prescribing are prevalent with large practice-level and regional variations. Our findings identify opportunities to improve appropriate and evidence-driven prescribing of prasugrel. ER  - 
Drug therapies for stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation: An historical perspective$$$ Oral anticoagulants are effective in minimizing stroke and systemic embolism in patients with atrial fibrillation at risk. All have a high degree of efficacy and acceptable safety records. Drug selection should be made on an individual basis. The most important thing is to make the selection. There are many factors to consider in the selection of oral anticoagulants. The new oral anticoagulants offer a measure of improvement over the many limits of warfarin; however, well-managed warfarin is an acceptable and inexpensive option. The efficacy of aspirin is questionable at best, deserving its almost complete disappearance from the guidelines. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Successful endovascular treatment of three fusiform cerebral aneurysms with the Pipeline Embolization Device in a patient with dilating HIV vasculopathy$$$ Dilating HIV vasculopathy can be a cause of ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke in patients with HIV. Although first identified in children, this condition is increasingly being recognized in adults and has a dismal natural history under medical or expectant management. Vessel wall invasion by varicella zoster virus, HIV or Mycobacterium avium intracellulare complex (MAI) has been postulated as a possible etiology. We present a case of an adult patient with HIV and chronic disseminated MAI infection who presented with ischemic stroke and three fusiform cerebral aneurysms that were successfully treated with the pipeline embolization device (PED). Flow diversion may be a viable treatment option for patients presenting with this serious neurovascular condition when aneurysm location precludes parent vessel sacrifice or surgical bypass. In addition, platelet function testing with VerifyNow may be valuable in selecting the appropriate P2Y12 receptor antagonist to be used in order to prevent PED thrombosis, since some of the antiretroviral drugs may inhibit clopidogrel or prasugrel metabolism. ER  - 
Platelet responsiveness to clopidogrel treatment after peripheral endovascular procedures-the preclop study: Clinical impact and optimal cut-off value of high on treatment platelet reactivity$$$ Purpose: To assess the clinical implications and optimal cutoff value of high platelet reactivity (HPR) in patients receiving clopidogrel for peripheral endovascular procedures (PEP). Materials and Methods: This prospective trial included patients receiving clopidogrel 75 mg daily, prior and after infrainguinal angioplasty or stenting (NCT01744613). Platelet inhibition was assessed with the VerifyNow P2Y12 point-ofcare test. Primary endpoints were 1-year clinical event rate (composite endpoint of death, major stroke, major amputation, target vessel revascularization, bypass) according to the P2Y12 reaction Units (PRU)-based quartile distribution, the estimation of the optimal PRU cut-off value to predict clinical outcome and the identification of independent predictors influencing event-free survival. Results: In total, 100 consecutive patients were enrolled. The 1-year cumulative event rate was 4% in the first, 12%, in the second, 52% in the third and 84% in the fourth quartile. Pairwise comparisons demonstrated a significant difference in the composite endpoint between successive quartiles (p<0.05 except for the first vs. second quartile). According to ROC analysis the optimal cut-off value for the composite endpoint was PRUZ234 (area under the curve 0.883; 95%CI: 0.811- 0.954; p<0.0001, sensitivity 92.1%, specificity 84.2%). Cox multivariable regression analysis identified HPR (PRUZ234) as the only independent predictor for increased number of adverse events (HR: 16.9; 95%CI: 5-55, p<0.0001). Conclusion: High on treatment platelet reactivity is associated with markedly increased adverse clinical events in patients undergoing PEP. Platelet function testing might be useful in individualizing antiplatelet therapy as to attain superior clinical results. ER  - 
Risk of ischemic stroke among users of clopidogrel and 5 different proton pump inhibitors$$$ BACKGROUND: The prodrug clopidogrel requires activation by cytochrome P-450 enzymes, principally CYP2C19, which may be inhibited by some proton pump inhibitors (PPIs). We sought to examine the risk of ischemic stroke (IS) among concomitant users of clopidogrel and each of 5 PPIs. METHODS: We conducted a propensity score-adjusted cohort study using 1999-2007 Medicaid claims from 5 large states. Exposures were ascertained by the presence of PPI prescription dispensings; rabeprazole served as the reference exposure as it lacks CYP2C19 inhibitory activity. Cohort entry began upon concomitant use. The outcome was hospitalization with a principal ICD-9 discharge diagnosis for IS (positive predictive value = 88%) within 180 days from cohort entry. RESULTS: Among 253,825 persons exposed to the combination of clopidogrel + PPI, we identified 1,308 IS events (incidence rate = 24/1,000 person-years). Overall, adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) for esomeprazole, lansoprazole, omeprazole, and pantoprazole ranged from 1.1-1.3 and were non-significant vs. rabeprazole. However, among a pre-specified subcohort of persons newly-initiating clopidogrel + PPI on the same day (N = 55,988), HRs ranged from 2.4-3.3 vs. rabeprazole, and were 3.3 (95% confidence interval: 1.2-9.0) for lansoprazole and 3.1 (1.1-8.3) for pantoprazole. CONCLUSION: Persons newly-initiating both clopidogrel and lansoprazole or pantoprazole may have a 3-fold risk of IS. This risk was not evident among persons previously started on clopidogrel in whom a PPI was added at a later time. This may suggest that a clopidogrel-PPI interaction occurs when persons have the most acute need for clopidogrel's platelet inhibition effects, e.g. subsequent to a hospitalization, when they are likely to be newly-started on the combination concurrently. ER  - 
Association between CYP2C19∗2/∗3 polymorphism and cardiovascular events in a chinese han population$$$ Introduction: The dual antiplatelet therapy using aspirin and clopidogrel is now the cornerstone to prevent the ischemic cardiovascular events in coronary heart disease (CHD). Cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes play a vital role in the metabolism of clopidogrel, however multiple cohort studies have linked the CYP2C19∗2, CYP2C19∗3 polymorphism and other loss-of-function allelic variants of this gene to major adverse cardiovascular events in patients taking clopidogrel. The distributions of CYP2C19 polymorphisms in whites, blacks, East Asians are approximately 30%, 40%, and 55%, respectively. Additionally, CYP2C19∗3 allele had been regarded as an Asian-specific variant allele that accounts for the poor metabolism and a risk factor influencing CHD in Chinese Uighur population. Objectives: To explore the relationship between Cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) ∗2/∗3 polymorphism and cardiovascular events in Chinese Han people. Methods: A total of 231 consecutive patients underwent coronary angiography who were suspected for CHD were enrolled. Genotyping for CYP2C19∗2(681G>A) and ∗3(636G>A) alleles were performed by polymerase chain reaction restriction fragment linked polymorphism method. The adverse clinical events were defined as cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, stroke and rehospitalization for acute coronary syndrome (ACS) during a 14-month follow-up period. Results: Compared with CYP2C19∗2 non-carriers, the CHD% was significantly higher (P=0.025) in CYP2C19∗2 carriers group, and similar result was also observed in the incidence of adverse cardiovascular events (21.6% vs. 6.3%, P=0.019). No difference of CHD% was observed in CYP2C19∗3 determined groups. Stepwise binary logistic regression analysis showed that CYP2C19∗2 carries (OR 1.94, P=0.028, 95%CI 1.076 to 3.504) and male gender (OR 2.74, P=0.001, 95%CI 1.577 to4.758) were independent predictors, and CYP2C19∗2 loss-of-function was the only independent factor to predict the coronary events via multivariate Cox proportional hazards analysis (HR=3.653, P=0.036, 95% CI 1.089 to 12.248). CYP2C19∗3 genotype had no obvious impact on cardiovascular events. Conclusion: CYP2C19∗2 polymorphism independently predictor adverse cardiovascular events in a Chinese Han population. ER  - 
Response to clopidogrel and its association with chronic kidney disease in noncardiogenic ischemic stroke patients$$$ Objective Noncardiogenic ischemic stroke patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) are known to have a greater rate of ischemic stroke recurrence than those without. Although clopidogrel is often used to prevent the recurrence of noncardiogenic ischemic stroke, the relationship between the response to clopidogrel and CKD is unclear. In the present study, the relationship between the response to clopidogrel and the presence of CKD was investigated in noncardiogenic ischemic stroke patients. Methods A total of 129 noncardiogenic ischemic stroke patients receiving 75 mg/day of clopidogrel for >1 week were evaluated. The VerifyNow P2Y12 Assay was used to measure the level of platelet aggregation induced by 20 μM of adenosine diphosphate, and the degree of platelet aggregation and frequency of clopidogrel resistance were compared between 34 patients with CKD and 95 patients without CKD. Clopidogrel resistance was defined as a P2Y12 Reaction Units (PRU) value of >230 and/or % inhibition <20%. Results The PRU value was 201.9±91.3 in the patients with CKD and 163.3±86.4 in the patients without CKD (p=0.035). The frequency of a PRU value of >230 was 44.1% (15 patients) among the patients with CKD and 17.9% (17 patients) among those without CKD (p=0.002). The percent inhibition was 29.9%± 28.1% among the patients with CKD and 41.1%±28.0% among the patients without CKD (p=0.030). The frequency of % inhibition <20% was 47.1% (16 patients) among the patients with CKD and 26.3% (25 patients) among those without CKD (p=0.026). Conclusion The present study showed that noncardiogenic ischemic stroke patients with CKD have a greater frequency of clopidogrel resistance, thus suggesting that the response to clopidogrel is diminished in these patients. © 2014 The Japanese Society of Internal Medicine. ER  - 
Antiplatelet therapy in patients with diabetes mellitus and acute coronary syndrome - New insights from randomized trials -$$$ Patients with diabetes mellitus have increased atherothrombotic risk and elevated rates of recurrent cardiac events, which may be in part attributable to abnormalities of platelet function resulting in increased platelet reactivity. Despite improved clinical outcomes with an antiplatelet strategy of aspirin plus clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS), diabetic patients continue to experience relatively high rates of adverse events during follow-up. Thus, strategies using more potent antiplatelet drugs are warranted in diabetic patients with ACS, especially in the presence of an increased coronary angiographic risk profile. The relative benefit of prasugrel has been described as higher in diabetic vs. nondiabetic patients, without increase in the bleeding risk, whereas a reduction in ischemic events was similar with ticagrelor in patients with and without diabetes. Glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors are indicated in high-risk patients with ACS, but diabetic patients do not benefit from routine administration of such agents. ER  - 
The association between CYP2C19 genotype and of in-stent restenosis among patients with vertebral artery stent treatment$$$ Aims: Preventing stroke through endovascular treatment with vertebral artery stent remains a great challenge due to the occurrence of an in-stent restenosis. Materials & Methods: In this study, a retrospective analysis was conducted in 90 patients who had been treated with VAS between 2004 and 2011 in Nanjing Drum Tower Hospital. Patients were followed up at 3 months, 6 months,and 1 year after VAS treatment and annually thereafter. For each time point, neurological function tests, vessel ultrasound and computer tomography angiography were performed to preliminarily screen the vessel stenosis. Digital subtraction angiography was used to verify the narrow sign on CTA or ultrasound. Clinical features of each patient including clopido-grel metabolization genes (CYP2C19, CYP3A4, and P2Y12) were recorded with purpose to investigate the possible risk factors for the development of ISR. Results: Single factor analysis dem-onstrated that hyperlipidemia (P < 0.05) and CYP2C19 (P < 0.01) loss-of-function geno-type increased the likelihood of ISR. A multiple logistic cox regression analysis also showed that stroke patients with hyperlipidemia (HR 3.719, 95% CI: 1.094-12.637, P = 0.035), and CYP2C19 loss-of-function genotype (HR 2.959, 95% CI: 1.325-6.610, P = 0.008) were more likely to suffer from ISR. Furthermore, CYP2C19 alleles were mainly divided into three groups: wt/wt (CYP2C19 *1/*1), wt/m (CYP2C19 *1/*2 and *1/*3), and m/m (CYP2C19 *2/*2,*2/*3 and*3/*3). Recurrent rate of ischemic stroke in m/m and wt/m groups was higher than the wt/wt group (OR: 0.141, 95% CI: 0.016-1.221, P = 0.042). Conclusion: The study leads to the conclusion that hyperlipidemia and CYP2C19 impotency are possible risk factors for the development of ISR in VAS-treated patients with ischemic. Moreover, VAS-treated patients with CYP2C19 impotency were susceptible to recurrent stroke during our 54-month follow-up. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Optimizing antithrombotic therapy after coronary stent implantation in patients on chronic oral anticoagulation$$$ Most patients on chronic oral anticoagulation have a lifelong indication. When these patients undergo percutaneous coronary interventions with stent implantation, they also have an indication for dual antiplatelet therapy (aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor). However, this so-called triple therapy results in increased bleeding risks which in turn is associated with increased mortality. Furthermore, emerging stronger antiplatelet drugs (prasugrel and ticagrelor) are associated with increased bleeding, making triple therapy even more hazardous. This created a clinical treatment dilemma for this subset of patients, and new trials have been designed to explore new treatment strategies. This review summarizes the available evidence regarding the optimal treatment of patients on chronic oral anticoagulation undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions with stent implantation. © 2014 Springer Science+Business Media New York. ER  - 
Antiplatelet and Anticoagulant Agents in Heart Failure. Current Status and Future Perspectives.$$$ There has been a 3-fold increase in hospital discharges for heart failure (HF) and also significantly increased mortality rate in HF patients in recent years. A major focus of HF research has been in the area of neurohormonal control and resynchronization therapy. There is a great urgency in better understanding the pathophysiology underlying the exceedingly high mortality and a need for exploration of therapeutic strategies beyond those that influence neurohormonal pathways. The decision to treat patients with HF with antiplatelet therapy remains largely influenced by the presence or absence of concomitant arterial disease. Antithrombotic therapy has been shown to be effective in many forms of cardiac disease, including patients with HF and atrial fibrillation. Although it is clear that platelet activation and hypercoagulability are present in HF, and there is evidence that stroke is reduced by warfarin therapy in the HF patient, the available data suggest that the risk of major bleeding overshadows the antithromboembolic benefit in HF patients in sinus rhythm. The utility of oral anticoagulant and/or antiplatelet therapy has never been evaluated in an adequately powered dedicated clinical trial of HF patients in sinus rhythm. Inthis state-of-the art paper we explore the evidence for targeting the inhibition of platelet function and coagulation to improve outcomes in the HF patient. © 2014 American College of Cardiology Foundation. ER  - 
Omeprazole use is associated with increased cardiovascular complications in asian patients on aspirin and clopidogrel after percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Background: Dual anti-platelet therapy (DAPT) with Aspirin and a Thienopyridine-derivative P2Y12 Inhibitor (commonly Clopidogrel) is mandatory after Percutaneous Coronary Intervention (PCI). H2 receptor antagonists (H2RA) or Proton Pump Inhibitors (PPI) are prescribed to reduce gastrointestinal bleeding risk. Clopidogrel is a prodrug that requires activation by CYP2C19 and other isoenzymes of the cytochrome P450 system. Carriers of a loss-of-function CYP2C19 allele have lower levels of the active metabolite, resulting in reduced platelet inhibition and a potentially higher rate of adverse cardiovascular events. As PPI are competitive inhibitors of CYP2C19, coadministration with Clopidogrel can further reduce the latter's antiplatelet activity. The COGENT randomised trial which enrolled predominantly white Caucasian males did not demonstrate any adverse interaction between Clopidogrel and Omeprazole use. However, this interaction may be significant in Asian patients as up to 55% of Asians carry a loss-of-function CYP2C19 allele as compared to 30% of Caucasians. We hypothesize that Asian patients taking both Clopidogrel and the PPI Omeprazole are at higher risk of adverse cardiovascular events post-PCI. Methods: This retrospective cohort study in a 1300-bed tertiary hospital in Singapore st st included all patients from 1 January to 31 December 2011 who had PCI and received either Omeprazole or a H2RA, together with 12 months of Aspirin and Clopidogrel. Prescription and outcome data were retrieved from electronic medical records. The primary outcome was the incidence of cardiovascular complications within 12 months of the initial PCI. Cardiovascular complication is defined as cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, need for urgent target vessel revascularisation and ischemic stroke. Results: We identified 933 patients, of which 614 patients met the criteria for inclusion. The primary outcome occurred in 27 of 296 patients (9.1%) from the Omeprazole group and 13 of 318 patients (4.1%) from the H2RA group (p = 0.014). The difference remained statistically significant after adjustment for baseline differences in cardiovascular risk factors in both groups (p = 0.042). Conclusions: Using Omeprazole rather than a H2RA was associated with a significantly greater incidence of cardiovascular complications in Asian patients on Clopidogrel after PCI. Larger studies are required to further evaluate this observation. ER  - 
A concentration response relationship between the active metabolite of clopidogrel and its antiplatelet activity$$$ Background: Variability in antiplatelet response to clopidogrel is reported to be due, in part, to the reduced ability to metabolize clopidogrel to its active form. This can be a result of a genetic difference in metabolizer status or to drug interactions which can cause inhibition of either the CYP2C19 or CYP3A4 P450 isoenzymes. Although up to this point it has remained unclear whether there is a concentration dependent relationship between clopidogrel's active thiol metabolite and its antiplatelet effects and whether there is a threshold concentration of the active metabolite (AM) needed to produce an adequate antiplatelet effect, this 3-arm, complete crossover study demonstrates a statistical relationship between AM concentrations and antiplatelet response. Methods: Fourteen healthy male volunteers took clopidogrel doses of 25 mg, 50 mg, and 75 mg. Participants were excluded for tobacco, illicit substance, and alcohol use. AM concentrations were measured using liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry over a 4 hour period and an area under the curve (AUC) was calculated. Results: The median baseline whole blood platelet aggregation value was 8 Ω (IQR=7-8.5 Ω) and responsiveness to clopidogrel was defined as <6 Ω and a ≥60% decrease from baseline. Using a receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve the optimal AUC0-4 was found to be 784ng∗min/mL. Sensitivity was 92.0% (95% CI: 48.0-100.0%) and specificity was 71.4% (95% CI: 46.4-85.7%). Area under the ROC curve was 84.0% (95% CI: 73.0-95.0%, p=1.867e-5) demonstrating statistical validity of the estimates of the AM threshold concentration needed to inhibit platelet aggregation. A Bayesian breakpoint analysis found the optimal threshold AUC to be in a range from 732-882 ng∗min/mL. Conclusions: These findings could make it possible for clinicians to immediately tailor antiplatelet therapy to individual patients by measuring AM levels after the first dose of clopidogrel, conceivably preventing a secondary event at a time when risk is the highest. Additionally, research is ongoing to explore whether disease states commonly seen in stroke patients, such as diabetes, change the amount of the AM produced or whether they may actually result in a shift of the concentration response curve. ER  - 
Assessment of platelet thrombus formation in patients with carotid disease administered clopidogrel$$$ Background: Many studies have demonstrated that high residual platelet function in patients administered clopidogrel is associated with cardiovascular events, although, the majority of those studies examined the patients with coronary artery disease. We studied platelet function in patients with ischemic stroke treated by clopidogrel, and compared residual platelet function according to the severity of carotid disease. Methods: We measured platelet aggregation induced by ADP, VerifyNow P2Y12 assay (PRU), phosphorylation of vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (PRI), platelet-leukocyte complex (PLC), and platelet p-selectin expression (PS) in 30 patients with ischemic stroke administered clopidogrel (21 males and 9 females, mean age was 65 years). We also measured platelet thrombus formation under arterial flow conditions using newly developed microchip-based flow chamber system. In this system, platelet thrombus formation was analyzed by measuring flow pressure changes due to occlusion of microchip and was quantified by calculating area under the flow pressure curve (AUC). Each marker was compared between patients with severe carotid stenosis (15 cases) and those with mild to moderate carotid stenosis (15 cases). Results: Platelet function tests such as percentages of platelet aggregation induced by ADP, PRU, PRI, and PS was not significantly different between different severities of carotid stenosis. On the other hand, AUC values and PLC of patients with severe major carotid stenosis were significantly higher than those with mild to moderate stenosis. Conclusions: These results suggested that clopidogrel inhibits platelet aggregation irrespective of the severity of carotid stenosis. On the other hand, platelet thrombus formation under arterial flow conditions and platelet leukocyte interactions were higher in patients with severe carotid stenosis than those with mild to moderate stenosis. ER  - 
Impact of cytochrome p450 2c19 polymorphism on high on-treatment platelet reactivity in stroke patients treated with clopidogrel$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel is one of the most commonly used anti-platelet drugs. Recent reports suggested the association of allelic variants of the genes modulating metabolic activation (CYP2C19 and paraoxonase-1) and bioavailability (ABCB1) of clopidogrel with high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR), possibly resulting in the recurrence of thrombotic events. However, these studies mostly examined patients with coronary heart disease and the impact of these polymorphisms in stroke patients is largely unknown. METHODS: We conducted a multicenter, prospective cohort study of 518 Japanese patients from 14 hospitals who were administrated clopidogrel. Residual platelet reactivity was determined by a change in light transmission induced by platelet aggregation in platelet-rich plasma after adding ADP. The vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) index was also measured using flow cytometry. We investigated the association of polymorphisms of aforementioned enzymes with HTPR. RESULTS: In terms of CYP2C19 loss-of-function polymorphisms (∗2 and ∗3), the prevalence of intermediate (IM: ∗1∗2 or ∗1∗3) or poor (PM: ∗2∗2, ∗2∗3, or ∗3∗3) metabolizer was much higher (IM: 47% or PM: 15%) in Japanese than in Caucasian populations. Residual platelet reactivity was significantly higher in PM and IM groups than that in the wild-type extensive metabolizer (EM: ∗1∗1) group assessed by 5 μM ADP-induced platelet aggregation (PM: 69.4% ± 17.1%, IM: 59.7% ± 16.2%, EM: 51.5% ± 17.5%, p < 0.0001) and VASP index (PM: 66.6% ± 14.1%, IM: 52.4% ± 16.0%, EM: 42.9% ± 15.0%, p < 0.0001). Furthermore, HTPR determined by both assays was associated with the ABCB1 polymorphism (rs1045642) but not with the paraoxonase-1 Q192R mutation. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that both CYP2C19 and ABCB1 polymorphisms significantly contribute to HTPR in stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. At present, we are monitoring these patients for a two-year period to determine whether these genetic variants and HTPR affect the recurrence of thrombotic events. ER  - 
Clopidogrel resistance in stroke patients (the crisp trial)$$$ Background: Clopidogrel is a thienopyridine with ADP antagonising effects that is widely used in the secondary prevention of ischemic strokes and transient ischemic attacks (TIAs). Despite this some patients will go on to have recurrent strokes or TIAs. Cardiology trials have identified patients with clopidogrel resistance, defined as a vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) index of >50% after at least 7 days of clopidogrel treatment. This was associated with recurrent cardiac events. The VASP-index measures phosphorylation of VASP in the resting state and activated states using flow cytometry techniques. As phosphorylation of VASP is dependent upon activation of the platelet P2Y12 receptor that is targeted by clopidogrel the difference in phosphorylation between the two states provides an indirect measure of platelet inhibition. Previous trials have shown a prevalence of clopidogrel resistance in stroke patients of between 8 and 18%, but no study to date has shown whether this is associated with significantly more recurrent cerebrovascular events. We are testing the hypothesis that amongst patients treated with clopidogrel for secondary prevention of cerebrovascular disease, those with resistance are more likely to have recurrent Strokes or TIAs. Should this hypothesis be confirmed, then further research would be needed to identify treatment strategies that may minimise this risk. Design A prospective cohort study recruiting 120 patients from the acute stroke unit at the Royal Liverpool hospital with a diagnosis of stroke or TIA that will be commenced on clopidogrel therapy and expected to continue it for at least one year. We will compare outcomes between those found to be 'clopidogrel responders' and 'clopidogrel resistant'. A sample size of 120 patients was chosen based on the concept of 'reproducibility probability', taking into account the number of patients needed for similar studies in cardiology patients, the prevalence of 'clopidogrel resistance' amongst stroke patients and the potential for patients to later be excluded. Outcome Recurrent cerebrovascular event within 6 months of entering trial. Trial Status Recruitment ongoing. ER  - 
The impact of germline mutations on targeted therapy$$$ Targeted therapies provide clinical benefit and improved therapeutic index. They have a growing prominence in patient management and focus in drug development. Their development is fuelled by our deepening knowledge of complex disease phenotypes and the need for improvement in new therapeutic efficacy. Extrapolation of the biological discovery through to new therapy targeting the causal biological variants to drive clinical gain is challenging. Here, we review the impact of germline mutations on targeted therapies. Historically, germline changes have contributed most to our understanding of disease mechanisms, drug metabolism and exposure, the latter of which has enabled safer positioning of therapies, such as clopidogrel and irinotecan. Similarly, prescreening for germline variants can avoid potentially fatal hypersensitivity reactions with abacavir. However, germline mutations continue to emerge as a central player in targeting therapeutics; ivacaftor drives partial restoration of mucus secretion in cystic fibrosis patients harbouring specific mutations, and treatment with olaparib exploits germline mutations in BRCA genes to drive synthetic lethality as an anti-cancer mechanism. Central is definition of the causal link, association or contribution to the biological variance - and that we believe it is drugable for therapeutic gain. The demand for better therapies to treat modern diseases provides the appetite for continued investigation of the biological variance associated with germline mutations, inevitably leading to increased impact on the development of targeted therapeutics. Copyright © 2013 Pathological Society of Great Britain and Ireland. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Triple antithrombotic therapy in cardiac patients: More questions than answers$$$ Many cardiac patients require combined antithrombotic therapy consisting of an anticoagulant and inhibition of platelet function. The most frequent indications are atrial fibrillation (AF) in combination with drug-eluting stent implantation and/or the presence of an acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Currently, the optimal combination of anticoagulants and anti-platelet therapy is unknown, but it is well established that the combination of regular doses and regimens as prescribed in AF or after ACS results in increased bleeding rates. In this review, we discuss the current literature and describe approaches to reduce the risk of bleeding hoping not to increase the rate of ischaemic events. Published on behalf of the European Society of Cardiology. All rights reserved. © The Author 2013. ER  - 
Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of rivaroxaban - an oral, direct factor Xa inhibitor$$$ Anticoagulants have a key role in the management of venous and arterial thromboembolic disorders. Traditional anticoagulants, such as unfractionated heparin, low-molecular-weight heparins, fondaparinux, and vitamin K antagonists are effective but have limitations that make the management of thromboembolic disorders difficult. There is a clear need for new anticoagulants that are at least as effective as traditional agents but without their drawbacks. This review discusses the mechanism of action, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics of one of these newer agents - the direct Factor Xa inhibitor rivaroxaban - and provides an overview of the results of phase III clinical studies. Based on these results, rivaroxaban has gained approval for the prevention and treatment of several thromboembolic disorders in adult patients. Rivaroxaban, which has a rapid onset of action, targets free and clot-bound Factor Xa and Factor Xa in the prothrombinase complex. It reaches maximal plasma concentration 2-4 hours after administration and has a high bioavailability (80-100%). Rivaroxaban has several advantages over traditional anticoagulants. It does not require dose adjustment for age, sex, body weight, or ethnicity, and there is no requirement for routine coagulation monitoring because it has been shown to have predictable pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics. Furthermore, rivaroxaban has minimal food and drug interactions. The introduction of newer oral anticoagulants, such as rivaroxaban, that are convenient to administer and have predictable pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profiles, could ultimately simplify patient management in clinical practice and may improve clinical outcomes across a broad range of thromboembolic disorders. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Reduced clopidogrel metabolism in a multiethnic population: Prevalence and rates of recurrent cerebrovascular events$$$ Background Concern has recently been raised over the possibility of a reduced efficacy of clopidogrel because of genetic variations in cytochrome P450, family 2, subfamily C, polypeptide 19 (CYP2C19) metabolism. A black box warning from the US Food and Drug Administration recommends that all patients be tested. It has been estimated that approximately 3% (range 2-14%) of the population are poor metabolizers, but few data are available for cerebrovascular patients. The objective of this study is to evaluate the frequency and effects of variability in CYP2C19 metabolism in patients with cerebrovascular disease. Methods A retrospective review of all patients with stroke and transient ischemic attack (TIA) tested for the clopidogrel CYP2C19 genotype was performed, with a collection of data including race/ethnicity, CYP2C19 status, and the presence of recurrent vascular events. Results A total of 53 cerebrovascular patients were tested, consisting of 5.7% poor (n = 3), 26.4% intermediate (n = 14), 62.3% extensive (n = 33), 3.8% indeterminate (n = 2), and 1.9% "mixed ultra rapid and poor" (n = 1) metabolizers. Only 10 of 38 white patients (26.3%; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.14-0.42) were intermediate or poor metabolizers, compared with 7 of 15 (46.7%; 95% CI 0.25-0.70) nonwhites. Of 43 patients treated with clopidogrel, 3 of 27 extensive metabolizers (11.1%; 95% CI 0.04-0.28) had recurrent cerebrovascular events compared with 33.3% of intermediate metabolizers (4/12; 95% CI 0.14-0.61) and 50% of poor metabolizers (1/2; 95% CI 0.09-0.90). Conclusions These data suggest that the proportion of poor/intermediate clopidogrel metabolizers in cerebrovascular patients is comparable to cardiovascular studies and these patients may have an increased risk of recurrent cerebrovascular events. Routine CYP2C19 testing may be warranted. © 2014 by National Stroke Association. ER  - 
Emerging treatment strategies for ACS management: Improving patient outcomes$$$ Targeting platelet activation and aggregation is an important component of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) management. Numerous new agents that target platelets have been approved, but the risks of bleeding with these agents must be balanced against their benefits. Practice guidelines provide evidence-based recommendations for managing antiplatelet therapy, both short term and long term. ER  - 
Reduced-function CYP3A4 genotype and risk of clopidogrel resistance: A meta-analysis$$$ Background: Epidemiologic studies have suggested the pharmacologic effect varies of clopidogrel based on CYP3A4 genotype; however, uncertainty still remained regarding to the clinical risk imparted by specific genotypes. Objective: To determine whether an association exists between CYP3A4 gene polymorphism and clopidogrel resistance in observational studies with meta-analysis. Design: We searched PubMed, Cochrane database of systematic Reviews and Embase for studies conducted from the database established to June 2013. Study-specific risk estimates were combined by using a fixed-effects model. Results: A total of 8 studies were included in the meta-analysis, consisting of 7 case-control studies and 1 prospective cohort studies. Among 15497 patients, 1229 (7.93%) patients experienced the composite end point of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke. Overall, 10713 (69.10%) were CYP3A4 gene polymorphism and 4784 (30.90%) were non-carriers. A significantly increased risk of the composite end point was evident in carriers reduced-function CYP3A4 alleles, as compared with non-carriers (OR, 1.31; 95% CI ,1.12-1.55; Z = 3.30, P = 0.0010; Q statistic test for heterogeneity: x 2 = 12.61, P = 0.08, I2 = 44%). Conclusions: Carriage of reduced-function CYP3A4 allele appears to be associated with a significantly increased risk of major adverse cardiovascular events in patients treated with clopidogrel for percutaneous coronary intervention. ER  - 
Bivalirudin use and one-month outcome in the context of contemporary antiplatelet treatment: Insights from the greek antiplatelet registry$$$ Summary: Aims: Little is known about the use of bivalirudin in "real life". In the context of contemporary antiplatelet treatment, we aimed to assess bivalirudin treatment patterns and short-term (one-month) outcome. Methods: Greek Antiplatelet Registry (GRAPE) is a prospective, observational, multicenter cohort study of consecutive, moderate-to-high-risk acute coronary syndrome patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). We assessed bivalirudin treatment patterns and predictive factors for its use. Combined in-hospital and one-month major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE, including death, myocardial infarction, urgent revascularization, and stroke), and bleeding events according to Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) criteria were analyzed after propensity matching. Results: Of 2047 registered patients, 480 (23.4%) were treated with bivalirudin. Multivariate analysis (C statistic 0.77, 0.75-0.80 95% CIs, P < 0.001) revealed as factors favoring bivalirudin use primary PCI, radial arterial access, presentation with positive biomarkers and use of novel P2Y12 inhibitor, whereas IIb/IIIa inhibitor administration did not. Regional trends also affected bivalirudin's choice. In 370 propensity-matched pairs of patients who received or not bivalirudin, MACE, BARC type 1, 2 and 3 did not differ between groups: 4.1%, 21.9%, 3.2%, 3.5% and 5.1%, 18.9%, 2.7%, 4.3%, respectively, P = nonsignificant for all. Conclusions: In a "real life", contemporary antiplatelet treatment registry, clinical, laboratory and logistic factors affect bivalirudin's choice, while there are no differences in one-month outcome between bivalirudin-treated and non-bivalirudin-treated patients. © 2014 John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Genotype-guided use of oral antithrombotic therapy: A pharmacoeconomic perspective$$$ Pharmacogenomics focuses on tailoring therapy to the individual as opposed to the historical model of fitting the individual to the therapy, and it offers the potential to maximize medication efficacy while reducing adverse events. By its very nature, personalized medicine is conducive to a patient-centered care model. Oral antithrombotics as a class could benefit immensely from this type of approach because an imbalance of safety and efficacy in either direction can yield deadly consequences. Since the current healthcare climate in the USA requires thoughtful allocation of resources, pharmacoeconomic analysis has become critical for all stakeholders, and the adoption of new technologies hinges upon economic impact. This article summarizes the current state of genetics in oral antithrombotic therapy, including clinical relevance as well as cost-effectiveness from a US healthcare system perspective, and provides insight into the future of pharmacogenomics in treating and preventing thromboembolic disorders. © 2014 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Structure of the human P2Y12 receptor in complex with an antithrombotic drug$$$ P2Y receptors (P2YRs), a family of purinergic G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs), are activated by extracellular nucleotides. There are a total of eight distinct functional P2YRs expressed in human, which are subdivided into P2Y 1 -like receptors and P2Y 12 -like receptors. Their ligands are generally charged molecules with relatively low bioavailability and stability in vivo, which limits our understanding of this receptor family. P2Y 12R regulates platelet activation and thrombus formation, and several antithrombotic drugs targeting P2Y 12R - including the prodrugs clopidogrel (Plavix) and prasugrel (Effient) that are metabolized and bind covalently, and the nucleoside analogue ticagrelor (Brilinta) that acts directly on the receptor - have been approved for the prevention of stroke and myocardial infarction. However, limitations of these drugs (for example, a very long half-life of clopidogrel action and a characteristic adverse effect profile of ticagrelor) suggest that there is an unfulfilled medical need for developing a new generation of P2Y 12R inhibitors. Here we report the 2.6 Å resolution crystal structure of human P2Y 12R in complex with a non-nucleotide reversible antagonist, AZD1283. The structure reveals a distinct straight conformation of helix V, which sets P2Y 12R apart from all other known class A GPCR structures. With AZD1283 bound, the highly conserved disulphide bridge in GPCRs between helix III and extracellular loop 2 is not observed and appears to be dynamic. Along with the details of the AZD1283-binding site, analysis of the extracellular interface reveals an adjacent ligand-binding region and suggests that both pockets could be required for dinucleotide binding. The structure provides essential insights for the development of improved P2Y 12R ligands and allosteric modulators as drug candidates. © 2014 Macmillan Publishers Limited. ER  - 
Use of evidence-based interventions in acute coronary syndrome - Subanalysis of the ACCEPT registry$$$ Background: The recommendations in guidelines are based on evidence; however, there is a gap between recommendations and clinical practice. Objective: To describe the practice of prescribing evidence-based treatments for patients with acute coronary syndrome in Brazil. Methods: This study carried out a subanalysis of the ACCEPT registry, assessing epidemiological data and the prescription rate of acetylsalicylic acid, p2y12 inhibitors, antithrombotic drugs, beta-blockers, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors/angiotensin-receptor blockers (IAT1RB), and statins. In addition, the quality of myocardial reperfusion in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction was evaluated. Results: This study assessed 2, 453 patients. The prescription rates of acetylsalicylic acid, p2y12 inhibitors, antithrombotic drugs, beta-blockers, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors/IAT1RB, and statins were as follows: in 24 hours - 97.6%, 89.5%, 89.1%, 80.2%, 67.9% and 90.6%; and at six months - 89.3%, 53.6%, 0%, 74.4%, 57.6% and 85.4%, respectively. Regarding ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction, only 35.9% and 25.3% of the patients underwent primary angioplasty and thrombolysis, respectively, within the recommended times. Conclusion: This registry showed high initial prescription rates of antiplatelet drugs, antithrombotic drugs, and statins, and lower prescription rates of beta-blockers and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors/IAT1RB. Independently of the class, the use of all drugs decreased by six months. Most patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction did not undergo myocardial reperfusion within the time recommended. ER  - 
Optimizing P2Y12 receptor inhibition in patients with acute coronary syndrome on the basis of platelet function testing: impact of prasugrel and high-dose clopidogrel.$$$ This study sought to evaluate the impact of treatment with prasugrel and high-dose clopidogrel on the basis of platelet function testing in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) who are undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). The clinical impact of treatment with prasugrel in patients with ACS who have high platelet reactivity (HPR) is unknown. Patients with ACS who were pre-treated with clopidogrel and undergoing successful PCI were enrolled in a single-center, prospective registry. Platelet function was measured 12 to 36 h after PCI with the Multiplate device (Roche Diagnostics GmbH, Mannheim, Germany). Patients with HPR (>46 U) were switched to prasugrel or treated with high-dose clopidogrel, and those without HPR continued treatment with 75 mg of clopidogrel. A total of 741 consecutive patients were enrolled in the study between September 2011 and August 2012, and 219 of these patients (29.5%) had HPR. Although platelet reactivity decreased after treatment adjustments in those with HPR, prasugrel provided significantly more potent platelet inhibition compared with high-dose clopidogrel (p < 0.0001). Compared with patients without HPR, the risk of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, or stroke at 1 year was significantly higher in the high-dose clopidogrel group (hazard ratio [HR]: 2.27; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.45 to 3.55; p < 0.0001), and patients who were switched to prasugrel had similar outcomes (HR: 0.90; 95% CI: 0.44 to 1.81; p = 0.76). Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) type 3/5 bleeding was also more frequent in patients treated with high-dose clopidogrel (HR: 2.09; 95% CI: 1.05 to 4.17; p = 0.04) than in patients switched to prasugrel (HR: 0.45; 95% CI: 0.11 to 1.91; p = 0.28). In a multivariate model, HPR with high-dose clopidogrel, but not with prasugrel, was an independent predictor of the composite ischemic endpoint (HR: 1.90; 95% CI: 1.17 to 3.08; p = 0.01). Switching patients with ACS who have HPR to treatment with prasugrel reduces thrombotic and bleeding events to a level similar to that of those without HPR; however, there is a higher risk of both thrombotic and bleeding complications with high-dose clopidogrel. Copyright © 2014 American College of Cardiology Foundation. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Practical questions on therapy with new antithrombotic agents$$$ Recently, new peroral antithrombotic agents have proved better prevention of thrombotic complications in many clinical events such as acute coronary syndrome, tromboembolic disease or atrial fibrillation. New peroral anticoagulants (NPA) were introduced - dabigatran, rivaroxaban and apixaban and new antiplatelet agents - ticagrelol and prasugrel. Outcomes of pilot studies: RE-LY, ROCKET AF, ARISTOTLE, PLATO a TIMI 38 TRITON and subsequent clinical experiences supported their usage. NPA have proved non-inferiority in incidence of stroke or systemic embolism. Moreover, apixaban and dabigatran with administration of 150 mg twice a day have proved superiority. In addition, all 3 molecules have been non-inferior in incidence of severe bleeding. Apixaban and dabigatran -110 mg twice a day have been proved as superior. Therefore, the guidelines favour NPA before warfarin in most patients. Previous antiplatelet agent - clopidogrel is ineffective due to genetic polymorphism in P450 (polymorphism of CYP2C19 and CYP3A4 allele -*1 isoforms in function,*2 and*3 non-functioning alleles) and due to failure of metabolic conversion to active molecule. This resistance depends on population and is present in 20-35% patients. New antiplatelet medications have faster and more homogenous onset in comparison with clopidogrel. Their metabolism is different and resistance is not so frequent. Prasugrel is contraindicated in patients after stroke or TIA, in elderly patients (more than 75 years) and in patients with weight less than 60 kg. Prasugrel has data of benefit especially in patients with STEMI or diabetes. Ticagrelor reduces mortality in patients with acute coronary syndrome concurrently without clinically significant bleeding comparing ticagrelor to clopidogrel administration. On the other hand, higher incidence of significant bleeding has been revealed unrelated to aortocoronary bypass with ticagrelor therapy, including higher incidence of fatal intracranial hemorrhage and reduced incidence of fatal hemorrhage of other types. Ticagrelor significantly reduced the primary end-point compared to clopidogrelu in patients with chronic kidney disease and creatinine clearance 30-60 ml/min. In addition, ticagrelor reduces all cause mortality in these patients. New antithrombotic agents have brought improvement not only in reducing the incidence of thrombotic and bleeding complications, but in decision-making algorithm as well. However, search for optimal therapy of thrombosis will clearly require more intensive clinical research. ER  - 
Clinical experience with novel oral antithrombotic drugs and some questions so far unanswered$$$ The recent introduction in the market of several novel oral anticoagulant (dabigatran, rivaroxaban, and apixaban) and antiplatelet drugs (ticagrelor and prasugrel) has been encouraged by positive results of pilot studies and has resulted in a massive explosion of publications, in part supported by companies and, in part, based on rapidly gained extensive experience with novel antithrombotic drugs. The overall clinical benefit of anticoagulant therapy is apparent virtually in all patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation, except for those with a CHA2DS2-VASc score of 0. If the CHA2DS2-VASc score is used, the proportion of patients with atrial fibrillation who should be treated with oral anticoagulants reaches 94%. Novel oral anticoagulant drugs have been shown in studies to be non-inferior in the incidence of stroke and systemic embolism; apixaban and dabigatran 150 mg twice a day have been shown to be superior. In this dose, dabigatran has been the only one to have been more effective in preventing ischaemic stroke. Likewise, all the novel oral anticoagulant drugs were non-inferior in the incidence of severe bleeding, with apixaban and dabigatran 110 mg twice a day being superior. There has also been progress in the treatment of patients with acute coronary syndrome. In the case of dual antiplatelet therapy with acetylsalicylic acid and clopidogrel routinely used so far, there is a problem of polymorphism in the cytochrome P450 system with variability in the therapeutic effect of clopidogrel. Due to failure of metabolic conversion to an active substance, clopidogrel can exhibit laboratory or clinical inefficacy in up to 20-35% of patients, depending on the population. Novel antiplatelet drugs have a more rapid and consistent onset of action compared to clopidogrel and, given their metabolism, there are fewer patients who are resistant to this group of drugs. Prasugrel is contraindicated in patients after stroke or transient ischaemic attack, those over 75 years of age, and those weighing under 60 kg, and its data show convenience of its administration particularly in patients with STEMI or diabetics. Ticagrelor reduces the mortality rate in patients with acute coronary syndrome, with no differences in severe bleeding between the groups treated with ticagrelor and clopidogrel, with a higher rate of major bleeding unrelated to aortocoronary bypass during ticagrelor administration, including a higher incidence of fatal intracranial bleeding and a lower incidence of fatal bleeding of other types. In patients with chronic kidney disease and a creatinine clearance of 30-60 ml/min, ticagrelor significantly reduces the primary end-point in comparison with clopidogrel. In patients with chronic kidney disease, ticagrelor also reduces all-cause mortality. ER  - 
Antiplatelet treatment in the secondary prevention of coronary and cerebrovascular disease: Is there any place for novel agents?$$$ Ischemic heart disease and cerebrovascular disease remain major health problems with associated mortality and quality-of-life consequences. Antiplatelet agents, including thienopyridines and the new P2Y12 inhibitors, have been shown to improve survival in the secondary prevention setting. We review the available evidence on the effectiveness and safety of previous established as well as novel antithrombotic agents in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease with a special focus on cerebrovascular disease. © The Author(s) 2013. ER  - 
Early clopidogrel versus prasugrel use among contemporary STEMI and NSTEMI patients in the US: Insights from the national cardiovascular data registry$$$ Background: P2Y12 antagonist therapy improves outcomes in acute myocardial infarction (MI) patients. Novel agents in this class are now available in the US. We studied the introduction of prasugrel into contemporary MI practice to understand the appropriateness of its use and assess for changes in antiplatelet management practices. Methods and Results: Using ACTION Registry-GWTG (Get-with-the-Guidelines), we evaluated patterns of P2Y12 antagonist use within 24 hours of admission in 100 228 ST elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) and 158 492 Non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) patients at 548 hospitals between October 2009 and September 2012. Rates of early P2Y12 antagonist use were approximately 90% among STEMI and 57% among NSTEMI patients. From 2009 to 2012, prasugrel use increased significantly from 3% to 18% (5% to 30% in STEMI; 2% to 10% in NSTEMI; P for trend <0.001 for all). During the same period, we observed a decrease in use of early but not discharge P2Y12 antagonist among NSTEMI patients. Although contraindicated, 3.0% of patients with prior stroke received prasugrel. Prasugrel was used in 1.9% of patients ≥75 years and 4.5% of patients with weight <60 kg. In both STEMI and NSTEMI, prasugrel was most frequently used in patients at the lowest predicted risk for bleeding and mortality. Despite lack of supporting evidence, prasugrel was initiated before cardiac catheterization in 18% of NSTEMI patients. Conclusions: With prasugrel as an antiplatelet treatment option, contemporary practice shows low uptake of prasugrel and delays in P2Y12 antagonist initiation among NSTEMI patients. We also note concerning evidence of inappropriate use of prasugrel, and inadequate targeting of this more potent therapy to maximize the benefit/risk ratio. © 014 The Authors. ER  - 
Overview of pleiotropic effects of platelet P2Y12 receptor inhibitors$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy consisting of one of the P2Y12 receptor inhibitors in conjunction with aspirin is the mainstay of treatment for patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and those undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions (PCI). In recent years, multiple extra-platelet features of P2Y12 receptor antagonists have been reported in numerous clinical trials. The aim of this review is to summarise reported pleiotropic effects of clopidogrel, prasugrel, ticagrelor and other P2Y12 receptor blockers. We included observations made both in human and in animal models, together with proposed mechanisms of action for described features. If confirmed in randomised studies and properly applied to everyday practice, the observed extraplatelet actions could enable us to improve efficacy of ACS and postPCI treatment, as well as to confine mortality and occurrence rate of cardiovascular events. © Schattauer 2014. ER  - 
Platelet reactivity and cardiovascular events after percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with stable coronary artery disease: The Stent Thrombosis in Belgium (STIB) trial$$$ Aims: The Stent Thrombosis In Belgium (STIB) trial aimed to determine whether assessing platelet reactivity (PR) in patients with stable coronary artery disease undergoing elective percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) could predict the risk of ischaemic complications and adverse clinical events up to 30 days post PCI. Methods and results: PR before intervention was determined in 891 patients undergoing PCI for stable angina pectoris. Twelve to 24 hours before PCI, all patients received a 600 mg clopidogrel dose followed by 75 mg daily, and 500 mg of aspirin followed by 80-100 mg daily. Residual PR was assessed by VerifyNow point-of-care aspirin and P2Y12 assay before PCI. "Non-responders" to antiplatelet therapy were defined as aspirin reaction unit (ARU) >550 and as P2Y12 reaction unit (PRU) >230. The endpoint of the study was the composite of periprocedural myonecrosis, stent thrombosis, non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI), stroke and death at 30 days in patients with or without high PR. The endpoint was observed in 180 patients: four deaths, one stroke, 11 Q-wave MI, three non-Q-wave MI and 161 periprocedural myonecroses. At multivariate analysis, the endpoint was predicted by total stent length (OR: 1.020), GFR <60 ml/min (OR: 1.87), history of PCI (OR: 0.58), white blood cell count (OR: 1.95) and diabetes (OR: 1.83). No significant association was found between residual PR and the primary endpoint or any of its components. Conclusions: PR measured before PCI in stable patients undergoing elective PCI who are preloaded with 500 mg of aspirin and 600 mg of clopidogrel is not predictive of periprocedural myocardial injury or adverse ischaemic complications up to 30 days. © Europa Digital & Publishing 2014. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cardiovascular pharmacogenetics of anti-thrombotic agents and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs$$$ The use of antithrombotic agents, particularly antiplatelet drugs like aspirin and clopidogrel, has been instrumental in decreasing the risk for adverse cardiovascular events across a wide range of patients. However, despite the established benefits, the use of these medications remains suboptimal. There is a high degree of inter-individual variation in response to these treatments, whereby patients experience occlusive thromboembolic events, in spite of maintaining an appropriate treatment regimen. This has lead to the notion of antithrombotic "resistance" or "poor responders", which has been a growing concern amongst clinicians and other healthcare providers. Compounding this matter even further, reports of increased cardiovascular risk associated with the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), such as ibuprofen and naproxen, have revealed additional and unforeseen contributors to myocardial infarction and stroke. With all medications, striking a balance between the potential risks and benefits seems more art than science at times. However, given their widespread use and critical cardiovascular implications, further emphasis has been placed on understanding factors influencing antithrombotic and NSAID therapies. A major aim in cardiovascular pharmacogenetics is the discovery of genetic biomarkers that will allow for prospective screening and individualized prediction of drug efficacy and adverse reactions for these medications (both alone and together) within the context of cardiovascular disease. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
[Historical and future perspective of antithrombotic agents].$$$ Antithrombotic agents including antiplatelet and anticoagulant ones are effective in prevention of thrombotic diseases such as myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, and venous thrombosis. Aspirin is the most commonly used antiplatelet agent, which has strong evidence to prevent cardiovascular death in patients with acute myocardial infarction. Clopidogrel is also commonly used antiplatelet agents, which is now known to block P2Y12 ADP receptor. New generation of P2Y12 ADP antagonists including prasugrel and ticagrelor are available, but only in patients with acute coronary syndrome. We have used warfarin for more than 50 years. Warfarin is a potent anticoagulant agent to prevent functional completion of vitamin K dependent coagulant factors. New generation of oral anticoagulants were developed, but some were shown not to strong enough in prevention of thrombotic complication in patients with artificial valve. All antithrombotic agents have limitations. Most important limitation is to increase the incidence of serious bleeding complication. Future progress of our understanding for the mechanisms of the onset of thrombotic diseases is essentially important to develop better antithrombotic agents. ER  - 
[Treatment of anti-thrombotic therapy in coronary artery disease].$$$ Anti-platelet therapy is well known to reduce coronary events such as mortality, myocardial infarction and improving the prognosis in patients with coronary artery disease. In addition, dual antiplatelet therapy(DAPT) using aspirin and thienopyridine (usually clopidogrel) is a standard regimen after stenting as one of the standard therapy of revascularization. Recently, drug eluting stents (DES) were developed for preventing restenosis after bare metal stent; however, stent thrombosis after DES has been increasing for long-term period. Polymorphism of CYP2C19 affecting clopidogrel activity might be one cause of such problems. New anti-platelet drugs have been developed to overcome this point. For preventing stent thrombosis, long-term DAPT is necessary right now and lead the occasional bleeding complications. On the other hands, novel oral anti-coagulant drugs have been used for the stroke prevention in patient with atrial fibrillation instead of antivitamin K drug. Several clinical trials are now ongoing to investigate the utility of NOAC in patients with coronary artery disease. In this review, anti-thrombotic treatment for the patients with coronary artery disease from the past to the future is discussed. ER  - 
Translational paradigms in pharmacology and drug discovery$$$ The translational sciences represent the core element in enabling and utilizing the output from the biomedical sciences and to improving drug discovery metrics by reducing the attrition rate as compounds move from preclinical research to clinical proof of concept. Key to understanding the basis of disease causality and to developing therapeutics is an ability to accurately diagnose the disease and to identify and develop safe and effective therapeutics for its treatment. The former requires validated biomarkers and the latter, qualified targets. Progress has been hampered by semantic issues, specifically those that define the end product, and by scientific issues that include data reliability, an overt reductionistic cultural focus and a lack of hierarchically integrated data gathering and systematic analysis. A necessary framework for these activities is represented by the discipline of pharmacology, efforts and training in which require recognition and revitalization. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
How to manage prasugrel and ticagrelor in daily practice$$$ Prasugrel and ticagrelor are next-generation antiplatelet agents that provide a rapider and more potent inhibition of platelet P2Y12 receptor than clopidogrel. In combination with aspirin, these new P2Y12 inhibitors are now the first line treatments for patients with acute coronary syndrome. However, these potent antiplatelet agents introduce a new paradigm in the daily management of antithrombotic drugs, particularly when an invasive procedure is planned. The pharmacology of these antiplatelet agents, and the results of the main clinical trials, are reviewed with a special focus on good prescription practices (indications, contra-indications, drug interactions), and on peri-operative management. Strategies are proposed for safely reducing the bleeding risk in elderly patients, in patients requiring concomitant oral anticoagulant therapy, or in patients with an increased haemorrhagic risk. © 2014 European Federation of Internal Medicine. ER  - 
Carotid artery stenting outcomes: Do they correlate with antiplatelet response assays?$$$ Objective: Limited data exist regarding the use of antiplatelet response assays during neuroendovascular intervention. We report outcomes after carotid artery stenting (CAS) based on aspirin and P2Y12 assays. Methods: We retrospectively identified patients who had aspirin and P2Y12 assays at the time of stenting. Aspirin (325 mg) and clopidogrel (75 mg) were started 7-10 days pre-intervention. If not possible, aspirin (650 mg) and clopidogrel (600 mg) loading doses were given pre-intervention. Assays were checked on postoperative day 0/1. Outcomes included neurological ischemic sequela at 30 days, 1 and 2 years, as well as 30 day death/hemorrhage/myocardial infarction. Results: 449 patients were included. Mean P2Y12 reaction unit (PRU) values were higher in patients with an ipsilateral ischemic event (stroke/transient ischemic attack (TIA)) or stroke (alone) at 1 and 2 years than in patients with no events: ischemic event versus no event at 1 year, 252 vs 202 (p=0.008); stroke versus no stroke at 1 year, 252 versus 203(p=0.029); ischemic event versus no event at 2 years, 244 vs 203 (p=0.047); stroke versus no stroke at 2 years, 243 versus 203 (p=0.082). Ischemic event free survival (stroke/TIA, p=0.0268) and overall survival (p=0.0291) post-CAS were longer in patients with PRU ≤198 compared with an initial threshold of PRU ≤237. Mean PRU values were higher in patients who died from all causes at 30 days than in survivors (p=0.031). No correlation was found between lower PRU values and hemorrhage. Aspirin reaction units did not correlate with outcome. Conclusions: PRU ≤198 may be associated with a lower incidence of ischemic neurological sequela and death post-CAS. Prospective studies are needed to validate the relationship between antiplatelet assays and outcomes post-CAS. ER  - 
Antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel dose adjustment (75 mg/d vs 150 mg/d) after carotid stenting$$$ Objective Clopidogrel plays a central role in the treatment of patients undergoing carotid artery stenting (CAS). The objective was to evaluate the effect of clopidogrel (75 mg/d) on platelet reactivity in responders and nonresponders and the antiplatelet effect of different doses of clopidogrel in patients with high on-treatment reactivity (OTR) after CAS. Methods Patients with high OTR (defined by VerifyNow (Accumetrics, San Diego, Calif) assay as ≥230 P2Y12 reaction units [PRU]) were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to group 1 (standard-dose clopidogrel therapy: 75 mg/d for 30 days) or group 2 (high-dose clopidogrel: 150 mg/d for 30 days). Results The study enrolled 214 patients. Of these, 115 (53.7%) were clopidogrel responders (group 0), and 99 (46.3%) had high OTR (clopidogrel nonresponders); of which, 50 were randomly assigned to group 1 and 49 to group 2. At baseline, the PRU value did not differ between group 1 (288.50 ± 46) and group 2 (295.45 ± 47.2; P =.308). Patients displayed reduced mean platelet reactivity levels at 30 days in group 1 (238.96 ± 72.25; P <.001) and group 2 (201.85 ± 77.8; P <.001). Although high-dose clopidogrel resulted in more intense platelet function inhibition, the differences between median 30-day PRU values (P =.483) and the percentage change of PRU (P =.442) for groups 1 and 2 were not significant. The incidences of transient ischemic attack, stroke, or death at up to 30 days after CAS in the high-OTR patients were similar between groups 1 and 2 (P =.481). Conclusions Patients with high OTR undergoing CAS treated with standard-dose and double-dose clopidogrel had significantly reduced platelet reactivity after 30 days. The double dose did not result in statistically significantly greater reductions in reactivity compared with the standard dose. Copyright © 2014 by the Society for Vascular Surgery. ER  - 
Switching from clopidogrel to prasugrel in patients having coronary stent implantation$$$ There are very few clinical data concerning the safety of switching from clopidogrel to prasugrel in patients undergoing coronary stenting. However, in the daily activity, clinicians face the decision of switching patients at high-risk of thrombotic events from clopidogrel to prasugrel. Thus, we sought to evaluate clinical events in patients undergoing coronary stent implantation and prasugrel therapy with (SWITCH group) or without (NAÏVE group) prior clopidogrel therapy. A total of 454 patients with stable or unstable coronary artery disease, aged 70 ± 10 years, underwent non-emergent stent implantation and received prasugrel therapy. Of these, 315 (69 %) patients received clopidogrel before switching to prasugrel therapy. In 239 patients with high residual platelet reactivity (HRPR) on clopidogrel, prasugrel decreased platelet aggregation from 72 ± 11 to 43 ± 16 % (p < 0.001). There was no difference in in-hospital major or minor TIMI bleeding (2.8 vs. 4.3 %; p = 0.411) between the SWITCH and NAÏVE groups as well as in mortality, acute stent thrombosis, reinfarction and stroke rates. At multivariable analysis, independent predictors of bleeding were female gender (OR 5.56 [1.41-19.88] p = 0.014) and chronic renal failure (OR 6.27 [1.59-21.65] p = 0.009), but switching therapy did not. This result was confirmed after switching propensity score adjustment (c-statistic 0.81; Hosmer-Lemeshow test p = 860). Switching from clopidogrel to prasugrel in patients undergoing non-emergent coronary stent implantation seems to be tolerated with no overt signs of increased bleeding. © 2014 Springer Science+Business Media. ER  - 
High on-treatment platelet reactivity in patients with ischemic cerebrovascular disease: Assessment of prevalence and stability over time using four platelet function tests$$$ High on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR), referred to as a higher than expected platelet reactivity in patients under antiplatelet therapy, could influence outcome in cerebrovascular disease (CVD), but its prevalence and its stability over time is uncertain. Platelet reactivity was assessed in 18 patients with ischemic stroke/transient ischemic attack (TIA) 7 days (D7) and 90 days (D90) after prescription of clopidogrel, using four methods: light transmission aggregometry with 5μmol/l ADP (LTA-ADP), vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP), Verify Now P2Y12 and platelet function analyzer (PFA) P2Y. HTPR was defined as LTA-ADP more than 46%; PFA-100-P2Y closure time less than 106 s; VerifyNow P2Y12, PRU greater than 235, VASP, PRI greater than 50%. Patients displayed, both at D7 and D90, a marked inhibition of platelet reactivity towards ADP in all tests as compared with reference levels. Correlations between the results obtained with all the tests at D7 and D90 and between measurements on each day in each test were low-to-moderate. The prevalence of HTPR for all the tests was 40% at D7 and 42% at D90. There was a moderate degree of agreement (k statistic < 0.5) between tests with regard to categorizing patients as HTPR/No-HTPR (D7 and D90). The on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity phenotype, HTPR/No-HTPR, remained stable in 55-72% of patients, depending on the test. A high prevalence of HTPR is found among CVD patients treated with clopidogrel and this platelet reactivity phenotype remains over time. There is poor agreement between the different platelet function tests for categorizing the platelet reactivity phenotype in these patients. The new PFA-100 P2Y equals other platelet function assays for evaluating HTPR in CVD. Copyright © Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Impact of new P2Y12 blockers on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes after acute coronary syndrome: Insight from a large single center registry$$$ Background: We retrospectively studied the impact of the introduction of new P2Y12 inhibitors (prasugrel, ticagrelor) on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes after Acute Coronary Syndrome (ACS) from a large single center registry. Methods: Consecutive patients admitted for ACS since 2007 and discharged on dual antiplatelet therapy were enrolled. Biological response was assessed one month after discharge by PRI VASP and ADP-induced aggregation (%ADP). Patients were classified according to PRI VASP as very low on-treatment platelet reactivity (VLTPR) (PRI VASP. ≤. 10%), low on-treatment platelet reactivity (LTPR) (PRI VASP. ≤. 20%) and high on-treatment platelet reactivity HTPR (PRI VASP. > 50%). Ischemic and bleeding complications were reported. Results: 1999 patients were analyzed, 605 before (July 2007-February 2010) and 1394 after introduction of new P2Y12 blockers (February 2010-August 2013). After introduction, we reported a significant lower PRI VASP values (38%. ±. 0.53 vs. 42%. ±. 0.81 p. = 0.001), %ADP aggregation (52%. ±. 0.4 vs. 54%. ±. 0.6 p. = 0.03) and HTPR incidence (22% versus 34% OR [95% CI]:0.65 [0.53-0.80]; p. < 0.001). Conversely, incidence of VLTPR and LTPR were significantly higher after the introduction of new P2Y12 inhibitors: 6% versus 3% (OR [95% CI]: 2.0 [1.2-3.3]; p. < 0.01) and 19% versus 8% (OR [95% CI]: 2.8 [2.0-3.9]; p. < 0.001) respectively. Clinical follow-up confirmed biological findings with higher incidence of bleeding 10% versus 5% (OR [95% CI]: 2.1 [1.4-3.2]; p. < 0.01) and lower incidence of stent thrombosis 1.3% versus 3.3% (OR [95% CI]: 0.39 [0.20-0.73]; p. < 0.01) with new P2Y12 blockers. Conclusion: The introduction of new P2Y12 inhibitors modified both platelet reactivity and clinical outcome of ACS patients, with higher rate of hyper responders and bleedings, and lower rate of non responders and thrombotic events. ER  - 
CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction patients - Rationale and design of the Patient Outcome after primary PCI (POPular) Genetics study$$$ Rationale In patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) who undergo primary percutaneous coronary intervention (pPCI), the use of dual antiplatelet therapy is essential to prevent atherothrombotic complications. Therefore, patients are treated with acetylsalicylic acid and clopidogrel, prasugrel, or ticagrelor. Clopidogrel, however, shows a major interindividual variation in antiplatelet effect, which is correlated to an increase in atherothrombotic events in patients with high platelet reactivity. This interindividual variation is partly a result of CYP2C19 genetic variants. Ticagrelor and prasugrel reduce atherothrombotic events but increase bleeding rate and drug costs, as compared with clopidogrel. CYP2C19-based tailoring of antiplatelet therapy might be beneficial to STEMI patients. Study design POPular Genetics (NCT01761786) is a randomized, open-label, multicenter trial involving 2,700 STEMI patients who undergo pPCI. Patients are randomized to CYP2C19 genotyping or routine ticagrelor or prasugrel treatment. In the genotyping group,*1/*1 (wild-type) patients receive clopidogrel, and patients carrying 1 or 2*2 or*3 loss-of-function alleles receive ticagrelor or prasugrel. The primary net clinical benefit end point is the composite of death, (recurrent) myocardial infarction, definite stent thrombosis, stroke, and Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes (PLATO) major bleeding at 1 year. Primary safety end point is the composite of (PLATO) major and minor bleeding. Cost-effectiveness and quality of life will be assessed by calculating quality-adjusted life-years, net costs per life-year, and per quality-adjusted life-year gained. Conclusion The POPular Genetics study is the first large-scale trial comparing CYP2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy to a nontailored strategy in terms of net clinical benefit, safety, and cost-effectiveness. © 2014 Mosby, Inc. ER  - 
Serial clopidogrel dose adjustment after platelet function testing improves outcome of acute coronary syndrome patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with high on-treatment platelet reactivity$$$ High on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) on clopidogrel correlates with adverse outcomes in patients treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Whether HTPR is a modifiable risk factor for future events is not clear. We evaluated the effect of serial clopidogrel dose adjustment based on platelet function testing (PFT) during 12 months of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) using Multiplate<sup>®</sup> analyzer in patients with HTPR after PCI in acute coronary syndrome on clinical outcome. Eighty-seven patients were randomized to interventional (n = 43) and control group (n = 44). Blood samples for PFT were drawn at day 1, 2, 3, 7, 30 and at month 2, 3, 6, 9 and 12. Clopidogrel dose was modified at each point of PFT in the interventional group with patients taking up to two additional 600 mg loading doses and a range of 75–300 mg maintenance dose to achieve and maintain optimal platelet reactivity (19–46 U). The incidence of the primary endpoint (composite of cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, target vessel revascularization and ischemic stroke) was significantly higher in the control group (36.3 vs 16.2 %; p = 0.034). There were no differences in total bleeding events (6.8 vs 4.6 %, p = ns). Patients in the interventional group maintained better P2Y<inf>12</inf> inhibition during follow-up. We hypothesize that targeting the therapeutic window of platelet reactivity continuously throughout DAPT by dose adjustment of P2Y<inf>12</inf> inhibitor may lead to better platelet reactivity control, and thus reduce the rate of ischemic complications in this high risk group of patients. ER  - 
The roles and issues of P2Y12 percent inhibition assessed by verifynow assay for patients undergoing neurointervention: A prospective study$$$ Background Antiplatelet agents have an important role in the prevention of ischemic complications during endovascular treatment. The aim of this study was to identify correlations between the clinical outcomes of neurointervention. This study also aimed to determine the optimal cutoff for P2Y12 percent inhibition to prevent ischemic and bleeding complications and to confirm the accuracy of the cutoff value. Methods A prospective study was conducted for all patients (n = 66) who received antiplatelet therapy during neurointervention at Toyama University Hospital during a 25-month period. Platelet reactivity was measured before the procedure using the VerifyNow and filter pressure methods. The primary outcome was the 30-day incidence of adverse clinical events, defined as ischemic or bleeding events, in relation to P2Y12 percent inhibition distribution. Results Multivariate analysis showed that P2Y12 percent inhibition was an independent predictor for bleeding (P =.021, odds ratio [OR] = 3.45; 95% confidence interval [CI], 2.31-4.88) and ischemic (P =.045, OR = 3.63; 95% CI, 2.11-7.12) events. In receiver operating characteristic curve analysis, P2Y12 percent inhibition could significantly discriminate between patients with and without bleeding and ischemic events. The optimal cutoffs for bleeding (74%) and ischemic events (26%) were used to define 3 groups: those with poor response, sufficient response, and hyper-response. Ischemic and bleeding complications were significantly different among the 3 groups. Conclusions Optimal threshold, measured using the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay, can be identified using specific thresholds (26% < percent inhibition < 74%) to define patients at lower risk for ischemic and bleeding events. The threshold for hyper-response can highly predict bleeding events in perioperative period. On the other hands, cutoff value for poor response may be affected by various factors. © 2014 by National Stroke Association. ER  - 
Current antithrombotic therapy in patients with acute coronary syndromes undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions$$$ Acute coronary syndromes (ACS) represent a life-threatening complication of the systemic atherosclerotic process, affecting the coronary circulation. Thrombosis, defined as an uncontrolled activation of the endogenous thrombogenetic reparative process, often follows atherosclerotic plaque damage and is mainly engaged by two main pathways: platelet aggregation and coagulation. Therefore, antithrombotic therapy to modulate either pathway plays an important role for the reduction of ischaemic adverse events in ACS patients. Since the advent of aspirin and warfarin, numerous antiaggregant and anticoagulant molecules have been developed to achieve this goal, but their anti-ischaemic efficacy is often obtained at the price of augmented bleedings, which are known to be strong predictors of adverse outcome. This article briefly reviews the physiopathological mechanisms of thrombosis and presents an overview of the available literature supporting the use of these major drugs, as well as the European Society of Cardiology recommendations for their utilisation in the setting of non-ST and ST-elevation myocardial infarction undergoing invasive treatment. ER  - 
Cost-utility analysis of genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy in patients with moderate-to- high risk acute coronary syndrome and planned percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Background: Prasugrel is recommended over clopidogrel in poor/intermediate CYP2C19 metabolizers with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and planned percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), reducing the risk of ischemic events. CYP2C19 genetic testing can guide antiplatelet therapy in ACS patients. Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the cost-utility of genotype-guided treatment, compared with prasugrel or generic clopidogrel treatment without genotyping, from the US healthcare provider’s perspective. Methods: A decision model was developed to project lifetime economic and humanistic burden associated with clinical outcomes (myocardial infarction [MI], stroke and major bleeding) for the three strategies in patients with ACS. Probabilities, costs and age-adjusted quality of life were identified through systematic literature review. Incremental cost-utility ratios (ICURs) were calculated for the treatment strategies, with quality-adjusted life years (QALYs) as the primary effectiveness outcome. Relative risk of developing myocardial infarction and stroke between patients with and without variant CYP2C19 when receiving clopidogrel were estimated to be 1.34 and 3.66, respectively. One-way and probabilistic sensitivity analyses were performed. Results: Clopidogrel cost USD19,147 and provided 10.03 QALYs versus prasugrel (USD21,425, 10.04 QALYs) and genotype-guided therapy (USD19,231, 10.05 QALYs). The ICUR of genotype-guided therapy compared with clopidogrel was USD4,200. Genotype-guided therapy provided more QALYs at lower costs compared with prasugrel. Results were sensitive to the cost of clopidogrel and relative risk of myocardial infarction and stroke between CYP2C19 variant vs. non-variant. Net monetary benefit curves showed that genotype-guided therapy had at least 70% likelihood of being the most cost-effective alternative at a willingness-to-pay of USD100,000/QALY. In comparison with clopidogrel, prasugrel therapy was more cost-effective with <21% certainty at willingness-to- pay of >USD170,000/QALY. Conclusions: Our modeling analyses suggest that genotype-guided therapy is a cost-effective strategy in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing planned percutaneous coronary intervention. ER  - 
What could be changed in the 2012 Taiwan ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction guideline?$$$ The 2012 guidelines of the Taiwan Society of Cardiology for the management of ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) is an important reference commonly used by a variety of medical professionals in Taiwan. However, there are several points thatmay need to be changed or added to the 2012 edition due to the scientific development. First, timely primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) has become the major reperfusion therapy in Taiwan. Immediate transfer to qualified PCI-capable hospitals by ambulance for all STEMI patients is the preferred strategy. Second, dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and P2Y12 inhibitor is important for STEMI patients. The newer P2Y12 inhibitors, ticagrelor or prasugrel, have amore potent platelet inhibitory effect and can be used for STEMI patients prepared for primary PCI if there is no contraindication. Third, aspiration thrombectomy and newer generation drug-eluting stents can be considered during primary PCI. For patients with multivessel disease, typically only an infarct-related artery should be treated at the time of primary PCI. All these evidencebased suggestions together provide an ideal initial treatment strategy for acute STEMI in Taiwan. ER  - 
Persistent drug interaction between aprepitant and warfarin in patients receiving anticancer chemotherapy$$$ Case We describe two cases in which treatment with aprepitant persistently altered antithrombotic control in patients receiving warfarin. A 60-year-old man received 5 weekly cycles of chemotherapy. Aprepitant was administered as a 3-day regimen from the second cycle of chemotherapy. In each of the chemotherapy cycles that included aprepitant, the therapeutic international normalized ratio (INR) decreased markedly to <1.6, and slowly recovered over several weeks. A 47-year-old woman was treated with 4 weekly cycles of chemotherapy. Aprepitant was administered as a 3-day regimen. On day 8 of the first cycle of chemotherapy, the patient’s INR fell markedly to 1.1. Although warfarin dosage was steadily increased over the four subsequent cycles of chemotherapy, therapeutic target range was not recovered. INR gradually returned to normal during the 2 months after the final cycle of chemotherapy. Conclusion To our knowledge, this is the first case report to document the effects of aprepitant in cancer patients receiving anticoagulation therapy. ER  - 
Optimizing selection of antithrombotic therapy in patients requiring PCI and long term anticoagulation$$$ There remains clinical equipoise in the appropriate selection of antiplatelet therapy for the patient on long-term anticoagulation requiring percutaneous coronary intervention. Since most of these patients represent an increasingly aging population, the significant risk of thromboembolism and stent thrombosis must be weighed against the risk of major bleeding. This article reviews the current state of evidence to provide a framework for the practicing clinician. ER  - 
Association between silent embolic cerebral infarction and continuous increase of P2Y12 reaction units after neurovascular stenting$$$ Object. Endovascular procedures are one of the important treatment options for steno-occlusive arteries in ischemic stroke patients. However, embolic complications after such procedures are always a concern. The authors investigated the association between serial change of residual platelet reactivity and silent embolic cerebral infarction (SECI) after endovascular treatment. Methods. Ischemic stroke patients undergoing stenting of intra- or extracranial arteries were recruited prospectively. Residual platelet reactivity, represented by aspirin reaction units (ARUs) and P2Y12 reaction units (PRUs), was measured serially (6 hours before, immediately after, and 24 hours after the procedure). A loading dosage of aspirin (500 mg) and/or clopidogrel (300 mg) was given 24 hours before the procedure to patients naïve to antiplatelet agents, whereas the usual dosage (aspirin 100 mg and clopidogrel 75 mg) was continued for patients who had previously been taking these agents for more than a week. Diffusion-weighted MRI was performed before and 24 hours after the procedure to detect new SECIs. Clinical characteristics, baseline ARU and PRU values, and the change in ARU and PRU values after stenting were compared between patients with and without SECIs. Results. Among 69 consecutive patients who underwent neurovascular stent insertion, 41 patients (59.4%) had poststenting SECIs. The lesion was located only at the vascular territory of the stented vessel in 21 patients (51.2%), outside the stented vessel territory in 8 patients (19.5%), and both inside and outside in 12 patients (29.3%). The occurrence of SECIs was not associated with the baseline ARU or PRU value, but was associated with PRU increase after stenting (36 ± 73 vs -12 ± 59, p = 0.007), deployment of a longer stent (31.1 ± 16.5 mm vs 21.8 ± 9.9 mm, p = 0.01), and stent insertion in extracranial arteries (78.1% vs 45.2%, p = 0.008). Stent length (OR 1.066, p = 0.01) and PRU change (OR 1.009, p = 0.04) were independently associated with the occurrence of SECI. Conclusions. Residual platelet reactivity after dual antiplatelet treatment measured before stenting did not predict poststenting SECI. However, the longer stent and the serial increase of PRU values after stenting were related to SECI. Continuous increase of platelet activation after endovascular procedure may be important in poststent cerebral infarction. ER  - 
Risk factors for cardiovascular events and bleeding complications following non-cardiac surgery or procedure in patients with drug eluting stent placement$$$ Objectives Previous studies suggest an increased incidence of cardiovascular (CV) events after P2Y12 receptor blocker cessation. The aim of this study was to examine the effect of P2Y12 receptor blocker cessation and other risk factors on the risk of CV events and bleeding events after non-cardiac surgery/procedure in patients with drug-eluting stents (DES). Design Retrospective cohort study. Setting Single large healthcare system in the northeast of the USA. Patients All adult patients who had a coronary drug eluting stent (DES) placed between 2002 and 2007 in our institution. Interventions No randomised intervention. The principal exposure was cessation of P2Y12 receptor blocker. Methods This was a retrospective study of all adult patients who had a coronary DES placed between 2002 and 2007 in our institution. We considered all non-cardiac procedures up to 1 year after DES placement. Generalised estimating equations were used to identify the independent risk factors. Multiple imputations were used to replace missing values. Main outcome measures The outcomes were CV events including death from any cause and bleeding, occurring within 30 days after the procedure. Results From 2002 to 2007, 6397 patients had DES, 873 (13.6%) had at least one non-cardiac procedure. A total of 3.6% (33/927) of the admissions were complicated by at least one cardiovascular event and 6.9% (55/795) were complicated by bleeding. Urgent procedure (versus elective) was the only independent risk factor for CV events (OR=4.82, 95% CI 1.95 to 11.89). Older age, diabetes, urgent procedures, orthopaedic and vascular surgery compared to unclassified surgery were independent risk factors for bleeding. Conclusions Non-cardiac procedures are common within 1 year after DES placement. Urgent nature of procedure is a risk factor for CV events and bleeding complications. Older age, diabetes, type of surgery, are risk factors associated only with bleeding events. ER  - 
The influence of CYP2C19 gene polymorphism on efficacy of combinational antiplatelet therapy for cerebral small vessel disease$$$ Objective: To investigate the effect of CYP2C19 gene polymorphism on the efficacy of standard-dose clopidogrel plus aspirin in patients with transient ischemic attack (TIA). Methods: The genetic polymorphism of CYP2C19 was identified, then the efficacy of clopidogrel in different CYP2C19*2 genotype groups was compared. Results: A total of 573 TIA patients participated in the clinical study after genetic testing, among whom 56 carrying CYP2C19*2 homozygotes, 244 carrying CYP2C19*2 allele heterozygotes. The patients were assigned to wild type group (n=273) and mutant group (n=300). The statistical analysis showed that the two groups had similar demographic characteristics at baseline (P>0.05). Clopidogrel had weaker protective effect in patients with CYP2C19*2 allele (mutant group) than in patients with wild-type taking the same dose of clopidogrel (OR=6.12, 95% confidence interval [4.37, 8.60], P=0.001), while with less bleeding events (OR=10.19, 95% confidence interval [1.28, 80.99], P=0.017). Conclusion: CYP2C19*2 gene mutation may lead to decreased platelet reactivity and significantly lower risk of bleeding in patients taking clopidogrel. It is suggested that CYP2C19*2 genetic testing be taken, and the dose of clopidogrel be adjusted according to the count of platelets to reduce bleeding events. ER  - 
VASP phosphorylation and genetic polymorphism for clopidogrel resistance in Chinese patients with non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke$$$ Background Clopidogrel resistance(CR)is found in non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke (NCIS) patients. However, it is still largely unknown how to identify CR in NCIS patients by laboratory and genetic characteristics. Methods A total of 95 patients with acute NCIS were recruited. Phosphorylation of the vasodilator stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) was detected using flow cytometry, and genes(CYP2C19,CYP3A4) were detected using the Sanger method. The baseline of platelet reactivity index (BPRI) before clopidogrel treatment and the platelet reactivity index with clopidogrel treatment (CPRI) for 7 days were measured. Laboratory clopidogrel resistance (LCR) was defined as CPRI of ≥ 50%.Clinical clopidogrel resistance (CCR) was defined as the presence of progressive stroke during hospitalization, stroke recurrence or occurrence of other ischemic vascular events within 6 months. Results The incidence of LCR was 41.05% and 18.95% developed CCR. The incidence of LCR was significantly higher in GA/AA patients with CYP2C19 (681G > A) (χ2 = 11.16, P = 0.001) and CYP2C19 (636G > A) (χ2 = 4.829, P = 0.028) than in wildtype GG patients. CYP2C19 (681G > A) (OR 6.272, 95%CI 2.162,18.199,P = 0.001) and CYP2C19 (636G > A) (OR: 5.625,95%CI 1.439, 21.583,P = 0.013) were risk factors for LCR. patients with LCR were more likely to develop CCR (χ2 = 6.021, P = 0.014). The probability of CCR was markedly increased in GA/AA patients with CYP2C19 (681G > A) (χ2 = 10.341, P = 0.001). We identified CYP2C19 (681G > A) (OR 7.814, 95%CI 1.816, 33.618 P = 0.006), Essen score (OR 8.351, 95%CI 1.848, 37.745 P = 0.006), and LCR (OR 5.881, 95%CI 1.373, 25.192, P = 0.017) as risk factors for CCR. Conclusion In clinical practice,LCR and CYP2C19 gene polymorphism should be assessed in NCIS patients receiving clopidogrel treatment. The Chinese Clinical Trial Registry number: ChiCTR-ONC-13003406. ER  - 
Vorapaxar with or without clopidogrel after non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes: Results from the thrombin receptor antagonist for clinical event reduction in acute coronary syndrome trial$$$ Background: Protease-activated receptor 1 antagonism with vorapaxar represents a novel strategy for platelet inhibition. In TRACER, vorapaxar was compared with placebo plus standard of care among 12,944 patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes. We anticipated that most patients would have received clopidogrel as part of standard care. We investigated the modification of vorapaxar's effect associated with clopidogrel use over time. Methods: The marginal structural model method was used to estimate causal modification of vorapaxar effect by use of clopidogrel over time. The primary outcomes were the composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke and Global Use of Strategies to Open Occluded Coronary Arteries moderate or severe bleeding. The event accrual period excluded the time during which clopidogrel was clinically warranted. Results: Among 12,887 patients who received study medication, 11,117 (86.3%) received clopidogrel before randomization, of whom 38.5% stopped later in the trial (median time to stoppage 200 days with placebo; interquartile range [IQR] 14-367) (186 days with vorapaxar; IQR 17-366). In total, 1,770 (13.7%) patients were not on clopidogrel at randomization, of whom 47.8% started afterward (median time to start 2 days; IQR 2-4). During the period of event accrual, vorapaxar was associated with a 26% reduction in the composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke when used with clopidogrel (hazard ratio [HR] 0.74; 95% CI 0.60-0.91) and a 24% reduction when used without clopidogrel (HR 0.76; 95% CI 0.56-1.02) (interaction; P = .89). The hazard of Global Use of Strategies to Open Occluded Coronary Arteries bleeding with vorapaxar was not significantly different without clopidogrel (HR 1.33; 95% CI 0.81-2.20) or with clopidogrel (HR 1.09; 95% CI 0.76-1.56) (interaction; P = .53). Conclusions: We observed no interaction between vorapaxar and clopidogrel after non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes on efficacy or safety outcomes, supporting a complementary role of protease-activated receptor 1 and P2Y12 antagonism. ER  - 
The potential role of anticoagulant therapy for the secondary prevention of ischemic events post-acute coronary syndrome$$$ The use of dual antiplatelet therapy has led to a substantial reduction in ischemic events post-acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Despite this, recurrent event rates remain high. Recent research has combined antiplatelet with anticoagulant therapy to reduce recurrent event rates further. Compared with standard medical therapy, rivaroxaban demonstrated improved efficacy outcomes and significantly reduced mortality after an ACS. Although clear benefits of novel oral anticoagulants post-ACS have been proven, concerns regarding bleeding are still a barrier to widespread use. This review explores key trials of dual antiplatelet therapy and examines the latest research in anticoagulation aiming to optimize clinical outcomes post-ACS. ER  - 
Prasugrel, a Third-Generation P2Y12 receptor antagonist, in patients with coronary artery disease undergoing elective percutaneous coronary Intervention: Phase III, randomized, double-blind study$$$ Background: Prasugrel is being developed in Japan as an antiplatelet therapy for use during percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Up to 70% of Japanese patients with coronary artery disease undergo elective PCI. The PRASugrel For Japanese PatIenTs with Coronary Artery Diseases Undergoing Elective PCI (PRASFIT-Elective) study investigated the efficacy and safety of different prasugrel dosing regimens in Japanese patients undergoing elective PCI. Methods and Results: A total of 742 patients scheduled for elective coronary artery stenting were enrolled. Patients were randomized to receive either prasugrel (20/3.75 mg, loading/maintenance dose) or clopidogrel (300/75 mg) in a double-blind manner. Endpoints, including cardiovascular events and bleeding, were assessed at weeks 24–48. The incidence rate of major cardiovascular events (cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, or nonfatal ischemic stroke) up to week 24 was 4.1% (15/370) and 6.7% (25/372) in the prasugrel and clopidogrel groups, respectively. Other incidence rates were: non-coronary artery bypass graft-related major bleeding, 0% and 2.2%; major/minor bleeding, 1.6% and 3.0%; and all bleeding events, 38.1% and 34.4% in the prasugrel and clopidogrel groups, respectively. The incidence rate of bleeding-related adverse events was similar in both groups, being 40.8% and 35.8% in the prasugrel and clopidogrel groups, respectively. Conclusions: These results support the risk-benefit profile of an adjusted dosing regimen of prasugrel in Japanese patients undergoing PCI. Larger studies are required to confirm these findings. ER  - 
Optimizing P2Y12 receptor inhibition in patients with acute coronary syndrome on the basis of platelet function testing: Impact of prasugrel and high-dose clopidogrel$$$ Objectives: This study sought to evaluate the impact of treatment with prasugrel and high-dose clopidogrel on the basis of platelet function testing in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) who are undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Background: The clinical impact of treatment with prasugrel in patients with ACS who have high platelet reactivity (HPR) is unknown. Methods: Patients with ACS who were pre-treated with clopidogrel and undergoing successful PCI were enrolled in a single-center, prospective registry. Platelet function was measured 12 to 36 h after PCI with the Multiplate device (Roche Diagnostics GmbH, Mannheim, Germany). Patients with HPR (>46 U) were switched to prasugrel or treated with high-dose clopidogrel, and those without HPR continued treatment with 75 mg of clopidogrel. Results: A total of 741 consecutive patients were enrolled in the study between September 2011 and August 2012, and 219 of these patients (29.5%) had HPR. Although platelet reactivity decreased after treatment adjustments in those with HPR, prasugrel provided significantly more potent platelet inhibition compared with high-dose clopidogrel (p < 0.0001). Compared with patients without HPR, the risk of all-cause death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, or stroke at 1 year was significantly higher in the high-dose clopidogrel group (hazard ratio [HR]: 2.27; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.45 to 3.55; p < 0.0001), and patients who were switched to prasugrel had similar outcomes (HR: 0.90; 95% CI: 0.44 to 1.81; p = 0.76). Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) type 3/5 bleeding was also more frequent in patients treated with high-dose clopidogrel (HR: 2.09; 95% CI: 1.05 to 4.17; p = 0.04) than in patients switched to prasugrel (HR: 0.45; 95% CI: 0.11 to 1.91; p = 0.28). In a multivariate model, HPR with high-dose clopidogrel, but not with prasugrel, was an independent predictor of the composite ischemic endpoint (HR: 1.90; 95% CI: 1.17 to 3.08; p = 0.01). Conclusions: Switching patients with ACS who have HPR to treatment with prasugrel reduces thrombotic and bleeding events to a level similar to that of those without HPR; however, there is a higher risk of both thrombotic and bleeding complications with high-dose clopidogrel. ER  - 
Relationship between smoking and responsiveness to clopidogrel in non-cardiogenic ischemic stroke patients$$$ Objective Clopidogrel is used to prevent the recurrence of non-cardiogenic ischemic stroke, but individual responsiveness to the drug varies. Moreover, it is known that smoking, which is a risk factor for ischemic stroke, affects the drug’s pharmacokinetics. The objective of the present study was to investigate a possible relationship between smoking and responsiveness to clopidogrel in non-cardiogenic ischemic stroke patients. Methods The study involved 209 non-cardiogenic ischemic stroke patients who were administered oral clopidogrel at a dosage of 75 mg/day for at least 1 week. Platelet aggregation in response to adenosine diphosphate (20 μM) was measured in each patient using the VerifyNow P2Y12 Assay. Platelet aggregation and the incidence of resistance to clopidogrel were compared between a smokers group (70 patients) and a non-smokers group (139 patients). Clopidogrel resistance was defined as a P2Y12 Reaction Units (PRU) value >230 and/or % inhibition <20%. Results The mean PRU was 128.3±85.5 in the smokers group and 167.7±86.6 in the non-smokers group (p=0.002). The incidence of PRU >230 was 12.9% (9 patients) in the smokers group and 25.9% (36 patients) in the non-smokers group (p=0.033). The mean % inhibition was 48.6±30.7% in the smokers group and 36.9±27.6% in the non-smokers group (p=0.009). The incidence of patients with % inhibition <20% was 24.3% (17 patients) in the smokers group and 34.5% (48 patients) in the non-smokers group (p=0.155). Conclusion The incidence of clopidogrel resistance was lower in the non-cardiogenic ischemic stroke patients who were smokers, thus indicating that these patients’ responsiveness to this drug may be enhanced. ER  - 
Cardiovascular pharmacogenetics of anti-thrombotic agents and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs$$$ The use of antithrombotic agents, particularly antiplatelet drugs like aspirin and clopidogrel, has been instrumental in decreasing the risk for adverse cardiovascular events across a wide range of patients. However, despite the established benefits, the use of these medications remains suboptimal. There is a high degree of inter-individual variation in response to these treatments, whereby patients experience occlusive thromboembolic events, in spite of maintaining an appropriate treatment regimen. This has lead to the notion of antithrombotic “resistance” or “poor responders”, which has been a growing concern amongst clinicians and other healthcare providers. Compounding this matter even further, reports of increased cardiovascular risk associated with the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), such as ibuprofen and naproxen, have revealed additional and unforeseen contributors to myocardial infarction and stroke. With all medications, striking a balance between the potential risks and benefits seems more art than science at times. However, given their widespread use and critical cardiovascular implications, further emphasis has been placed on understanding factors influencing antithrombotic and NSAID therapies. A major aim in cardiovascular pharmacogenetics is the discovery of genetic biomarkers that will allow for prospective screening and individualized prediction of drug efficacy and adverse reactions for these medications (both alone and together) within the context of cardiovascular disease. ER  - 
P2Y<inf>12</inf> receptor inhibitors in acute coronary syndromes: From the research laboratory to the clinic and vice versa$$$ The P2Y<inf>12</inf> receptor plays a pivotal role in platelet activation and aggregation through a complex cascade of actions. Laboratory and clinical data have convincingly shown the benefit of P2Y<inf>12</inf> inhibition combined with aspirin in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS)/undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Newer agents-like prasugrel, ticagrelor, and cangrelor-provide more consistent, faster, and stronger platelet inhibition than clopidogrel. In large clinical trials newer agents have resulted in fewer ischemic complications (though with increased bleeding potential) than clopidogrel. High-risk subpopulations like ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction, diabetes, chronic kidney disease, elderly, and low body weight patients have been identified. A 'return to the laboratory' has been observed recently, with several pharmacodynamic studies being performed particularly in these cohorts. This interplay between research laboratory and clinical data may lead to a more efficient and safer use of P2Y<inf>12</inf> inhibitors. ER  - 
Pharmacodynamic and clinical implications of switching between P2Y12 receptor antagonists: Considerations for practice$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and a P2Y12 receptor antagonist, either clopidogrel or the newer more potent agents prasugrel or ticagrelor, is standard therapy in patients receiving a coronary stent and those with a recent acute coronary syndrome. Switching antiplatelet drug regimen may be required in some patients for efficacy, safety, adherence, and cost considerations. However, there are potential concerns when switching from one agent to another that gaps in effective antiplatelet inhibition could lead to thrombotic events, and overlap of agents might cause excessive platelet inhibition thereby increasing the risk of bleeding. This review considers pharmacodynamic and clinical data to guide clinicians when switching between antiplatelet drugs is considered. Loading dose of the new agent should be considered in nearly all situations to avoid any possible gap in adequate platelet inhibition, as overlap of the 2 agents is unlikely to result in bleeding in excess of that with the more potent drug. ER  - 
Cardiovascular pharmacogenetics of anti-thrombotic agents and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs$$$ The use of antithrombotic agents, particularly antiplatelet drugs like aspirin and clopidogrel, has been instrumental in decreasing the risk for adverse cardiovascular events across a wide range of patients. However, despite the established benefits, the use of these medications remains suboptimal. There is a high degree of inter-individual variation in response to these treatments, whereby patients experience occlusive thromboembolic events, in spite of maintaining an appropriate treatment regimen. This has lead to the notion of antithrombotic "resistance" or "poor responders", which has been a growing concern amongst clinicians and other healthcare providers. Compounding this matter even further, reports of increased cardiovascular risk associated with the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), such as ibuprofen and naproxen, have revealed additional and unforeseen contributors to myocardial infarction and stroke. With all medications, striking a balance between the potential risks and benefits seems more art than science at times. However, given their widespread use and critical cardiovascular implications, further emphasis has been placed on understanding factors influencing antithrombotic and NSAID therapies. A major aim in cardiovascular pharmacogenetics is the discovery of genetic biomarkers that will allow for prospective screening and individualized prediction of drug efficacy and adverse reactions for these medications (both alone and together) within the context of cardiovascular disease. ER  - 
New drugs and devices from 2011-2012 that might change your practice$$$ To be honest, I thought this would be a lost cause. Even after skipping a New Drugs and Devices essay in 2012, I figured that I would have to search long and hard to find 10 new things that emergency practitioners needed to know about. Although there were no true blockbuster medications for emergency physicians, I nonetheless found 10 medicines that we probably should know, along with a new device that may change the way we work up patients with palpitations, and a clever new delivery system for subcutaneous epinephrine. ER  - 
Antiplatelets in stroke prevention$$$ Stroke is the second cause of death worldwide and one of the leading cause of disability. Due to the high rate of recurrence, in high risk-patients (eg patients affected by atherosclerotic vascular disease), long-term antiplatelet therapy reduces the risk of vascular events such as non-fatal myocardial infarction, non-fatal stroke, or vascular death. The percentage of reduction of the events can be estimated in approximately 25%. These data justify the directions that are given to us by the current guidelines for prevention of secondary stroke, which recommend the broad use of antiplatelet therapy both for the secondary prevention of stroke in patients with a history of non-cardioembolic stroke or TIA. As for the primary prevention indications are less accurate because the absolute benefits of aspirin in reducing the happening of vascular events, are generally much lower than in secondary prevention. Although several trials have been investigated use of antiplatelet drugs in ischemic stroke patients, ascertaining the sure benefit, especially in secondary prevention in non-cardioembolic stroke, various issues remains unclarified, and new questions raises with the analysis of the results of available trials. © 2013 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Platelet reactivity measurements before and after percutaneous coronary intervention among patients undergoing early invasive management for acute coronary syndrome$$$ Introduction: There are conflicting data on the optimal timing of platelet reactivity (PR) measurements to identify patients at risk of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) and bleeding. Hypothesis: We hypothesized that significant changes in PR occur peri-PCI Methods: We studied 395 patients undergoing PCI for NSTEMI/UA. Patients received, in the emergency room, aspirin (300 mg loading dose followed by 100 mg maintenance dose) and one of two P2Y12 antagonists: clopidogrel (300 mg/ 75 mg OM) or ticagrelor (180 mg/ 90 mg BD). Adenosine diphosphate-induced multiple electrode aggregometry (Multiplate®) was performed to analyze PR at the time of PCI and post-PCI (24 hours). In-hospital and 30-day MACE, defined as cardiovascular death, recurrent MI, stroke or stent thrombosis, and bleeding, defined as bleeding academic research consortium (BARC) type 2 or greater bleeding, were assessed in all patients. Results: Patients were treated with clopidogrel [N=356 (89%)] or ticagrelor [N=39 (11%)] (Table1). The mean pre and post PCI PR was consistently higher with clopidogrel than ticagrelor. However, the mean reduction in pre-post PCI PR was 3-fold greater for clopidogrel than ticagrelor (P<0.01 by Kruskall-Wallis test). In-hospital and 30-day post-discharge MACE and bleeding events corresponded closely with the frequency of pre and post PCI hyporesponders, defined as PR >468 AU∗min, and hyperresponders, defined as PR > 300 AU∗ min, respectively. Conclusion: Large differential reductions in PR were observed within 24 hours post-PCI. PR measurements tracked well with inhospital and post-discharge MACE and bleeding events. Among patients with only pre-PCI measurement, consideration should be given to repeating PR measurements within 24 hours post-PCI. ER  - 
Difference in impact of CYP2C19 polymorphism on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes between acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and stable angina$$$ Background: As compared with Caucasian, Japanese more often carry the CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) allele with the CYP2C19∗3 variant. The difference in influence of the CYP2C19 LOF alleles (∗2 and ∗3) on clopidogrel response and clinical outcomes between ACS and stable angina (SA) has not been reported. The Aim was to examine the difference in impact of the CYP2C19 variants on platelet reactivity and prognosis between ACS and SA after stent implantation. Methods: We enrolled 509 patients following stent implantation, taking dual antiplatelet therapy with 100 mg/day aspirin and 75 mg/day clopidogrel as a maintenance dose after a loading dose of clopidogrel 300 mg, in this prospective study with 12 months follow-up. Patients were divided into ACS (n=217, male 71%, age 69.9 ys) and SA (n=292, male 70%, age 70.3 ys). Adenosine diphosphate induced platelet aggregation using light transmission aggregometer was measured as response to clopidogrel. CYP2C19 polymorphism was examined, and classified into three phenotypes: (1) extensive metabolizer (EM) carrying normal function (wild-type) alleles (CYP2C19∗1/∗1), (2) intermediate metabolizer (IM) carrying one LOF allele (∗1/∗2, ∗1/∗3), and (3) poor metabolizer (PM) carrying two LOF alleles (∗2/∗2, ∗2/∗3, ∗3/∗3). Clinical endpoint was cardiovascular death, ACS, stroke, any urgent revascularization, and intraprocedural thrombotic events. Results: There was an increased platelet reactivity in ACS group compared with SA (4588AU∗min vs 4125, P=0.09). ACS showed higher ratio of adverse clinical events compared with SA (15.7 vs 6.8%, P<0.05). There was no difference in distribution of EM, IM, and PM between ACS and SA (ACS vs SA, EM; 33% vs 33, IM; 44 vs 46, PM; 18 vs 19%), however, the ratio of PM is very higher in Japanese than Caucasian. In ACS, the incidence of adverse clinical events was significantly higher in PM than EM (24.2 vs 7.2%, P<0.05), however, there were no differences in cardiovascular event rate among EM, IM, and PM in SA. Intraprocedural thrombotic events were frequently seen in PM of ACS group compared with other genotypes of ACS or SA. Conclusions: In patients with stent implantation, impact of CYP2C19 LOF polymorphism on clinical outcomes is more powerful in ACS compared with SA patients. ER  - 
Is there difference in impact of CYP2C19 polymorphism on platelet reactivity and cardiovascular events between chronic kidney disease (CKD) and non-CKD ?$$$ Background: Japanese more often carry CYP2C19 variant than Caucasian. The difference in influence of CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles (∗2 and ∗3) on clopidogrel response and clinical outcomes between CKD and non-CKD has not been reported. The aim was to examine the difference in impact of CYP2C19 polymorphism on platelet reactivity (PR) and prognosis between CKD and non-CKD patients after stent implantation. Methods: We enrolled 279 patients following stent implantation, taking dual antiplatelet therapy 100mg/day aspirin and 75mg/day clopidogrel, in this prospective study with 18 months follow-up. Patients were divided into CKD (n=112, male 67%) and non-CKD (n=167, male 71%) groups. CKD was defined as estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) 60 mL/min/1.73m∗m. Platelet reactivity using light transmission aggregometer was measured as response to clopidogrel. CYP2C19 polymorphism was also examined, and classified into three phenotypes: (1) extensive metabolizer (EM) carrying normal function alleles (CYP2C19∗1/∗1), (2) intermediate metabolizer (IM) carrying one loss-of-function (LOF) allele (∗1/∗2, ∗1/∗3), and (3) poor metabolizer (PM) carrying two LOF alleles (∗2/∗2, ∗2/∗3, ∗3/∗3). Clinical endpoint was cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, any urgent revascularization, and intraprocedural thrombotic events. Results: Patients with CKD showed higher age compared with non-CKD (71.7 vs 67.6ys, P0.05). There was no difference in distribution of EM and IM between non-CKD and CKD (EM; 28% vs 41, IM; 47 vs 44), however, the ratio of PM was significantly higher in non-CKD than CKD (24.5 vs 14.2%, P=0.03). There were no differences in PR (4068 vs 4183AU∗min, NS) and clinical outcomes (9.6 vs 11.6%, NS) between non-CKD and CKD. In non-CKD, the incidence of adverse clinical events was significantly higher in PM than EM (17.0 vs 4.2%, P=0.04), however, there were no differences among EM, IM, and PM in CKD. Intraprocedural thrombotic events were frequently found in PM of non-CKD patients compared with other genotypes of CKD or non-CKD. Conclusions: In patients treated with stent implantation, the impact of CYP2C19 LOF polymorphism on clinical outcomes is more powerful in non-CKD compared with CKD patients. ER  - 
Tailored antiplatelet therapy to improve prognosis in patients exhibiting clopidogrel low-response prior to percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Aim: To investigate whether an intensified antiplatelet regimen could improve prognosis in stable or non-ST elevation acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients exhibiting high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) on clopidogrel and treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Background: There is a wide variability in the platelet reactivity to clopidogrel and HTPR has been associated with a poor prognosis in terms of clinical outcome. Methods: In this observational study, a total of 923 consecutive patients without ST-elevation myocardial infarction and adequately pre-treated with clopidogrel were screened for HTPR with multiple electrode aggregometry after assessment of the coronary anatomy. Patients were grouped based on whether they exhibited HTPR and on the assigned antiplatet treatment- either conventional clopidogrel treatment or intensified therapy. The primary endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, or stent thrombosis. Results: HTPR was demonstrated in 237 patients (25.7%). Of these, 114 continued on conventional clopidogrel maintenance therapy (75 mg daily), while the remaining 123 received intensified antiplatelet therapy with either double-dose clopidogrel (150 mg daily, n=55) or the newer P2Y12-inhibitors, prasugrel or ticagrelor (n=68) for at least 30 days after the index procedure. The median follow-up was 571 days (interquartile range, 373-746). Intensifying antiplatelet therapy reduced the rate of the composite cardiovascular events (p<0.001). After adjustment for potential confounders, HTPR in combination with conventional clopidogrel therapy remained independently associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular events (hazard ratio (HR), 2.92; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.90-4.48), whereas intensified treatment reduced the risk to a level equivalent to that of patients exhibiting normal platelet reactivity (HR, 1.08; 95% CI, 0.59-1.99). Conclusion: Tailored antiplatelet therapy with either the new generation of antiplatelet drugs or double maintenance-dose clopidogrel significantly reduced the event rate in patients exhibiting HTPR prior to PCI. ER  - 
Vascular endothelial function and platelet reactivity by gender differences based on CYP2C19 polymorphism are associated with cardiovascular events risk in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI)$$$ Background: Vascular endothelial function and CYP2C19 polymorphism are associated with clinical outcomes following PCI. However, the relation of gender differences to vascular endothelial function based on CYP2C19 polymorphism has not been reported. The aim was to examine the impact of vascular endothelial function by gender differences on clinical outcomes between carrier and non-carrier of CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) allele following stent implantation. Methods: We enrolled 491 patients following stent implantation, taking dual antiplatelet therapy 100mg/day aspirin and 75mg/day clopidogrel, in this prospective study with 12 months follow-up. Patients were divided into Carrier (at least one LOF alleles (∗1/∗2, ∗1/∗3∗, 2/∗2, ∗2/∗3, ∗3/∗3) carriage, n=324) and Non-carrier (normal function allele (CYP2C19∗1/∗1) carriage, n=167). Vascular endothelial function was evaluated by using reactive hyperemia peripheral arterial tonometry (RH-PAT), and platelet reactivity (PR) using light transmission aggregometer was measured as response to clopidogrel. Clinical endpoint was cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, any urgent revascularization, and intraprocedural thrombotic events. Results: There were no differences in value of RH-PAT and clinical outcomes between Carrier and Non-carrier and between male and female. In males, there was no difference in RH-PAT levels irrespective of with or without cardiovascular events in Carrier and Non-carrier, respectively. However, in females, RH-PAT value was reduced (i.e. decreased endothelial function) in patients with adverse clinical events compared with those without events in Non-carrier (1.57+/-0.41 vs. 1.89+/-0.60, P<0.05), although there were no differences in RH-PAT levels irrespective of with or without clinical events in Carrier. Multivariate analysis showed that RH-PAT was a predictor for adverse clinical outcome in females, not males. Moreover, platelet reactivity was higher in patients with cardiovascular events than those without events in females of Non-carrier (4087AU∗min vs. 3325, P<0.05). Conclusions: In female patients undergoing stent implantation, RH-PAT value and platelet reactivity may be associated with adverse clinical events. ER  - 
CYP2C19 polymorphism and pon-1 activity in NSTE acs: Vorapaxar effect in relation to clopidogrel metabolism in the tracer trial$$$ Background: CYP2C19 genotypes influence response to clopidogrel and paraoxonase-1 (PON-1) has been proposed as a key enzyme for clopidogrel activation. In the TRACER trial, where there was frequent use of clopidogrel, vorapaxar was associated with a nonsignificant reduction of the primary endpoint and a nominal reduction of CV death, myocardial infarction (MI), or stroke. We investigated association of CYP2C19 genotype and PON-1 activity with outcomes and whether each modified vorapaxar efficacy. Methods: DNA samples were obtained from TRACER pts and were genotyped for CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles (∗2, ∗3, ∗4, ∗5, ∗6, ∗7, ∗8) and the CYP2C19 gain-of-function allele ∗17 and were classified by predicted phenotypes: extensive (EM) (∗1 ∗1, ∗1∗17, ∗17 /∗17) and reduced (RM) (∗1/∗2-∗8; ∗2-∗8/∗2-∗8) metabolizers. Undetermined metabolizer (∗17/∗2-∗8) were excluded. PON-1 activity was measured from plasma obtained at baseline and classified as high, moderate, or low according to tertiles. The outcome was the composite of CV death, MI, or stroke (median follow-up 1.2 yrs). Results: Of 12,944 pts, 9990 were discharged on clopidogrel, of which 4590 were genotyped for the CYP2C19 polymorphism and 6651 had plasma PON-1 activity measured at randomization. PON-1 activity was not significantly associated with CV death, MI, or stroke (HR for 50 u/L 0.97; 95% CI 0.93-1.00; p=0.063). CYP2C19 phenotypes were not associated with the outcome (HR for EM vs RM 0.99; 95% CI 0.79-1.25; p=0.93). The effect of vorapaxar was not significantly modified by CYP2C19 phenotype or PON-1 activity (Table). Conclusion: In this large NSTE ACS cohort, we did not find a significant association of CYP2C19 genotypes and PON-1 activity with long-term ischemic outcomes, and no changes in vorapaxar efficacy were observed. These subgroup results do not support use of CYP2C19 genotyping or PON-1 activity assay for ischemic risk stratification and identification of those who may benefit from vorapaxar. ER  - 
Assessing post-treatment platelet reactivity: A focus on patient selection and setting$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy is critical to inhibit platelet reactivity in order to prevent ischemic reccurences in stented patients. However, studies have observed a variable blockade of the P2Y12 adenosine diphosphate receptor between patients following clopidogrel intake. This interindividual variability in the biological response is not uncommon with clopidogrel (about 50%) and even prasugrel (20%). High on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) is correlated with thrombotic events following percutaneous coronary intervention. Several studies suggested that tailoring of antiplatelet therapy based on platelet reactivity (PR) monitoring could safely reduce the rate of major adverse cardiovascular events in HTPR patients. In addition, low on-treatment PR was recently associated with bleeding events both in patients treated with prasugrel and clopidogrel. Of importance, bleedings are associated with a poor prognosis in stented patients. Overall, the potential of PR monitoring to individualize antiplatelet therapy might benefit stented patients by reducing both ischemic and bleeding risks. However, such strategies remain to be evaluated in adequately designed large-scale randomized clinical trials. © 2013 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Ticagrelor for acute coronary syndromes$$$ Ticagrelor is a potent P2Y12 adenosine diphosphate receptor antagonist characterized by a rapid onset, consistent and reversible antiplatelet effect, and an acceptable safety profile compared with existing adenosine diphosphate receptor blockers. In the large Phase III trial, PLATO, ticagrelor significantly reduced the composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke as well as cardiovascular and all-cause mortality compared with clopidogrel in patients presenting with acute coronary syndromes. With its favorable impact on mortality, ticagrelor changes the landscape of anti-thrombotic therapy for patients with acute coronary syndromes. © 2013 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Genetic variation of platelet function and pharmacology: An update of current knowledge$$$ Platelets are critically involved in atherosclerosis and acute thrombosis. The platelet phenotype shows a wide variability documented by the inherited difference of platelet reactivity, platelet volume and count and function of platelet surface receptors. Several candidate genes have been put into focus and investigated for their functional and prognostic role in healthy individuals and patients with cardiovascular (CV) disease treated with antiplatelet agents. In addition to genetic variation, other clinical, disease-related and demographic factors are important so-called non-genetic factors. Due to the small effect sizes of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) in candidate genes and due to the low allele frequencies of functional relevant candidate SNPs, the identification of genetic risk factors with high predictive values generally depends on the sample size of study cohorts. In the post-genome era new array and bioinformatic technologies facilitate high throughput genome-wide association studies (GWAS) for the identification of novel candidate genes in large cardiovascular cohorts. One of the crucial aspects of platelet genomic studies is the precise definition of a specific clinical phenotype (e.g. stent thrombosis) as this will impact importantly the findings of genomic studies like GWAS. Here, we provide an update on genetic variation of platelet receptors and drug metabolising enzymes under specific consideration of data derived by GWAS. The potential impact of this information and the role in personalised therapeutic concepts will be discussed. © Schattauer 2013. ER  - 
Novel antiplatelet drugs in clinical development$$$ The clinical value of antiplatelet compounds strongly depends on the benefit-risk balance between their anti-thrombotic effects and the bleeding risk they incur. This ratio is especially important in the treatment of cerebro-vascular disease. Several novel compounds in clinical development hold promise to improve this benefit-risk ratio. © Schattauer 2013. ER  - 
Vitamin K antagonists in heart disease: Current status and perspectives (Section III): Position paper of the ESC working group on thrombosis - Task force on anticoagulants in heart disease$$$ Oral anticoagulants are a mainstay of cardiovascular therapy, and for over 60 years vitamin K antagonists (VKAs) were the only available agents for long-term use. VKAs interfere with the cyclic inter-conversion of vitamin K and its 2,3 epoxide, thus inhibiting γ-carboxylation of glutamate residues at the amino-termini of vitamin K-dependent proteins, including the coagulation factors (F) II (prothrombin), VII, IX and X, as well as of the anticoagulant proteins C, S and Z. The overall effect of such interference is a dose-dependent anticoagulant effect, which has been therapeutically exploited in heart disease since the early 1950s. In this position paper, we review the mechanisms of action, pharmacological properties and side effects of VKAs, which are used in the management of cardiovascular diseases, including coronary heart disease (where their use is limited), stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation, heart valves and/or chronic heart failure. Using an evidence-based approach, we describe the results of completed clinical trials, highlight areas of uncertainty, and recommend therapeutic options for specific disorders. Although VKAs are being increasingly replaced in most patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation by the new oral anticoagulants, which target either thrombin or FXa, the VKAs remain the agents of choice for patients with atrial fibrillation in the setting of rheumatic valvular disease and for those with mechanical heart valves. © Schattauer 2013. ER  - 
Clopidogrel use is associated with an increased prevalence of cerebral microbleeds in a stroke-free population: The rotterdam study$$$ Background: Although clopidogrel reduces the incidence of atherothrombotic events, its use is associated with an increased risk of major bleeding. Cerebral microbleeds (CMBs) are indicative of subclinical microangiopathy in the brain and may prelude symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage. We examined the association between use of clopidogrel and CMBs in persons without a history of stroke. Methods and Results: We performed a cross-sectional analysis using data from the Rotterdam Study, a prospective population-based cohort of persons aged 45 years and older. Among 4408 stroke-free individuals who underwent brain magnetic resonance imaging for the detection of CMBs, we identified 121 ever-users and 4287 never-users of clopidogrel before magnetic resonance imaging. We used multiple logistic regression to analyze the association between clopidogrel and CMBs with adjustment for age, sex, cardiovascular risk factors, and common cardiovascular medication. Users of clopidogrel had a higher prevalence of CMBs (odd ratio 1.55, 95% CI 1.01 to 2.37) than nonusers and more often had a high number (>4) of CMBs (odds ratio 3.19, 95% CI 1.52 to 6.72). Clopidogrel use was associated with a significantly higher prevalence of deep or infratentorial CMBs (odd ratio 1.90, 95% CI 1.05 to 3.45). Among clopidogrel users, we were unable to demonstrate differences in the prevalence of CMBs by indication of prescription, history of coronary heart disease, or common genetic variants in CYP2C19. Conclusions: In stroke-free individuals, clopidogrel use was associated with a higher prevalence and higher number of CMBs. Whether this association is causal requires confirmation in prospective studies, especially given the small number of participants taking clopidogrel and the possibility of residual confounding in this study. © 2013 The Authors. ER  - 
Pre-procedure P2Y12 reaction units value predicts perioperative thromboembolic and hemorrhagic complications in patients with cerebral aneurysms treated with the Pipeline Embolization Device$$$ Background: There is wide variability in the reported incidence of perioperative thromboembolic (0-14%) and hemorrhagic (0-11%) complications after Pipeline Embolization Device (PED) procedures for cerebral aneurysm treatment, which could be partly due to differences in patient response to the P2Y12 receptor antagonist administered while the PED endothelializes. This study aims to identify an optimal pre-procedure P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) value range and determine the independent predictors of perioperative thromboembolic and hemorrhagic complications after PED procedures. Methods: We recorded patient and aneurysm characteristics, P2Y12 receptor antagonist administered, pre-procedure PRU value with VerifyNow, procedural variables and perioperative thromboembolic and hemorrhagic complications up to postoperative day 30 after PED procedures at our institution during an 8-month period. Perioperative complications were considered major if they caused a permanent disabling neurological deficit or death. Multivariate regression analysis was performed to identify independent predictors of perioperative complications in our cohort. Results: Forty-four patients underwent 48 PED procedures at our institution during the study period. There were eight thromboembolic and hemorrhagic perioperative complications in our cohort (16.7%), four of which were major (8.3%). A pre-procedure PRU value of <60 or >240 (p=0.02) and a technically difficult procedure (p=0.04) were independent predictors of all perioperative complications. A pre-procedure PRU value of <60 or >240 (p=0.004) and a history of hypertension (p=0.03) were independent predictors of major perioperative complications. Conclusions: In our cohort, a pre-procedure PRU value of <60 or >240 was the strongest independent predictor of all and major perioperative thromboembolic and hemorrhagic complications after PED procedures. ER  - 
Effects of uncoupling protein 2 -866G/A polymorphism on platelet reactivity and prognosis in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes and ischemic stroke$$$ The purpose of this study was to assess the effects of -866G>A polymorphism of mitochondrial uncoupling protein 2 (UCP-2) on platelet reactivity and prognosis in patients with type 2 diabetes and ischemic stroke (IS). A total of 405 Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes and stroke were assessed in a 4-year follow-up case-control study. Patient response to antiplatelet therapy was measured with the Platelet Function Analyzer-100 by means of collagen/adenosine diphosphate (CADP) and collagen/epinephrine (CEPI) cartridges. The primary end point was a composite of stroke and TIA (transient ischemic attack), the secondary end point was death. The -866G>A polymorphism in UCP-2 was genotyped by TaqMan MGB probe method. The -866G>A SNP in UCP-2 was not significantly associated with recurrence of diabetic ischemical stroke (p = 0.57). A significant trend toward nonfull response to antiplatelet therapy was seen in patients carrying A allel in comparison with those carrying GG genotype, as shown by the CADP and CEPI tests (p < 0.0001). Our 4-year follow-up study shows no association between -866G>A variant of UCP-2 in type 2 diabetes and the risk of developing stroke. But in conclusion, the A allel is associated with clopidogrel resistance. Copyright © 2013 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
Updates in antiplatelet agents used in cardiovascular diseases$$$ Background: Antiplatelet therapy is a cornerstone in coronary artery disease management. However, patients with acute coronary syndrome still remain at risk of recurrent cardiovascular events despite the advance of medical therapy. Objective: This article provides a review of antiplatelet agents used in cardiovascular diseases and focus on updates in the past 5 years. Method: Peer-reviewed clinical trials and relevant treatment guidelines were identified from MEDLINE and Current Content database (from 1966 to April 15, 2013) using search terms aspirin, clopidogrel, prasugrel, ticagrelor, glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors, antiplatelet agents, coronary artery disease, acute coronary syndrome, pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics. Citations from the available articles were also reviewed for additional references. Results: In unstable angina and non-STsegment elevation myocardial infarction (MI), dual antiplatelet therapy (aspirin and clopidogrel) demonstrated a reduction in death from cardiovascular causes, nonfatal MI, or stroke (relative risk 0.80; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.72-0.90). In ST-segment elevation MI, dual antiplatelet therapy reduced the rate of occluded infarct-related artery/death or recurrent MI (95% CI, 24%-47%). Newer agents such as prasugrel, when compared to clopidogrel, reduced death from vascular causes, MI, or stroke in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI; hazard ratio [HR], 0.81; 95% CI 0.73-0.90) but not in those receiving medical management only. When compared to clopidogrel, ticagrelor reduces death from vascular causes, MI, or stroke (HR: 0.84; 95% CI, 0.77-0.92) in patients undergoing PCI or receiving medical management only. Both the agents, however, increase the risk of bleeding in certain patient population. Conclusions: In the last 5 years, newer antiplatelet agents, including prasugrel and ticagrelor, have been demonstrated to reduce recurrent cardiovascular events compared to standard therapy and, however, also caused increase bleeding in selected patient populations. Newer agents including shorter acting P2Y12 inhibitor or antiplatelets that target other receptors are being evaluated to improve/maintain therapeutic efficacy yet minimize the risk of bleeding. © 2012 The Author(s). ER  - 
Impact and diagnosis of antiplatelet therapy resistance in patients undergoing cardiac surgery$$$ (Table Presented) Coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) is highly effective in the treatment of severe coronary artery disease. Antiplatelet therapy is a critical component of the medical management of patients following CABG. Patient idiosyncrasies in responsiveness to antiplatelet agents, however, lead to variable suppression of platelet aggregation. This problem is underscored by inconsistent findings from the different laboratory instruments used to document antiplatelet drug responsiveness and its uncertain clinical impact. The laboratory results reveal a spectrum of platelet inhibition effects. The cutoff values discriminating between "resistance" and "response" to antiplatelet therapy often rely solely on definition. It is therefore not surprising that regular testing for antiplatelet therapy response has neither been routinely instituted in a wider clinical arena nor is there unequivocal evidence to support it. The purpose of this review is to offer insight into the incidence and clinical impact of antiplatelet therapy resistance in patients undergoing surgical myocardial revascularization. © 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Antiplatelet therapy and resistance: A mini review$$$ Arterial thrombus formation are due to mainly platelet activation and aggregation which are considered to be central to pathological changes occurring in the vessel leading to the various complications and mortality . Antiplatelet drugs are used to prevent and help in the reversal of platelet aggregation in arterial thrombosis which was the major culprit in the pathology of myocardial infarction and ischaemic stroke. The most widely used antiplatelet agent namely Aspirin inhibits platelet cyclo-oxygenase which helps in conversion of arachidonic acid to platelet agonist thromboxane A2 but does not prevent platelet activation occurring via various signalling pathways that are independent of thromboxane A2 release. So apart from aspirin, a number of other compounds have been developed to overcome the deficiency by aspirin. Another major concern regarding the antiplatelet theraphy was the resistance by these drugs in preventing the troublesome complications. Bleeding is the most dreadful complication of most of the antiplatelet drugs. In general, in clinical practice, antiplatelet theraphy is instituted in patients whose thrombotic risk clearly overweighs their use of risk of bleeding manifestations. The development of newer antiplatelet drugs based on the understanding of their pharmacological mechanisms helps in the prevention of cardiovascular mortality with the least side effects. © 2013 International Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Research. ER  - 
Dynamic changes and associated factors of clopidogrel resistance in patients after cerebral infarction$$$ Stroke victims often exhibit clopidogrel resistance (CR). This prospective study was undertaken to observe changes that influence CR in the secondary prevention of cerebral infarction (CI). The study included 56 cases at high risk of stroke (HRS), 147 cases of CI and 68 control subjects. The CI and HRS groups were divided into CR and NCR (none clopidogrel resistance) subgroups using standard criteria. The NCR group was subdivided into DCR (dynamic CR) and CNCR (continuous NCR) groups. Platelet aggregation rate (PAR) was assessed at baseline and after 2 weeks treatment with clopidogrel 75 mg/day in the CI and HRS groups. In the NCR group, PAR was evaluated after 3 and 6 months of clopidogrel (75 mg/day) treatment. Baseline PAR was higher in the CI group than in the HRS or control groups (P < 0.01). The incidence of CR was 28.6 % in the CI and 13.6 % in the HRS group (P = 0.018). Diabetes mellitus, (OR 16.627; 95 % CI 4.691-58.934) and history of TIA (OR 13.711; 95 % CI 1.667-112.784) (both P < 0.05) were both associated with CR. Other independent risk factors included high total cholesterol, calcium antagonist or ACEI/ARB use. A total of 36 CR and 85 NCR cases completed 6 months follow-up. High total cholesterol was an independent risk factor for DCR (OR 0.415; 95 % CI 0.213-0.808; P = 0.01) which developed in 15 subjects at 6 months. PAR decreased by >10 % after 2 weeks in 71.4 % of patients with CR who subsequently changed drugs or received combination therapy. Dynamic CR may occur after CI. Many factors including DM\TIA\HCT\P2Y12 εC coexistence CYP2Y19 εA\combination drug, associate CR or DCR. Our results highlight the need for PAR monitoring. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
Platelet inhibition by adjunctive cilostazol in patients of carotid artery stenosis treated with carotid artery stenting$$$ Background and Objective: Optimal antiplatelet inhibition is essential in patients carotid artery stenosis undergoing carotid artery stenting (CAS). Clopidogrel resistance was associated with increased periprocedural thromboembolic complicatons from neurovascular stent-placement procedures. The addition of cilostazol on dual antiplatelet therapy has been reported to reduce platelet reactivity and to improve clinical outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention in previous studies. This study was undertaken to evaluate the impact of adjunctive cilostazol in patients with CAS. Methods: Platelet function was assessed by light transmittance aggregometry, VerifyNow assay. Sixty four consecutive patients underwent CAS, received clopidogrel (75mg daily) and aspirin (100mg daily) more than 4 weeks before treatment. Between 2010 and 2011 (period 1), 28 patients underwent CAS under standard dual antiplatelet medication despite of the value of preoperative platelet function. Between 2011 and 2013 (period 2), 36 patients were prospectively assessed preoperative platelet function and receive adjunctive cilostazol (200mg daily; triple antiplatelet therapy) in patients with clopidogrel resistance (n = 13) before the treatment. Frequencies of new ipsilateral ischemic lesions on diffusion-weighted imaging a day after CAS and ischemic or hemorrhagic events within 30 days were assessed. Results: Clopidogrel resistance developed in 12 patients (43%) in period 1 and 13 patients (36%) in period 2 (P = 0.615). In period 2, adjunctive cilostazol significantly decrease of P2Y12 reaction units and % inhibition before and after cilostazol addition (P = 0.006, P = 0.004, respectively) and there was significant difference in P2Y12 reaction units between the groups. New ipsilateral ischemic lesions were significantly suppressed in period 2 (2 of 36 patients; 5.6%) than in period 1 (7 of 28 patients; 25%, P = 0.034), however, there was no significant difference in hemorrhagic and thromboembolic event between the groups. Conclusions: Adjunctive cilostazol (triple antiplatelet medication) reduces the rate of clopidogrel resistance and intensifies platelet inhibition as compared with standard dual antiplatelet medication group. ER  - 
Early recurrent ischemic lesion on diffusion-weighted MRI based on the cytochrome P450 2C19 genotype in stroke patients treated with clopidogrel$$$ Introduction: The early recurrent ischemic lesions on diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (DW-MRI) scan of brain are frequently observed in patients with stroke. The recurrent lesions on DW-MRI have been used as a possible surrogate marker for clinical recurrence of stroke. Clopidogrel is widely used for secondary prevention of stroke. The metabolism of clopidogrel is affected by cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) genotypes. We aim to access the incidence of DW-MRI recurrence rates based on the CYP2C19 genotype in stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. Methods: We enrolled 77 stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. The DW-MRI scan of the brain was performed at the onset of stroke and subsequent follow-up within 7 days after diagnosis of stroke. The CYP2C19 genotyping was performed using the Verigene system (Nanosphere, USA). According to the CYP2C19 genotype, the CYP2C19 enzyme activity was classified into four groups including ultra-rapid metabolizer (UM), extensive metabolizer (EM), intermediate metabolizer (IM) and poor metabolizer (PM). We compared the recurrence rates of early ischemic lesion on DW-MRI based on the CYP2C19 genotypes. And the binary logistic regression analysis was performed to assess the association of recurrence rates of stroke on DW-MRI, CYP2C19 genotype and other risk factors of stroke such as hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, previous history of stroke, family stroke and thrombolytic therapy. Results: The overall DW-MRI recurrence rate was 48.1% (37/77). Based on the CYP2C19 genotype, 77 patients were classified into UM (n=1, 1.3%), EM (n=27, 35.1%), IM (n=36, 46.8%) and PM (n=13, 16.9%). The highest recurrence rate on DW-MRI was observed in PM (84.6%), followed by IM (50.0%), and EM (25.9%) in descending order. The PM revealed a significantly high incidence of DW-MRI recurrence than EM (P < 0.001). In addition, the DW-MRI recurrence rates have largely been attributed to an increase a number of variant alleles of CYP2C19 (P = 0.047). In the multivariate logistic regression analysis, the odds ratios of recurrence rate on DW-MRI adjusted age and gender were 2.32 (95% confidential interval, 0.69 to 7.78, P = 0.174) for IM and 18.00 (95% confidential interval, 2.44 to 133.01, P = 0.005) for PM, respectively. Conclusions: The recurrence rate of early ischemic lesion on DW-MRI was significantly higher in PM than EM. Therefore, alternative antiplatelet treatment should be considered in some stroke patients harboring two reduced-function CYP2C19 alleles. ER  - 
On-treatment platelet reactivity and postoperative thromboembolic events during carotid artery stenting$$$ State the Purpose: We evaluated the correlation between point-of-care measurement of on-treatment platelet reactivity and postoperative thromboembolic events in patients undergoing carotid artery stenting (CAS) for atherosclerotic carotid artery stenosis. Methods: Thirty patients receiving dual antiplatelet treatment, including clopidogrel, before CAS were prospectively enrolled. On-treatment platelet reactivity was measured within 24 h before CAS using both the VerifyNow P2Y12 and aspirin assays and light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) with ADP (LTAADP) and collagen (LTA-collagen) as the agonists. The endpoint was defined as the detection of acute ipsilateral ischemia on diffusion- weighted imaging (DWI) within 72 h after CAS. Cut-off values for high on-treatment platelet reactivity were established by receiver operating characteristic curve analysis. Results: Small abnormalities were observed on DWI in 9 patients (30.0%), and transient ischemic attack was found in 2 (6.67%). In the univariate analysis of the endpoint, 4th quartile PRU values (risk ratio [RR]: 3.0; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.00-8.92; p = 0.0533), 1st quartile PRU percent inhibition (RR: 6.33; 95% CI: 1.57-25.42; p = 0.0021), and 4th quartile LTA-ADP (RR: 3.06; 95% CI: 1.17-8.00; p = 0.0341) were found to increase the risk of abnormality detection on postprocedural DWI. The optimal cut-offs for high on-treatment platelet reactivity were 264 for pre-CAS PRU values (area under the curve [AUC]: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.65-0.99), 29 for PRU percent inhibition (AUC: 0.89; 95% CI: 0.77-1.01), and 38 for LTA-ADP (AUC: 0.80, 95% CI: 0.67- 0.98). Conclusion: This study indicates that the new point-of-care VerifyNow P2Y12 assay might help identify patients who are at higher risk for thromboembolic events after CAS. ER  - 
Assessment of platelet thrombus formation in patients with carotid disease administered clopidogrel$$$ State the Purpose: Many studies have demonstrated that high residual platelet function in patients administered clopidogrel is associated with cardiovascular events, although, the majority of those studies examined the patients with coronary artery disease. We studied platelet function in patients with ischemic stroke treated by clopidogrel, and compared residual platelet function according to the severity of carotid disease. Methods: We measured platelet aggregation induced by ADP, VerifyNow P2Y12 assay (PRU), phosphorylation of vasodilator- stimulated phosphoprotein (PRI), and platelet p-selectin expression (PS) in 30 patients with ischemic stroke administered clopidogrel (21 males and 9 females, mean age was 65 years). We also measured platelet thrombus formation under arterial flow conditions using newly developed microchip-based flow chamber system. In this system, platelet thrombus formation was analyzed by measuring flow pressure changes due to occlusion of microchip and was quantified by calculating area under the flow pressure curve (AUC). Each marker was compared between patients with severe carotid stenosis (15 cases) and those with mild to moderate carotid stenosis (15 cases). Results: Platelet function tests such as percentages of platelet aggregation induced by ADP, PRU, PRI, and PS was not significantly different between different severities of carotid stenosis. On the other hand, AUC values of patients with severe major carotid stenosis were significantly higher than those with mild to moderate stenosis. Conclusion: These results suggested that clopidogrel inhibits platelet aggregation irrespective of the severity of carotid stenosis. On the other hand, platelet thrombus formation under arterial flow conditions was higher in patients with severe carotid stenosis than those with mild to moderate stenosis. ER  - 
Dual antiplatelet therapy under scrutiny: Real benefit and risk subgroups$$$ CURE, TRITON-TIMI 38 and PLATO studies have demonstrated clinical benefit with the use of dual antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel, prasugrel or ticagrelor in addition to aspirin in patients with acute coronary syndrome, and have contributed to exponentially increased prescription. The publication of new randomized trials with findings contrasting with the benefits obtained in these studies and of some opinion articles which have questioned the validity of the results, make it necessary, at least, to rethink the general indication and actual clinical benefit of these drugs. In this article we discuss the results of these three trials as well as the methodological objections that have been posed to them, focusing on the real clinical benefit of these drugs. Likewise, the probability of prejudice in certain subgroups is discussed and a simple scheme that allows the selection of patients most likely to benefit from these treatments is postulated. ER  - 
In-hospital switching of oral P2Y12 inhibitor treatment in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: Prevalence, predictors and short-term outcome$$$ Background: P2Y12 inhibitor switching has appeared in clinical practice as a consequence of prasugrel and ticagrelor availability, apart from clopidogrel, for use in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). In-hospital P2Y12 inhibitor switching has not been adequately studied. Methods: In the context of the GReek AntiPlatelet REgistry (GRAPE) we assessed the prevalence, predictive factors and short-term outcome of in-hospital P2Y12 inhibior switching inACS patients undergoing PCI. Results: We recruited 1434 patients. Switching occurred in 526(36.7%) patients of which in the form of clopidogrel to a novel agent, novel agent to clopidogrel and between prasugrel and ticagrelor in 480(91.2%), 26(5.0%) and 20(3.8%) patients, respectively. Age±75 years, presentation to non PCI-capable hospital, history of stroke/transient ischemic attack, asthma/chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and regional trends emerged as predictive factors of switching to a novel agent. At combined in-hospital and one-month follow-up upgrading to a novel agent did not confer any ischemic or bleeding difference than novel agent constant administration, while it was accompanied by higher Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (BARC) type 1 (21.9%) and BARC any type (28.3%) bleeding events compared to only clopidogrel administration (8.7% and 11.9%, respectively), p<0.001 for both in propensity matched pairs analysis. Conclusions: In a real-life experience with contemporary antiplatelet treatment in ACS patients undergoing PCI, in-hospital switching represents common clinical practice. Clinical factors and regional practice differences seem to affect this strategy's choice, while P2Y12 inhibitor upgrade may be associated with higher than clopidogrel risk of bleeding. ER  - 
Dual antiplatelet therapy clopidogrel with low dose cilostazol intensified platelet inhibition in patients with ischemic stroke$$$ Objective: We previously reported that antiplatelet action is intensified with combined use of clopidogrel and cilostazol in ischemic stroke patients using theVerifyNowP2Y12 Assay. In this study, the relationship between cilostazol dose and platelet functionwith combination therapy was investigated. Methods: The subjects were 231 patients with non-cardiogenic ischemic stroke patients treated at our hospital (18 patients with a combination of clopidogrel 75 mg and cilostazol 100 mg, 52 patients with a combination of clopidogrel 75 mg and cilostazol 200 mg, 126 patients with clopidogrel 75 mg alone, and 35 patients with cilostazol 200 mg alone). Platelet function with 20 μM adenosine diphosphate wasmeasured using the VerifyNowP2Y12 Assay. Clopidogrel resistance was defined as P2Y12 Reaction Units (PRU) >230 and/or % inhibition <20%. Results: PRU was >230 in 32 patients (25.4%) receiving clopidogrel alone, 1 patient (5.6%) receiving combination therapy with cilostazol 100 mg, and 1 patient (1.9%) receiving combination therapy with cilostazol 200 mg. The percent inhibition was <20% in 41 patients (32.5%) receiving clopidogrel alone, 1 patient (5.6%) receiving a combination with cilostazol 100 mg, and 1 patient (1.9%) receiving a combination with cilostazol 200 mg. The rate of PRU >230 and/or % inhibition <20% was significantly lower in both cilostazol combination groups than in the clopidogrel alone group. Conclusion: Clopidogrel resistance was clearly decreased with combination clopidogrel 75 mg and low-dose (100 mg) cilostazol therapy. The combination therapy with clopidogrel and low-dose cilostazol may be one means to overcome clopidogrel resistance. ER  - 
CYP2C19 genotype and risk of in-stent restenosis among vertebral artery stent patients treated with clopidogrel: A retrospective study$$$ Preventing stroke through endovascular treatment with vertebral artery stenting (VAS) remains a great challenge due to the occurrence of an in-stent restenosis (ISR) and a lack of randomized controlled trials. In this study, a retrospective analysis was conducted involving 163 patients who had been treated with VAS between January 2004 and December 2011 in the Drum Tower Hospital of Nanjing University Medical School. Patients were followed-up at 3, 6, and 12 months after treatment and annually thereafter. The cumulative long-term incidence of ISR was evaluated and risk factors for ISR were identified. DNA was extracted from blood for genotyping CYP2C19 (636GNA, 681GNA), CYP3A4 (894CNT), and P2Y12 (34CNT, 52GNT). The results demonstrated that in-stent restenosis occurred at a higher rate, mainly within the first year after VAS treatment (4.05%) during long-term follow-up. A multiple binominal regression analysis showed that patients with smoked, or hypertension or hyperlipidemia or CYP2C19 (∗2 or ∗3), were more likely to develop ISR. The strongest statistically significant predictors of subsequent ISR was hyperlipidemia (OR 4.305, 95% CI 2.988-18.761, p =0.042), and CYP2C19 (OR 0.521, 95% CI 0.17-0.699, p =0.035) by multivariate logic regression analysis. 21.4% patients had stroke with an ISR, 8.3% patients had stroke without ISR during a median of 54 months follow-up time (OR: 0.331, 95% CI: 0.112-0.973). CYP2C19 with ∗2 or ∗3 alleles had a higher incidence of restenosis (P= 0.004) and stroke (Kaplan-Meier analysis) than that with ∗1 allele. Conclusion: Hyperlipidemia and CYP2C19 impotency are risk factors for the development of ISR in VAS treated ischemic patients. ER  - 
Personalized antiplatelet therapy according to CYP2C19 genotype after percutaneous coronary intervention: A randomized control trial$$$ Objective The objective of this study is to compare personalized antiplatelet therapy according to CYP2C19 phenotype with conventional antiplatelet therapy in patients after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods A total of 600 patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) undergoing PCI randomly received a personalized antiplatelet therapy (group A; n = 301) or conventional antiplatelet treatment (group B; n = 299). For group A, antiplatelet therapy was performed according to CYP2C19 phenotype. For group B, the patients received conventional antiplatelet treatment without detected CYP2C19 genotype. The primary end point was compared between these two groups. This study is registered with the Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (ChiCTR-TRC-11001807). Results The primary end point occurred in 27 patients assigned to conventional treatment as compared with 8 patients assigned to personalized therapy (cumulative event rate, 9.03% vs. 2.66%; P < 0.01). The composite rate of death, myocardial infarction, or stroke at 180 days occurred in 3 and 18 patients in the two groups, respectively (cumulative event rate, 1.0% and 6.2%, P < 0.01). The cumulative 180-day incidence of ST was significantly lower in group A than in group B (0.66% vs. 3.01%, P = 0.032). The 180-day incidence of MI (0.33% vs. 3.01%, P = 0.011) and death (0.33% vs. 2.34%, P = 0.011) was fewer than that in control, respectively. We did not find the significant difference in bleeding events between the 2 groups. Conclusion Personalized antiplatelet therapy according to CYP2C19 genotype after PCI can significantly decrease the incidence of major adverse cardiovascular events and the risk of 180-day ST in Chinese population. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. ER  - 
Pharmacogenetics of antiplatelets and anticoagulants: A report on clopidogrel, warfarin and dabigatran$$$ Genetic polymorphisms are thought to contribute to the wide intraindividual variability in antiplatelet and anticoagulant drug response. Pharmacogenetics is the study of how genetic variants influence drug response and how the adoption of a more personalized approach in antiplatelet and anticoagulant therapy may help to minimize harmful drug effects and optimize care for individual patients. However, due to sometimes conflicting evidence, the uptake of pharmacogenetics in the clinical setting has been slow. In this article, we review the genetic mechanisms contributing to the variability in response to three commonly used and emerging antiplatelet and anticoagulant drug therapies, namely clopidogrel, warfarin and dabigatran. We will focus on common genetic variants that influence the absorption, metabolism and/or action of these agents, including CYP2C19 (2,3 and17), CYP3A4, CYP3A5, CYP2C9, ABCB1, P2RY12, CYP2C9 (2/3), VKORC1 and CESI. © 2013 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Pharmacogenetics of neural injury recovery$$$ Relatively few pharmacological agents are part of routine care for neural injury, although several are used or under consideration in acute stroke, chronic stroke, traumatic brain injury and secondary stroke prevention. Tissue plasminogen activator is approved for the treatment of acute ischemic stroke, and genetic variants may impact the efficacy and safety of this drug. In the chronic phase of stroke, several drugs such as L-dopa, fluoxetine and donepezil are under investigation for enhancing rehabilitation therapy, with varying levels of evidence. One potential reason for the mixed efficacy displayed by these drugs may be the influence of genetic factors that were not considered in prior studies. An understanding of the genetics impacting the efficacy of dopaminergic, serotonergic and cholinergic drugs may allow clinicians to target these potential therapies to those patients most likely to benefit. In the setting of stroke prevention, which is directly linked to neural injury recovery, the most highly studied pharmacogenomic interactions pertain to clopidogrel and warfarin. Incorporating pharmacogenomics into neural injury recovery has the potential to maximize the benefit of several current and potential pharmacological therapies and to refine the choice of pharmacological agent that may be used to enhance benefits from rehabilitation therapy. © 2013 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Prevalence of Ex vivo high on-treatment platelet reactivity on antiplatelet therapy after transient ischemic attack or ischemic stroke on the PFA-100® and VerifyNow®$$$ Background: The prevalence of ex vivo high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) to commonly prescribed antiplatelet regimens after transient ischemic attack (TIA) or ischemic stroke is uncertain. Methods: Platelet function inhibition was simultaneously assessed with modified light transmission aggregometry (VerifyNow; Accumetrics Inc, San Diego, CA) and with a moderately high shear stress platelet function analyzer (PFA-100; Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc, Malvern, PA) in a pilot, cross-sectional study of TIA or ischemic stroke patients. Patients were assessed on aspirin-dipyridamole combination therapy (n = 51) or clopidogrel monotherapy (n = 25). Results: On the VerifyNow, HTPR on aspirin was identified in 4 of 51 patients (8%) on aspirin-dipyridamole combination therapy (≥550 aspirin reaction units on the aspirin cartridge). Eleven of 25 (44%) patients had HTPR on clopidogrel (≥194 P2Y12 reaction units on the P2Y12 cartridge). On the PFA-100, 21 of 51 patients (41%) on aspirin-dipyridamole combination therapy had HTPR on the collagen-epinephrine (C-EPI) cartridge. Twenty-three of 25 patients (92%) on clopidogrel had HTPR on the collagen-adenosine diphosphate (C-ADP) cartridge. The proportion of patients with antiplatelet HTPR was lower on the VerifyNow than PFA-100 in patients on both regimens (P <.001). Conclusions: The prevalence of ex vivo antiplatelet HTPR after TIA or ischemic stroke is markedly influenced by the method used to assess platelet reactivity. The PFA-100 C-ADP cartridge is not sensitive at detecting the antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel ex vivo. Larger prospective studies with the VerifyNow and with the PFA-100 C-EPI and recently released Innovance PFA P2Y cartridges (Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc) in addition to newer tests of platelet function are warranted to assess whether platelet function monitoring predicts clinical outcome in ischemic cerebrovascular disease. © 2013 by National Stroke Association. ER  - 
CYP2C19 poor metabolizer is associated with clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in acute myocardial infarction but not stable angina$$$ Background-More intensive platelet suppression is required in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) than in those with stable angina because of differential platelet activation between AMI and stable angina. In this context, CYP2C19 genotype leading to reduced active metabolite formation may profoundly affect the clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in patients with AMI compared with those with stable angina. Methods and Results-Effects of CYP2C19 genotypes on the clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy were evaluated in 2188 patients (532 patients with AMI and 1656 patients with stable angina) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. The primary clinical outcome was a composite of major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events defined as death from any cause, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or stroke during 1 year of clopidogrel therapy. Compared with extensive metabolizer, the CYP2C19 poor metabolizer was significantly associated with higher risk of major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events in patients with AMI (hazard ratio, 2.88; 95% confidence interval, 1.27-6.53; P=0.011). However, this finding was not seen in patients with stable angina. A significant interaction between CYP2C19 genotypes and disease subsets of AMI and stable angina was identified with respect to major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (adjusted interaction P=0.045). The patients with AMI showed lower percent inhibition of P2Y12 compared with patients with stable angina in CYP2C19 poor metabolizer or CYP2C19 intermediate metabolizer genotype groups but not in CYP2C19 extensive metabolizer genotype group. Conclusions-CYP2C19 poor metabolizer is associated with poor clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in Asian patients with AMI but not in those with stable angina possibly because of differential requirement of platelet suppression in patients with AMI and stable angina. © 2013 American Heart Association, Inc. ER  - 
Clinical consequences of aspirin and clopidogrel resistance: An overview$$$ The aim of this review is to introduce the concept of personalized medicine in secondary stroke prevention with antiplatelet medication. In the last years, many studies have been conducted regarding aspirin resistance and genotyping of clopidogrel metabolism. A review of the currently published data on this issue emphasizes the importance of focusing on the individualizing approach in antiplatelet therapy to achieve maximal therapeutic beneficial effect. However, many authors suggest that, before new information from ongoing trials become available, good clinical practice should dictate the use of low dose of aspirin that was shown to be effective in the prevention of stroke and death in patients with ischemic cerebrovascular disease, because higher doses do not have significantly better efficacy than lower doses in secondary stroke prevention, but lower-dose aspirin is associated with less side effects. On the other hand, many factors are associated with clopidogrel resistance, and recent genetic studies showed that the CYP2C19*2 genotype (loss-of-function allele) is related to poor metabolism of clopidogrel, but larger studies are needed to definitively confirm or rule out the clinical significance of this genetic effect. The aim of personalized approach in secondary stroke prevention is to take the most appropriate medicine in the right dose in accordance with the clinical condition of the patient and associated risk factors. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Cytochrome CYP2C19 polymorphism and risk of adverse clinical events in clopidogrel-treated patients: A meta-analysis based on 23,035 subjects$$$ Background Previous studies have investigated the relationship between CYP2C19 polymorphism and clinical prognosis in coronary artery disease patients treated with clopidogrel, but the results were inconsistent. Aims To assess the impact of CYP2C19 polymorphism on the risk of adverse clinical events by performing a meta-analysis of relevant studies in the last few years. Methods Prospective cohort studies or post-hoc analyses of randomized controlled trials were identified from the databases of PubMed/Medline, EMBASE and the Cochrane Library. Endpoints were fatal or non-fatal myocardial infarction, cardiovascular or all-cause death, definite or probable stent thrombosis, target vessel revascularization, target lesion revascularization, urgent revascularization, ischaemic stroke and bleeding. Pooled effects were measured by odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Results A total of 21 studies involving 23,035 patients were included. Compared with non-carriers of the CYP2C19 variant allele, the carriers were found to have an increased risk of adverse clinical events (OR 1.50, 95% CI 1.21-1.87; P = 0.0003), myocardial infarction (OR 1.62, 95% CI 1.35-1.95; P < 0.00001), stent thrombosis (OR 2.08, 95% CI 1.67-2.60; P < 0.00001), ischaemic stroke (OR 2.14, 95% CI 1.36-3.38; P = 0.001) and repeat revascularization (OR 1.35, 95% CI 1.10-1.66; P = 0.004), but not of mortality (P = 0.500) and bleeding events (P = 0.930). Conclusion CYP2C19 polymorphism is significantly associated with risk of adverse clinical events in clopidogrel-treated patients. © 2013 Elsevier Masson SAS. ER  - 
Dual antiplatelet patterns in patients with myocardial infarction undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: Insights from the prospective canadian observational antiplatelet study (coapt)$$$ BACKGROUND: In patients with an acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), the Canadian Cardiovascular Society Guidelines for the use of antiplatelet therapy strongly recommend dual oral antiplatelet therapy with low-dose ASA indefinitely and an ADP (P2Y12) receptor inhibitor for ≥12 months; the updated 2012 Guidelines encourage the use of the newer ADP inhibitors over clopidogrel. METHODS: COAPT is a prospective, multicenter, longitudinal, observational cohort study describing real-world Canadian treatment patterns of ADP inhibitor therapy and its association with patient and treatment characteristics over a 15-month period, in patients with non-ST elevation (NSTEMI) and ST elevation (STEMI) myocardial infarction undergoing PCI. Objectives include the description of ACS patient characteristics, switching, discontinuation and duration of ADP receptor inhibitor therapy, and rates of major adverse cardiac events and bleeding. All 43 PCI centers in Canada were invited to participate; target enrolment is 2,200 patients by May 2013 with final 15-month follow-up anticipated by the end of 2014. RESULTS: From December 2011 to April 2013, 1576 patients (median age 60 [53,67] years; 20.5% female; 61.5% STEMI, 38.5% NSTEMI), were enrolled from 26 PCI hospitals. Prior history includes: MI (37.6%), heart failure (2.3%), PCI (25.9%), coronary artery bypass surgery (6.3%), stroke (2.5%), peripheral arterial disease (4.6%), hypertension (65.6%), diabetes (23.9%), and dyslipidemia (60.6%). Oral antiplatelet use included: ASA (94.2%; median dose 81), clopidogrel (90.1%), prasugrel (9.5%), and ticagrelor (15.4%). The ADP receptor inhibitor was started >1 hour before PCI in 86.4%, 43.9% and 46.3% of patients initially treated with clopidogrel, prasugrel and ticagrelor, respectively. The first dose of antiplatelet therapy was prescribed in the Emergency Department (ED) in 74.7% of cases. ED doctors were the prescribing physicians for 49.9%, 43.9% and 17.9% of patients receiving clopidogrel, prasugrel and ticagrelor, respectively. Amongst patients who received the newer agents, 61.5% also received clopidogrel. Early discontinuation of newer agents was infrequent with 9.1% of prasugrel- and 5.2% of ticagrelor-treated patients switched to clopidogrel. The rate of coronary artery bypass surgery (CABG) in this ACS PCI-managed population was 2.5%, occurring a median of 11 (6,73) days from admission. CONCLUSION: Despite superior efficacy and availability, newer ADP-receptor antagonists are used in a minority of ACS patients undergoing PCI in Canada. CABG rates are low, and generally occur well after admission. Updated in-hospital data and initial 6 week and 6 month follow-up antiplatelet use together with cardiac and bleeding event data will be presented. ER  - 
Pleiotropic effects of ticagrelor but not clopidogrel on human endothelial cells$$$ Background: Platelet inhibitors targeting P2Y12 receptor (clopidogrel, prasugrel and ticagrelor) play a major role in the treatment of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and in secondary prevention of cardio- and cerebrovascular disease. Different P2Y12 receptor antagonists have shown diverse beneficial effects in clinical trials; particularly, ticagrelor was shown to reduce mortality due to vascular causes, myocardial infarction and stroke in PLATO. However, these effects may not necessarily be platelet-dependent since P2Y12 receptors are not only found on platelets; additionally, part of the observed effects may also result from P2Y12-independent responses. Methods: To investigate the role of P2Y12 receptor antagonists on endothelial dysfunction, primary human aortic endothelial cells (HAECs) stimulated with or without TNFa (10 ng/ml) were treated with increasing concentrations of clopidogrel active metabolite (CAM) (1.5 x 10-8M, 1.5 x 10-7M, 1.5 x 10-6M) or ticagrelor (10-7M, 10-6M and 10-5M). Protein levels of endothelial mediators (eNOS, COX-1, COX-2, VCAM-1 and ICAM-1) were determined by western blotting. To confirm the expression of P2Y12 receptor in human aortic, brain and cardiac endothelial cells at the protein and mRNA level, western blotting and qrt-PCR were performed. Results: Ticagrelor, unlike CAM induced a dose-dependent phosphorylation of eNOS at serine 1177 in TNFa-stimulated HAECs vs TNFa alone (TNFa: 100 %; TNFa+tica 10-7M: +178±45%, n=8, p=ns; TNFa+tica 10-6M: +196±36%, n=8, p<0.05; TNFa+tica 10-5M: +254.1±44%, n=8, p<0.005). TNFa induced VCAM-1 expression in endothelial cells, which was decreased by ticagrelor at the highest concentration tested (TNFa: 100 %; TNFa+tica 10-5M: 73±11%, n=8, p<0.05). However, ICAM-1 expression was not affected by CAM or ticagrelor. Furthermore, ticagrelor but not CAM induced COX-2 expression in TNFa-stimulated cells (TNFa: 100 %; TNFa+tica 10-5M: +445±97%, n=8, p<0.005), while no changes in COX-1 expression were observed. Surprisingly, P2Y12 receptor expression was not detected in primary human aortic endothelial cells of aortic, cerebral or cardiac origin, neither at the protein nor at the mRNA level. Conclusions: Ticagrelor treatment in human TNFa-stimulated aortic endothelial cells results in 1) increased activation of eNOS by phosphorylation at serine 1177, 2) reduced expression of VCAM-1, and 3) increased expression of COX-2. Thus, ticagrelor, but not CAM demonstrates platelet-independent effects, by directly affecting endothelial cells. Additionally, in view of the undetected expression of P2Y12, the observed effect may also be P2Y12 receptor independent. The physiological relevance of our data will be further investigated in vivo. ER  - 
Clopidogrel, a P2Y12 purinoreceptor antagonist, attenuates VZV infection in human brain vascular adventitial fibroblasts$$$ Varicella zoster virus (VZV) vasculopathy is caused by productive infection of cerebral arteries leading to pathological vascular remodeling and stroke. Purinergic signaling, mediated by ATP and its metabolites, has emerged as important in vascular remodeling. In addition, purinergic signaling is involved in RNA virus infection, but its role in DNA virus infection is unknown. Thus, we hypothesize that specific purinoreceptors are involved in VZV infection of cerebral arteries and vascular remodeling. Because the arterial adventitia is the initial vascular site infected by VZV after virus reactivation, we treated VZV-infected primary human brain vascular adventitial fibroblasts (BRAFs) with antagonists of purinoreceptors P2X1, P2X4, P2X7, P2Y2, P2Y6, P2Y11 and P2Y12. Three days later, viral DNAwas quantified by qPCR. Compared to untreated infected controls, the P2Y11 antagonist significantly down-regulated VZV DNA by 37% and the P2Y12 antagonist by 69%. Significant differences were not found with other purinoreceptor antagonists. Because the P2Y12 antagonist (clopidogrel) produced the greatest reduction of VZV DNA, we also studied its effect on HSV-1 and HSV-2-infected BRAFs. Clopidogrel significantly downregulated HSV-1 and HSV-2 by >99% compared to untreated infected controls. Furthermore, clopidogrel reduced the titer of infectious virus for all three alphaherpesviruses. Overall, we demonstrated that the P2Y12 purinoreceptor antagonist decreases VZV, HSV-1 and HSV-2 DNA and infectivity in BRAFs. The clinical effectiveness of the P2Y12 antagonist clopidogrel remains to be determined. ER  - 
Potentiation by co-administration of antiplatelet drugs of aspirin-induced gastric bleeding and ulcerogenic responses in rats: Comparison with clopidogrel, ticropidine and cilostazol$$$ INTRODUCTION: Although antithrombotic therapy plays a central role in the treatment of apoplexy, cardiac disorders and peripheral arterial diseases, recent studies suggest that the risk of upper gastrointestinal bleeding is increased by the concomitant use of anti-platelet drugs with low-dose aspirin (ASA). We recently reported that an antiplatelet drug clopidogrel, the P2Y12 receptor antagonist, increased gastric bleeding induced by intraluminal perfusion with acidified low dose ASA in the rat stomach. AIMS&METHODS: We examined the effects of other antiplatelet drugs, such as ticlopidine and cilostazol, on gastric bleeding and lesion formation induced by intraluminal perfusion with low-dose ASA in rats, in comparison with those of clopidogrel. Under urethane anesthesia, a catheter was inserted into the rat stomach through an incision in the esophagus and another cannula was provided in the stomach through the pylorus. Then, the gastric lumen was perfused with saline through a catheter, and the perfusate was collected. After an equilibration period with saline perfusion, the stomach was perfused with acidified ASA (25 mM in 50 mM HCl) for 60 min. Gastric bleeding was evaluated as the hemoglobin concentration in the perfusate. Clopidogrel (10-100 mg/kg, PO), ticlopidine (10-300 mg/kg, PO) or cilostazol (3-30 mg/kg, IP) was given twice, 24 h and 0.5 h before ASA perfusion. RESULTS: Perfusion of the stomach with acidified ASA alone caused slight bleeding and lesions in the stomach. Pretreatment of the animal with clopidogrel, despite provoking by itself neither bleeding nor damage, dose-dependently increased gastric bleeding and damage after intraluminal perfusion with acidified ASA, and these responses were significantly prevented by PGE2. Likewise, ticlopidine also dose-dependently aggravated the severity of damage with an increase of gastric bleeding, the effects at 300 mg/kg being equivalent to those of clopidogrel at 100 mg/kg. On the other hand, cilostazol, unlike other two antiplatelet drugs, dose-dependently decreased gastric bleeding and lesions in response to acidified ASA, the inhibition of hemoglobin output and lesion score at 30 mg/kg being 68.2% and 46.8%, respectively. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that the antiplatelet drug ticlopidine increases gastric bleeding and ulcerogenic responses to low-dose ASA, similar to clopidogrel, while ciloztazol suppresses these responses, yet the mechanism for the protective action remains unknown. It is assumed that cilostazol may be safely used as a dual antiplatelet therapy combined with low-dose ASA, without increase of the risk of gastric bleeding. ER  - 
Incidence and outcome of high on-treatment platelet reactivity in patients with non-st elevation acute coronary syndromes undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (from the VIP [verifynow and inhibition of platelet reactivity] study)$$$ High residual platelet reactivity (RPR) on clopidogrel treatment has been associated with increased risk for ischemic events during follow-up in patients with acute coronary syndromes. The aim of this study was to assess the incidence, predictors, and clinical consequences of high RPR in a large population of patients with noneST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention and stenting. Overall, 833 patients received point-of-care testing of platelet inhibition 30 days after percutaneous coronary intervention. High RPR was diagnosed on the basis of P2Y12 reaction units >230. The incidence and predictors of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, and serious bleeding events were assessed up to 1 year from the day of testing. P2Y12 reaction units were normally distributed, and 264 patients were classified as poor responders (31.7%). Independent predictors of response to clopidogrel were male gender (odds ratio [OR] 1.51), age (OR 0.96), diabetes mellitus (OR 0.51), and use of proton pump inhibitors (OR 0.59). At 1 year, poor responders showed higher rates of death (4.6% vs 1.9%, p = 0.032) and serious bleeding events (4.9% vs 1.8%, p = 0.009) compared with good responders. After adjustment for confounders, high RPR did not emerge as an independent predictor of mortality (OR 0.57, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.23 to 1.42, p = 0.23) or serious bleeding events (OR 0.61, 95% CI 0.25 to 1.52, p = 0.29). The results did not change using the a cut-off value for P2Y12 reaction units of 208. In conclusion, 1/3 of patients with acute coronary syndromes who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention and stenting showed high on-treatment RPR on bedside monitoring. They had a worse prognosis, but the level of platelet inhibition was not independently associated with the incidence of ischemic or bleeding events. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Current evidence for antithrombotic therapy after peripheral vascular interventions$$$ There is occurring a progressive increase in peripheral arterial disease (PAD) in the United States and around the World. This is undoubtedly associated with deterioration in health status and an increase in cardiovascular risk factors. There are multiple old and new antithrombotic and anticoagulation medications that have been used for the treatment of PAD. Several are considered in this review. The purpose of antithrombotics in surgery is the prevention of thrombosis of surgical bypass grafts in order to help maintain their patency. Multiple different medication approaches can be made in association with surgery. Just as in the case of peripheral vascular surgery, thrombosis also plagues the long-term maintenance of patency following peripheral vascular interventions (PVIs). Platelets play a key role in the initiation and propagation of thrombus formation following these PVIs and the use of antithrombotic medication helps reduce the likelihood of intravascular thrombus formation and adverse ischemic events during and after the procedure. Currently used antithrombotic agents after percutaneous peripheral revascularization include aspirin, clopidogrel, cilostazol and warfarin. Available medications remain in a state of flux and new oral direct thrombin and Factor Xa inhibitors may also find a place as clinical evidence-based medicine accumulates. © 2013 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
The new oral anti-coagulants and the phase 3 clinical trials - a systematic review of the literature$$$ Background: Anticoagulation with vitamin K antagonists such as warfarin has historically been used for the long term management of patients with thromboembolic disease. However, these agents have a slow onset of action which requires bridging therapy with heparin and its analogues, which are available only in parenteral route. To overcome these limitations, new oral anticoagulants such as factor Xa inhibitors and direct thrombin inhibitors have been developed. The aim of this article is to systematically review the phase 3 clinical trials of new oral anticoagulants in common medical conditions.Methods: We searched PubMed (Medline) from January 2007 to February 2013 using " Oral anticoagulants" , " New oral anticoagulants" , " Randomized controlled trial" , " Novel anticoagulants" , " Apixaban" , " Rivaroxaban" , " Edoxaban" , " Dabigatran etexilate" , " Dabigatran" and a combination of the above terms. The available evidence from the phase 3 RCTs was summarized on the basis of individual drug and the medical conditions categorized into " atrial fibrillation" , " acute coronary syndrome" , " orthopedic surgery" , " venous thromboembolism" and " medically ill patients" .Results: Apixaban, rivaroxaban and dabigatran have been found to be either non-inferior or superior to enoxaparin in prophylaxis of venous thromboembolism in knee and hip replacement with similar bleeding risk, superior to warfarin for stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation with significant reduction in the risk of major bleeding, non-inferior to aspirin for reducing cardiovascular death and stroke in acute coronary syndrome with significant increase in the risk of major bleed. Rivaroxaban and dabigatran are also superior to the conventional agents in the management of symptomatic venous thromboembolism. However, compared to enoxaparin, apixaban and rivaroxaban use lead to significantly increased bleeding risk in medically ill patients. Additional studies evaluating the specific reversal agents of these new drugs for the management of life-threatening bleeding or other adverse effects are necessary.Conclusion: Considering their pharmacological properties, their efficacy and bleeding complications, the new oral agents offer a net favourable clinical profile in orthopedic surgery, atrial fibrillation, acute coronary syndrome and increase the risk of bleeding in critically ill patients. Further studies are necessary to determine the long term safety and to identify the specific reversal agents of these new drugs. © 2013 Tahir et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Obesity and intracranial in-stent thrombosis$$$ A morbidly obese, diabetic, hypertensive patient, with severe intracranial left middle cerebral artery (MCA) stenosis, suffered recurrent stereotyped transient ischemic attacks over 2 months, despite taking daily antiplatelet agents, high dose statin, insulin and an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor. A left MCA (M1) Wingspan stent-assisted angioplasty was performed after standard loading, and daily doses of clopidogrel were given 3 days prior to the procedure. Immediately after the procedure, the patient developed a left hemispheric ischemic stroke syndrome. Urgent re-angiography identified an acute intracranial in-stent thrombosis. This complication was immediately treated successfully with abciximab and balloon angioplasty. The patient had persistent residual stroke despite complete recanalization of the thrombosed stent within 3 h of occlusion. The patient was subsequently found to have incomplete inhibition of platelet activity despite being on clopidogrel 150 mg and aspirin 81 mg daily and having a normal CYP-2C19 genotype, suggesting that suboptimal antiplatelet inhibition, secondary to morbid obesity, contributed to his in-stent thrombosis. Obese patients undergoing coronary artery stenting routinely receive larger loading and maintenance doses of clopidogrel. Our case suggests that obese patients undergoing intracranial stenting may also benefit from higher than conventional clopidogrel doses prior to intracranial stenting, to decrease risk of acute in-stent occlusion. ER  - 
Emerging antithrombotic drugs for acute coronary syndrome$$$ Introduction: Acute coronary syndrome (ACS) encompasses acute myocardial infarction (MI) and unstable angina. Activation of platelets and coagulation cascade plays a central role in the development of ACS. Over the past decade, there have been substantial improvements in the strategies for secondary prevention of ACS, including the development of more potent oral antiplatelet agents such as prasugrel and ticagrelor. However, therapies with even better efficacy and safety profiles and more rapid onset and offset of action would be desirable. Areas covered: This review discusses the advantages and disadvantages of the currently available antithrombotic agents and describes the findings from recent clinical trials of three novel agents; cangrelor (an intravenous P2Y12 receptor antagonist), vorapaxar (protease-activated receptor-1 inhibitor) and rivaroxaban (an oral factor Xa inhibitor). Expert opinion: Cangrelor appears more promising than clopidogrel when a very rapid onset and reversal of antiplatelet effect is needed. Vorapaxar in addition to standard oral antiplatelet therapy was effective in patients with prior MI, but was not safe in patients with a prior stroke. Low dose rivaroxaban decreased cardiovascular events and mortality in patients post-ACS compared to placebo, although bleeding was increased. © 2013 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Interface between pharmacotherapy and genes in human obesity$$$ Obesity is a polygenic chronic condition, and dysregulation in multiple underlying energy balance processes drives the obese phenotype. Lifestyle changes can be difficult to sustain long term, and anti-obesity drugs can be an advantageous component of a successful weight loss plan. However, due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, there is currently a limited selection of anti-obesity drugs on the market. This, coupled with the notable interindividual variability in efficacy of approved treatments, represents a significant unmet medical need. In this review, we will highlight this variability in weight loss response to these existing anti-obesity compounds and discuss how underpinning genetic variation is associated with weight loss outcomes. Existing research in the field of pharmacogenomics and obesity drugs will be highlighted, as will possibilities for future focus. We will conclude by exploring examples of successful pharmacogenomics studies, and also by asking how pharmacogenomics can be built into the drug development pipeline for the benefit of patients and pharmaceutical companies alike. © 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
High post-clopidogrel platelet reactivity assessed by a point-of-care assay predicts long-term clinical outcomes in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary coronary stenting$$$ Background: Recent studies have shown that post-clopidogrel high platelet reactivity (HPR), assessed by a point-of-care assay, is associated with a higher risk of adverse events after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). We assessed the clinical impact of HPR by the VerifyNow P2Y12 point-of-care assay in 181 patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) who underwent primary PCI with drug-eluting stents (DES) at 3 hospitals. Methods: The primary endpoint of the study was the 12-month major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), which comprised cardiovascular death, nonfatal MI and ischemic stroke. All patients received a single loading dose of 600 mg clopidogrel and 300 mg aspirin followed by a daily maintenance dose of 75 mg clopidogrel and 100 mg aspirin. Results: A P2Y12 reaction unit (PRU) ≥ 282 (AUC 0.719, 95% CI 0.588-0.851, p = 0.004, sensitivity 68.8%, specificity 73.8%) was the optimal cut-off value in predicting 12-month MACE by receiver operating characteristic curve analysis. Occurrence of MACE was significantly more frequent in patients with HPR (PRU ≥ 282) compared to patients without HPR (20.4% vs. 3.9%, HR 6.24, 95% CI 2.05-18.99, p = 0.001). By multivariate analysis, HPR (HR 3.84, 95% CI 1.17-12.58, p = 0.026) and elderly patients above 80 years of age (HR: 8.13, 95% CI 1.79-37.03, p = 0.007) were found to be the significant predictors of 12-month MACE. The MACE-free survival rate was significantly lower in patients with HPR compared to patients without HPR (p < 0.001). Conclusion: HPR assessed by a point-of-care assay was able to predict 12-month MACE in patients with STEMI who underwent primary PCI with DES. © 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. ER  - 
Current evidence for monitoring platelet reactivity in acute coronary syndrome: A plea for individualized antiplatelet treatment$$$ Although clopidogrel is more effective in preventing thrombotic complications than aspirin alone in a broad spectrum of patients with ischemic heart disease, many of its limitations were recently brought to light including a delayed onset of action and highly unpredictable P2Y12-receptor inhibition. New-generation ADP-receptor antagonists, such as prasugrel and ticagrelor, were designed and developed to overcome these limitations, providing a more rapid, more reliable and more potent P2Y12-receptor inhibition. These pharmacodynamic benefits of new-generation antiplatelet agents were translated into significant clinical advantage among patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS), especially in preventing stent thrombosis. However, the downsides of the unselected use of novel P2Y12-receptor antagonists include higher risk of bleeding and increased costs. Platelet reactivity testing might become a useful tool to help balance between bleeding and thrombosis with P2Y12-receptor antagonists; however, its role in clinical practice for patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) remains uncertain. The aim of this viewpoint article is to summarize the currently available evidence supporting a role of platelet function testing in patients with ACS after PCI. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. ER  - 
Novel oral anticoagulants: Clinical pharmacology, indications and practical considerations$$$ Background: Novel oral anticoagulants are approved in several indications: rivaroxaban, apixaban, and dabigatran for the prevention of venous thromboembolism after elective hip or knee replacement surgery, and edoxaban for hip or knee replacement surgery and hip fracture surgery (in Japan only); rivaroxaban for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE), and prevention of recurrent DVT and PE; and rivaroxaban, apixaban, and dabigatran for the prevention of stroke and systemic embolism in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation. These agents overcome some limitations of traditional anticoagulants, are suggested to have no requirement for routine coagulation monitoring, and are administered orally. Rivaroxaban, apixaban, and dabigatran have different pharmacological characteristics, and guidance is needed on optimum doses and dosing intervals and the effects of renal or hepatic impairment, age, food, and other drugs. Dabigatran has stricter prescribing advice than rivaroxaban or apixaban for patients with moderate-to-severe renal impairment. All three drugs have restrictions on use in patients with hepatic impairment. Apixaban requires twice-daily dosing in all indications, whereas rivaroxaban and dabigatran are dosed once- or twice-daily depending on indication. Although head-to-head comparisons are lacking, the novel oral anticoagulants may show favorable cost-benefit relations compared with traditional vitamin K antagonists or no therapy. Aim: This review summarizes the pharmacology of rivaroxaban, apixaban, edoxaban, and dabigatran, and the indications for which they are approved. Issues regarding the optimization of the use of these anticoagulants for the management of thromboembolic disorders will also be discussed. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
Aspirin, clopidogrel, and ticagrelor in acute coronary syndromes$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy is the cornerstone in the management of patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). Ticagrelor, an oral, direct, reversibly binding, P2Y12 receptor antagonist, is approved for the prevention of atherothrombotic events in adult patients with ACS. In the PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial, ticagrelor was associated with significant reductions in cardiovascular events, cardiovascular mortality, and all-cause mortality compared with clopidogrel. A subanalysis of PLATO trial data identified a geographic region interaction (p = 0.045), indicating reduced efficacy of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in North American patients. This effect could be due to chance, but may be explained by an interaction of ticagrelor with high aspirin doses, which are commonly used in the United States. In patients taking low-dose maintenance aspirin, ticagrelor was more effective than clopidogrel in decreasing cardiovascular events regardless of the geographic region. A proposed hypothetical mechanism for the interaction between ticagrelor and higher aspirin dose is linked to the level of P2Y 12 inhibition and the potential prothrombotic effects of high-dose aspirin through the suppression of prostacyclin. A review of data regarding aspirin use for secondary prevention of events in ACS demonstrated that low aspirin doses (75 to 160 mg/day) are consistently favored for short- and long-term use because of the lack of a dose-response relationship between increasing aspirin dose and improved efficacy, and a higher incidence of gastrointestinal bleeding with increasing aspirin dose. The use of low aspirin doses reflects good clinical practice and is encouraged in current guidelines. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Challenges and limitations in the interpretation of systematic reviews: Making sense of clopidogrel and CYP2C19 pharmacogenetics$$$ From 2010 to 2012, nine systematic reviews reported highly variable conclusions regarding the association between carriage of a cytochrome P450 2C19 loss-of-function allele and the risk of adverse cardiovascular (CV) events in individuals using clopidogrel. Possible contributors to the variable findings include differences in patient populations, CV end points, and statistical models utilized by the systematic reviews, as well as unexplained heterogeneity, inconsistent/incomplete reporting, and risk of publication bias with respect to the primary studies. © 2013 American Society for Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics. ER  - 
The role of thrombophilic and procoagulant genes' polymorphisms in children's stroke with Moyamoya disease$$$ Background: It considered that Moyamoya disease (MMD) itself has enough reasons for stroke and TIA in children. The aim was to assess the incidence of prothromboticgene's polymorphisms in patients with MMD. Methods: Type of study: clinical cases. 5 children 5-13 y.o. with MMD I-IV type (Matsushima, MR angiography confirmed) were investigated for 12 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) by polymerase chain reaction and for the level of homocysteine. Patients had 2-6 TIA and 1-2 stroke in the past. Results: Patients had more than three thrombophilic genes and more than two genes of folic acid cycle's enzymes. The frequency of genes' polymorphisms were: F2: G20210A (n=0), F5: G1691A (n=0), F7: G10976A (n=4), F13: G103T (n=3), PAI-1: -675 5G/4G (n=5), FGB: G-455A (n=2), ITGA2: C807T (n=5), ITGB3: T1565C (n=3), MTHFR: C677T (n=4), MTHFR: A1298C (n=0), MTRR: A66G (n=4), MTR: A2756G (n=3) both in the homozygous and heterozygous state. Nobody was suspected as having thrombophilia before the stroke occured. All patients had SNPs' combinations including coagulation factors (FGB, F7, F13), platelets receptors (ITGA or ITGB) and fibrinolytic system (PAI). As well as their hemostasis states showed hypercoagulation: fibrinogen >4.3 g/l, aPTT <27 seconds. The level of homocysteine were 12-37 μmol/l and the age limit was doubled. After genotyping patients were prescribed anticoagulants and antiplatelet drugs (aspirin, clopidogrel, warfarin or sulodexide) and 200-400 μg folic acid daily which have not been administered before. Two years monitoring showed no stroke, no TIA, normal level of homocysteine (4.78±0.21 μmol/l) and norma- or hypocoagulation in hemostasis. Conclusion: Five and more SNPs of inherited thrombophilia genes that have been realized as stroke, TIA and homocysteinemia were revealed in children with MMD. We assume procoagulant genes' SNPs to be the main reason of early life debut and thrombosis' recurrence in these patients. Detection of these SNPs, homocysteine's rate and blood clotting system must be administered to all patients with identified MMD. ER  - 
Association between CYP2C19 gene polymorphisms and short-term clinical endpoints of Chinese ACS patients$$$ Objective: To investigate associations between clopidogrel metabolism related genes CYP2C19 ∗2, ∗3, ∗4, ∗17 and shortterm adverse clinical endpoints like death, myocardial infarction and stentthrombosis among Chinese patients with ACS (acute coronary syndrome). Methods: Based on previous parts about genotyping Result and prespecified inclusion and exclusion criteria, we collected clinical information of enrolled patients such as age, gender, past history of disease, in-hospital medications and reperfusion Methods, and then combined them with gene Result to analyze associations between different gene polymorphism and short-term ischemic clinical events like death, myocardial Infarction, stent thrombosis. First we analyze impact of single gene on single clinical endpoint and composite endpoint of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, repeated revascularization and recurrent angina, subsequently we integrate CYP2C19 ∗2-∗4 as a whole gene (CYP2C19 LOF gene) to evaluate associations between CYP2C19 LOF gene and single clinical endpoint and composite endpoint of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, repeated revascularization and recurrent angina. We use Cox regression models as statistical Methods and the Result were presented as HR as well as 95% confidence intervals. Result: 2569 patients entered this part of study about impact of different gene polymorphisms on short-term prognosis eventually. Among them 485 females (18.9%), median age 58 years. Multivariable regression models had disclosed only CYP2C19 ∗3 and ∗4 were associated with repeated revascularization (HR 8.86, 95% CI 1.76 -44.76 and HR 0.003, 95% CI 0.000 - 0.13). CYP2C19 ∗17 was not associated with risk of bleeding, other genes were not associated with single endpoint and composite endpoint of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, repeated revascularization and recurrent angina (all with P > 0.05). CYP2C19 LOF gene were not associated with single endpoint and composite endpoint of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, repeated revascularization and recurrent angina (all with P > 0.05). Conclusion: There were no significant associations between clopidogrel metabolism related genes CYP2C19 ∗2, ∗3, ∗4, ∗17 and short-term adverse clinical endpoints like death, myocardial infarction and stent thrombosis. Only CYP2C19 ∗3 and ∗4 were associated with repeated revascularization. These Result reminded us that there were no associations between gene polymorphisms and short-term ischemic clinical endpoint, routine genotyping of above genes are not recommended in clinical practice. ER  - 
Association between ABCB1, PON-1 gene polymorphisms and short-term clinical endpoints of Chinese ACS patients$$$ Objective: To investigate associations between clopidogrel metabolism related genes ABCB1 C3435T and PON-1 Q192R and short-term adverse clinical endpoints like death, myocardial infarction and stent thrombosis among Chinese patients with ACS (acute coronary syndrome). Methods: Based on previous parts about genotyping Result and prespecified inclusion and exclusion criteria, we collected clinical information of enrolled patients such as age, gender, past history of disease, in-hospital medications and reperfusion Methods, and then combined them with gene Result to analyze associations between different gene polymorphism and short-term ischemic clinical events like death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis. First we analyze impact of single gene on single clinical endpoint and composite endpoint of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, repeated revascularization and recurrent angina, subsequently we integrate CYP2C19, ABCB1 and PON-1 as a whole gene to evaluate associations between CYP2C19 LOF gene and single clinical endpoint and composite endpoint of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, repeated revascularization and recurrent angina, last we evaluate associations between multiple genes and single clinical endpoint and composite endpoint of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, repeated revascularization and recurrent angina. We use Cox regression models as statistical Methods and the Result were presented as HR as well as 95% confidence intervals. Result: 2569 patients entered this part of study about impact of different gene polymorphisms on short-term prognosis eventually. Among them 485 females (18.9%), median age 58 years. Multivariable regression models had disclosed only ABCB1 associated with composite endpoint of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, repeated revascularization and recurrent angina (HR 1.97, 95% CI 1.09 -3.55), other genes were not associated with single endpoint and composite endpoint of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, repeated revascularization and recurrent angina (all with P > 0.05). CYP2C19, ABCB1 and PON-1 LOF gene were not associated with single endpoint and composite endpoint of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, repeated revascularization and recurrent angina (all with P > 0.05). Multiple genes were not associated with single endpoint and composite endpoint of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, repeated revascularization and recurrent angina (all with P > 0.05). Conclusion: There were no significant associations between clopidogrel metabolism related genes ABCB1 C3435T and PON-1 Q192R and short-term adverse clinical endpoints like death, myocardial infarction and stent thrombosis. Only ABCB1 associated with composite endpoint of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, stent thrombosis, repeated revascularization and recurrent angina. These Result reminded us that ABCB1 can predict short-term risk of MACE. ER  - 
Platelet responsiveness to clopidogrel treatment after peripheral endovascular procedures and evaluation of the optimal cut-off value and clinical effect of high platelet reactivity on treatment: The PRECLOP study (NCT01744613)$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the optimal cut-off value and clinical effect of high platelet reactivity (HPR) after peripheral endovascular procedures (PEP) in patients receiving clopidogrel. Material and Methods: This prospective trial included patients receiving 75 mg clopidogrel daily because of infrainguinal angioplasty or stenting. Platelet inhibition was assessed with the VerifyNow P2Y12 point-of-care test. Primary endpoints were 1-year clinical event rate (composite endpoint of death, major stroke, major amputation, target vessel revascularization, or bypass) according to the P2Y12 Reaction Units (PRU)-based quartile distribution, the estimation of the optimal PRU cut-off value to predict clinical outcome, and the identification of independent predictors influencing event-free survival. Results: In total, 100 consecutive patients were enrolled. The 1-year cumulative event rate was 4%, 12%, 52%, and 84% in the first, second, third, and fourth quartiles, respectively (p < 0.0001;one-way ANOVA). Pairwise comparisons demonstrated a significant difference in the composite endpoint between successive quartiles (p < 0.05 except for the first vs. second and third vs. forth quartile, Dunn's nonparametric post-test). According to ROC analysis the optimal cut-off value for the composite endpoint was PRU ≥234 (area under the curve 0.883; 95% CI: 0.811-0.954; p < 0.0001, sensitivity 92.1%, specificity 84.2%). Cox multivariable regression analysis identified HPR (PRU ≥ 234) as the only independent predictor for increased number of adverse events (HR:16.9; 95% CI: 5-55, p < 0.0001). Conclusion: High platelet reactivity on treatment detected by point-of-care testing of clopidogrel responsiveness was associated with increased adverse clinical events in patients undergoing PEP. ER  - 
Association of CYP2C19 polymorphisms and proton-pump inhibitors (PPI) with efficacy of clopidogrel in patients with coronary atherosclerotic heart disease (CHD)$$$ OBJECTIVES: To investigate association of CYP2C19 polymorphisms and proton-pump inhibitors (PPI) therapy with efficacy of clopidogrel in patients with coronary atherosclerotic heart disease. METHODS: A total of 189 Chinese Han patients who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention and treated with clopidogrel were enrolled. Polymorphisms of CYP2C19∗2, ∗3 were analyzed using PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP). Genotyping of CYP2C19 was classified as extensive (∗1/∗1), intermediate (∗1/∗2, ∗1/∗3), and poor (∗2/∗2, ∗2/∗3, ∗3/∗3) metabolize genotype. We examined the association between these genetic variants and PPI combined therapy with cardiovascular outcomes. RESULTS: The allele frequency of CYP2C19∗2 and ∗3 was 33.86% and 5.82%. 13.76% had poor metabolize genotype (∗2/∗2, ∗2/∗3, ∗3/∗3). Of the 189 patients, 11 experienced acute coronary syndrome, 1 suffered stroke, 4 patients had stent thrombosis and 1 died. The overall incidence of cardiovascular events was 8.99%. Poor metabolize genotype carriers were not associated with high cardiovascular events (χ2 = 0.23, p = 0.63). And PPI combined therapy did not increase the incidence of cardiovascular events (χ2 = 0.0002, p = 0.98). CONCLUSIONS: The overall frequencies of CYP2C19 poor metabolize genotype in this Chinese Han population were higher than those in Caucasians, but frequency of cardiovascular events in Chinese Han population did not increase. Factors other than CYP2C19 polymorphisms and PPI therapy should be considered for clopidogrel resistance. ER  - 
Platelet reactivity measurements before and after percutaneous coronary intervention among patients undergoing early invasive management for acute coronary syndrome$$$ Introduction: There are conflicting data on the optimal timing of platelet reactivity (PR) measurements to identify patients at risk of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) and bleeding. This study hypothesised that significant changes in PR occur peri-PCI. Methods: We studied 395 patients undergoing PCI for NSTEMI/UA. Patients received, in the emergency room, aspirin (300 mg loading dose followed by 100 mg maintenance dose) and 1 of 2 P2Y12 antagonists: clopidogrel (300 mg/ 75 mg OM) or ticagrelor (180 mg/ 90 mg BD). Adenosine diphosphate-induced multiple electrode aggregometry (Multiplate®) was performed to analyse PR at the time of PCI and post-PCI (24 hours). In-hospital and 30-day MACE, defined as cardiovascular death, recurrent MI, stroke or stent thrombosis, and bleeding, defined as bleeding academic research consortium (BARC) type 2 or greater bleeding, were assessed in all patients. Results: Patients were treated with clopidogrel [n = 356 (89%)] or ticagrelor [n = 39 (11%)]. The mean pre- and post-PCI PR was consistently higher with clopidogrel than ticagrelor. However, the mean reduction between pre- and post-PCI PR was 3-fold higher for clopidogrel than ticagrelor (P <0.01 by Kruskall-Wallis test). In-hospital and 30-day post-discharge MACE and bleeding events corresponded closely with the frequency of pre- and post-PCI hyporesponders, defined as PR >468 AU∗min, and hyperresponders, defined as PR > 300 AU∗ min, respectively. Discussion & Conclusion: Large differential reductions in PR were observed within 24 hours post-PCI. PR measurements tracked well with inhospital and post-discharge MACE and bleeding events. Among patients with only pre-PCI measurement, consideration should be given to repeating PR measurements within 24 hours post-PCI. ER  - 
Platelet Reactivity Measurements Before and After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention Among Patients Undergoing Early Invasive Management for Acute Coronary Syndrome$$$ Introduction: There are conflicting data on the optimal timing of platelet reactivity (PR) measurements to identify patients at risk of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) and bleeding. This study hypothesised that significant changes in PR occur peri-PCI. Methods: We studied 395 patients undergoing PCI for NSTEMI/UA. Patients received, in the emergency room, aspirin (300 mg loading dose followed by 100 mg maintenance dose) and 1 of 2 P2Y12 antagonists: clopidogrel (300 mg/ 75 mg OM) or ticagrelor (180 mg/ 90 mg BD). Adenosine diphosphate-induced multiple electrode aggregometry (Multiplate®) was performed to analyse PR at the time of PCI and post-PCI (24 hours). In-hospital and 30-day MACE, defined as cardiovascular death, recurrent MI, stroke or stent thrombosis, and bleeding, defined as bleeding academic research consortium (BARC) type 2 or greater bleeding, were assessed in all patients. Results: Patients were treated with clopidogrel [n = 356 (89%)] or ticagrelor [n = 39 (11%)]. The mean pre- and post-PCI PR was consistently higher with clopidogrel than ticagrelor. However, the mean reduction between pre- and post-PCI PR was 3-fold higher for clopidogrel than ticagrelor (P <0.01 by Kruskall-Wallis test). In-hospital and 30-day post-discharge MACE and bleeding events corresponded closely with the frequency of pre- and post-PCI hyporesponders, defined as PR >468 AU*min, and hyperresponders, defined as PR > 300 AU* min, respectively. Discussion & Conclusion: Large differential reductions in PR were observed within 24 hours post-PCI. PR measurements tracked well with inhospital and post-discharge MACE and bleeding events. Among patients with only pre-PCI measurement, consideration should be given to repeating PR measurements within 24 hours post-PCI. ER  - 
Advances in our understanding of "resistance" to antiplatelet agents for prevention of ischemic stroke$$$ We review the role of aspirin and clopidogrel for prevention of ischemic stroke and explore the concept of antiplatelet therapy resistance both from a laboratory and clinical perspective and genetic polymorphisms that might influence platelet reactivity with clopidogrel administration. Debates have raged over the years about the application of platelet function tests in clinical practice. We conclude that platelet function testing is not indicated in routine clinical practice. This recommendation is supported by clinical guideline statements, a lack of a global platelet function measure, and limitations of current platelet function test methods as applied in practice. We discuss a recently hypothesized hierarchy of patient characteristics in relation to which patients are most likely to benefit from platelet function studies based on acuity (i.e., risk) of cardiovascular disease. A focus of antiplatelet therapy administration should include emphasis on compliance/adherence and in the example of aspirin, use of well-absorbed forms of aspirin and avoidance of drugs that may interact with aspirin to inhibit its mechanism of action (e.g., certain nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs). © 2013 Philip B. Gorelick and Muhammad U. Farooq. ER  - 
Is bleeding a necessary evil? the inherent risk of antithrombotic pharmacotherapy used for stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation$$$ Current European atrial fibrillation (AF) guidelines have assigned a strong recommendation for the initiation of antithrombotic therapy to prevent thromboembolism in all but those AF patients at low risk (or with contraindications). Furthermore, the selection of antithrombotic therapy is based on the absolute risks of thromboembolism and bleeding, and the relative risk and benefit for a given patient. By their very mechanism of action, antithrombotic agents used for stroke prevention in AF will potentially increase the risk of bleeding events. Moreover, the introduction of novel oral anticoagulation agents have introduced new, hitherto ill-defined, deficiencies in the authors' knowledge with respect to anticoagulation monitoring, availability of direct antidotes, drug-drug interactions and the ability to appropriately control and reverse their actions if bleeding events occur. The authors present a comprehensive review on all aspects of bleeding related to currently licensed antithrombotic agents used for stroke prevention in patients with AF. © 2013 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Regulatory and scientific issues regarding use of foreign data in support of new drug applications in the United States: An FDA perspective$$$ Globalization of clinical research has led to an increase in clinical trials conducted outside of the United States that are submitted to the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in new drug applications. This article discusses the FDA's experience with these submissions in specific therapeutic areas, including the extent of this practice, differences between the effectiveness and safety outcomes of studies conducted inside and outside the United States, and the FDA's approach to acceptance of these trials. © 2013 American Society for Clinical Pharmacology and therapeutics. ER  - 
Management of atrial fibrillation in chronic kidney disease: Double trouble$$$ Chronic kidney disease (CKD) has a very well-established link with cardiovascular disease. Below stage 3 CKD (glomerular filtration rate <60 mL/min), there is a progressive increase in both total mortality and cardiovascular-specific mortality as kidney function declines; indeed, it is more likely for a patient with CKD stage 3 to die of cardiovascular disease than to progress to CKD stage 4 and beyond. Arrhythmia is particularly common in patients with CKD. Depending on the study and measurement used, the prevalence of patients with CKD with chronic atrial fibrillation (AF) is quoted at 7% to 18%, rising to 12% to 25% for those older than 70 years. These rates are up to 2 to 3 times higher than in the general population. Of all patients with AF, 10% to 15% will have CKD. However, not all standard rate and rhythm methods are suitable for this population and those that are tend to be less effective. Meanwhile, anticoagulation has long been a thorny subject, with much conflicting evidence around the balance between bleeding and stroke risk. To help clarify this, we first highlight the challenges of performing evidence-based medicine in the patient with renal disease, and then review recent and emerging research to suggest an approach to the management of patients with renal disease who have AF. We also review the potential role of the different new oral anticoagulant drugs in CKD. © 2013 Mosby, Inc. ER  - 
Short-term and long-term clinical outcomes in veterans treated with clopidogrel compared to prasugrel after percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Studies have shown that prasugrel has higher efficacy compared to clopidogrel in reducing major cardiovascular events after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), but a higher risk of bleeding. There have been no studies conducted on a veteran population, which is characterized by male predominance, high average age, and a large burden of chronic diseases. Aim. To determine the occurrence of major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCE) in our veterans treated with clopidogrel compared to prasugrel after PCI. Methods. Veterans who underwent PCI from January 2009 to October 2011 were included in this observational, single-center, retrospective study. Patients required PCI for stable and unstable angina, non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (MI), and ST-elevation MI. All patients received a loading dose of clopidogrel 300 or 600 mg or prasugrel 60 mg in addition to aspirin 325 mg prior to PCI. A total of 308 patients were included in this study, of which 251 received clopidogrel 75 mg daily or twice daily and 57 received prasugrel 10 mg daily, in addition to aspirin. A majority of the patients (∼90%) were given prasugrel due to high platelet reactivity (VerifyNow P2Y12 reaction unit >235). The primary endpoint was MACCE, including non-fatal MI, cardiac death, stent thrombosis, target vessel revascularization and stroke at 1 month and 1 year. The key safety endpoint was bleeding events during this time period. All data were analyzed using chi-square test and/or Fisher's exact test at the 5% level of significance using Statistical Analysis Software 9.1 (SAS Institute). Results. In veterans receiving clopidogrel compared to prasugrel, there was no significant difference at 1 month and 1 year in the incidence of non-fatal MI (0.8 vs 3.5%; P=.16; 3.2 vs 5.2%; P=.22), cardiac death (0.4 vs 0%; P=1.0; 0.4 vs 0%; P=1.0), stent thrombosis (0.79 vs 1.75%; P=.46; 1.21 vs 1.75%; P=.57), target vessel revascularization (1.19 vs 1.75%; P=.56; 4.05 vs 5.26%; P=.72), or stroke (1.59 vs 0%; P=1.0; 0.81 vs 3.51%; P=.16). There was also no significant difference in the occurrence of bleeding episodes (3.17 vs 0%; P=.36; 7.29 vs 3.51%; P=.39). Conclusions. In our population of veterans, treatment with clopidogrel or prasugrel (in clopidogrel non-responders) following PCI demonstrated similar short-term and long-term incidence of major adverse cardiovascular, cerebrovascular, and bleeding events. ER  - 
Clinical outcome following percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with acute coronary syndromes and optimal platelet inhibition: Results from a prospective registry of 864 patients$$$ Purpose: High on-treatment P2Y12 reactivity (PRU) is associated with throm-botic events following PCI for ACS. Low PRU is associated with increased bleeding rates. There may be an optimal PRU range within which adverse events are minimised. Methods: Patients who presented with ACS from a prospective PCI registry were studied for the presence of an optimal PRU (VerifyNow) range relative to an on-treatment combined adverse event (CAE) of death, clinical MI, stroke and BARC 2 to 5 bleeding. Results: There were 864 patients (25.0% female, mean (SD) age 63.4 (17) years, clopidogrel 94.5%, prasugrel 5.5%), followed over a median (IQR) of 3.5 (2.9) years. The optimal range proposed by the ARMYDA-PROVE investigators (PRU 178 to 239) was the most useful for identifying patients at low risk of CAEs. Applying this range, 185 (21.4%) patients had an optimal PRU, 465 (53.8%) were hypo- and 214 (24.8%) hyper-responders. Most MIs (29 of 30) occurred within the first year; rates were higher in hypo-responders (4.5% versus 2.0%, p=0.041). In contrast there were few bleeding events by 12 months with no difference between groups, but long-term bleeding rate was higher in hyper-responders (8.4% versus 4.6%, p=0.035). In hyper-, optimal and hypo-responders, CAE rate at 12 months was 7.9%, 2.2% and 8.0%, p=0.020; and at long-term follow-up 12.6%, 2.7% and 10.1%, p=0.002 (see figure). Optimal PRU was significantly negatively associated with CAEs at 1 year (adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) 0.18, 95% CI 0.04 to 0.74, p=0.017) and at long-term follow-up (aHR 0.21, 95% CI 0.06 to 0.66, p=0.008). (figur presented) Conclusions: Following PCI for ACS, optimal PRU is associated with a low rate of adverse clinical events. However, only about one fifth of patients on clopidogrel naturally fall into this category. ER  - 
Frailty is associated with worse outcomes in acute coronary syndromes: Outcomes in TRILOGY$$$ Purpose: Little is known about frailty in ACS patients and there is no information about the safety and efficacy of P2Y12 antagonists in this setting. We therefore assessed the impact of frailty in ACS patients enrolled in TRILOGY. Methods: TRILOGY randomized 9326 patients with unstable angina or NSTEMI who were planned for medical management without revascularization to receive prasugrel (10 mg/d; 5 mg/d for patients ≥75 y or <60 kg) or clopidogrel 75 mg/d. The primary endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular death, MI, or stroke. The Fried Frailty Score was administered to 4699 (99.9%) patients >65 y. Score items included weight loss, exhaustion, physical activity, walk time, and grip strength. Association of frailty with the primary endpoint was adjusted for GRACE Risk Score covariates; HRs and 95% CIs are presented. Results: 72.3% of patients were classed as not frail, 23.0% as pre-frail (1-2 items), and 5.1% as frail (≥3 items). Increasing frailty scores were associated with most risk factors and with increasing age: 0 items, 73.0 y; 1-2 items, 74.0 y; ≥3 items, 75.0 y; female sex (46.0%, 45.9%, and 50.2%); and higher GRACE scores (134.0, 138.0, and 144.0), respectively. Ischemic outcomes and bleeding are shown in the table. Frailty was significantly associated with the primary endpoint (pre-frail vs not frail: adjusted HR 1.33 [95% CI 1.11-1.60]; frail vs not frail: 1.55 [1.12-2.13], p<0.001). Conclusions: Frailty is strongly associated with the composite of cardiovascular death, MI, or stroke as well as all-cause mortality. No association of frailty with bleeding was observed in the TRILOGY trial. ER  - 
Higher on-treatment platelet reactivity and more bleeding complications in the elderly: Insight from the ARCTIC study$$$ Background: The ARCTIC study showed no significant improvement in clinical outcomes with platelet function monitoring and treatment adjustment before and after coronary stenting. The objective of this study was to evaluate, in this population, on treatment platelet reactivity and occurrence of ischemic and bleeding complications compared to a younger population. Results: Of the 2440 patients randomized in the ARCTIC study, 384 were>75 yrs (15.74%). Mean age was 79.6±3 yrs, with more women (32.3% vs. 16.8%), more frequent hypertension (78.9% v. 59.2%) and lower body weight (73.06±13.1 vs. 79.99±14.86kg) in the elderly compared with younger patients (p for all <0.001). At the time of stent implantation, high on-thienopyridine platelet reactivity was more frequent in the elderly than in younger patients (44.6% versus 32.6%, p=0.001) while no difference was observed for high on-aspirin platelet reactivity (8.7% versus 7.6%, p=ns). Intensification of antiplatelet therapy was more frequently performed using clopidogrel reloading (21.9% versus 16.9%, p=0.02) and less frequently by switching to a more potent P2Y12 inhibition strategy like pra-sugrel (3.1% versus 8.4%, p=0.0004). As a consequence, high on-thienopyridine platelet reactivity remained significantly higher in the elderly than in younger patients during the maintenance phase (21.8% versus 14.4%, p=0.001). At one-year follow-up, major and minor bleeding events were more frequent in the elderly than in younger patients (HR 1.72; 95% CI 1.07-2.78, p=0.03) whereas there was no difference in the rate of primary endpoint (death, Myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, stroke or transient ischemic attack, urgent revascularization) HR 1.02 [0.84; 1.23], p=0,86, but there were more deaths in the elderly (HR 2.05; 95% CI 1.08-3.87, p=0.03). Conclusion: Despite having higher on-treatment platelet reactivity and a lesser oral aggressive strategy of antiplatelet treatment compared with younger patients, the elderly had more frequent bleeding events. ER  - 
The characteristics of patients with a recent history of acute myocardial infarction and their antiplatelet therapy utilization pattern in the UK general practice$$$ Purpose: Patients with a recent history of acute myocardial infraction (MI) are at an increased risk for subsequent cardiovascular (CV) events. Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAT) of aspirin and P2Y12 antagonists such as clopidogrel, prasugrel, and ticagrelor are recommended by ESC guidelines (2012) for secondary prevention of CV events, especially in the first year post MI. This analysis assessed among patients in a UK general practice setting, their characteristics and utilization pattern of antiplatelet therapy following an MI. Methods: Using a UK general practice database, patients who had an acute MI event between 12/01/2009 and 11/30/2010 (index period) and aged ≥18 years at the time of MI were identified and retrospectively followed up for 2 years (up to 11/30/2012). The last MI event during the index period is classified as the index MI. Those patients with a history of any stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA) prior to the index MI were excluded, due to heightened bleeding risk and contraindications to certain combination antiplatelet treatment. All selected patients had available medical records for at least 1 year prior to and 2 years following the index MI. MI, stroke and TIA history were evaluated through all the available medical records prior to the index MI. Other patient characteristics were assessed according to the records 1 year prior to the index MI. The aspirin and P2Y12 antagonists use was based on the prescription records of 1 year prior to and 2 years post index MI. Results: Among 5,422 patients (71% males, mean age 69 years [SD 12]) who met the selection criteria, 66% were <75 years of age, 86% weighed ≥ 60 kg; 87% had a history of prior MI, 18% had other ischemic heart disease, 20% had diabetes, 34% had hypertension, 1% had peripheral artery disease, and 83% were on statin. Prior to the index MI, 71% of patients received aspirin and 15% received DAT with 99.7% of P2Y12 antagonist prescriptions being clopidogrel. In the first and second years following the index MI, 78% and 74% of patients received aspirin, only 20% and 10% received DAT, with 97% and 96% of P2Y12 antagonist prescriptions being clopidogrel, respectively. Conclusions: In a UK general practice setting, patients with acute MI were more likely to have multiple CV risk factors and many had previously experienced an MI. Despite a high risk for recurrent MI in these patients, the prescription of a P2Y12 antagonist (mostly clopidogrel) was unexpectedly low, in contrast to the current ESC recommendations. ER  - 
Limited role of genotyping for the prediction of clopidogrel antiplatelet efficacy in chinese patients with acute coronary syndrome$$$ Objectives Cytochrome P450 (CYP), ATP-binding cassette transporters (ABCB1), and paraoxonase-1 (PON1) play crucial roles in clopidogel absorption and bioactivation. Genotypes in these genes have been associated with the variability of responsiveness to clopidogrel, however their contribution to clopidogrel antiplatelet efficacy in clinical practice is controversy. This study aimed to evaluate the contribution of the genotypes in CYP2C19, ABCB1 and PON1 to clopidogrel antiplatelet efficacy in a cohort of Chinese patients with acute coronary syndrome. Methods A total of 1,329 Chinese-Han patients treated with clopidogrel for acute coronary syndrome (ACS) were consecutively recruited from the Department of Geriatric Cardiology, General Hospital of Chinese People's Liberation Army, from September 2008 to September 2012. We assessed the relations of CYP2C19∗2 (rs4244285), CYP2C19∗3 (rs4986893), CYP2C19∗17 (rs12248560), PON1Q129R (rs662) and ABCB1C3435T (rs1045642) to the platelet aggregation after 5 days maintenance dose of clopidogrel administration, the risk for high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR), as well as the risk for clinical ischaemic events. The cutoff of HPR was defined as 20 μmol/L adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-induced platelet aggregation >50%. The primary ischaemic endpoints were a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, urgent revascularisation, and fatal or nonfatal stroke. The follow-up interval for each case was 12 months. Results Both CYP2C19∗2 and ∗3 alleles were significantly associated with higher platelet aggregation after 5 days maintenance dose of clopidogrel administration (P < 0.001 and P = 0.042, respectively). The platelet aggregation in carriers of at least one CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele (CYP2C19∗2 or ∗3) was obviously higher than that in non-carriers (P < 0.001). The carriers of at least one CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele could also predict significantly greater risk of HPR compared with non-carriers (adjusted HR: 1.79, 95% CI: 1.33-2.4, P = 0.003). Patients with the CYP2C19∗2 allele had a higher risk of HPR than those with the CYP2C19 wild-type genotype (adjusted HR: 1.56; 95% CI, 1.04-2.33, P = 0.03). However, the carriage of CYP2C19∗3 alone could not predict the risk of HPR significantly. During follow-up, carriers of CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles did not have an increased rate of primary or secondary ischaemic endpoints. No significant relation of CYP2C19∗17, PON1Q129R and ABCB1C3435T to the platelet aggregation or ischaemic events could be found. Conclusions In clopidogrel treated Chinese patients with ACS, carriers of at least one CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele could predict greater risk of HPR, with the impact mainly attributing to CYP2C19∗2. However, no relationship was seen between CYP2C19 genotypes and ischaemic outcomes. Neither ABCB1 nor PON1 genotype could influence the antiplatelet efficacy of clopidogrel. ER  - 
Clinical implementation of cardiovascular pharmacogenetics: Where are we?$$$ Over 2000 articles on pharmacogenetics were published in 2012, all aiming at improving individual therapy. Within the cardiovascular field, several markers have been put forward. CYP2C9/VKORC1 variant alleles have been indicated as potential predictors of warfarin therapy since 2008. Together with physical parameters, these markers explained 50% of variation in warfarin dose requirement. Acomparative trial indicated that genotyping would result in 28% less hospitalizations due to bleeding or thromboembolism whereas cost-effectiveness analyses were positive in case genetic tests were available b$200 and available within 24 h. Information on CYP2C9/VKORC1 has been taken up in the drug label of warfarin, together with specific dose recommendations. In 2009, the effectivity of clopidogrel, an antiplatelet drug, was shown to be dependent on CYP2C19 and ABCB1 variant alleles, in which carriership of deficient alleles was correlated with a higher risk on myocardial infarction, stroke or death. These findings have both been confirmed and rejectedin recent meta-analyses, raising confusion on the clinical usefulness. For simvastatin, SLCO1B1 genetic polymorphisms were in 2008 correlated with risk on myopathy, with an odds ratio of 16 for the homozygous variant (NEJM 2008, SEARCH group). This has resulted in dose recommendations in 2012 (CPT 2012, CPIC). Recently, the CYP3A4∗22 allele was correlated with a higher effect of statins in lowering serum cholesterol. With respect to hypertension, a large study in 2011 (Brugts et al.) identified four genetic polymorphisms that were associated with hypertension, and genetic polymorphisms that significantly modified blood pressure reduction by ACE-inhibitor therapy. So many pharmacogenetic markers have been found, but are they used in routine diagnostics?. ER  - 
Oral antithrombotic therapy in atrial fibrillation associated with acute or chronic coronary artery disease$$$ Randomized controlled trials have demonstrated benefits from antithrombotic therapies for coronary artery disease (primary prevention, stable coronary artery disease, acute coronary syndromes, and percutaneous intervention) and for atrial fibrillation. The regimens with the optimal balance of efficacy and safety with coronary artery disease depend on the particular clinical manifestation, with atrial fibrillation on the risk of stroke, and with both conditions on the competing risk of major bleeding with the chosen antithrombotic therapy. The antithrombotic agents include aspirin, P2Y12 receptor inhibitors (clopidogrel, prasugrel, and ticagrelor) and oral anticoagulants (warfarin and the novel oral anticoagulants, dabigatran, rivaroxaban, and apixaban). Atrial fibrillation and coronary artery disease often occur in the same patient and require decisions as to what individual or combination of antithrombotic therapies are necessary to provide optimal protection against coronary events and stroke, and cause as little bleeding as possible. Practice guidelines now recommend oral anticoagulant therapy for most patients with atrial fibrillation and consideration of "triple therapy" (oral anticoagulant and aspirin and clopidogrel) when there is a concomitant acute coronary syndrome or stent placement, though acknowledging the risks of major bleeding. In the absence of definitive trials of combination therapies, such practice guidelines are based on extrapolations from randomized trials and observational data. © 2013 Canadian Cardiovascular Society. ER  - 
Medical management after coronary stent implantation: A review$$$ IMPORTANCE: Percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with stents is currently the most commonly performed coronary revascularization procedure; hence, optimizing post-PCI outcomes is important for all physicians treating such patients. OBJECTIVE: To review the contemporary literature on optimal medical therapy after PCI. EVIDENCE REVIEW: We performed a comprehensive search of the PubMed and Cochrane Library databases for manuscripts on medical therapy after PCI, published between 2000 and February 2013. Bibliographies of the retrieved studies were searched by hand for other relevant studies. Priority was given to data from large randomized controlled trials, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses. Of the 6852 publications retrieved, 91 were included. FINDINGS: Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor (eg, ticlopidine, clopidogrel, prasugrel, ticagrelor) reduces the risk of stent thrombosis and subsequent cardiovascular events post-PCI (number needed to treat, 33-53) and is the current standard of care. Aspirin should be continued indefinitely and low dose (75-100 mg daily) is preferred over higher doses. A P2Y12 inhibitor should be administered for 12 months after PCI, unless the patient is at high risk for bleeding; however, ongoing studies are assessing the value of shorter or longer duration of P2Y12 inhibitor administration. In patients with acute coronary syndromes, prasugrel and ticagrelor further reduce cardiovascular ischemic events compared with clopidogrel but are associated with higher bleeding risk. If possible, noncardiac surgery should be delayed until 12 months after coronary stenting. Patients receiving coronary stents who require warfarin are at high risk for bleeding if they also receive dual antiplatelet therapy. Omission of aspirin may be advantageous in such patients. Routine platelet function or genetic testing is currently not recommended to tailor antiplatelet therapy after PCI. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Dual antiplatelet therapy remains the cornerstone of medical therapy after PCI. Continuous advances in pharmacotherapy can further enhance our capacity to improve outcomes in this high-risk patient group. ER  - 
Comparison of a New P2Y12 Receptor Specific Platelet Aggregation Test with Other Laboratory Methods in Stroke Patients on Clopidogrel Monotherapy$$$ Background:Clinical studies suggest that 10-50% of patients are resistant to clopidogrel therapy. ADP induced platelet aggregation, a widely used test to monitor clopidogrel therapy, is affected by aspirin and is not specific for the P2Y12 receptor inhibited by clopidogrel.Objectives:To develop a P2Y12-specific platelet aggregation test and to compare it with other methods used for monitoring clopidogrel therapy.Patients/Methods:Study population included 111 patients with the history of ischemic stroke being on clopidogrel monotherapy and 140 controls. The effect of clopidogrel was tested by a newly developed ADP(PGE1) aggregation test in which prostaglandin E1 treated platelets are used. Results of conventional ADP induced platelet aggregation, VerifyNow P2Y12 assay and ADP(PGE1) aggregation were compared to those obtained by flow cytometric analysis of vasodilator stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) phosphorylation. Reference intervals for all assays were determined according to the guidelines of Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute.Results:The P2Y12-specificity of ADP(PGE1) test was proven by comparing it with ADP aggregation in the presence of P2Y1 antagonist, adenosine 3', 5'-diphosphate. The method was not influenced by aspirin treatment. Approximately 50% of patients were clopidogrel resistant by conventional ADP aggregation and VerifyNow tests. The ADP(PGE1) method and the VASP phosphorylation assay identified 25.9% and 11.7% of patients as non-responders, respectively. ADP(PGE1) aggregation showed good correlation with VASP phosphorylation and had high diagnostic efficiency. Conclusion:The new ADP(PGE1) method is a reliable test for monitoring P2Y12 receptor inhibition by platelet aggregation. As a subset of patients are non-responders, monitoring clopidogrel therapy by adequate methods is essential. © 2013 Bagoly et al. ER  - 
Pharmacogenomics of anti-platelet and anti-coagulation therapy$$$ Arterial thrombosis is a major component of vascular disease, especially myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke. Current anti-thrombotic therapies such as warfarin and clopidogrel are effective in inhibiting cardiovascular events; however, there is great inter-individual variability in response to these medications. In recent years, it has been recognized that genetic factors play a significant role in drug response, and, subsequently, common variants in genes responsible for metabolism and drug action have been identified. These discoveries along with new diagnostic targets and therapeutic strategies hold promise for more effective individualized anti-coagulation and anti-platelet therapy. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York. ER  - 
Antiplatelet therapy: Update in secondary stroke prevention$$$ Antiplatelet therapy is indicated in patients with non-cardioembolic stroke. The clinically used antiplatelet agents for secondary stroke prevention in this group of patients include the cyclooxygenase-1 (COX-1) inhibitor aspirin, the ADP receptor (P2Y12) inhibitors clopidogrel and ticlopidine, and the phosphodiesterase (PDE) inhibitors cilostazol and dipyridamole. Per medical economic data, aspirin is the most widely used antiplatelet agent. However, its use affords modest reduction in the risk of stroke recurrence and increases the risk of hemorrhagic stroke. The CSPS2 showed that the incidence of stroke recurrence was lower in patients receiving cilostazol than in those receiving aspirin. Furthermore, it showed that the incidence of intra- or extracranial hemorrhage requiring hospitalization in cilostazol-treated patients was approximately half of that in aspirin-treated patients. The study also showed that the incidence of hemorrhagic stroke was significantly lower in patients receiving cilostazol than in those receiving aspirin. Meta-analysis of the CARESS and CLAIR studies showed a significant reduction of microembolic signals (MES) on transcranial Doppler (TCD) monitoring by dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin and clopidogrel than treatment with aspirin alone in patients who experienced a transient ischemic attack (TIA) or stroke with extra- or intracranial artery stenosis and MES positivity. The CHANCE study conducted in China showed a lower incidence of ischemic stroke in DAPT-treated patients than in those treated with aspirin monotherapy, while the incidence of hemorrhagic stroke was similar between the 2 treatment groups. However, DAPT should be restricted in the acute phase of stroke or TIA in acute settings. Novel antiplatelet agents have been developed for stroke prevention, and large randomized clinical trials should be conducted to evaluate the efficacy and safety of these agents when used singularly or in combination. ER  - 
The impact of gene polymorphism and high on-treatment platelet reactivity on clinical follow-up: Outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndrome after drug-eluting stent implantation$$$ Aims: The current study sought to evaluate the clinical impact of newly reported genetic variations and their association with clopidogrel high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients after drug-eluting stent (DES) implantation. Methods and results: The study enrolled 1,016 consecutive patients with ACS undergoing DES implantation. A total of 19 tag single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were selected from CYP3A4/5, CYP2C19, P2Y12 and ABCB1 genes. ADP-induced light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) was performed to test the post-procedure maximum platelet agglutination (MPA). The primary endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI), stent thrombosis, and ischaemic stroke at one-year follow-up after DES placement. The secondary endpoint was the incidence of bleeding events. The post-procedure MPA was calculated and the cut-off point was determined for the HTPR. Using multivariate logistic regression analysis, the carriage of two CYP2C19 LOF alleles was an independent predictor of the post-procedure HTPR (OR: 2.8, 95% CI: 1.70-7.23, p<0.001). Through multivariate Cox regression analysis, the carriage of two CYP2C19 LOF alleles and the post-procedure HTPR were independent predictors of the primary endpoint (HR: 2.3, 95% CI: 1.40-4.97, p<0.001; HR: 2.9, 95% CI: 1.52-5.57, p<0.001, respectively). However, post-procedure MPA did not predict a bleeding event (HR: 0.9, 95% CI: 0.44-1.59, p=0.532). Conclusions: In patients with ACS, the CYP2C19 LOF allele was associated with post-procedure HTPR and a subsequently increased risk of adverse clinical events at one-year follow-up following DES implantation and clopidogrel administration. © Europa Digital and Publishing 2013. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Lack of association between clopidogrel responsiveness tested using point-of-care assay and prognosis of patients with coronary artery disease$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy is important treatment modality across the spectrum of coronary artery disease manifestations. However, a significant number of patients do not have a completely effective response to clopidogrel. This study assessed the impact of response after clopidogrel with Verify Now device on prognosis on patients undergoing coronary interventions. Consecutive patients following percutaneous coronary intervention were prospectively enrolled. A loading dose of 600 mg of clopidogrel was administered before or during PCI. Blood samples were drawn within 24 h after clopidogrel administration. The effect of clopidogrel was measured using VerifyNow. All patients were evaluated at 6 months. The primary end-point was the combination of death, MI and stroke. 378 patients (69.3 % men and 30.7 % women) were enrolled. The mean age was 67.2 ± 12.8 years, BMI 28.9 ± 17.7, and 116 patients had diabetes (30.7 %). During the 6-months follow-up 30 patients (7.94 %) experienced a monitored end-point: 12 patients (3.17 %) had MI; five patients (1.32 %) strokes and 15 patients (3.97 %) died. The remaining 248 patients (71.26 %) were end-point free. Factors associated with a poor prognosis were: leukocytes (OR 1.7 [1.2-2.4], p < 0.01), creatinine (OR 1.4 [1.1-2.5], p < 0.05) and at a borderline level the presence of AA allele of gene CYP2C19*2 (OR 2.5 [0.99-4.1], p = 0.052). The results using VerifyNow were similar between both groups (Group End-point: 208.5 ± 85.5, group No end-point 203.1 ± 91.3) and failed to show any prognostic value (OR 1.00 [0.992-1.007], p = 0.9). The measurement of clopidogrel efficacy using VerifyNow had no prognostic value for our unselected cohort of patients after PCI. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media New York. ER  - 
Management of cardiovascular disease in haemophilia$$$ Improvements in the management of haemophilia have led to a significant increase in the life expectancy of haemophilia patients, which is now close to the life expectancy in the general male population. Therefore, age-related conditions, especially cardiovascular disease (CVD), have become increasingly common in these patients. The management of CVD, especially that of coronary artery disease (CAD), acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and atrial fibrillation (AF), is particularly challenging in patients with haemophilia due to the need to find an adequate balance between bleeding and ischemic risk, requiring close coordination between cardiologists and haemophilia specialists. However, specific recommendations and relevant literature and data are scarce. Therefore, we propose pragmatic and practical therapeutic suggestions, based on the available literature and our own experience, for the management of ACS, stable angina and AF in patients with haemophilia. Overall, evidence and experience suggest that they should be treated much in the same way as the general CVD population, following standard guidelines, while choosing available treatment options known to be associated with low rates of bleeding complications. Treatments advocated for patient with haemophilia include antiplatelet therapy (aspirin and P2Y12 inhibitors), antithrombin therapy such as heparin or bivalirudin, glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors (GPIIb/IIIa inhibitors), transradial cardiac catheterization, and use of bare metal (BMS) or drug-eluting stents (DES). Antithrombotic agents with shorter half-lives that are reversible or have an antidote offer a safer choice in this setting. In addition, optimal clotting factor replacement therapy should be tailored to the increased risk of bleeding associated with invasive procedures and antithrombotic therapies, particularly during the acute phase of ACS. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Antiplatelet drug resistance in asian population$$$ Clopidogrel is the commonly used P2 Y12 receptor antagonist used in the treatment of ishemic heart disease and stroke. Poor metabolizers treated with clopidogrel exhibit higher cardiovascular event rates. Asian population has been found to show higher resistance to clopidrogrel. Present study was undertaken to find the prevalence of clopidogrel resistance in patients undergoing coronary angioplasty. 100 consecutive patients who underwent coronary angioplasty for acute coronary syndrome were selected for the study. All patients had 300 mg Aspirin and 600 mg for clopidogrel as loading dose. 150 mg aspirin and 75 mg twice daily of clopidogrel were given as the maintenance dose. Verify Now point of care platelet function study were done 5 days after starting of clopidogrel. Aspirin resistance was defined as more 550 aspirin resistance units and Clopidogrel resistance is defined more than 213 platelets resistance units. 79 % were male subjects 21% were women. 43 % were diabetics. 25% patients were aspirin resistant and 36% were resistant to clopidogrel. 7% showed dual antiplatelet resistance. Clopidogrel resistance was more common in female (P value <0.023). Clopidogrel resistance was significantly more common than aspirin resistance in diabetic subjects. Conclusion: Aspirin and clopidogrel resistance are common in Asian population. This should be taken into account in selecting antiplatelet drugs in patients following acute myocardial infarction irrespective of the management strategy. It is surprising that correlation between aspirin / clopidogrel resistance, genetic polymorphism, and clinical data do not correlate to explain the long term benefits of drug therapy. ER  - 
How to test the effect of aspirin and clopidogrel in patients on dual antiplatelet therapy?$$$ Background: Dual antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel and aspirin is currently the standard therapy in high-risk patients for the prevention of recurrent ischemic events. Monitoring antiplatelet therapy is an important issue in this patient group. However, some frequently used laboratory tests are clearly affected by both antiplatelet agents what makes interpretation of the results ambiguous. Aims: To determine which laboratory tests, used for the detection of clopidogrel, are affected by aspirin and which laboratory tests, used for the detection of aspirin are influenced by clopidogrel. Patients and Methods: Study population included 111 patients with the history of ischemic stroke being on clopidogrel monotherapy for at least 1 month. Among these patients, 62 showed good response to the drug as demonstrated by flow cytometric analysis of vasodilator stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) phosphorylation and a newly developed P2Y12 receptor specific aggregation method in which ADP-induced aggregation is performed on prostaglandin E1 treated platelets (ADP [PGE1]). Laboratory tests routinely used for the detection of aspirin effect (ADP-, collagen-, epinephrine-, and arachidonic acid (AA) induced platelet aggregation and secretion, PFA-100 assay with collagen/ epinephrine cartridge, VerifyNow ASA test and AA-induced thromboxane B2 (TXB2) production in platelet rich plasma) were carried out on samples obtained from these patients. The other arm of the study involved 52 patients with coronary artery disease being on aspirin monotherapy for at least 1 month. These patients showed good response to aspirin as demonstrated by the AA-induced platelet aggregation and TXB2 production. Methods used for testing the effect clopidogrel (ADP induced platelet aggregation and secretion, flow cytometric analysis of vasodilator stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) phosphorylation and ADP[PGE1] aggregation) were performed on samples obtained from these patients. Besides, all tests were carried out on samples from 140 healthy volunteers. For each method, diagnostic cut-offs were determined according to the guidelines of Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute. All patients and controls gave informed consent and the study was approved by the Regional Ethics Committee. Results: Of the methods used for detecting the effect of aspirin resistance, clopidogrel monotherapy significantly inhibited all aggregation and secretion tests including tests using AA as agonist. AA-induced TXB2 production was also decreased (P < 0.0001). VASP phosphorylation and arachidonic acid induced platelet aggregation showed a surprisingly fair correlation in patients taking clopidogrel only (Spearman r = 0.49, 95% CI 0.23-0.67, P < 0.001). Clopidogrel therapy did not inhibit the VerifyNow ASA test. Of the methods used for testing clopidogrel resistance, aspirin monotherapy influenced ADP induced platelet aggregation and secretion (P < 0.0001), but did not have an effect on VASP phosphorylation and on the P2Y12 specific platelet aggregation test. Conclusions: Interestingly, AA-induced platelet aggregation and TXB2 production are influenced by clopidogrel therapy and they are not recommended for testing the effect of aspirin in patients on dual therapy. For clopidogrel testing in patients on combined therapy the VASP phosphorylation test or the P2Y12 specific ADP[PGE1] aggregation test could be recommended. As ADP-induced platelet aggregation is affected by both antiplatelet agents, it should not be used to test the effect of either clopidogrel or aspirin in patients on dual therapy. ER  - 
Ticagrelor and endothelial dysfunction: Plateletindependent effects$$$ Background: Platelets play a crucial role in the pathogenesis of acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and in line with this, anti-platelet therapy is a key area of research in primary and secondary prevention of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE). P2Y12 receptor inhibitors, such as clopidogrel, prasugrel and ticagrelor prevent ADP-induced platelet aggregation; different P2Y12 receptor blockers have shown different spectra of beneficial effects on mortality due to myocardial infarction (MI), stroke and bleeding. Since P2Y12 receptors are not only expressed in platelets but also in vascular smooth muscle cells, neurons and other cells, the reported data may also be the result of effects on other cells than platelets. Aims: To investigate platelet-independent effects of P2Y12 receptor inhibitors with a special focus on endothelial dysfunction, an early mediator of cardio- and cerebrovascular disease. Methods: Experiments were performed on human primary endothelial cells of aortic, cerebral and cardiac origin. To investigate the effect of ticagrelor on the production of free radicals, endothelial cells incubated with vehicle or tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha, 10 ng/ mL) were treated with increasing concentrations of ticagrelor (10 ± 7 M, 10 ± 6 M and 10 ± 5 M). ROS production was measured by electron spin resonance (ESR) and expressed as 0-2-/min/105 cells. Additionally, activation of endothelial nitric oxide (eNOS) as well as cell toxicity were assessed by western blotting and LDH assay, respectively. Finally, to confirm the expression of P2Y12 receptors at the protein and mRNA level, western blot analysis and qrt-PCR were performed. Data is expressed as mean ® SEM. Results: Ticagrelor reduced TNFalpha-induced ROS production in human aortic endothelial cells (TNFalpha, 7.043 ± 1.632, 0-2-/min/ 105 cells; TNFalpha + ticagrelor 10 ± 7 M, 2.647 ± 1.048, 0-2-/ min/105 cells; TNFalpha + ticagrelor 10 ± 6 M, 4.053 ± 1.662, 0-2-/min/105 cells, TNFalpha + ticagrelor 10 ± 5 M, 5.233 ± 1.716, 0-2-/min/105 cells). Additionally, ticagrelor augmented activation of eNOS at Serine 1177 and increased cell survival. Interestingly, P2Y12 receptor expression could not be detected neither at the protein nor at the mRNA level in either human aortic, cardiac or cerebral endothelial cells. Conclusion: Ticagrelor treatment in human aortic endothelial cells 1 reduces generation of ROS in response to TNFalpha 2 increases eNOS activation and 3 reduces cell death Lack of expression of P2Y12 receptor in endothelial cells not only confirms platelet-independent effects but also supports the concept of P2Y12 receptor-independent effects by ticagrelor. ER  - 
Combination effects of edoxaban, an oral direct factor Xa inhibitor, and P2Y12 receptor antagonists on ADP plus tissue-factor induced thrombin generation in human platelet-rich plasma$$$ Background: Activated platelets and tissue factor participate in arterial thrombosis by forming platelet aggregates that initiate and propagate blood coagulation. Adenosine diphosphate (ADP) is one of the major agonists for platelet activation. Edoxaban is an oral, once daily, direct, selective and reversible factor Xa (FXa) inhibitor in late-stage clinical development for the prevention of stroke and systemic embolic events in atrial fibrillation and the treatment and prevention of recurrence of venous thromboembolism. Aims: To determine the effects of (a) edoxaban; and (b) the combination of edoxaban and a P2Y12 receptor antagonist (clopidogrel or ticagrelor) on thrombin generation induced by ADP plus tissue factor in human platelet-rich plasma (PRP). Methods: Citrated human PRP from healthy subjects was stimulated with 10 lMADP plus 0.25 pM tissue factor in the absence or presence of edoxaban and/or P2Y12 receptor antagonists. Thrombin generation was measured by means of calibrated automated thrombography with the thrombinoscope software. Lag time, peak, time to peak, endogenous thrombin potential (ETP), and maximum rate parameters were calculated from thrombin generation curves. Results: Combination of ADP (10 lM) and low concentration tissue factor (0.25 pM) induced reproducible and steady thrombin generation in human PRP. Edoxaban (40 and 80 ng/mL), active metabolite of clopidogrel (AM-Clo, 10 and 20 μg/mL), and ticagrelor (3 μg/mL) alone inhibited ADP plus tissue factor-induced thrombin generation. Edoxaban significantly suppressed all five parameters (lag time, peak, time to peak, ETP, and maximum rate) of thrombin generation. AMClo inhibited lag time, peak, time to peak, and maximum rate, but not ETP. Ticagrelor suppressed peak, time to peak, and maximum rate, but not lag time or ETP. Concomitant presence of edoxaban (40 and 80 ng/mL) and AM-Clo (10 and 20 μg/mL) or edoxaban (40 and 80 ng/mL) and ticagrelor (3 μg/mL) produced a significant and additive inhibition of ADP plus tissue factor-induced thrombin generation compared to the single agents. Conclusions: ADP plus tissue factor induces thrombin generation in human PRP. Both edoxaban, a FXa inhibitor, and P2Y12 receptor antagonists (clopidogrel and ticagrelor) inhibit this effect; however only edoxaban had a significant effect on all five thrombin generation parameters and especially ETP. Moreover, significant additive effects were observed with the concomitant presence of edoxaban and a P2Y12 receptor antagonist. The present results suggest that ADP plus tissue factor-induced thrombin generation assay may be a useful biomarker to quantitate and monitor the effects of combination therapy with FXa inhibitors and P2Y12 receptor antagonists. ER  - 
Elevated prevalence and stability over time of high ontreatment platelet reactivity in patients with ischemic cerebrovascular disease$$$ Background: Ischemic stroke and transient ischemic attack (TIA) are a main cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide, and up to 25% of them are recurrent. Aspirin is the most used drug for secondary prevention of acute and long-term treatment of cerebrovascular disease (CVD). However, evidence that many patients have recurrent vascular events while on aspirin, led to alternative therapies such as clopidogrel or, more controversial, aspirin plus clopidogrel combination therapy. High on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR), referred to as limited inhibition of platelet function achieved by an antiplatelet therapy, has recently emerged as a potential risk factor for recurrent vascular events, and whether patients with HTPR phenotype may benefit from intensified antiplatelet treatment is under debate. In the setting of CVD there is scarce information on the prevalence HTPR and on the stability over time of on-treatment platelet reactivity phenotype (HTPR or No-HTPR). Objective: To investigate, by means of different platelet function tests, the frequency and stability of a HTPR phenotype in patients with ischemic stroke/TIA, under treatment with antiplatelet therapy. Patients and Methods: Platelet reactivity was assessed on 18 patients (50%M, 72.4 ± 9.9 years) with ischemic stroke/TIA 1 week (D7) after prescription of clopidogrel (75 mg/day), in monotherapy (39%) or associated to aspirin (61%), and again at day 90th (D90), by means of four methods Light transmission aggregometry (LTA), VASP, Verify Now® P2Y12, and INNOVANCE® PFA P2Y. HTPR was defined as: LTA-ADP 5 lM >46%, LTA-ADP 10 lM >70%; PFA-100-P2Y closure time <106s; VerifyNow P2Y12, PRU >235, VASP, PRI >50%. Results: All tests detected a marked inhibition of platelet reactivity towards ADP in these CVD patients, as a result of clopidogrel therapy, that was similar at D7 and D90. Correlations between results of platelet reactivity with either test at D7 and D90, and between measures on either day with the different assays were low-to-moderate. The prevalence of HTPR in these CVD patients was highly assay dependent: with 5 μM LTA-ADP, 50% both on D7 and D90; 10 μM LTA-ADP, 5.5% at D7 and 16.6% at D90; PFA-100-P2Y, 38.9% at D7 and 55.5% at D90; Verify Now P2Y12 55.5% at D7 and 61.1% at D90; VASP, 44.4% at D7 and 27.7% at D90. There was, at best, only moderate agreement (k statistic <0.5) between these tests in categorizing patients with or without HTPR both at D7 and D90. Interestingly, our study also showed that 55-90%, depending on the platelet method/criteria used, maintained their platelet reactivity phenotype, HTPR or no-HTPR, over time. Conclusions: A high prevalence of HTPR is observed in CVD patients, although the value is highly influenced by the method used to assess platelet function and the HTPR definition. Different methods correlate and agree poor-to-moderately between each other. The new PFA- 100 P2Y point-of-care system is equivalent to other assays in evaluating HTPR on CVD patients. In most CVD patients the platelet reactivity phenotype perceived soon after prescription of clopidogrel seems to remain stable over time. As the clinical meaning of HTPR is uncertain, our data do not apply to individualizing therapy in CVD. ER  - 
Frequencies of CYP2C19 in mexican-mestizo patients with coronary or cerebral atherosclerosis, and their association with high on-treatment platelet reactivity to adenosine diphosphate$$$ Background: There exists a wide variability of individual response to clopidogrel, dependent on CYP2C19 polymorphisms as well as intrinsic and extrinsic platelet factors. Clopidogrel resistance has been related to an adverse evolution in patients with coronary artery disease. Aims: Obtain the prevalence of CYP2C19 polymorphisms in Mexican mestizos patients and its relationship with clopidogrel platelet response. Methods: One hundred and sixty cardiovascular patients and 11 stroke patients were analyzed for CYP2C19 alleles ∗1, ∗2, ∗3 and ∗17, that were determined by allelic discrimination assay with Taqman probes (Applied Biosystems) and TaqMan GT Master Mix (Applied Biosystems) in a 7900HT Fast Real-Time PCR System thermal cycler (Applied Biosystems). Of them, 83 were tested for clopidogrel resistance by 10 microM ADP-induced platelet aggregation according to North American Consensus Guidelines for medical laboratories; highon- treatment residual platelet reactivity bas when maximal platelet aggregation > 60%. CYP2C19 polymorphism was expressed as ultrarapid-, normal-, rapid-, normal/intermediate, intermediate and poor metabolizers. Results: Allelic frequencies were 9.6%, 0% and 11.7% for CYP2C9∗2, ∗3 and ∗17 respectively. Genotypes were expressed as normal (CYP2C19 ∗1/∗1), intermediate (CYP2C19 ∗1/∗2), normal/intermediate (CYP2C19 ∗2/∗17), rapid (CYP2C19 ∗1/∗17), ultrarapid (CYP2C19 ∗17/∗17) or poor metabolizer (CYP2C19 ∗2/∗2). Frequencies of CYP2C19 genotypes were: CYP2C19∗1/∗1: 62.6%; CYP2C19∗1/∗17: 19.9%; CYP2C19∗1/∗2: 12.3%; CYP2C19∗2/∗17: 2.3%; CYP2C19∗2/∗2: 2.3% and CYP2C19∗17/∗17: 0.6%. Of 83 patients with platelet aggregation, 54.2% were responsive and 45.8% were resistant to clopidogrel. Genotypes in clopidogrel resistant patients were: 46.8% for CYP2C19∗1/∗1, 18.8% for CYP2C19∗1/∗17, 66.6% for CYP2C19∗1/∗2, 0% for CYP2C19∗17/∗17, 66.6% for CYP2C19∗2/∗17 and 75% for CYP2C19∗2/∗2. In addition, patients were divided into two groups: Group A (n = 64; 77.1%): normal, rapid and ultrarapid metabolizers, and Group B (n = 19; 22.9%): intermediate, normal/intermediate and poor metabolizers. Responsiveness vs. resistance to clopidogrel was 60.9% vs. 39.1% and 31.6% vs. 68.4% respectively. Clopidogrel resistance was more associated with unfavorable genotypes for metabolism (CYP2C19 ∗1/∗2, ∗2/∗17 and ∗2/∗2) than with favorable genotypes (CYP2C19 ∗1/∗1, ∗1/∗17 and ∗17/∗17), OR = 3.38 (CI 95%: 1.13-10.05). Maximal platelet aggregation in each genotype group, expressed in median and quartiles (p25- p75) was: CYP2C19∗1/∗1: 56.5% (27.3-72.1%); CYP2C19∗1/∗17: 49.1% (44.2-58.4%): CYP2C19∗17/∗17: 38.0%; CYP2C19∗1/∗2: 62.9% (52.8-74.9%); CYP2C19∗2/∗2: 83.4% (64.1-90.2%); CYP2C19∗2/∗17: 73.2% (43.1-84.9%). Conclusion: Prevalence of CYP2C19 in Mexican mestizos patients is similar to other populations. Clopidogrel resistance is a complex in vitro phenomenon that is not explained by CYP2C19 polymorphisms alone, like inflammation mediators or acute phase proteins that were not studied in these patients. ER  - 
Platelet responsiveness to clopidogrel treatment after peripheral endovascular procedures: The PRECLOP study: Clinical impact and optimal cutoff value of on-treatment high platelet reactivity$$$ Objectives This study aimed to assess the clinical implications and optimal cutoff value of high platelet reactivity (HPR) in patients receiving clopidogrel for peripheral endovascular procedures. Background As noted in coronary studies, HPR could be related to increased adverse events. Methods This prospective trial included patients receiving clopidogrel 75 mg daily, before and after infrainguinal angioplasty or stenting. Platelet inhibition was assessed with the VerifyNow P2Y12 point-of-care test. Primary endpoints were 1-year clinical events rate (composite endpoint of death, major stroke, major amputation, target vessel revascularization, and bypass) according to the P2Y12 reaction units (PRU)-based quartile distribution, the estimation of the optimal PRU cutoff value for predicting clinical outcome, and the identification of independent predictors influencing event-free survival. Results In total, 100 consecutive patients were enrolled. The 1-year cumulative events rate was 4% in the first quartile, 12% in the second, 52% in the third, and 84% in the fourth. Pairwise comparisons demonstrated a significant difference in the composite endpoint between successive quartiles (all p < 0.05 except for the first vs. second quartile). According to receiver-operating characteristic curve analysis, the optimal cutoff value for the composite endpoint was PRU ≥234 (area under the curve: 0.883; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.811 to 0.954; p < 0.0001; sensitivity: 92.1%; specificity: 84.2%). Cox multivariate regression analysis identified HPR (PRU ≥234) as the only independent predictor of an increased number of adverse events (hazard ratio: 16.9; 95% CI: 5 to 55; p < 0.0001). Conclusions On-treatment HPR is associated with markedly increased adverse clinical events in patients undergoing peripheral endovascular procedures. Point-of-care clopidogrel assessment might be useful in individualizing antiplatelet therapy to attain superior clinical results. (High On-Treatment Platelet Reactivity Following Peripheral Endovascular Procedures [PRECLOP]; NCT01744613). © 2013 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation. Published by Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
The hidden costs of anticoagulation in hospitalized patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation$$$ Introduction: Non-valvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF) and ischemic stroke are collectively associated with annual hospital costs of tens of billions of dollars in the USA. Oral anticoagulant (OAC) treatment with warfarin reduces the risk of stroke in patients with NVAF. Unfortunately, because of the complexity of warfarin therapy and potential for adverse events (AEs), many patients who might benefit go untreated or receive suboptimal therapy, increasing their stroke and/or bleeding risk. Areas covered: This review explores current hospital costs and resource utilization for NVAF patients on warfarin therapy and the potential impact of newer OACs in this area. Expert opinion: Many ischemic strokes could be prevented through wider use of OACs. Further, admissions due to anticoagulant-associated AEs could be reduced by optimizing OAC therapy. In the hospital, specialized anticoagulation services can decrease costs by improving the effectiveness of warfarin management, empowering patients through education and optimizing care transitions. With fewer interactions and no dose titration or monitoring required, the novel OACs (NOACs) have the potential to further decrease inpatient resource utilization and costs. It is important that, as data become available, inpatient costs are included in cost-benefit comparisons between warfarin and the NOACs. © 2013 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Expanding role of pharmacogenomics in the management of cardiovascular disorders$$$ Cardiovascular disease is a leading cause of death worldwide. Many pharmacologic therapies are available that aim to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease but there is significant inter-individual variation in drug response, including both efficacy and toxicity. Pharmacogenetics aims to personalize medication choice and dosage to ensure that maximum clinical benefit is achieved whilst side effects are minimized. Over the past decade, our knowledge of pharmacogenetics in cardiovascular therapies has increased significantly. The anticoagulant warfarin represents the most advanced application of pharmacogenetics in cardiovascular medicine. Prospective randomized clinical trials are currently underway utilizing dosing algorithms that incorporate genetic polymorphisms in cytochrome P450 (CYP)2C9 and vitamin k epoxide reductase (VKORC1) to determine warfarin dosages. Polymorphisms in CYP2C9 and VKORC1 account for approximately 40 % of the variance in warfarin dose. There is currently significant controversy with regards to pharmacogenetic testing in anti-platelet therapy. Inhibition of platelet aggregation by aspirin in vitro has been associated with polymorphisms in the cyclo-oxygenase (COX)-1 gene. However, COX-1 polymorphisms did not affect clinical outcomes in patients prescribed aspirin therapy. Similarly, CYP2C19 polymorphisms have been associated with clopidogrel resistance in vitro, and have shown an association with stent thrombosis, but not with other cardiovascular outcomes in a consistent manner. Response to statins has been associated with polymorphisms in the cholesterol ester transfer protein (CETP), apolipoprotein E (APOE), 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, calmin (CLMN) and apolipoprotein-CI (APOC1) genes. Although these genes contribute to the variation in lipid levels during statin therapy, their effects on cardiovascular outcomes requires further investigation. Polymorphisms in the solute carrier organic anion transporter 1B1 (SLCO1B1) gene is associated with increased statin exposure and simvastatin-induced myopathy. Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors and β-adrenoceptor antagonists (β-blockers) are medications that are important in the management of hypertension and heart failure. Insertion and deletion polymorphisms in the ACE gene are associated with elevated and reduced serum levels of ACE, respectively. No significant association was reported between the polymorphism and blood pressure reduction in patients treated with perindopril. However, a pharmacogenetic score incorporating single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the bradykinin type 1 receptor gene and angiotensin-II type I receptor gene predicted those most likely to benefit and suffer harm from perindopril therapy. Pharmacogenetic studies into β-blocker therapy have focused on variations in the β1-adrenoceptor gene and CYP2D6, but results have been inconsistent. Pharmacogenetic testing for ACE inhibitor and β-blocker therapy is not currently used in clinical practice. Despite extensive research, no pharmacogenetic tests are currently in clinical practice for cardiovascular medicines. Much of the research remains in the discovery phase, with researchers struggling to demonstrate clinical utility and validity. This is a problem seen in many areas of therapeutics and is because of many factors, including poor study design, inadequate sample sizes, lack of replication, and heterogeneity amongst patient populations and phenotypes. In order to progress pharmacogenetics in cardiovascular therapies, researchers need to utilize next-generation sequencing technologies, develop clear phenotype definitions and engage in multi-center collaborations, not only to obtain larger sample sizes but to replicate associations and confirm results across different ethnic groups. © 2013 Springer International Publishing Switzerland. ER  - 
High versus standard clopidogrel loading in patients undergoing carotid artery stenting prior to cardiac surgery to assess the number of microemboli detected with transcranial Doppler: Results of the randomized IMPACT trial$$$ Aim. The aim of this study was to compare the effects of 300 mg or 600 mg clopidogrel loading dose, prior to carotid artery stenting (CAS) on the number of transcranial Doppler (TCD)-detected microembolic signals (MES) and to investigate the relationship between the magnitude of platelet reactivity and MES. Methods. In this prospective randomized, double-blind study, 35 consecutive asymptomatic patients (17.1% females), scheduled for CAS and cardiac surgery were included. The primary endpoint was the number of TCD-detected MES. The secondary endpoints were the absolute magnitude of on-treatment platelet reactivity and the adverse cerebral events. Negative binomial regression to find predictors for sum of single emboli, the student's t-test to assess the association between platelet function tests and randomized dose of 300 mg or 600 mg clopidogrel, and the R2 calculation for the assessment of the association between platelet function tests and embolic load, were used. Results. No statistically significant difference in the number of TCD-detected MES, in the sum of all the single emboli or showers and platelet aggregation measurements between the two groups was observed (aggregometry: 21.7±18.3 versus 23+18%, P=0.8499 and 45.8±17.5 versus 46.5±14.5%, P=0.9003) (verifyNow P2Y12 assay: 231±293 PRU versus 222±86 PRU, P=0.7704). In one patient a transient ischemic attack occurred. Conclusion. A loading dose of 300 mg of clopidogrel in combination with aspirin is as effective as 600 mg of clopidogrel in achieving adequate platelet inhibition and preventing periprocedural events in asymptomatic patients undergoing CAS prior to cardiac surgery. ER  - 
CYP2C19 polymorphisms and antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel in acute ischemic stroke in China$$$ Background and Purpose-Little research regarding genotypes and clopidogrel response related to acute ischemic stroke has been published. This study was conducted to investigate whether the polymorphisms of receptors or enzymes involved in the metabolic process of clopidogrel affect clopidogrel response and prognosis related to acute stroke. Methods-A total of 259 patients with acute ischemic stroke were enrolled in this study; all received follow-up evaluations 3 and 6 months after clopidogrel treatment. CYP2C19, CYP3A4, and P2Y12 were screened. The adenosine diphosphateinduced platelet aggregation test, the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS), and the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) were used, and blood vascular events were evaluated. Results-The difference before and after clopidogrel treatment on adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet aggregation was significantly smaller in patients carrying 1 or 2 CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles (*2,*3) compared with patients carrying none. Patients with none had better outcomes than patients with CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles, as demonstrated by NIHSS and mRS scores at 3 and 6 months after treatment. Regression analysis showed that CYP2C19 was an independent predictor of clopidogrel resistance. Conclusions-CYP2C19 genotypes had significant impact on clopidogrel response and prognosis of patients with stroke. © 2013 American Heart Association, Inc. ER  - 
New oral anticoagulants in non-valvular atrial fibrillation$$$ Atrial fibrillation (AF) is associated with an increased risk of embolic stroke. Dose-adjusted vitamin K antagonists (VKAs) to a target international normalized ratio (INR) range of 2.0-3.0 reduce the risk of ischemic stroke and are currently recommended in all patients with AF at moderate-high risk for stroke or systemic embolism. However, VKAs have several drawbacks, including unpredictable anticoagulant response, food and drug interactions, need for regular laboratory monitoring and dose adjustment. These limitations prompted the introduction of new oral anticoagulants (NOA) that target thrombin and factor Xa, key-enzymes in the coagulation pathway. NOA have predictable pharmacodynamics, allowing fixed dosing without the need of laboratory monitoring, and have few drug and food interactions. The present review focuses on pharmacological properties, safety, and appropriate clinical use of dabigatran, rivaroxaban and apixaban. © 2013 Springer International Publishing Switzerland. ER  - 
Antiplatelet therapy: New pharmacological agents and changing paradigms$$$ Recurrent atherothrombotic events in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and/or those undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) are essentially platelet-driven processes, underscoring the need for effective pharmacological platelet inhibition. Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel has been, for over a decade, the mainstay of antiplatelet management in ACS/PCI. However, atherothrombotic events continue to occur in a relevant proportion of subjects despite the benefit of this combination, which has led to the clinical development of newer and more potent antiplatelet drugs. Two of these, prasugrel and ticagrelor, have been recently approved for clinical use. The scope of this manuscript is to provide an up-to-date overview on new antiplatelet drugs in the setting of ACS and PCI, including the most recent advances on newly approved agents as well as on emerging compounds in clinical development. © 2013 International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis. ER  - 
Dual antiplatelet therapy with prasugrel or ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in interventional cardiology$$$ For several years, clopidogrel plus aspirin has been the dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) of choice for patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with stent implantation. More recently, prasugrel and ticagrelor have demonstrated greater efficacy than clopidogrel. In TRITON-TIMI 38, the risk of TIMI major bleeding unrelated to coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery was similar for prasugrel and clopidogrel after excluding subgroups with increased bleeding risk (previous stroke or transient ischemic event; age ≥75 years; weight <60 kg). In the PLATO trial, rates of TIMI major bleeding were similar for ticagrelor and clopidogrel, but ticagrelor was associated with a significantly higher rate of non-CABG-related TIMI major bleeding. Current evidence suggests that prasugrel or ticagrelor plus aspirin should be the DAPT of choice in patients with ACS undergoing PCI unless they are at particularly high risk of bleeding. No studies have yet compared prasugrel and ticagrelor in ACS patients, however prasugrel and ticagrelor have different side effect profiles, and the choice of agent should be made either as a default choice and/or on an individual patient basis. Ongoing trials in ACS patients will increase the evidence base for new P2Y12 receptor inhibitors and help to establish the most effective DAPT regimens © Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013. ER  - 
Novel anti-platelet agents: Focus on thrombin receptor antagonists$$$ Platelets are the key in the pathogenesis of atherothrombotic disease such as acute coronary syndromes, stroke, and peripheral arterial disease. Current anti-platelet treatments are mainly based on inhibition of two important pathways of platelet activation: thromboxane A2 (TXA2) mediated (aspirin) and adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-P2Y12 receptor mediated (clopidogrel, prasugrel, and ticagrelor). Despite the dual anti-platelet therapy with aspirin and P2Y12 inhibitors have reduced ischemic events in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS), the rate of recurrent ischemic complication after ACS remains high. Combination of multiple anti-platelet agents is also associated with increased risk of bleeding. Thrombin is a potent platelet agonist and the increase of its activity has been reported in patients with ACS. Platelet effects of thrombin are mediated by protease-activated receptors (PAR), and PAR-1 is the most important receptor in human platelets. Two PAR-1 antagonists, vorapaxar and atopaxar, have undergone clinical investigation. In this review, we will describe the pharmacology of PAR-1 antagonists and will review and discuss results of randomized clinical trials with PAR-1 antagonists. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York. ER  - 
Personalized cardiovascular medicine: Concepts and methodological considerations$$$ The primary goals of personalized medicine are to optimize diagnostic and treatment strategies by tailoring them to the specific characteristics of an individual patient. In this Review, we summarize basic concepts and methods of personalizing cardiovascular medicine. In-depth characterization of study participants and patients in general practice using standardized methods is a pivotal component of study design in personalized medicine. Standardization and quality assurance of clinical data are similarly important, but in daily practice imprecise definitions of clinical variables can reduce power and introduce bias, which limits the validity of the data obtained as well as their potential clinical applicability. Changes in statistical methods with personalized medicine include a shift from dichotomous outcomes towards continuously measured variables, predictive modelling, and individualized medical decisions, subgroup analyses, and data-mining strategies. A variety of approaches to personalized medicine exist in cardiovascular research and clinical practice that might have the potential to individualize diagnostic and therapeutic procedures. For some of the emerging methods, such as data mining, the most-efficient way to use these tools is not yet fully understood. In addition, the predictive models - although promising - are far from mature, and are likely to be greatly improved by using available large-scale data sets. © 2013 Macmillan Publishers Limited. ER  - 
Suboptimal response to clopidogrel: A genetic risk factor for recurrent ischaemic stroke$$$ Anti-platelet agents (APA) are widely used in the secondary prevention of ischaemic stroke but about 30% of patients derive suboptimal platelet inhibition from APA. An underlying cause for suboptimal platelet inhibition is varying response to clopidogrel, which is linked to polymorphisms in the CYP2C19 gene responsible for the metabolism and activation of clopidogrel. CYP2C19 polymorphism influences clinical outcomes in patients with coronary artery disease, particularly among those treated with percutaneous transluminal coronary artery stenting. Randomized controlled trials have shown that high doses of clopidogrel can overcome suboptimal platelet response in carriers of the CYP2C19*2 allele. The United States Food and Drug Administration has issued a boxed warning advising clinicians to consider genotyping patients prior to prescribing clopidogrel. There are ongoing studies investigating the clinical utility of genotyping to inform management decisions in stroke prevention. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Proton pump inhibitors and potential interactions with clopidogrel: An update topical collection on esophagus$$$ Clopidogrel, an antiplatelet agent, is increasingly prescribed for patients with recent stroke, myocardial infarction, acute coronary syndrome, and/or patients post-coronary stent insertion to prevent recurrent cardiovascular events. Since clopidogrel can increase the risk of gastrointestinal hemorrhage, co-administration of proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) has been recommended, particularly in patients at high risk. In 2009, the FDA issued warnings about potential interactions between clopidogrel and PPIs, given the fact that both drugs are metabolized via the cytochrome P450 pathway. Prior studies have demonstrated significant reduction in platelet inhibition when PPI therapy is administered to subjects on clopidogrel therapy. Two meta-analyses were published in 2010 and 2011, the first suggesting association of PPIs with adverse cardiovascular events when observational studies were examined, but noting that the results were limited by the presence of significant heterogeneity. The second meta-analysis did not find a significant increase in the risk of adverse primary events (which included all cause mortality, cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke), and concluded that analysis of the data from two randomized controlled trials yielded a risk difference of zero. An updated literature search was performed to assess clinical studies describing interactions between PPIs and clopidogrel published from 2011-2012. The majority of these studies did not show significant interactions when primary cardiac outcomes were considered. More importantly, the newer data demonstrated that PPI usage independently was a risk factor for adverse CV outcomes, since most PPI users were older patients who were more likely to have concomitant co-morbid conditions. Two updated reviews also concluded that the presence of confounding factors likely explained differences in results between studies, and that there were no significant differences in effects on clopidogrel between individual proton pump inhibitors. Overall, clinicians can assure their patients that combination therapy is safe when indicated in a patient at high risk of GI bleeding, but they should also stop PPI therapy if it is not clinically indicated. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York. ER  - 
Dual antiplatelet therapy clopidogrel with low-dose cilostazol intensifies platelet inhibition in patients with ischemic stroke$$$ Objective We previously reported that the antiplatelet action is intensified with combined use of clopidogrel and cilostazol in ischemic stroke patients using the VerifyNow P2Y12 Assay. In this study, the relationship between the cilostazol dose and the platelet function achieved with combination therapy was investigated. Methods The subjects included 231 patients with noncardiogenic ischemic stroke treated at our hospital (18 patients treated with a combination of clopidogrel (75 mg) and cilostazol (100 mg), 52 patients treated with a combination of clopidogrel (75 mg) and cilostazol (200 mg), 126 patients treated with clopidogrel (75 mg) alone and 35 patients treated with cilostazol (200 mg) alone). The platelet function achieved with 20 μM of adenosine diphosphate was measured using the VerifyNow P2Y12 Assay. Clopidogrel resistance was defined as P2Y12 Reaction Units (PRU) >230 and/or % inhibition <20%. Results The PRU was >230 in 32 patients (25.4%) receiving clopidogrel alone, one patient (5.6%) receiving combination therapy with cilostazol (100 mg) and one patient (1.9%) receiving combination therapy with cilostazol (200 mg). The rate of PRU >230 was significantly lower in both of the cilostazol combination groups than in the clopidogrel alone group. The percent inhibition was <20% in 41 patients (32.5%) receiving clopidogrel alone, one patient (5.6%) receiving a combination with cilostazol (100 mg) and one patient (1.9%) receiving a combination with cilostazol (200 mg). The rate of % inhibition <20% was significantly lower in both of the cilostazol combination groups than in the clopidogrel alone group. Conclusion Clopidogrel resistance was clearly decreased with combination clopidogrel (75 mg) and lowdose (100 mg) cilostazol therapy. The use of combination therapy with clopidogrel and low-dose cilostazol may be one means of overcoming clopidogrel resistance. © 2013 The Japanese Society of Internal Medicine. ER  - 
Antiplatelet and anticoagulant strategies in acute coronary syndrome: Where we are in 2013$$$ Multiple antiplatelet and anticoagulant therapies are available for the treatment of acute coronary syndromes. The combination of agents should be tailored to the individual patient carefully considering the balance between ischemic and bleeding risk, as well as the planned revascularization strategy. Despite multiple large-scale, rigorously designed and conducted randomized controlled trials, it can be difficult to select the correct pharmacotherapy for each patient and many unanswered questions remain, such as the safety and optimal doses of differing combinations of antiplatelet/anticoagulant therapy, as well as the timing and duration of therapies. In addition, the headline results of many trials report improved efficacy outcomes at the cost of increased bleeding risk; however, very few show a clear mortality benefit. It is therefore difficult to weigh up the risk-benefit profile of emerging therapies. © 2013 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Bleeding risks associated with vitamin K antagonists$$$ Vitamin K antagonists are widely used for the prevention of stroke due to atrial fibrillation, treatment and secondary prevention of venous thromboembolism, prevention of valvular thromboembolism in patients with prosthetic heart valves, and secondary prevention of acute myocardial infarction. The most common adverse event experienced by patients receiving anticoagulant therapy is major bleeding. The incidence of major bleeding in patients receiving long-term anticoagulation with a vitamin K antagonist in contemporary studies is 1-3% per year. To determine if the benefits of anticoagulant therapy outweigh the risk of bleeding in an individual patient, physicians must be aware of the risk factors associated with major bleeding. This narrative review will provide an overview of the incidence of major bleeding in patients receiving therapeutic anticoagulant therapy with vitamin K antagonists, discuss the risk factors for bleeding, and outline the most commonly used clinical prediction rules for bleeding. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Thienopyridine efficacy and cigarette smoking status$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and a P2Y12 receptor blocker is an established regimen to reduce the risk of ischemic event occurrence in patients with high-risk cardiovascular (CV) disease. Cigarette smoking is an important cardiovascular risk factor. However, several investigators have reported what may be termed a "new" "smoker's paradox", whereby clopidogrel-treated nonsmokers appear to have either less or no CV-event reduction when compared to the substantial CV-event reduction in clopidogrel-treated smokers based on several large-scale trials. This "smoker's paradox" observed in multiple clinical outcome studies is also supported by emerging "real-world" data that also suggest clopidogrel nonsmokers do not fare as well as smokers treated with clopidogrel. In support of the new "smoker's paradox", pharmacodynamic studies have also shown that smoking status influences clopidogrel responsiveness in healthy volunteers, acute coronary syndrome patients, and patients treated with percutaneous coronary intervention. Finally, there is a substantial, albeit not entirely consistent, body of pharmacodynamic and clinical outcome data supporting a reduced antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel in non-smokers as compared to smokers. The clinical relevance of this interaction has never been demonstrated in a prospective trial. The focus of this review is to critically evaluate the reported interaction between cigarette smoking status and thienopyridine efficacy. © 2013, Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Prasugrel vs. Clopidogrel in medically managed unstable angina/NSTEMI: Insights from the TRILOGY ACS platelet substudy in angiographically triaged patients$$$ Aims: We sought to compare the effect of prasugrel vs. clopidogrel on platelet reactivity as measured in P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) and the rate of the primary composite endpoint (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke) in relation to number of diseased vessels at prerandomisation angiography. Methods and results: TRILOGY ACS compared prasugrel+aspirin vs. clopidogrel+aspirin in a primary cohort of 7243 ACS patients <75 years with ≥1 high-risk criterion who were medically managed without revascularisation; median follow-up was 17 months. Of 3085 patients (43%) undergoing prerandomisation angiography, platelet function testing was available in 669 (22%). Platelet reactivity was lower for patients receiving prasugrel vs. clopidogrel across all TRILOGY patients (p<0.001for PRU at 30 days). Among all patients who underwent angiography, median platelet reactivity for those receiving prasugrel (n=334) was 70 PRU (interquartile range [IQR]: 36-132) vs. 199 PRU (137-257) for those receiving clopidogrel (n=335) at 30 days; p<0.001. In patients who underwent angiography, prasugrel was associated with lower platelet reactivity regardless of dose: among patients <60 kg who received 5-mg prasugrel (n=28), median platelet reactivity was 140 PRU (IQR: 93-128) vs. those receiving clopidogrel (n=31), who had a median of 209 PRU (168-258); patients ≥60 kg who received 10-mg prasugrel (n=306) had a median of 64 PRU (34-128) vs. those receiving clopidogrel (n=304), who had a median of 198 PRU (132-256). The rate of the primary endpoint was significantly lower among patients randomised to prasugrel vs. clopidogrel: hazard ratio (HR) 0.77; 95% confidence interval (95% CI) 0.61-0.98; p=0.031. Treatment effect was consistent among patients with minor coronary disease, including 0 (30%-50% maximal visual stenosis, any vessel) or 1 (>50% stenosis, 1 vessel) and 2-3 vessel disease on angiography: HR 0.76 (95% CI: 0.52-1.10) and HR 0.82 (95% CI: 0.60-1.11), respectively (interaction p=0.75). Among 617 patients with 3-vessel disease, the treatment effect was not apparent, but with a wide CI (HR 0.99 [95% CI: 0.67-1.46]). Crossover to treatment with PCI or CABG was infrequent at 7.4% and occurred at a median of 189 days (52-406). Conclusions: As in the overall study, the TRILOGY angiographic substudy showed a consistently greater antiplatelet effect with prasugrel vs. clopidogrel, and the lower rate of the primary endpoint among patients who underwent angiography during the index ACS event is likely explained by the confirmed presence of coronary disease. ER  - 
Consideration of the ABCB1 genotype in addition to the CYP2C19 loss-offunction allele allows better prediction of 1-year clinical outcomes in clopidogrel on-treatment patients following PCI with DES$$$ Aims: To evaluate the combined effect of ABCB13435 TT genotype and CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele on 1-year clinical outcomes in a real-world PCI cohort. Methods and results: We retrospectively enrolled 2,188 patients (1,656 [75.7%] angina and 532 [24.3%] AMI patients) who received a loading dose of 600 mg clopidogrel followed by daily 75 mg maintenance dose for at least 1-year after PCI between 2003 to 2009. We tested the association of polymorphism of 6 genes (CYP2B6, CYP2C19, CYP3A4, CYP3A5, ABCB1, P2Y12) with the primary end point of major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCE; including death from any cause, nonfatal MI, or stroke) during 1-year follow-up. Patients with MACCE showed older, higher prevalence of HBP/CRF/CYP2C19 poor metabolizer (PM) (∗2/∗2, ∗2/∗3, ∗3/∗3) genotype, more left main disease, and more diagnosis of MI than patients without MACCE. On multivariable Cox analysis, age≥65 years (HR; 3.65, 95% CI; 2.29-6.49), diagnosis of MI (HR; 2.72, 95% CI; 1.75-4.23), CRF (HR; 6.32, 95% CI; 3.80-10.51), and CYP2C19 PM (HR; 1.87, 95% CI; 1.12-3.12) were identified as predictors of MACCE. ABCB1 3435 TT genotype had no statistical significance on a multiple Cox regression model. Notably, when CYP2C19 PM was combined with ABCB1 3435C>T polymorphism, presence of ABCB1 3435 TT genotype had a statistical significance (CYP2C19 PM+ABCB1 TT vs. CYP2C19 PM+non-ABCB1 TT (CC or CT): HR: 2.86, 95% CI: 1.09-7.57, p for interaction=0.15) as well as HR of CYP2C19 PM+ABCB1 TT genotype to non- CYP2C19 PM+non-ABCB1 TT genotype (CC or CT) were significantly increased (HR; 3.97, 95% CI; 1.71-9.21) compared with HRs of each CYP2C19 PM and ABCB1 TT genotype. This combined effect of CYP2C19 PM was not seen with polymorphism of other genes. Conclusions: MACCE at one year in real-world PCI patients on clopidogrel is better predicted by considering both the ABCB1 and CYP2C19 polymorphisms than by CYP2C19 alone. ER  - 
CYP2C19∗17 polymorphism may not be associated with adverse clinical outcomes in Asian patients on clopidogrel therapy undergoing PCI$$$ Aims: Although the cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19∗17 variant allele has been associated with increased platelet response to clopidogrel and risk of bleeding in Westerners, pronounced interethnic variability is seen in the prevalence and genotype pattern of this allele and limited data are available on long-term clinical outcomes during clopidogrel exposure in Asians. Methods and results: We consecutively enrolled 2,188 patients undergoing PCI followed by dual antiplatelet therapy. The prevalence of CYP2C19∗17 variant allele (heterozygote [∗wt/∗17]: 2.4% [n=53], homozygote [∗17/∗17]: 0% [n=0]) was very low compared with wild-type homozygotes (∗wt/∗wt: 97.6% [n=2,135]). The median duration of clopidogrel exposure was 1.33 years (interquartile range 0.78-1.99). The 2-year cumulative Kaplan-Meier event rates for combined TIMI major and minor bleeding (∗wt/∗17 vs. ∗wt/∗wt: 2% vs. 2.3%; adjusted hazard ratio [HR], 1.23; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.16-9.45), stent thrombosis (∗wt/∗17 vs. ∗wt/∗wt: 2% vs. 1.1%; HR, 3.98; 95% CI, 0.49-31.6) or composite of any death, nonfatal myocardial infarction and stroke (∗wt/∗17 vs. ∗wt/∗wt: 5.4% vs. 7.1%; HR, 1.37; 95% CI, 0.32-5.73) did not differ according to CYP2C19∗17 carriage. On multivariate logistic analysis, CYP2C19∗17 carriage was not an independent predictor for bleeding (odds ratio, 1.57; 95% CI, 0.21-12.2). Conclusions: The CYP2C19∗17 polymorphism may not be associated with adverse clinical outcomes in Asian patients taking clopidogrel after PCI. Its limited impact is explained partly by lower prevalence, the rarity of homozygotes and relatively low rate of adverse clinical events. ER  - 
Early recurrent ischemic lesion on diffusionweighted MRI based on the cytochrome P450 2C19 genotype in stroke patients treated with clopidogrel$$$ Background: The early recurrent ischemic lesions on diffusionweighted magnetic resonance imaging (DW-MRI) scan of brain are commonly observed in patients with stroke. The recurrent lesions on DW-MRI have been used as a possible surrogate marker for clinical recurrence of stroke. Clopidogrel is an inhibitor of adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet aggregation and it is widely used for secondary prevention of stroke. The metabolism of clopidogrel is affected by cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) genotypes. We aim to analyze the incidence of DW-MRI recurrence based on the CYP2C19 genotype in stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. Methods: We enrolled 24 stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. The DW-MRI scan of the brain was carried out the onset of stroke and at subsequent times within the first week after stroke. The CYP2C19 genotyping was performed using the Verigene system (Nanosphere, USA). Depending on the CYP2C19 genotype, the CYP2C19 enzyme activity was classified into three groups including extensive metabolizer (∗1/∗1 or wild-type), intermediate metabolizer (∗1/∗2 and ∗1/∗3) and poor metabolizer (∗2/∗2, ∗3/∗3 and ∗2/∗3). And we compared the incidence of DW-MRI recurrence based on the CYP2C19 alleles in patients with stroke. Results: The overall DW-MRI recurrence rate was 33.3% (8 patients). Twenty four patients classified based on the CYP2C19 genotype into extensive metabolizer (n=88, 33.3%), intermediate metabolizer (n=10, 41.7%) and poor metabolizer (n=6, 25.0%), respectively. The highest incidence of DW-MRI recurrence was observed in poor metabolizer (66.7%), followed in descending order by intermediate metabolizer (40.0%), and extensive metabolizer (12.5%). The poor metabolizer revealed a significantly high incidence of DW-MRI recurrence than extensive metabolizer (P=0.09). In addition, the DW-MRI recurrence rates have largely been attributed to an increase a number of variant alleles of CYP2C19 (P=0.04). Conclusions: In our small series of stroke patients treated with clopidogrel, the rate of early ischemic recurrent lesion on DWMRI was higher in poor and intermediate metabolizer than extensive metabolizer. We believe that the consideration should be given to routine CYP2C19 genotype testing in stroke patients treated with clopidogrel. ER  - 
Clopidogrel resistance due to CYP2C19∗2 polymorphism: An overestimated concern in a stroke population?$$$ Background. Cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19 is a crucial enzyme for metabolic bioactivation of clopidogrel. The CYP2C19∗2 polymorphism has been associated with increased risk of major adverse cardiovascular events and coronary stent thrombosis. However, its significance for the risk of stroke and stroke recurrence is not well defined. Patients and Methods. Over a 1-year-period, we screened all patients admitted to our stroke comprehensive center. Patients suffering stroke under medication with clopidogrel and patients whose antiplatelet therapy was changed to clopidogrel after stroke were analysed. CYP2C19 genotype was assessed using a point-of-care test system (Spartan RX). Results. 41 patients with acute ischemic stroke and cerebrovascular indication for clopidogrel were included. 23/41 were under treatment with clopidogrel at the time of onset. In 18/41, clopidogrel therapy was initiated after stroke. Out of these 18 patients, 8 received dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel due to progressive or instable carotid artery stenosis. Most common other reasons for prescription of clopidogrel were intolerance of aspirin and nonresponding platelet function tests under aspirin. Overall, 26/41 (63%) had a wild-type ∗1/∗1 genotype; 14/41 (34%) were heterozygous with a ∗1/∗2 genotype. Out of the 23 patients with preexisting clopidogrel treatment, 8/23 (35%) were heterozygous. Only 1/41 showed a homozygous ∗2/∗2 genotype. Conclusion. The rate of about 30% of CYP2C19∗2 allel carriers in our population is consistent with previous studies. The percentage of ∗2 allel carriers was not increased in patients suffering stroke under clopidogrel treatment. Taking into account the limited number of acute stroke patients with an indication for clopidogrel treatment, we conclude that the impact of CYP2C19 polymorphism in stroke recurrence might be rather low. CYP2C19 genotype testing can therefore not be recommended as a matter of routine so far. ER  - 
Measurement of platelet reactivity in ischemic stroke patients undergoing antiplatelet therapy: An observational study$$$ Background. Few studies have investigated individual responsiveness to antiplatelet medications in stroke patients. Objective. The aim of the present study was to assess ASA and Clopidogrel (Clop) responsiveness using impedance aggregometry on a Multiplate analyzer in stroke patients within 24 hours from acute event in antiplatelet home therapy (first study population) and before discharge (second study population). In some patients in Clop treatment, we also studied genetic polymorphisms. Methods. The first group included 150 patients: 117 in ASA and 33 in Clop therapy. The second study population included 250 patients: 117 in ASA and 133 in Clop therapy. The platelet function was evaluated respectively within 24 hours from acute event and 1 week after the introduction of antiplatelet therapy. Results. In the first group, 88% of patients in therapy with ASA and 88% patients in Clop therapy were responders. In the second group 92% patients in therapy with ASA and 62% in Clop therapy were responders. CYP2C19 most common genetic variants were studied in 84 patients in Clop therapy. In 43 normal metabolizers (allelic variants ∗1/∗1 and ∗2/∗17), 28 were Clop responders and 15 were non-responders. In 15 slow metabolizers (∗2/∗2 and ∗1/∗2), 9 patients were Clop responders and 6 were non-responders. In 26 fast metabolizers (∗17/∗17 and ∗1/∗17), 20 patients were Clop responders and 6 were non-responders. Conclusion. Multiplate analyzer enables quick measurement of platelet reactivity in patients undergoing antiplatelet therapy. Follow-up of these patients will be important to establish if there is a correlation between recurrence of ischemical event and therapeutic non-response, to verify the responsiveness of discharge antiplatelet theraphy, if there is a higher risk of bleeding among ultraresponder patients, if the Clop response might be time-depending and finally the role of genetic polymorphisms. ER  - 
Effects of CYP2C19 polymorphism on clopidogrel treatment in patients with carotid stenosis treated with stent$$$ Introduction Clopidogrel is a prodrug that requires conversion into an active metabolite via cytochrome P450 (CYP) in the liver, in order to irreversibly inhibits the P2Y12 adenosine diphosphate platelet receptor. CYP2C19 polymorphism has been reported to correlate with reduced antiplatelet activity of clopidogrel in coronary artery disease. We assessed the association between CYP2C19 polymorphism and clopidogrel resistance in patients with carotid stenosis treated with stent. Materials and methods VerifyNow P2Y12 assay was used to test clopidogrel resistance. A PRU value higher of 240 identified resistant patients. Genomic DNA was extracted from blood leukocytes using QIAmp DNA Mini Kit. Genotyping was performed using “TaqMan® SNP Genotyping Assays” in a LightCycler 480. Patients were genotyped for three single-nucleotide polymorphisms (∗2, ∗3, ∗17) that define the major CYP2C19 alleles. Patients were classified into categories of metaboliser phenotypes with the use of established common-consensus star allele nomenclature (“ultrarapid metabolisers”, “extensive metabolisers”, “intermediate metabolisers” and “poor metabolisers”). Results Based on their genetic makeup, 141 patients were enrolled (mean age;67,1, 78,7% men, 30.5% asymtomatic). 29.8% of patients were considered ultrarapid, 44,7% extensive and 25.5% were intermediate or poor metabolisers. The PRU values of intermediate and poor metabolisers (PRU 251±87) were higher than those of extensive (220±85) and ultrarapid metabolisers (208±63) (p=0,01). Only 33,3% of intermediate and poor metabolisers were responder to clopidogrel (vs 52.4% and 61.9%, p=0.04, respectively). Conclusion Intermediate and poor metabolisers CYP2C19 is associated with reduced clopidogrel antiplatelet activity in patients with carotid stenosis. The clinical implications of this finding require further investigation. ER  - 
Successful endovascular treatment of three fusiform cerebral aneurysms with the Pipeline Embolization Device in a patient with dilating HIV vasculopathy$$$ Dilating HIV vasculopathy can be a cause of ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke in patients with HIV. Although first identified in children, this condition is increasingly being recognized in adults and has a dismal natural history under medical or expectant management. Vessel wall invasion by varicella zoster virus, HIV or Mycobacterium avium intracellulare complex (MAI) has been postulated as a possible etiology. We present a case of an adult patient with HIV and chronic disseminated MAI infection who presented with ischemic stroke and three fusiform cerebral aneurysms that were successfully treated with the pipeline embolization device (PED). Flow diversion may be a viable treatment option for patients presenting with this serious neurovascular condition when aneurysm location precludes parent vessel sacrifice or surgical bypass. In addition, platelet function testing with VerifyNow may be valuable in selecting the appropriate P2Y12 receptor antagonist to be used in order to prevent PED thrombosis, since some of the antiretroviral drugs may inhibit clopidogrel or prasugrel metabolism. Copyright 2013 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Comparison of platelet inhibition with prasugrel versus adjunctive cilostazol to dual anti-platelet therapy in patients with ST segment elevation myocardial infarction$$$ Background: The inhibition of platelet aggregation (IPA) by antiplatelet agent was important to reduce the thrombo-embolic events in patients with ST segments elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) planned percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). However, periprocedural IPA by prasugrel was well unknown. We compared the pre- PCI and in-hospital IPA between prasugrel and adjunctive cilostazol to dual anti-platelet therapy (Triple anti-platelet therapy; TAP) in patients with STEMI. Methods: We prospectively randomized before coronary angiography 63 consecutive clopidogrel-naive patients with STEMI to either prasugrel [loading dose (LD) 60mg, maintenance dose (MD) 10mg; 32 patients] or TAP (LD aspirin 300mg, clopidogel 600mg, and cilostazol 200mg; 31 patients). Primary end points of the study were the platelet reactivity unit (PRU) or % inhibition by the VerifyNow P2Y12 pointof- care assay at pre-PCI and 5-day after PCI. Results: At pre-PCI, the drug loading to examination time was similar between prasugrel and TAP groups (24.6±10.34 minutes vs. 27.0±12.40 minutes, p=0.406). PRU was lower and % inhibition tended to be greater in prasugrel than in TAP at pre-PCI (267.1±74.25 vs. 300.4±46.69, p=0.041; 3.3±10.59% vs. 0.0%, p=0.084). The cardiac death, non-fatal MI, or stent thrombosis did not occur in both groups during hospitalization. However, The cerebrovascular accident occurred in 1 patient in TAP group. The lower PRU and greater % inhibition also occurred with prasugrel than with TAP at 5-days after PCI (107.6±59.91 vs. 235.4±87.93; 64.1±17.80% vs. 18.3±20.35%, p<0.001 respectively). Conclusion: Our study presents that prasugrel has a greater periprocedural as well as in-hospital IPA compared with TAP in patients with STEMI. ER  - 
Clinical management of rivaroxaban-treated patients$$$ Introduction: Until recently, only vitamin K antagonists (VKAs) were used for long-term anticoagulation. New oral anticoagulants, with pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic characteristics different to VKAs, are now available for some indications. Rivaroxaban (Xarelto®) is an oral Factor Xa inhibitor approved in many countries for long-term treatment of patients with atrial fibrillation or venous thromboembolism. This article is addressed to all professionals involved in the management of treated patients to highlight the characteristics of rivaroxaban and provide practical guidance on management of treated patients. Areas covered: This article is based on a consensus of specialists involved in the management of anticoagulant treatment, including thrombosis experts, cardiologists, neurologists, emergency medicine specialists, and general practitioners. The authors performed a nonsystematic review of the literature, and expressed guidance statements based on the results of the review as well as personal experience. Expert opinion: Availability of new anticoagulant drugs, including rivaroxaban, is an important step forward to allow easier, more effective, and safer long-term anticoagulation in patients in whom adequate anticoagulation is currently denied due to the limitations of VKAs. However, given their totally new properties, associated risks, and expected broad clinical use, expert professionals and manufacturers must urgently tackle a series of issues. © 2013 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Assessment of platelet inhibition by point-of-care testing in neuroendovascular procedures$$$ Antiplatelet agents are an important component of the preventive strategies currently used in clinical practice to minimize the risk of thromboembolic events during and after endovascular procedures. Because of the variability in the response to antiplatelet agents, measuring the degree of platelet inhibition may help identify and properly treat poor responders. POC testing is defined as diagnostic testing at or near the site of patient care. Knowledge of the specifics of these devices among practicing neurointerventionalists is relatively limited. In this article, the different POC devices available are presented, and their clinical utility in relation to endovascular procedures is discussed. ER  - 
Clopidogrel hyper-response and bleeding risk in neurointerventional procedures$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Antiplatelet therapy is associated with decreased ischemic events after neurointerventional procedures. Antiplatelet resistance negates the protective effects of antiplatelet medication, leading to a higher incidence of ischemic events. A possible link between antiplatelet hyper-response and increased hemorrhagic complications has been inadequately investigated. We aimed to examine the correlation between antiplatelet hyper-response and the risk of hemorrhagic complications. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Patients who were treated with antiplatelet medications and underwent neurointerventional procedures were prospectively recruited. We collected the following data: demographics, vascular risk factors, antiplatelet and anticoagulation treatment, antiplatelet responsiveness, coagulation profile, and hemorrhagic complications. P2Y12 receptor-mediated platelet inhibition was tested by using the VerifyNow assay device. The primary end points were postprocedural major and minor hemorrhagic complications. Receiver operator characteristic analysis was used to evaluate the percentage of platelet inhibition as a diagnostic tool for bleeding events. The association between hemorrhage and percentage of platelet inhibition was investigated by using logistic regression modeling. RESULTS: Forty-seven patients were enrolled. The mean age was 56 ± 12 years, and 28% were men. Ten patients (21.3%) developed hemorrhagic complications. Clopidogrel response was higher in patients with a major bleeding complication compared with those with minor or no bleeding (median, 94% versus 24% platelet inhibition; P = .0084). Of the 7 patients (14.9%) defined as hyper-responders with ≥72% platelet inhibition, 42.8% had a major bleeding complication. CONCLUSIONS: Hyper-response to clopidogrel is associated with increased risk of hemorrhagic complications. Larger studies are urgently needed to validate a clinically useful threshold to define clopidogrel hyper-response and to examine the clinical effects of antiplatelet dosage adjustment. ER  - 
Relationship between cytochrome P450 2C19 polymorphisms and clinical outcomes in clopidogrel -treated patients who underwent cerebrovascular stenting placement$$$ Objective: To evaluate the impact of cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19 gene polymorphisms on clinical outcome in clopidogrel-treated patients who underwent cerebrovascular stenting placement. Methods: One hundred and ninty-four patients who underwent cerebrovascular stent placement and with long-term treatment of clopidogrel (75 mg/d) between April 2009 and December 2010 were enrolled, CYP2C19 genotype was detected by improved multiple ligase detection reaction. The primary clinical endpoints were ischemic stroke and death after stent implantation; the key secondary endpoints were hemorrhagic stroke and other vascular events. Results: The average followed-up was (19.4 ±9.9) months. The overall incidence of primary endpoints was 16.5%. Of the 194 patients, 87(44.8%) were wild-type homozygous, 88 (45.4%) were heterozygotes, and 19 (9.8%) were homozygous. The cumulative incidence of adverse outcomes was significant higher in CYP2C19* 2 carrier than that in noncarriers (22.4% (24/107) vs 9.2% (8/87), HR=2.74, 95% CI 1.23-6.10, P = 0.01). Of the 194 patients, 13 (6.7%) were heterozygotes, and 181 (93.3%) were wild-type homozygous. CYP2C19* 3 polymorphism had no significant impact on the outcomes in this cohort of patients. No relationship between gene and the secondary endpoints were detected. After multivariable analysis, the CYP2C19* 2 was an independent predictor of clinical outcomes of cerebrovascular stent placement (HR = 2.89, 95% CI 1.10-7.60, P = 0.03). Conclusions: CYP2C19* 2 is an independent determinant of adverse events after cerebrovascular stent placement treated with clopidogrel. While CYP2C19* 3 is not associated with the clinical prognosis in patients with cerebrovascular stent placement. Copyright © 2013 by the Chinese Medical Association. ER  - 
Update on the status of new oral anticoagulants for stroke prevention in patients with atrial fibrillation$$$ For decades vitamin K antagonists (VKA) have been the mainstay of treatment and prophylaxis of thromboembolism, in particular in primary prevention of systemic embolism associated with atrial fibrillation. Despite their efficacy, the use of VKA is associated with several limitations, including a narrow therapeutic window and a wide variability in the anticoagulant effect due to several drug-food and drug-drug interactions of VKA. The several limitations of VKA have resulted in their underuse for prevention of thromboembolic complications in patients with atrial fibrillation. Recently, new classes of oral anticoagulants have emerged: factor Xa (FXa) inhibitors and direct thrombin inhibitors. These new anticoagulants have a more predictable effect and eliminate the need for routine monitoring. Even though recent clinical trials have demonstrated the safety and efficacy of the new compounds, several unanswered issues must be addressed before conclusions can be drawn towards their potential to replace VKA. ER  - 
Use new antiplatelet therapies consistently in clinical practice$$$ Optimising the benefits of new anti-platelet therapies in daily clinical practice should be based on selecting the particular agents that the responsible clinician would like to use in managing acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients and then sticking to this selection. Speaking in Accra, Ghana to African cardiologists and physicians attending a special AstraZeneca-sponsored CME symposium, Prof Jean-Pierre Bassand, past president of the European Society of Cardiology and head of Cardiology at the University of Besancon, Franche-Comte, noted that 'In my 35 years of experience in cardiology, physicians and nurses respond best when they have a simpler regimen of anti-coagulation and anti-platelet agents to use in the ACS setting'. ER  - 
Novel anti-thrombotic therapy in acute coronary syndromes$$$ Despite recent developments in revascularisation, anti-platelet and anti-thrombotic therapies, patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) remain at increased risk of recurrent atherothrombotic events. Dual anti-platelet therapy comprising aspirin and platelet P2Y12 receptor inhibition has become the cornerstone of therapy in ACS. However, thrombin-mediated pathways, which contribute to platelet activation and are responsible for the formation of fibrin clot, remain active following initial plaque rupture. Recently, orally administered drugs which directly target thrombin, factor Xa or thrombinmediated platelet activation have been developed. Efficacy outcomes in trials of these novel anti-thrombotic agents in ACS have yielded mixed results and their adoption in clinical practice is currently hampered due to a penalty of increased bleeding. To date, the direct Xa inhibitor rivaroxaban and the protease-activated receptor-1 antagonist atopaxar have shown most promise and require further evaluation to determine their role in ACS management. © 2013 The Czech Society of Cardiology. Published by Elsevier Urban & Partner Sp. z o.o. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The association between concomitant proton-pump inhibitor use and clinical outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndromes treated with prasugrel versus clopidogrel and managed without revascularization: Insights from the trilogy ACS study$$$ Background: There is conflicting evidence regarding the interaction among proton-pump inhibitors (PPIs), platelet P2Y12 inhibitors, and clinical outcomes in ACS patients. Methods: We evaluated 7243 ACS patients aged <75 y with UA/NSTEMI managed without revascularization enrolled in TRILOGY ACS, and analyzed the association between baseline PPI use and study treatment effect of prasugrel vs clopidogrel over 30 months. Adjusted hazard ratio (HR) estimates were derived using Cox proportional models weighted for inverse propensity of PPI use. Results: 1666 patients (23%) were taking a PPI at randomization. Those on PPIs at baseline were older, more likely to have NSTEMI and undergo angiography before randomization, and less likely to have prior heart failure (Table). Among those on PPI at baseline vs those not on PPI, there was no difference in adjusted risk of the primary efficacy endpoint of CV death, MI, or stroke with prasugrel (adjusted HR=1.11; 95% CI: 0.86-1.43), but there was a higher risk with PPI use with clopidogrel (adjusted HR=1.50; 95% CI: 1.19-1.89); interaction p=0.09. Conclusions: Patients with ACS managed medically and taking a PPI at baseline had a higher risk profile than those not on a PPI. Long-term risk of ischemic outcomes associated with PPI use was higher in those treated with clopidogrel vs those treated with prasugrel. Future analyses will evaluate this association with respect to the overall TRILOGY efficacy and safety results, including dedicated platelet function analyses. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Contraindications for P2Y12 inhibitors in real-life patients with acute coronary syndrome: Insights from the greek antiplatelet (GRAPE) registry$$$ Background: Data on the prevalence of contraindications and conditions requiring precaution for the administration of P2Y12 inhibitors in reallife patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) are scarce. Methods: We performed detailed recording of contraindications and conditions requiring precaution for clopidogrel, prasugrel and ticagrelor in ACS patients undergoing PCI in the context of a prospective multi-centre, observational study of antiplatelet treatment patterns in ACS patients subjected to PCI in Greece. Results: From January to August 2012, 875 patients were included in analysis, 82.3% men, with a mean age of 62.5±18.8 years, 23.3% diabetics, 53.5% current smokers and 50.4% admitted with ST elevation myocardial infarction. In total 16.7%, 42.7% and 35.5% of patients had at least one absolute contraindication or special condition requiring precaution for clopidogrel, prasugrel and ticagrelor respectively. Conditions, common among the 3 agents,requiring precaution were: recent injury or surgery (0.5%), recent gastrointestinal bleeding (0.9%), home-medication increasing bleeding risk (3.4%), renal failure (3.1%) and concomitant conditions increasing bleeding risk (5.6%). Contraindications/conditions requiring precaution only for prasugrel were prior stroke (18.6%), age ≥75 years (16.1%) and weight < 60Kg (3.1%) while only for ticagrelor were severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (4.2%), hyperuricaemia/prior gout crisis (6.3%) and increased risk of bradycardia (0.7%). In total 116(13.3%) patients had at least 1 contraindication or condition requiring precaution for the administration of all 3 agents. Conclusions: In a real-world ACS population treated with PCI, there is a relative high rate of contraindications or specific conditions requiring precaution for the administration of P2Y12 inhibitors, especially for prasugrel and ticagrelor. ER  - 
CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles are not associated with clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in patients treated with newer-generation drug-eluting stents$$$ Background: CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) alleles affect clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in patients treated with 1st-generation DES. However, no data exist on the impact of CYP2C19 LOF alleles on clinical outcome in newer-generation DES era. Methods: The effects of CYP2C19 genotypes were evaluated on clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in 2073 patients treated with either PCI using 1st-generation DES (SES and PES, n=1355) or newer-generation DES (EES and ZES, n=718). The primary clinical outcome was major cardiac and cerebrovascular event (MACCE) comprising all-cause death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, or stroke during 1 year of follow-up. Results: CYP2C19 LOF alleles were associated with higher risk of MACCE in patients treated with 1st-generation DES (hazard ratio [HR], 2.211; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.075-4.547; P=0.035). CYP2C19 LOF alleles were not associated with primary outcome in those treated with newergeneration DES (HR, 0.730; 95% CI, 0.354-1.506; P=0.450). There was no difference of P2Y12 reaction unit between the groups. Multivariate analysis demonstrated that there was no significance in newer-generation DES (adjusted HR, 0.627; 95% CI, 0.303-1.297; p=0.208), although CYP2C19 LOF alleles were an independent predictor of MACCE in patients with first-generation DES (adjusted HR, 2.058; 95% CI, 1.008-4.203; p=0.048). Conclusions: CYP2C19 LOF alleles may not affect clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in patients treated with newer-generation DES. (Figure presented) . ER  - 
Genetic polymorphisms and drug interactions leading to clopidogrel resistance: Why the asian population requires special attention$$$ Ischemic heart disease and stroke are the two leading causes of death worldwide. Antiplatelet therapy plays the most significant role in the management of these cardiovascular and cerebrovascular occlusive events to prevent recurrent ischemic attack. Clopidogrel, an antiplatelet drug, is widely prescribed either alone or in combination with aspirin as dual antiplatelet therapy for the prevention of vascular occlusive events. The antiplatelet response to clopidogrel varies widely. Hyporesponders and nonresponders are likely to have adverse cardiovascular events during follow-up. Some drugs, such as proton pump inhibitors (omeprazole), calcium channel blockers, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (nefazadone), coumarin derivatives (phenprocoumon), benzodiazepines, sulfonylurea, erythromycin, and itraconazole, decrease the antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel when administered concomitantly. Decreased response to clopidogrel is common among Asians due to genetic polymorphisms associated with clopidogrel resistance, and it is nearly 70% in some of the Asian communities. It is necessary to study Asian populations, because there are a large number of Asians throughout the world due to increased migration. Current guidelines do not make genetic testing or platelet response testing mandatory prior to clopidogrel prescription. Therefore, it is important for clinicians treating Asian patients to keep in mind the interindividual variability in response to clopidogrel when prescribing the drug. © 2012 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
Dual antiplatelet therapy in patients with diabetes mellitus: Special considerations$$$ Diabetes mellitus (DM) is associated with higher rates of ischemic events in patients suffering from an acute coronary syndrome and/or undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention, thereby underscoring the need to develop more effective and specific strategies toward mitigation of the cardiovascular burden associated with DM. Platelet hyper-reactivity associated with DM is a central contributor to this high risk, since platelets are the key players in the processes underpinning atherothrombotic complications, thereby representing a specific therapeutic target. Oral dual antiplatelet therapy comprising the combination of aspirin (75-100 mg) and clopidogrel (75 mg) has been, for years, the standard antithrombotic treatment for patients with acute coronary syndrome and/or undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. However, despite the use of this therapy, high rates of cardiovascular events continue to occur, especially within the cohort of patients with DM. These observations could be in part explained by an inadequate clopidogrel-induced platelet inhibition, which has been associated with impaired clinical outcomes. In particular, DM is associated with a higher prevalence of reduced responsiveness to standard dual antiplatelet therapy, which may contribute to the higher rates of ischemic events seen in this population. These findings have prompted the identification of alternative dual antiplatelet treatment regimens to optimize platelet inhibition. The present review aims to describe benefits and limitations of oral dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel (75 mg) and to appraise the evidence regarding alternative oral dual antiplatelet therapy regimens, which include higher doses of aspirin and clopidogrel or the combination of prasugrel or ticagrelor with aspirin, focusing on patients with DM. © 2013 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
CYP2C19 polymorphism and antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel in Chinese stroke patients$$$ Recently published data indicate that CYP2C19&z.ast;2 allele is the major determinant of metabolic bioactivation of clopidogrel and thereby variability of antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel in white or black patients undergoing elective coronary stent placement. The conclusion may not be fully generalized or extrapolated to the Chinese people due to significantly higher frequencies of the CYP2C19&z.ast;2 or &z.ast;3 variant alleles. We sought to investigate whether the CYP2C19&z.ast;2 or &z.ast;3 alleles affects platelet reactivity of clopidogrel in Chinese stroke patients. The study included 183 consecutive Chinese stroke patients after loading with clopidogrel 300 mg. Platelet function was assessed by adenosine diphosphate-induced (ADP 20 μmol/L) platelet aggregation and by light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) after seven 75-mg maintenance doses of clopidogrel before discharge. CYP2C19&z.ast;2 or &z.ast;3 genotypes were determined by time-of-flight mass spectrometer (MALDI/TOF-MS). In those patients who were carriers of 1 mutant allele (mutant heterozygotes, CYP2C19&z.ast;1/&z.ast;2 or &z.ast;1/&z.ast;3), ADP-induced maximum platelet aggregation (MPA) were significantly different compared with wild-type homozygous patients [37.2% (IQR, 19.6 to 50.5%) versus 23.6% (IQR, 14.0 to 35.4%), respectively; P= 0.002]. In addition, in the patients who were carriers of 2 mutant allele (mutant homozygotes, CYP2C19&z.ast;2/&z.ast;2, &z.ast;2/&z.ast;3 or &z.ast;3/&z.ast;3,), MPA were also significantly different compared with wildtype homozygous patients [35.7% (IQR, 21.0 to 78.1%) versus 23.6% (IQR, 14.0 to 35.4%, respectively; P= 0.039]. Bymultivariable linear regression, CYP2C19&z.ast;2 or &z.ast;3 loss-of-function alleles were independently associated with ADP-induced MPA measurements (partial R2 = 0.138, P= 0.001). CYP2C19&z.ast;2 or &z.ast;3 allele does link to increased MPA and clopidogrel response. ER  - 
The CYP2C19 genotype does not impact the long-term prognosis of patients with coronary artery disease$$$ Background: Cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19 plays a key role in clopidogrel activation and thus impacts the clinical outcome of patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). However, the majority of patients with CAD gradually discontinue clopidogrel after one year of discharge. This study explored whether the CYP2C19 gene polymorphism was associated with clinical events in patients with CAD after one year of discharge. Method: Between July 2008 and July 2009, 506 patients with CAD that was confirmed by coronary angiography were enrolled in this study, and their CYP2C19 genotype was determined. The primary endpoint events included cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction and nonfatal stroke. The secondary endpoint events included the components of the primary endpoint events, all-cause mortality and recurrent revascularisation. Result: The baseline clinical characteristics of CYP2C19*2-mutation carriers (homozygous *2/*2, n = 49; heterozygous *1/*2, n = 222) and non-carriers (wild-type allele *1/*1, n = 235) were comparable. The follow-up results showed that the incidence of adverse cardiovascular events within one year of discharge was significantly higher in carriers of the CYP2C19*2 homozygous genotype (*2/*2) than non-carriers (12.24% vs. 3.83%, adjusted hazard ratio (HR) 4.651, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.566-13.814, p = 0.006). However, the follow-up results after one year of discharge showed that the risk of the CYP2C19*2 homozygous genotype were significantly reduced. New primary endpoint events during the second year after discharge had no significant correlation with the CYP2C19 genotype. Conclusion: The risk of cardiovascular events in CAD patients with a homozygous CYP2C19*2 mutation was significantly higher than in other patients within the first year after discharge. However, the adverse impact of the CYP2C19*2 polymorphism was significantly reduced after one year of discharge. © 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. ER  - 
Reduced CYP219 clopidogrel metabolism in a multiethnic population: Prevalance and associated rates of recurrent cerebrovascular events$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the frequency and effects of variability in CYP2C19 metabolism in cerebrovascular disease patients. BACKGROUND: Recently, concern has been raised over the possibility of reduced efficacy of clopidogrel due to genetic variations in CYP2C19 metabolism. An FDA black box warning recommends all patients be tested. It has been estimated that ∼ 3% (range 2-14%) of the population are poor metabolizers, with significant racial/ethnic variation, but little data is available for cerebrovascular patients. DESIGN/METHODS: A retrospective review of all stroke and TIA patients tested for the clopidogrel CYP2C19 genotype from 4/2010 to 2/2012 was performed, with collection of data including race/ethnicity, CYP2C19 status, and presence of recurrent vascular events. RESULTS: A total of 53 cerebrovascular patients were tested; consisting of 5.7% poor (n=3), 26.4% intermediate (n=14), 62.3% extensive (n=33), 3.8% indeterminate (n=2), and 1.9% “mixed ultra rapid and poor” (n=1) metabolizers. Only 10/38 Caucasians (26.3%) were intermediate or poor metabolizers, compared with 7/15 (46.7%) non-Caucasians. Of 43 patients treated with clopidogrel, 3/27 extensive metabolizers (11.1%) had recurrent cerebrovascular events or thrombosis compared with 33.3% of intermediate metabolizers (4/12), and 50% of poor metabolizers (1/2). CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that the proportion of poor and intermediate clopidogrel metabolizers in cerebrovascular patients are comparable to cardiovascular studies, with a similarly higher prevalence of reduced metabolism, and potentially recurrent events, in non-Caucasian patients. Given the significant racial/ethnic differences, the large proportion of patients who are intermediate or poor metabolizers, and the need for long-term therapy with this medication, routine CYP2C19 testing of clopidogrel treated stroke/TIA patients, particularly in non-Caucasians, may be warranted. In addition, the emergence of generic clopidogrel could substantially increase usage, making this issue of even more importance. ER  - 
Targeting platelet thrombin receptor signaling to prevent thrombosis$$$ Platelets contribute fundamentally to ischemic heart disease, and antiplatelet therapy has been critical to reducing acute thrombotic complications of atherosclerotic disease. Thrombin, by acting on protease activated receptors (PAR), is one of the most potent platelet activators. PAR-1 antagonists may therefore provide more comprehensive antithrombotic effects. We review the pathophysiology of atherothrombosis, platelet activation by thrombin, the role of platelet protease activated receptors (PAR), and the clinical data supporting their use. © 2013 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. ER  - 
Drug treatment of acute ischemic stroke$$$ Acute ischemic stroke (AIS) is the fourth leading cause of death and the leading cause of adult disability in the USA. AIS most commonly occurs when a blood vessel is obstructed leading to irreversible brain injury and subsequent focal neurologic deficits. Drug treatment of AIS involves intravenous thrombolysis with alteplase (recombinant tissue plasminogen activator [rtPA]). Intravenous alteplase promotes thrombolysis by hydrolyzing plasminogen to form the proteolytic enzyme plasmin. Plasmin targets the blood clot with limited systemic thrombolytic effects. Alteplase must be administered within a short time window to appropriate patients to optimize its therapeutic efficacy. Recent trials have shown this time window may be extended from 3 to 4.5 hours in select patients. Other acute supportive interventions for AIS include maintaining normoglycemia, euthermia and treating severe hypertension. Urgent anticoagulation for AIS has generally not shown benefits that exceed the hemorrhage risks in the acute setting. Urgent antiplatelet use for AIS has limited benefits and should only promptly be initiated if alteplase was not administered, or after 24 hours if alteplase was administered. The majority of AIS patients do not receive thrombolytic therapy due to late arrival to emergency departments and currently there is a paucity of acute interventions for them. Ongoing clinical trials may lead to further medical breakthroughs to limit the damage inflicted by this devastating disease. © 2013 Springer International Publishing Switzerland. ER  - 
Impact of proton pump inhibitor therapy on the efficacy of clopidogrel in the CAPRIE and CREDO trials$$$ Background--Proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) may interfere with the metabolic activation of clopidogrel via inhibition of cytochrome P450 2C19, but the clinical implications remain unclear. Methods and Results--The impact of PPI use on the 1-year primary end point (ischemic stroke, myocardial infarction [MI], or vascular death) in the Clopidogrel versus Aspirin in Patients at Risk of Ischemic Events (CAPRIE) trial and the 28-day (all-cause death, MI, or urgent target vessel revascularization) and 1-year (all-cause death, MI, or stroke) primary end points in the Clopidogrel for Reduction of Events During Observation (CREDO) trial were examined. Clopidogrel appeared to elevate risk for the primary end point in CAPRIE among PPI users (estimated hazard ratio [EHR] 2.66, 95% CI 0.94 to 7.50) while lowering it for non-PPI users (EHR 0.90, 95% CI 0.83 to 0.99, interaction P=0.047). Moreover, PPI use was associated with worse outcomes in patients receiving clopidogrel (EHR 2.39, 95% CI 1.74 to 3.28) but not aspirin (EHR 1.04, 95% CI 0.70 to 1.57, interaction P=0.001). Clopidogrel did not significantly alter risk for the 1-year primary end point in CREDO among PPI users (EHR 0.82, 95% CI 0.48 to 1.40) while lowering it for non-PPI users (EHR 0.71, 95% CI 0.52 to 0.98, interaction P=0.682). Also, PPI use was associated with worse outcomes in both patients receiving clopidogrel (EHR 1.67, 95% CI 1.06 to 2.64) and those receiving placebo (EHR 1.56, 95% CI 1.06 to 2.30, interaction P=0.811). Conclusions--In CREDO, the efficacy of clopidogrel was not significantly affected by PPI use. However, in CAPRIE, clopidogrel was beneficial to non-PPI users while apparently harmful to PPI users. Whether this negative interaction is clinically important for patients receiving clopidogrel without aspirin needs further study. © 2013 The Authors. ER  - 
Aspirin and clopidogrel for prevention of ischemic stroke topical collection on stroke$$$ This review examines the role of platelets in ischemic stroke, platelet activation mechanisms, aspirin's rise as an antithrombotic agent, clopidogrel's appearance on the stage, a possible role for combination therapy, antiplatelet resistance, practical considerations, and future directions. Reviewed in this chapter are issues central to optimal antiplatelet therapy: efficacy, safety, resistance, and biochemical/laboratory testing. Current guidelines do not recommend combination aspirin and clopidogrel use, however recent research indicates dual antiplatelet therapy with combined aspirin and clopidogrel may have specific roles in secondary prevention of ischemic stroke. A cautious and analytical interpretation of the literature is advised before application of this knowledge to clinical practice. The best recommendation at this time is to follow the published guidelines for secondary prevention of ischemic stroke. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York. ER  - 
Delayed ipsilateral intraparenchymal hemorrhage after neuroform stent assisted coiling of intracranial aneurysms$$$ Background: Delayed ipsilateral intraparenchymal hemorrhage (IPH) has been reported following technically successful treatment of intracranial aneurysms using flow-diverting stents (Pipeline embolization device) in 8.5% of patients and does not appear to be related entirely to dual antiplatelet therapy. We report a similar phenomenon in Neuroform-assisted coiling. Methods: Neuroform-assisted coiling patients were entered into a prospective registry at our institution. Procedural and 30 day complications were recorded. Delayed ipsilateral IPH cases within 30 days were reviewed. Results: Between 11/2002 and 7/2012, 98 patients had Neuroform-assisted coiling of 100 cerebral aneurysms, 8 acutely ruptured. Intra-procedurally, there were 3 thromboembolic events and 4 hemorrhages due to vessel or aneurysm perforation (not necessarily symptomatic). After the procedure but within 30 days follow-up (available for 92 patients), there were 6 TIA's, 2 minor strokes and 1 SAH. There were 2 cases of ipsilateral IPH (2%). One was a 60-year-old man who had stent-assisted coiling of an ACOM aneurysm (Neuroform from right A1 into left A2). He was on aspirin 81 mg and clopidogrel 75 mg daily with a PRU (P2Y12 reaction units) of 72 on day of procedure. Despite decreasing clopidogrel dosing to every other day, he had a frontal lobe IPH 7 days later (Figure 1) with a PRU of 59. The other IPH (Figure 2) occurred in a 70-year-old man 14 days after Y-stent assisted coiling of an MCA aneurysm. He was on clopidogrel 75 mg and warfarin (INR 2.0) for prior pulmonary embolism and dural venous sinus thrombosis. Both patients recovered without neurological deficit. Conclusion: Recently described in flow diversion, delayed ipsilateral IPH is not limited to flow-diverting stents. Though less frequent, a potential for this may exist following any intracranial stenting procedure, possibly related to hemorrhagic conversion of microembolic phenomenon while on dual antiplatelets or anticoagulation. ER  - 
Evaluation of on-treatment platelet reactivity during carotid artery stenting using the verifynow system$$$ OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the correlation between point-of-care measurement of on-treatment platelet reactivity and postoperative thromboembolic events in patients undergoing carotid artery stenting (CAS) for atherosclerotic carotid artery stenosis. METHODS: Thirty patients receiving dual antiplatelet treatment, including clopidogrel, before CAS were prospectively enrolled. On-treatment platelet reactivity was measured within 24 h before CAS using both the VerifyNow P2Y12 and aspirin assays and light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) with ADP (LTA-ADP) and collagen (LTA-collagen) as the agonists. The endpoint was defined as the detection of acute ipsilateral ischemia on diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) within 72 h after CAS. Cut-off values for high on-treatment platelet reactivity were established by receiver operating characteristic curve analysis. RESULTS: A significant correlation was observed between VerifyNow P2Y12 reaction units (PRUs) and LTA-ADP and between VerifyNow aspirin reaction units (ARUs) and LTA-collagen. Small abnormalities were observed on DWI in 9 patients (30.0%), and transient ischemic attack was found in 2 (6.67%). Patients with ischemic events had significantly higher mean pre-CAS PRU values (286.42 ± 85.95 vs. 195.28 ± 90.05; p = 0.027) and lower mean pre-CAS PRU percent inhibition (11.71 ± 12.40 vs. 41.52 ± 22.51; p = 0.0027) than those without ischemic events. In the univariate analysis of the endpoint, 4th quartile PRU values (risk ratio [RR]: 3.0; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.00-8.92; p = 0.0533), 1st quartile PRU percent inhibition (RR: 6.33; 95% CI: 1.57-25.42; p = 0.0021), and 4th quartile LTA-ADP (RR: 3.06; 95% CI: 1.17-8.00; p = 0.0341) were found to increase the risk of abnormality detection on postprocedural DWI. The optimal cut-offs for high on-treatment platelet reactivity were 264 for pre-CAS PRU values (area under the curve [AUC]: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.65-0.99), 29 for PRU percent inhibition (AUC: 0.89; 95% CI: 0.77-1.01), and 38 for LTA-ADP (AUC: 0.80, 95% CI: 0.67-0.98). CONCLUSION: This study indicates that the new point-of-care VerifyNow P2Y12 assay might help identify patients who are at higher risk for thromboembolic events after CAS. ER  - 
Warfarin increases risk of future intracerebral hemorrhage in patients presenting with isolated lobar microbleeds on MRI$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Lobar microbleeds (LMB) are increasingly identified on brain MRI of older adults, suggesting a diagnosis of cerebral amyloid angiopathy (CAA) in the absence of intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH). Identifying the baseline characteristics and risk of future ICH of these subjects is important to understand their prognosis and safety of antithrombotic use in this setting. METHODS: Baseline characteristics (demographics, risk factors, APOE genotype), markers of CAA severity (LMB counts, white matter hyperintensity volume), and finally outcomes during a mean follow up of 4 years (incidence rate of ICH and case-fatality) were compared between 62 CAA patients without and 747 with ICH diagnosed using Boston criteria upon enrollment. The association between antithrombotic use and risk of incident ICH was explored in patients presenting with isolated LMBs after adjusting for covariates listed above. RESULTS: Female gender (52% vs. 37% p=0.023) and hypertension (67% vs. 53% p=0.025) were more common in patients presenting with ICH, other baseline characteristics did not differ. Patients presenting without ICH had more LMBs (median 10 vs. 1 p<0.001), and higher white matter hyperintensity volume (38cc±32 vs. 27cc ±24 p=0.008) than patients with ICH even after correction for other covariates. Patients without ICH on enrollment had a lower but non-trivial incidence rate of ICH during follow-up (4.8 per 100 person-years vs. 9 per 100 person-years; RR: 0.56, 95%CI 0.27-0.97). The case-fatality rates were similar between these groups (p=0.5). In patients presenting without ICH, the use of Warfarin was an independent predictor of future ICH (p=0.02) in the multivariate model. Patients using either ASA 325mg/day OR Clopidogrel OR ASA/Dipyridamol had higher risk of future ICH (p=.049) but this association did not remain significant in multivariate model. Use of ASA 81mg daily was not a predictor of incident ICH risk. CONCLUSIONS: Patients presenting with LMBs on MRI have a clinical, genetic, and neuroimaging profile suggestive of severe CAA pathology. They have a considerable risk of incident ICH albeit lower than patients who had a prior lobar ICH. The use of warfarin increases the risk of future ICH in patients with isolated LMBs on MRI. ER  - 
Single-center experience with dual antiplatelet therapy management in patients treated with the pipeline embolization device$$$ Purpose: To determine the number of clopidogrel or prasugrel dose adjustments needed and final DAT regimen used to maintain patients undergoing Pipeline Embolization Device (PED) procedures within a target P2Y12 inhibition range. Methods: We recorded the number of clopidogrel or prasugrel dose adjustments, final DAT regimen and thromboembolic and hemorrhagic complications in patients undergoing PED procedures at our institution over an 8-month period. P2Y12 inhibition was measured with VerifyNow 10 and 30 days after dose adjustments (target range 80-200 P2Y12 reaction units). Patients received 325mg aspirin daily. Results: Forty-four patients underwent PED procedures at our institution during the study period, 36 female and 8 male, mean age 59 years (median 63 years, range 31-81 years). Thirteen patients did not require dose adjustments to remain within the target P2Y12 inhibition range (30%). Thirty-one patients required dose adjustments to remain within the target P2Y12 inhibition range (70%), with a mean of 2.1 dose adjustments per patient (median 2, range 1-5), and a mean time from initiation of DAT to last dose adjustment of 47.5 days (median 42 days, range 8-149 days). Four patients exceeded the target P2Y12 inhibition range after a dose adjustment (13%, 3 prasugrel, 1 clopidogrel), without complications. The table summarizes the final DAT regimen and associated major thromboembolic and hemorrhagic complications leading to death or a permanent neurological deficit in our cohort. Most major complications (80%) occurred in patients who were outside the target P2Y12 inhibition range shortly before or at the time of the complication. Conclusion: The majority of patients undergoing PED procedures in our cohort (70%) required an average of 2 clopidogrel or prasugrel dose adjustments to remain within a target P2Y12 inhibition range. Future research is needed to determine if active management of DAT may decrease the risk of major complications after PED procedures. ER  - 
Prevalence of non-responsiveness to antiplatelet therapy in patients undergoing treatment of cerebral aneurysms utilizing flow diversion with the pipeline embolization device$$$ Introduction: Flow-diversion has emerged as a novel treatment for complex cerebral aneurysms. Although preliminary reports suggest flow-diverting devices are safe and effective, the risk of thromboembolic and hemorrhagic complications must be balanced with the added risk of dual antiplatelet therapy. Although the prevalence of antiplatelet therapy non-responsiveness (NR) has been associated with adverse cardiac events in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS), it has has not been studied in patients treated with these devices. Methods: All patients received clopidogrel 75mg and aspirin 325mg prior to modified light transmittance platelet aggregometry (LTA) using 4 agonists (ADP 5 and 20 uM, arachidonic acid (ACA), and U46619 ). NR was defined as a maximum amplitude (MA) > 60% with ADP 20uM and 40% with ADP 5uM for clopidogrel and a MA >20% with ACA for aspirin. Patients were also assessed for known drug interactions. Chi-square or Fisher's exact tests were used for univariate analyses, and logistic regression was used to identify potential predictors of NR. Results: 79 patients with 98 cerebral aneurysms were treated with the pipeline embolization device (PED). The prevalence of clopidogrel and aspirin NR was 27.6% and 30.3%, respectively. In univariate and multivariate analyses, age, gender, race, presence of drug interactions, history of hypertension, diabetes, ischemic stroke, subarachnoid hemorrhage and smoking were not significant predictors of NR. Conclusions: In our cohort, the prevalence of clopidogrel and aspirin NR was high and similar to that reported in ACS patients. As a result of the rate of NR, patients were evaluated by a virtual antiplatelet clinic and patients with suboptimal LTA results underwent modification of a drug interaction, received double doses of clopidogrel and/or aspirin, or were transitioned to an alternative P2Y12 inhibitor (prasugrel or ticagrelor). The mechanisms underlying antiplatelet NR remain to be further explored to minimize the risk of hemorrhagic complications if more potent antiplatelet therapy is required. ER  - 
The platelet-inhibitor clopidogrel increases risk of bone fractures in stroke patients$$$ Stroke is one of the leading causes of mortality and morbidity worldwide. In the surviving stroke patient the increased functional dependence and cognitive decline often leads to immobilization. Nearly three-quarters of all strokes occur in people over the age of 65, adding to the risk of osteoporosis in these patients. Balance is often impaired after a stroke increasing the risk of falls and in combination with immobilization and advanced age stroke patients have multiple risk factors for fractures. Finally, most stroke patients receive treatment with the platelet (ADP, P2Y12) inhibitor Clopidogrel (Plavix®) which is shown to be associated with increased risk of fractures. The aim of the current study was to investigate the risk of fractures in stroke patients, and to determine whether clopidogrel treatment further increases the risk of fractures. We investigated the association between clopidogrel use and fracture incidence in a nation-wide cohort study performed within the Danish population of approximately 5.3 million individuals. All subjects who were prescribed clopidogrel during the years 1996 to 2008 were included as exposed subjects (n=77,503), and for each exposed subject three subjects of the same age (same birth year) and gender were randomly selected from the background population as controls (n=232,510). Study endpoint was occurrence of stroke or transient ischaemic attack (TIA). Information on fracture occurrence and a number of confounders was obtained through different registers. In the clopidogrel treated group 1.2% had a prior haemorrhagic stroke, 9.3% an ischemic stroke and 7.2% a TIA. In the non-clopidogrel treated group the percentages were 0.9% haemorrhagic stroke, 2.6% ischemic stroke and 2.3% TIA. Stroke patients had a significantly increased risk of fractures, both in the group of haemorrhagic stroke (HR: 1.34, p<0.001) and ischemic stroke (HR: 1.54, p<0.001). Interestingly, also patients with TCI patients had increased risk of fractures (HR: 1.28, p<0.001). Clopidogrel users also had an increased risk of fractures, though the contribution of the clopidogrel-treatment (HR: 1.05, p=0.001) was much less than the contribution of the stroke itself. In conclusion, stroke patients have increased risk of fractures due to a number of factors. One of these, treatment with the platelet-inhibitor clopidogrel, is associated with an increase in risk of fractures, though the contribution is minor compared to the stroke itself. ER  - 
Aspirin and clopidogrel resistance: Possible mechanisms and clinical relevance. Part II: Potential causes and laboratory tests$$$ Recent meta-analyses have indicated that patients with vascular disease demonstrated by laboratory tests to be aspirin or clopidogrel-resistant are at an increased risk of major vascular events. The suggested mechanisms of aspirin resistance include genetic polymorphism, alternative pathways of platelet activation, aspirin-insensitive thromboxane biosynthesis, drug interactions, or a low aspirin dose. Clopidogrel resistance is likely to develop as a result of a decreased bioavailability of the active metabolite, due to genetic variation or concomitant drug treatment. Additional work is required to improve and validate laboratory tests of platelet function, so that they may become useful tools for selection of the most appropriate antiplatelet therapy for an individual patient. Improvements in antiplatelet treatment strategies in the future should lead to a reduction in premature vascular events. ER  - 
Statements of the Malaysian Society of Gastroenterology & Hepatology and the National Heart Association of Malaysia task force 2012 working party on the use of antiplatelet therapy and proton pump inhibitors in the prevention of gastrointestinal bleeding$$$ The working party statements aim to provide evidence and guidelines to practising doctors on the use of antiplatelet therapy and proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) in patients with cardiovascular risk as well as those at risk of gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding. Balancing the GI and cardiovascular risk and benefits of antiplatelet therapy and PPIs may sometimes pose a significant challenge to doctors. Concomitant use of anti-secretory medications has been shown to reduce the risk of GI bleeding but concerns have been raised on the potential interaction of PPIs and clopidogrel. Many new data have emerged on this topic but some can be confusing and at times controversial. These statements examined the supporting evidence in four main areas: rationale for antiplatelet therapy, risk factors of GI bleeding, PPI-clopidogrel interactions and timing for recommencing antiplatelet therapy after GI bleeding, and made appropriate recommendations. © 2012 The Authors. Journal of Digestive Diseases © 2012 Chinese Medical Association Shanghai Branch, Chinese Society of Gastroenterology, Renji Hospital Affiliated to Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine and Wiley Publishing Asia Pty Ltd. ER  - 
Antithrombotic therapy in patients with heart valve prostheses$$$ Heart valve prostheses carry a risk for thrombosis and require an antithrombotic strategy to prevent stroke, systemic embolism, and prosthetic valve thrombosis. Contemporary randomized trials to guide the clinician on the optimal anticoagulant treatment are scarce, and the validity of the historical data for current recommendations can be questioned in view of the changes in valve prostheses, the patient population, and antithrombotic therapies. This limited evidence from clinical trials translates into divergent recommendations from the different scientific societies on the optimal intensity of oral anticoagulation and on the indication for antiplatelet therapy. The availability of new antithrombotic agents and the unclear thrombotic risk of the currently used prostheses underscore the need to redefine antithrombotic treatment in patients with heart valve prostheses. Copyright © 2012 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Comparison of Antiplatelet Efficacy and Tolerability of Clopidogrel Napadisilate With Clopidogrel Bisulfate in Coronary Artery Disease Patients After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Prospective, Multicenter, Randomized, Open-Label, Phase IV, Noninferiority Trial$$$ Background: Clopidogrel bisulfate, a potent antiplatelet agent, has a pivotal role in the prevention and treatment of atherothrombotic disease. Clopidogrel napadisilate, a different salt preparation of clopidogrel, has been developed and approved in Korea and several European countries. Recent studies have suggested that clopidogrel napadisilate might have improved stability and comparable bioequivalence to clopidogrel bisulfate. However, these 2 clopidogrel preparations have not been compared in terms of efficacy and tolerability in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Objective: We sought to investigate the antiplatelet efficacy and safety profile of clopidogrel napadisilate compared with clopidogrel bisulfate in CAD patients. Methods:This was a randomized, multicenter, open-label, Phase IV, noninferiority clinical trial. We prospectively recruited CAD patient in 6 institutions in Korea between October 2010 and November 2011. Patients who underwent PCI were randomly assigned to the test group (clopidogrel napadisilate plus aspirin) or control group (clopidogrel bisulfate plus aspirin). Antiplatelet efficacy and safety profile were assessed after 4 weeks of maintenance treatment. The primary end point was noninferiority of the percentage of P2Y12 inhibition, measured by point-of-care assay. The rate of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), as a secondary end point, was compared between the 2 clopidogrel preparations. To assess tolerability, we evaluated the incidence, severity, and causal relation of adverse events (AEs) of 2 groups. Results A total of 169 patients were screened, and 127 patients completed the study (64 in the test group and 63 in the control group; P = 0.296). The baseline characteristics of patients did not differ significantly between the treatment groups. The between-group difference in percentage of P2Y12 inhibition did not exceed the prespecified limit for noninferiority P for noninferiority = 0.032; 95% CI, -8.33 to 5.53). With respect to the risk of MACE, no significant difference was found in the incidence of myocardial infarction or stroke between the groups (1 in the test group and 2 in the control group; P > 0.99); no mortality was reported in either group. The tolerability of clopidogrel napadisilate was comparable with that of clopidogrel bisulfate in terms of all AEs, drug-related AEs, and serious AEs (all AEs: test group, 33.3%; control group, 32.9% [P > 0.99]; drug-related AEs: test group, 4.17%; control group, 0% [P = 0.113]; serious AEs: test group, 1.39%; control group, 5.26% [P=0.367]). Conclusions: In this study of CAD Korean patients who have undergone PCI, the antiplatelet efficacy of clopidogrel napadisilate was noninferior to that of clopidogrel bisulfate after 4 weeks of maintenance treatment. No statistically significant difference was found in tolerability between the 2 treatment groups. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01584791. © 2013 Elsevier HS Journals, Inc. ER  - 
Consistency of drug-drug and gene-drug interaction information in US FDA-approved drug labels$$$ Aim: To characterize concordance between clinically relevant drug-drug interactions (DDIs) related to CYP2C19, CYP2D6 and CYP2C9 and their analogous gene-drug interactions (GDIs) in US FDA-approved drug labeling. Methods: We selected prototypical CYP2C19, CYP2D6 and CYP2C9 inhibitors and abstracted all respective interacting drugs via a tertiary resource used in the clinical setting. We then selected only CYP2C19, CYP2D6 and CYP2C9 metabolism-related DDIs requiring enhanced clinical monitoring, dose adjustment or use of alternative drugs. Labeling and management strategies on DDIs and GDIs were compared. Results: Among the drug labels with DDI information, 73% of them describe the analogous GDI. Of the 65 drug labels, 43 and 17% had specific management recommendations for DDIs and GDIs, respectively. In general, GDI management recommendations were concordant with DDI management recommendations in terms of specific dose adjustments or use of alternative drugs. Conclusion: The FDA has recognized genetic differences in drug metabolism where clinically relevant DDIs trigger dose adjustment or use of alternative drugs. © 2013 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Genetic testing in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: A cost-effectiveness analysis$$$ Background: The CYP2C19 genotype is a predictor of adverse cardiovascular events in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) treated with clopidogrel. Objectives: We aimed to evaluate the cost-effectiveness of a CYP2C19*2 genotype-guided strategy of antiplatelet therapy in ACS patients undergoing PCI, compared with two 'no testing' strategies (empiric clopidogrel or prasugrel). Methods: We developed a Markov model to compare three strategies. The model captured adverse cardiovascular events and antiplatelet-related complications. Costs were expressed in 2010 US dollars and estimated using diagnosis-related group codes and Medicare reimbursement rates. The net wholesale price for prasugrel was estimated as $5.45 per day. A generic estimate for clopidogrel of $1.00 per day was used and genetic testing was assumed to cost $500. Results: Base case analyses demonstrated little difference between treatment strategies. The genetic testing-guided strategy yielded the most QALYs and was the least costly. Over 15months, total costs were $18 lower with a gain of 0.004 QALY in the genotype-guided strategy compared with empiric clopidogrel, and $899 lower with a gain of 0.0005 QALY compared with empiric prasugrel. The strongest predictor of the preferred strategy was the relative risk of thrombotic events in carriers compared with wild-type individuals treated with clopidogrel. Above a 47% increased risk, a genotype-guided strategy was the dominant strategy. Above a clopidogrel cost of $3.96 per day, genetic testing was no longer dominant but remained cost-effective. Conclusions: Among ACS patients undergoing PCI, a genotype-guided strategy yields similar outcomes to empiric approaches to treatment, but is marginally less costly and more effective. © 2012 International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis. ER  - 
Moving toward a more ideal anticoagulant: The oral direct thrombin and factor Xa inhibitors$$$ Thromboembolic diseases are common. Heparins and the vitamin K antagonists have been the mainstay of therapy for >60 years, but both classes of agents have limitations. The "ideal" anticoagulant should be as effective and safe as heparin and vitamin K antagonists but should also be available in both a parenteral and an oral formulation, have predictable pharmacokinetics, and lack significant toxicities unrelated to the anticoagulant activity. Moreover, it should target a specific coagulation factor and have an antidote that leads to rapid reversal. There are now agents that fulfill some of these criteria. Here we review the pharmacology and effectiveness of the oral activated factor X inhibitors rivaroxaban and apixaban and the oral direct thrombin inhibitor dabigatran. These agents have undergone extensive phase 3 testing and are currently approved for various indications in the United States, Canada, or Europe. Rivaroxaban is approved in the United States for VTE prevention after major orthopedic surgery and for stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation and is approved in Europe and Canada for secondary prevention of VTE. Apixaban is currently under review by the US Food and Drug Administration for stroke prevention and is approved in Europe for VTE prevention following major orthopedic surgery. Dabigatran is approved in the United States for stroke prevention in nonvalvular atrial fibrillation and is being reviewed for secondary prevention of VTE. © 2013 American College of Chest Physicians. ER  - 
Novel anti-platelet agents for the treatment of stable angina pectoris$$$ Antiplatelet treatment is an important element in the medical treatment of patients with stable angina. Single antiplatelet therapy with low-dose aspirin is recommended in the absence of contraindications in all patients with diagnosed chronic stable angina and ischemic heart disease. Dual antiplatelet therapy is recommended initially for all patients with stable angina undergoing elective angioplasty with the duration of P2Y12 antagonist administration depending on the type of coronary stent. Despite the demonstrated clinical benefit in a wide range of patients, residual risk of ischemic events with aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor has also been attributed to the fact that these agents do not inhibit all pathways involved in platelet activation and aggregation. Other platelet activation pathways, including the PAR-1 pathway activated by thrombin (the most potent platelet activator), remain active in the presence of current antiplatelet agents. A combination of current therapies with novel agents could provide more comprehensive platelet inhibition leading to incremental decrease of cardiovascular events at the expense of increased bleeding risk. The current review presents traditional and novel antiplatelet treatment options and discusses the indications for aggressive antiplatelet management in patients with stable angina pectoris. © 2013 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Stroke prevention: From available antiplatelet drugs to novel molecular targets$$$ Stroke is the third most common cause of death in the industrialized countries and adequate primary and secondary prevention strategies are mandatory. In addition to lifestyle-changes and correction of cardiovascular risk factors, the mainstay of the atherothrombotic stroke prevention is represented by antiplatelet treatment. Although aspirin and thienopyridines have proved their efficacy in the prevention of arterial thrombotic events, limited efficacy, increased risk of bleeding, significant inter-individual variability in the response and extended duration of action that cannot be reversed if the need for haemostasis or emergency surgery arises represent major limitations of these drugs. Moreover, despite recommendations and guidelines about stroke prevention, registries data clearly suggest an underuse of antiplatelet drugs, mainly because of bleeding episodes fear. At variance with newer anticoagulant drugs, which showed a series of advantages as compared with the traditional warfarin treatment, newer antiplatelet drugs have only partially overcome these limitations. Although ad hoc studies on their efficacy in the stroke prevention are currently lacking, newer antiplatelet agents (mainly ticagrelor and prasugrel) do not provide a significant better protection over and above aspirin and/or clopidogrel in the prevention of atherothrombotic stroke. In addition, a significantly increased bleeding risk has been reported in subjects receiving these new thienopyridines. According to these data, the identification of further molecular targets is needed, in order to design future antiplatelet drugs. In this review, after summarizing major literature data about traditional and newer antiplatelet drugs, we will specifically focus on novel potential target candidates for antiplatelet therapy. © 2013 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Novel direct-acting anticoagulants for risk reduction in ACS$$$ Acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is a devastating adverse cardiovascular event with a massive burden on patient morbility and mortality, as well as the economy. Approximately 1.2 million people are hospitalized annually for ACS in the United States, with direct medical costs estimated at $150 billion in 2009. Rehospitalization is common, often as the result of recurrence of the initial event or complications of ACS or its therapy. Thrombosis is central to the pathogenesis of ACS. The current standard of care includes dual antiplatelet therapy, which reduces platelet activation and aggregation, integral steps for forming a thrombus. However, antiplatelet therapy does not prevent continued thrombin generation or the deposition of fibrin in the clot and residual risk of a recurrent event remains high. New oral anticoagulants offer a mechanism of action that is different from and complementary to that of antiplatelet agents. The ATLAS ACS-TIMI 51 (Anti-Xa Therapy to Lower Cardiovascular Events in Addition to Standard Therapy in Subjects with Acute Coronary Syndrome-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction 51) trial, using rivaroxaban, is the first trial of the new oral anticoagulants to show a benefit when added to antiplatelet therapy in reducing ACS events and mortality. While there was more major bleeding with the addition of rivaroxaban, fatal bleeding was not increased. These agents, if added to the current standard of care, might substantially reduce the high clinical and economic consequences of ACS. © 2012 The Author(s). ER  - 
Thrombin Receptor Antagonism in Antiplatelet Therapy$$$ Activated platelets play a crucial role in the pathogenesis of atherothrombotic disease and its complications. Even under treatment of antiplatelet drugs, such as acetylsalicylic acid and P2Y12 antagonists, morbidity and mortality rates of thromboembolic complications remain high. Hence, the therapeutic inhibition of protease-activated receptor (PAR)-1, which is activated by thrombin, is a novel promising approach in antiplatelet therapy. Recent data suggest that PAR-1 is mainly involved in pathological thrombus formation, but not in physiological hemostasis. Therefore, PAR-1 inhibition offers the possibility to reduce atherothrombotic events without increasing bleeding risk. So far, two emerging PAR-1 antagonists have been tested in clinical trials: vorapaxar (SCH530349; Merck & Co., Whitehouse Station, NJ, USA) and atopaxar (E5555; Eisai, Tokyo, Japan). Although in TRA-CER vorapaxar showed an unfavorable profile for patients with acute coronary syndrome in addition to standard therapy, it revealed promising results for patients with prior myocardial infarction in TRA 2P-TIMI50. Depending on the status of clinical approval, vorapaxar might be an option for patients with peripheral arterial disease to reduce limb ischemia. The second PAR-I antagonist, atopaxar, tended towards reducing major cardiovascular adverse events in acute coronary syndrome patients in a phase II trial. However, although statistically not significant, bleeding events were numerically increased in atopaxar-treated patients compared with placebo. Furthermore, liver enzymes were elevated and the relative corrected QT interval was prolonged in atopaxar-treated patients. Currently, the development of atopaxar by Eisai is discontinued. The future of this novel class of antithrombotic drugs will depend on the identification of patient groups in which the risk-benefit ratio is favorable. © 2013 The Author(s). ER  - 
Optimal Choice of Coronary Revascularization and Stent Type in Diabetic Patients with Coronary Artery Disease$$$ Patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) are prone to a diffuse and accelerated form of coronary artery disease (CAD), which in turn is a major cause of cardiac-related morbidity and mortality. Compared with patients without diabetes, patients with diabetes undergoing coronary revascularization are at higher risk of procedural, short-, and long-term cardiovascular events and mortality. Although coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) has been regarded as the primary revascularization strategy in diabetic patients with complex CAD, percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) is an effective revascularization alternative, due to remarkable advances in stent devices and adjunctive drug therapies. Outcomes data, from subgroup analyses and small-sized clinical trials and large registries, have suggested that PCI with current stent technology showed comparable long-term risks of mortality and hard endpoints, but higher risk of repeat revascularization for the diabetic population compared to CABG. However, the recent landmark International Future REvascularization Evaluation in patients with diabetes mellitus: optimal management of Multivessel disease (FREEDOM) trial provides compelling evidence of the superiority of CABG over PCI in reducing the rates of death, myocardial infarction, at the expense of stroke, in patients with diabetes with advanced CAD. When opting for PCI in patients with diabetes, currently used drug-eluting stents (DES) are more efficient in reducing the risk of repeat revascularization without compromising safety outcomes, compared to bare-metal stents. The selection of a specific type of DES in patients with diabetes is controversial and therefore more data comparing second- and newer-generation DES for patients with diabetes are currently needed. Also, efforts to make more advanced DES platforms suitable for patients with diabetes with complicated angiographic features are still ongoing. © 2013 Author(s). ER  - 
Differential prognostic impact of high on-treatment platelet reactivity among patients with acute coronary syndromes versus stable coronary artery disease undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Background: High on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) after clopidogrel is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular events after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). However, it remains unclear whether HTPR is of similar prognostic value for different clinical presentations. Methods: We compared the prognostic impact of HTPR, measured by the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay (Accumetrics, San Diego, CA), on outcomes between 1,095 patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and 1,329 patients with stable coronary artery disease (CAD) who were treated with PCI. Before PCI, patients received optimal clopidogrel treatment (75 mg daily for at least 5 days or if <5 days, 300-600 mg loading), and platelet reactivity was measured at 24 to 48 hours after PCI. The primary end point was a composite of death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, or stroke. Results: During follow-up (median, 22.0 months), HTPR was independently associated with higher risks of the primary end point (hazard ratio [HR] 2.03, 95% CI 1.30-3.18, P =.002) and mortality (HR 3.46, 95% CI 1.18-10.18, P =.02) in patients with ACS. By contrast, for patients with stable CAD, HTPR was not associated with adjusted risks of the primary end point (HR 1.00, 95% CI 0.71-1.39, P =.98) or mortality (HR 0.74, 95% CI 0.36-1.51, P =.41). Significant interactions were present between HTPR status and clinical presentations for the primary end point (P =.02) and mortality (P =.04). Conclusion: There was a substantial interaction between platelet reactivity on clopidogrel and clinical presentations on cardiovascular events after PCI. High on-treatment platelet reactivity was significantly associated with higher risks of cardiovascular events in ACS patients, whereas this association was absent in stable CAD patients. © 2013 Mosby, Inc. ER  - 
Relationship of CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 gene polymorphism with clopidogrel response variability and recurrent cardiovascular events in Chinese patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Background/Aims: The study was conducted to assess the influence of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on clopidogrel response variability and recurrent cardiovascular (CV) events in Chinese patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods: Platelet aggregation induced by 5 and 20 μmol/l adenosine diphosphate was measured in 109 patients at baseline, 12 h and 36 h after loading with 300 mg of clopidogrel. The primary end point was recurrent CV events, and the follow-up was scheduled at 1, 3, 6 and 12 months after PCI. The polymorphisms of CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 were genotyped by DNA sequencing analysis. Results: The maximal aggregation rates and inhibition of platelet aggregation among CYP2C19*1/*1, CYP2C19*1/*2 or *3 and CYP2C19*2/*2 or *3 genotypes were significantly different at 12 and 36 h after clopidogrel loading dose administration. Multiple linear regression analysis demonstrated that CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 might be predictors of clopidogrel response variability. During the 12-month follow-up, recurrent CV events occurred in 21 (19.63%) patients, and there were 5 (6.47%) deaths, 3 (2.80%) cases of ischemic stroke and 14 (13.1%) cases of acute coronary syndrome. Carriers of at least one CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele (*1/*2 or *3, *2/*2 or *3) incurred a 3.65-fold increase (95% CI 1.07-12.38; p = 0.038) in the risk of recurrent CV events 1 year after PCI compared to noncarriers (*1/*1). Conclusion: Polymorphisms in CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 contribute to variabilities in clopidogrel responsiveness. Patients carrying at least one CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele (CYP2C19*2, *3) are associated with an increased risk of recurrent CV events undergoing PCI. Copyright © 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Novel oral anticoagulants for atrial fibrillation$$$ Three novel oral anticoagulants (NOACS)— dabigatran etexilate, rivaroxaban, and apixaban—have been approved in many countries for stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation, because they are associated with the same or lower rates of stroke, bleeding (particularly intracranially) and death compared with warfarin; and unlike warfarin, they can be given in fixed doses without routine coagulation monitoring. The effects of NOACs compared with warfarin are consistent in almost all populations and patient subgroups studied. Pharmacoeconomic analyses indicate that the NOACs are also cost-effective in Europe and North America. The lack of an antidote to the NOACs in patients who experience major bleeding has not been associated with a worse outcome among patients treated with NOACs compared with warfarin in secondary analyses. Multiple guidelines for the management of AF now recommend the NOACs for stroke prevention among atrial fibrillation (AF) patients at risk for stroke. ER  - 
Genetic profiles in ischaemic stroke$$$ Stroke represents a clinical syndrome rather than a single disease. A number of stroke subtypes can be distinguished based on careful phenotyping, with each of these having distinct and overlapping risk factor profiles. Recent evidence has suggested that genetics plays an important part in stroke risk, with at least 2 genes specific to stroke risk directly now having been identified. This review will explore our current understanding of the genetics underlying stroke risk and whether this information is currently useful in a clinical setting for patient benefit. ER  - 
Impact of the CYP2C19*17 polymorphism on the clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in Asian patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ The impact of the CYP2C19*17 polymorphism on the clinical outcome in Asians undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) is unknown. We sought to assess the long-term impact of CYP2C19*17 on the risk for adverse clinical events in 2188 Korean patients taking clopidogrel after PCI. The prevalence of the CYP2C19*17 allele [*wt/*17: 2.4% (n=53), *17/*17: 0%] was very low. The 2-year cumulative event rates for bleeding [*wt/*17 vs. *wt/*wt: 2 vs. 2.3%; adjusted hazard ratio (HR), 1.23; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.16-9.45], stent thrombosis (2 vs. 1.1%; HR, 3.98; 95% CI, 0.49-31.6) or composite of any death, and myocardial infarction or stroke (5.4 vs. 7.1%; HR, 1.37; 95% CI, 0.32-5.73) did not differ on the basis of the presence of CYP2C19*17. In conclusion, in our study population of Asian patients, the CYP2C19*17 polymorphism was not associated with adverse clinical outcomes after PCI because of its low prevalence, the rarity of homozygotes, and the relatively low rate of adverse clinical events. © 2013 Wolters Kluwer Health Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. ER  - 
Concomitant administration of clopidogrel with statins or calcium-channel blockers: Insights from the TRITON-TIMI 38 (Trial to Assess Improvement in Therapeutic Outcomes by Optimizing Platelet Inhibition with Prasugrel- Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction 38)$$$ Objectives This study sought to evaluate the clinical relevance of potential clopidogrel drug-drug interactions. Background Some studies have demonstrated that statins and calcium-channel blockers (CCBs) may attenuate the pharmacodynamic effects of clopidogrel. Methods The TRITON-TIMI 38 (Trial to Assess Improvement in Therapeutic Outcomes by Optimizing Platelet Inhibition With Prasugrel-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction 38) enrolled 13,608 patients with an acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and planned percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), and randomized them to clopidogrel or prasugrel. Use of a statin or CCB was left to the discretion of the treating physician. A multivariable Cox model with propensity score was employed to evaluate the association between statin or CCB use and clinical outcomes. Results Of the 6,795 subjects assigned to clopidogrel, 4,794 (70.6%) were on a CYP3A4-metabolized statin, and 966 (14.2%) were on a CCB at randomization. The risk of cardiovascular (CV) death, myocardial infarction (MI), or stroke was similar regardless of baseline use of statins (adjusted hazard ratio [HR]: 1.02, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.85 to 1.22) or CCBs (adjusted HR: 1.16; 95% CI: 0.94 to 1.43) in clopidogrel-treated patients. Further, the combined use of a CCB and atorvastatin 80 mg daily (adjusted HR: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.37 to 1.84), or a CCB, statin, and proton pump inhibitor (adjusted HR: 1.04; 95% CI: 0.70 to 1.54) were not associated with an increased risk of CV death, MI, or stroke. The use of statins or CCBs did not modify the relative efficacy of prasugrel versus clopidogrel for the primary endpoint (p for interaction = 0.43, 0.55, respectively). Conclusions In patients with ACS undergoing PCI, the use of statins or CCBs was not associated with an increased risk of CV events in clopidogrel-treated patients. Consistent results were observed when the drugs were administered alone, together, or in combination with proton pump inhibitors. © 2013 BY THE AMERICAN COLLEGE OF CARDIOLOGY FOUNDATION PUBLISHED BY ELSEVIER INC. ER  - 
Exploring the ticagrelor-statin interplay in the PLATO trial$$$ Context: Much emphasis has been placed on a ticagrelor-aspirin (ASA) interaction in the Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial, despite this particular interaction being inconclusive. However, a potential ticagrelor-statin interplay occurred and may be important in PLATO, especially considering the remarkable and yet unexplained mortality advantage. Objective: To explore the ticagrelor-statin interaction in the PLATO trial. Results: The background statin use in hospital or at discharge was similar between ticagrelor (89.7%) and clopidogrel (89.2%) PLATO arms, respectively. In patients on statins, ticagrelor significantly decreased all-cause mortality (30 day and through study end), vascular mortality (30 day and through study end) and exhibited a trend in benefit for 30-day major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) compared to clopidogrel: hazard ratio, HR = 0.55, 95% confidence interval, CI = 0.36-0.84 (p = 0.005), and HR = 0.69, 95% CI = 0.52-0.92 (p = 0.012); HR = 0.70, 95% CI = 0.51-0.96 (p = 0.030), and HR = 0.68, 95% CI = 0.49-0.94 (p = 0.020), and HR = 0.75, 95% CI = 0.55-1.01 (p = 0.057), respectively. These results may be attributed to the fact that ticagrelor, in contrast to clopidogrel, significantly increases the potency of CYP3A4-metabolized statins, which in turn may increase the vascular benefit derived from the statin, giving an unfair advantage to ticagrelor. Moreover, inappropriate statin dosing restrictions (underdosing of simvastatin and lovastatin) were deliberately utilized in PLATO, potentially contributing to the beneficial effect of ticagrelor. Conclusions: In patients on statins, both vascular and all-cause mortality rates were significantly reduced with ticagrelor in the PLATO trial. However, this benefit may in part be driven by an increased efficacy of CYP3A4-metabolized statins on top of ticagrelor and/or from the inappropriate dose restriction of simvastatin and lovastatin in the clopidogrel arm. ER  - 
Relationship of CYP2C19∗2 and CYP2C19∗3 gene polymorphism with clopidogrel response variability and recurrent cardiovascular events in chinese patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Background/Aims: The study was conducted to assess the influence of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on clopidogrel response variability and recurrent cardiovascular (CV) events in Chinese patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods: Platelet aggregation induced by 5 and 20 μmol/l adenosine diphosphate was measured in 109 patients at baseline, 12 h and 36 h after loading with 300 mg of clopidogrel. The primary end point was recurrent CV events, and the follow-up was scheduled at 1, 3, 6 and 12 months after PCI. The polymorphisms of CYP2C19∗2 and CYP2C19∗3 were genotyped by DNA sequencing analysis. Results: The maximal aggregation rates and inhibition of platelet aggregation among CYP2C19∗1/∗1, CYP2C19∗1/∗2 or ∗3 and CYP2C19∗2/∗2 or ∗3 genotypes were significantly different at 12 and 36 h after clopidogrel loading dose administration. Multiple linear regression analysis demonstrated that CYP2C19∗2 and CYP2C19∗3 might be predictors of clopidogrel response variability. During the 12-month follow-up, recurrent CV events occurred in 21 (19.63%) patients, and there were 5 (6.47%) deaths, 3 (2.80%) cases of ischemic stroke and 14 (13.1%) cases of acute coronary syndrome. Carriers of at least one CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele (∗1/∗2 or ∗3, ∗2/∗2 or ∗3) incurred a 3.65-fold increase (95% CI 1.07-12.38; p = 0.038) in the risk of recurrent CV events 1 year after PCI compared to noncarriers (∗1/∗1). Conclusion: Polymorphisms in CYP2C19∗2 and CYP2C19∗3 contribute to variabilities in clopidogrel responsiveness. Patients carrying at least one CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele (CYP2C19∗2, ∗3) are associated with an increased risk of recurrent CV events undergoing PCI. ER  - 
Clopidogrel use is associated with an increased prevalence of cerebral microbleeds in a stroke-free population: The rotterdam study$$$ Background--Although clopidogrel reduces the incidence of atherothrombotic events, its use is associated with an increased risk of major bleeding. Cerebral microbleeds (CMBs) are indicative of subclinical microangiopathy in the brain and may prelude symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage. We examined the association between use of clopidogrel and CMBs in persons without a history of stroke. Methods and Results--We performed a cross-sectional analysis using data from the Rotterdam Study, a prospective population-based cohort of persons aged 45 years and older. Among 4408 stroke-free individuals who underwent brain magnetic resonance imaging for the detection of CMBs, we identified 121 ever-users and 4287 never-users of clopidogrel before magnetic resonance imaging. We used multiple logistic regression to analyze the association between clopidogrel and CMBs with adjustment for age, sex, cardiovascular risk factors, and common cardiovascular medication. Users of clopidogrel had a higher prevalence of CMBs (odd ratio 1.55, 95% CI 1.01 to 2.37) than nonusers and more often had a high number (> 4) of CMBs (odds ratio 3.19, 95% CI 1.52 to 6.72). Clopidogrel use was associated with a significantly higher prevalence of deep or infratentorial CMBs (odd ratio 1.90, 95% CI 1.05 to 3.45). Among clopidogrel users, we were unable to demonstrate differences in the prevalence of CMBs by indication of prescription, history of coronary heart disease, or common genetic variants in CYP2C19. Conclusions--In stroke-free individuals, clopidogrel use was associated with a higher prevalence and higher number of CMBs. Whether this association is causal requires confirmation in prospective studies, especially given the small number of participants taking clopidogrel and the possibility of residual confounding in this study. ER  - 
First large-scale platelet function evaluation in an acute coronary syndromes trial - The TRILOGY ACS platelet function sub-study$$$ Background: The role of platelet function testing for delineating the prognosis of patients with acute coronary syndromes treated with antiplatelet therapy has not been evaluated in a large-scale trial. Methods: TRILOGY ACS is a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized trial comparing prasugrel (10 or 5 mg/d) + aspirin vs. clopidogrel (75 mg/d) + aspirin in 9,326 high-risk UA/NSTEMI patients managed medically without revascularization. A 5 mg prasugrel maintenance dose was given for those ≥75 y and/or<60 kg; all others received a 10 mg dose. All subjects at sites participating in the platelet function sub-study had the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay performed before study drug and at 1, 3, 6, 12, 18, 24 and 30 months. Stratification by pre-randomization use of clopidogrel was: Stratum 1 - no clopidogrel; Stratum 2 - started on clopidogrel in-hospital before randomization; Stratum 3 - home maintenance clopidogrel continued until randomization. The primary clinical endpoint was CV death, MI, or stroke. Bleeding was assessed with TIMI and GUSTO scales. Results: From 2008 -2011, 2690 patients (28% of the total trial population) were enrolled in 25 countries. The United States, Ukraine, India, China, and Bulgaria were the top enrolling countries. Baseline characteristics for the sub-study patients (Table) are representative of the overall trial population. Final sub-study results will be available for an AHA 2012 presentation. The primary hypothesis is that a lower risk of the primary clinical endpoint will be seen among patients with a lower level of platelet aggregation (tested as a time-dependent covariate in a Cox regression model). Similar analyses will be performed for bleeding endpoints. Conclusions: The TRILOGY platelet function sub-study (the largest and most global study of platelet function measurements) will delineate the role of platelet function testing for determining the prognosis of patients treated with antiplatelet therapy post-UA/NSTEMI. (Table presented). ER  - 
Development and clinical use of prasugrel and ticagrelor$$$ Anti-platelet agents have left an indelible impression in the management of a wide range of pathologies. From the earliest therapeutic agents such as aspirin, to the cutting edge agents still undergoing development, they have the capability to powerfully manipulate platelet biology, a central player in thrombosis. The use of these agents is still subject to a number of important limitations that two newer agents, prasugrel and ticagrelor, aim to address. Both have recently received licensing for use in acute coronary syndromes and promise to improve outcomes for patients. Here, we examine the rationale for the development and clinical integration of antiplatelet agents focusing upon prasugrel and ticagrelor. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Challenges and perspectives of antiplatelet therapy in patients with diabetes mellitus and coronary artery disease$$$ Patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) have accelerated atherosclerosis, which explains their high risk of cardiovascular disease and atherothrombotic complications. Among the several factors contributing to the prothrombotic condition which characterize patients with DM, platelet hyperreactivity is of major relevance since platelets play a key role in the development of atherosclerosis and its atherothrombotic complications. A number of mechanisms contribute to platelet dysfunction and affect the adhesion, activation and, aggregation phases of platelet-mediated thrombosis. In addition, DM is associated with a high prevalence of reduced pharmacodynamic response to standard oral antiplatelet treatment regimens. The latter may contribute to explain the fact that despite the use of recommended antiplatelet treatment strategies, the presence of DM has been consistently associated with a high rate of adverse recurrent cardiovascular events. Therefore, several new antiplatelet treatment strategies have been developed in order to optimize platelet inhibition: a) modification of dosing of commonly used agents; b) use of new agents; and c) addition of a third antiplatelet drug (triple therapy). The present review manuscript aims to provide an overview on the current status of knowledge on platelet abnormalities that characterize patients with DM, focusing on the challenges and perspectives of antiplatelet treatment strategies in this population. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Pharmacogenetics of clopidogrel$$$ Clopidogrel used in conjunction with aspirin has a central role in the treatment of patients with an acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and/or undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). The pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic responses to this drug are highly variable leaving up to one third of patients with inadequate platelet inhibition or high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR), and subsequent increased ischemic cardiovascular events. Genetic variability in drug absorption and metabolism is a key factor responsible for the inefficient generation of the active drug metabolite. The two-step hepatic cytochrome P450 (CYP)-dependant oxidative metabolism of the prodrug appears to be of particular importance. Pharmacogenomic analyses have identified loss-of-function variant alleles of CYP 2C19 and specifically the 2C19*2 allele, to be the predominant genetic mediators of the antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel. Carriers were have been shown to have lower active metabolite levels of clopidogrel, higher platelet reactivity and associated poorer outcomes. Rapid and accurate point-of-care genetic tests to identify these alleles are currently in development but several questions about the role of such testing remain such as patient selection and whether personalized treatment based on genotype has a positive impact on clinical outcome. At present, genetic testing cannot be recommended in routine clinical practice due to insufficient prospective data. However, the significant body of research published to date suggests a likely role when used in combination with platelet function analysis in ACS patients undergoing stenting who have other known risk factors for recurrent ischemic events. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Risk of bleeding related to antithrombotic treatment in cardiovascular disease$$$ Antithrombotic therapy is a cornerstone of treatment in patients with cardiovascular disease with bleeding being the most feared complication. This review describes the risk of bleeding related to different combinations of antithrombotic drugs used for cardio- vascular disease: acute coronary syndrome (ACS), atrial fibrillation (AF), cerebrovascular (CVD) and peripheral arterial disease (PAD). Different risk assessment schemes and bleeding definitions are compared. The HAS-BLED risk score is recommended in patients with AF and in ACS patients with AF. In patients with ACS with or without a stent dual antiplatelet therapy with a P2Y12 receptor antagonist and acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) is recommended for 12 months, preferable with prasugrel or ticagrelor unless there is an additional indication of warfarin or increased risk of bleeding. In patients with AF, warfarin is recommended if the risk of stroke is moderate to high, but newer emerging antithrombotic drugs will be recommended along with/or preferred to warfarin in the nearby future. Patients with CVD (without cardiogenic causes) are recommended clopidogrel treatment for secondary prevention, where as patients with PAD are recommended ASA or clopidogrel. With future implementation of new antithrombotic treatment regimens as monotherapy and in combinations with antiplatelet therapy, increased focus on risk of thromboembolic events and bleeding and individual tailoring of antithrombotic therapy is warranted. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Tailoring antiplatelet therapy: A step toward individualized therapy to improve clinical outcome?$$$ P2Y12 adenosine di-phosphate (ADP) receptor antagonists are critical to reduce thrombotic recurrences in acute coronary syndromes patients and for those undergoing percutaneous coronary revascularization. Multiple lines of evidence suggest that the level of on-treatment platelet reactivity inhibition with P2Y12 ADP receptor antagonists correlates with thrombotic recurrences. Recent studies observed a relationship between excessive platelet reactivity inhibition and bleedings. Together these data support the potential of platelet reactivity measurement to prevent thrombotic events without increasing bleeding. In the present review we aimed to summarize evidences of a therapeutic window for P2Y12-ADP receptor antagonists and the potential of platelet reactivity monitoring and individualized antiplatelet therapy to optimize the clinical outcome in patients suffering from an acute coronary syndrome or undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Paraoxonase-1 Q192R polymorphism is not associated with clopidogrel response in Chinese stroke patients$$$ It is well known that CYP2C19*2/*2 is associated with attenuated response to clopidogrel, but recent findings indicated that in white patients, paraoxonase-1 (PON1) 192Q/Q was a major determinant of clopidogrel efficacy. The objective of this research was to assess the impact of PON1 Q192R polymorphism on the maximum platelet aggregation (MPA) and the anti-platelet effect of clopidogrel in clopidogrel-treated Chinese stroke patients. The study recruited 183 eligible Chinese stroke patients treated with a loading dose of 300-mg clopidogrel and a 75-mg daily maintenance dose. CYP2C19*2 and PON1 Q192R were genotyped, a subcohort of 13 patients with CYP2C19*2/*2 genotype was excluded. Finally 170 patients with CYP2C19*1/*1 (wild-type homozygotes, n = 87) or CYP2C19*1/*2 (mutant heterozygotes, n = 83) were enrolled in the study population. These patients were divided into three groups according to their PON1 Q192R genotype: wild-type homozygotes, PON1 192QQ, n = 17; mutant heterozygotes, PON1 192QR, n = 81; mutant homozygotes, PON1 192RR, n = 72. MPA was measured by light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) to assess platelet function after seven 75-mg maintenance doses of clopidogrel before discharge. In those patients who were carriers of 1 mutant allele (PON1 Q/R192), ADP-induced MPA were not significantly different compared with wild-type homozygous patients [30.5% (IQR, 17.5 to 49.1%) versus 25.0% (IQR, 10.0 to 52.5%), respectively; P= 0.910]. In addition, in the patients who were carriers of the 2 mutant allele (PON1 R/R192), MPA were also not significantly different from wild-type homozygous patients [29.2% (IQR, 15.0 to 43.4%) versus 25.0% (IQR, 10.0 to 52.5%), respectively; P= 0.717]. Results of amultivariable linear regression model demonstrated that PON1 192R allele carriage was not independently associated with ADP-induced MPA measurements (P = 0.408). PON1 Q192R polymorphism does not seem to exhibit any impact on MPA and clopidogrel response at all. ER  - 
Key articles and guidelines in the management of acute coronary syndrome and in percutaneous coronary intervention: 2012 Update$$$ More than 1 million people in the United States experience an acute coronary syndrome (ACS) every year, and almost 600,000 undergo percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) for treatment of cardiovascular disease. There is a large amount of evidence-based literature to guide appropriate management of these patients. There have been a number of advances in the treatment of these patients over the last several years. Due to the large amount of rapidly available literature concerning the care of patients with ACS or undergoing PCI, clinicians can often find it difficult to keep up with the information needed for optimizing care of these patients. Therefore, we provide the second update to the first compiled bibliography of key articles and guidelines relative to patients with ACS published in Pharmacotherapy in 2004. The initial update was published in Pharmacotherapy in 2007 and also included bibliographies concerning management of patients undergoing PCI. A number of guidelines and practice-changing literature have been published since the update in 2007. Specific areas included in this review are updated summaries of clinical practice guidelines and clinical trials of anticoagulants, antiplatelets, platelet aggregation testing, pharmacogenomics testing in patients taking clopidogrel, clopidogrel loading dose comparisons, clopidogrel and proton pump inhibitor drug interactions, the impact of bleeding in ACS, and statins. As with previous versions of this document, we hope that this compilation will serve as a resource for pharmacists, physicians, nurses, residents, and students responsible for the care of patients with coronary heart disease. ER  - 
Dual antiplatelet therapy for primary and secondary prevention$$$ The concomitant use of aspirin and an ADP receptor (P2Y12) blocker, also known as dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT), has been extensively investigated as a primary and secondary prevention strategy in an effort to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events. In this manuscript the authors review the current guideline recommendations for DAPT and discuss the scientific data that supports these recommendations. Reported are also the scientific knowledge gaps and how future studies are likely to delineate these issues. Incremental knowledge is not likely to be an alternative to individualized care provided by the astute clinician to his patient. In consideration for prescribing DAPT (drug, dosage and duration) the clinician will have to weigh the potential benefits (reduction in death from cardiovascular causes, nonfatal myocardial infarction, and nonfatal stroke) and risks (severe or life-threatening bleeding) for each and every patient. ER  - 
Oral antiplatelet therapy for atherothrombotic disease: Overview of current and emerging treatment options$$$ Clinical presentations of atherothrombotic vascular disease, such as acute coronary syndromes, ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack, and symptomatic peripheral arterial disease, are major causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Platelet activation and aggregation play a seminal role in the arterial thrombus formation that precipitates acute manifestations of atherothrombotic disease. As a result, antiplatelet therapy has become the cornerstone of therapy for the prevention and treatment of atherothrombotic disease. Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and a P2Y12 adenosine diphosphate (ADP) receptor inhibitor, such as clopidogrel or prasugrel, is the current standard-of-care antiplatelet therapy in patients with acute coronary syndromes managed with an early invasive strategy. However, these agents are associated with several important clinical limitations, including significant residual risk for ischemic events, bleeding risk, and variability in the degree of platelet inhibition. The residual risk can be attributed to the fact that aspirin and P2Y12 inhibitors block only the thromboxane A2 and ADP platelet activation pathways but do not affect the other pathways that lead to thrombosis, such as the protease-activated receptor-1 pathway stimulated by thrombin, the most potent platelet agonist. Bleeding risk associated with aspirin and P2Y12 inhibitors can be explained by their inhibitory effects on the thromboxane A2 and ADP pathways, which are critical for protective hemostasis. Interpatient variability in the degree of platelet inhibition in response to antiplatelet therapy may have a genetic component and contribute to poor clinical outcomes. These considerations underscore the clinical need for therapies with a novel mechanism of action that may reduce ischemic events without increasing the bleeding risk. © 2012 Fintel, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Comparative study of efficacy and safety of clopidogrel versus prasugrel in patient with acute coronary syndrome$$$ The aim of the study was to compare efficacy and safety of prasugrel, a new thienopyridine, versus clopidogrel in patient with acute coronary syndrome for this we randomly assigned 48 patients with moderate-to-high-risk acute coronary syndromes with scheduled percutaneous coronary intervention to receive prasugrel (a 60-mg loading dose and a 10-mg daily maintenance dose) or clopidogrel (a 300-mg loading dose and a 75-mg daily maintenance dose), for 2 months. The primary efficacy end point was reduction in risk of the occurrence of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke & rehospitalization for recurrent Unstable Angina (Efficacy end point) and reduction in risk of haemorrhage (Safety end point). While the Secondary end points were Platelet aggregation measures. From result of our study it was observed that prasugrel was superior in terms of efficacy and safety as compared to clopidogrel except the bleeding event which was found higher in prasugrel group. Thus the superiority of both the loading dose and maintenance dose of prasugrel compared with the standard dose of clopidogrel emphasizes the benefits of high level of inhibition of platelet aggregation by P2Y12 receptor inhibition prevents the cardiac events in patient of acute coronary syndrome. The greatest risk of the more aggressive antiplatelet regimen with prasugrel is bleeding. So efforts to minimize the risk of excess bleeding with prasugrel are needed. Although our results suggest that prasugrel seems to be a better option than clopidogrel, long term studies with a larger population size and for a longer follow up duration are required to confirm the superiority of prasugrel as compared to clopidogrel in Indian patients with acute coronary syndrome. ER  - 
Tackling pharmacogenetics: How can we select the right methods?$$$ Pharmacogenetics investigates the role of genetic factors determining and modulating the response of patients to drugs. A multitude of techniques were developed to examine genetic factors affecting diseases, including drug response. Two questions are important: First, should the approach conceptually follow a candidate gene design, or is the study design hypothesis-free? Second, how many genetic variants need to be studied? Whereas so far technology focused on genotyping single variants, most recently largescale sequencing has become feasible, raising pharmacogenetics to the next level. With all techniques, there is a need for independent replication and functional validation. This article introduces the most important methods used in pharmacogenetics. ©2012 LLS SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Migraine and stroke perspectives for stroke physicians$$$ Although MA has been consistently linked with increased risk of stroke, MA plays only a small role when managing and treating patients with stroke. In very few cases migraine can be directly linked to a stroke event. Even if a patient has no other risk factors for a stroke than MA, this does not necessarily imply that the migraine caused the stroke because the mechanisms of such a link are still unclear. Distinguishing MA from a transient ischemic attack remains challenging in some patients and migraine-like attacks can be triggered by ischemic events. The role of migraine-like attacks that are secondary to comorbidities that increase stroke risk such as cervical artery dissection should be considered in the clinical management. The acute treatment of patients with stroke who have a migraine does not differ from any other patient with stroke but secondary prevention and migraine acute treatment may need to be adjusted. © 2012 American Heart Association, Inc. ER  - 
Bedside Monitoring to Adjust Antiplatelet Therapy for Coronary Stenting$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients' responses to oral antiplatelet therapy are subject to variation. Bedside monitoring offers the opportunity to improve outcomes after coronary stenting by individualizing therapy. METHODS: We randomly assigned 2440 patients scheduled for coronary stenting at 38 centers to a strategy of platelet-function monitoring, with drug adjustment in patients who had a poor response to antiplatelet therapy, or to a conventional strategy without monitoring and drug adjustment. The primary end point was the composite of death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, stroke, or urgent revascularization 1 year after stent implantation. For patients in the monitoring group, the VerifyNow P2Y12 and aspirin point-of-care assays were used in the catheterization laboratory before stent implantation and in the outpatient clinic 2 to 4 weeks later. RESULTS: In the monitoring group, high platelet reactivity in patients taking clopidogrel (34.5% of patients) or aspirin (7.6%) led to the administration of an additional bolus of clopidogrel, prasugrel, or aspirin along with glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors during the procedure. The primary end point occurred in 34.6% of the patients in the monitoring group, as compared with 31.1% of those in the conventional-treatment group (hazard ratio, 1.13; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.98 to 1.29; P = 0.10). The main secondary end point, stent thrombosis or any urgent revascularization, occurred in 4.9% of the patients in the monitoring group and 4.6% of those in the conventional-treatment group (hazard ratio, 1.06; 95% CI, 0.74 to 1.52; P = 0.77). The rate of major bleeding events did not differ significantly between groups. CONCLUSIONS: This study showed no significant improvements in clinical outcomes with platelet-function monitoring and treatment adjustment for coronary stenting, as compared with standard antiplatelet therapy without monitoring. (Funded by Allies in Cardiovascular Trials Initiatives and Organized Networks and others; ARCTIC ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00827411.) Copyright © 2012 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
Severe left ventricle systolic dysfunction is an independent predictor of poor response to clopidogrel$$$ Background: Patients with coronary artery disease and left ventricle (LV) systolic dysfunction have a high risk of adverse cardiac outcome. Non-response to a P2Y12 receptor antagonist was identified as an independent predictor of ischemic events after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Therefore, optimization of antiplatelet therapy after PCI in patients with LV systolic dysfunction would have a great prognostic impact. Aim: The purpose of presented study was to investigate the association between LV systolic function and response to clopidogrel in a large population of patients having PCI. Methods: Study group consisted of 519 consecutive patients undergoing PCI. Laboratory efficacy of clopidogrel was measured by using the VASP index 20±4h after a loading dose of clopidogrel (600mg). Non-response was defined as a VASP index ≥50%. The 30-day combined incidence of death,non-fatal acute coronary syndrome,re-PCI,stent thrombosis and stroke has been also investigated. Results: In the whole study population, a significant negative correlation was found between LV ejection fraction (LVEF) and VASP Index (Pearson's coefficient r=- 0.096, p=0.028). Values (Mean and 95% Confidence Interval) of VASP index were: 40.4(37.8;43.0)% in patients with LVEF >50%, 42.4(39.3;45.6)% in patients with LVEF 35 - 50%, and 46.7(40.6;52.9)% in patients with LVEF <35% (p=0.13 for intergroup analysis of variance). Proportion of non-responders to clopidogrel was 35.9% in patients with LVEF ≥35% and 51.9% in patients with LVEF <35% (p=0.022). After an adjustment for variables that significantly influenced clopidogrel efficacy, LVEF <35% was recognized as an independent predictor of non-response to clopidogrel. The 30-day combined clinical end-point occurred in 18% of patients with LVEF <35% and in 7.3% of patients with LVEF ≥35% (p=0.026). The 30-day incidence of all-cause mortality was 14% in patients with LVEF <35% and 0.9% in patients with LVEF ≥35% (p<0.001). Conclusion: The LVEF <35% was recognized as an independent predictor of non-response to clopidogrel. Each second patient with severe systolic dysfunction of LV had high on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity after PCI with stent implantation. ER  - 
Is there difference in impact of CYP2C19 polymorphism on platelet reactivity and adverse clinical events between acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and stable angina$$$ Background: As compared with Caucasian, Japanese more often carry the CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) allele with the CYP2C19∗3 variant. The difference in influence of the CYP2C19 LOF alleles (∗2 and ∗3) on clopidogrel response and clinical outcomes between ACS and stable angina (SA) has not been reported. The aim was to examine the difference in impact of the CYP2C19 variants on platelet reactivity and prognosis between ACS and SA after stent implantation. Methods: We enrolled 282 patients following stent implantation, taking dual antiplatelet therapy with 100 mg/day aspirin and 75 mg/day clopidogrel as a maintenance dose after a loading dose of clopidogrel 300 mg, in this prospective study with 18 months follow-up. Patients (n=282) were divided into ACS (n=121, male 71%, age 69.6 ys) and SA (n=161, male 69%, age 69.0 ys). Adenosine diphosphate induced platelet aggregation using light transmission aggregometer was measured as response to clopidogrel. CYP2C19 polymorphism was also examined, and classified into three phenotypes: (1) extensive metabolizer (EM) carrying normal function (wild-type) alleles (CYP2C19∗1/∗1), (2) intermediate metabolizer (IM) carrying one LOF allele (∗1/∗2, ∗1/∗3), and (3) poor metabolizer (PM) carrying two LOF alleles (∗2/∗2, ∗2/∗3, ∗3/∗3). Clinical endpoint was cardiovascular death, ACS, stroke, any urgent revascularization, and intraprocedural thrombotic events. Results: There was an increased platelet reactivity in ACS group compared with SA (4219AU∗min vs 4052, P=0.09). ACS showed higher ratio of adverse clinical events compared with SA (15.7 vs 6.8%, P<0.05). There was no difference in distribution of EM, IM, and PM between ACS and SA (ACS vs SA, EM; 36% vs 31, IM; 43 vs 48, PM; 19 vs 20%), however, the ratio of PM is very higher in Japanese than Caucasian. In ACS, the incidence of adverse clinical events was significantly higher in PM than EM (25.0 vs 6.8%, P=0.03), however, there were no differences in cardiovascular event rate among EM, IM, and PM in SA. Intraprocedural thrombotic events were frequently seen in PM of ACS group compared with other genotypes of ACS or SA. Conclusions: In patients with stent implantation, impact of CYP2C19 LOF polymorphism on clinical outcomes is more powerful in ACS compared with SA patients. ER  - 
High on-treatment platelet reactivity in clopidogrel-treated patients undergoing elective carotid stenting: Correlation with previous cerebrovascular events$$$ Background: High on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR) is an established predictor of adverse cardiovascular outcome in patients with coronary artery disease treated with clopidogrel. No data are available on the prognostic value of HPR in patients with cerebrovascular disease. Our aim was to study the response to clopidogrel in patients undergoing carotid artery stenting (CAS). Methods: Consecutive patients undergoing CAS were enrolled in a prospective study. Clopidogrel, in combination with aspirin, was started before the procedure and continued for at least one month. Platelet reactivity was assessed in 137 patients on the day of the procedure, in 122 after 24 hrs and in 91 after 30 days. Platelet reactivity was assessed by light transmission aggregometry (ADP 5 microM), VerifyNow P2Y12 assay, Multiplate and VASP-P assay. HPR was defined according to cut-off values established by the recent consensus on HPR. Results: HPR, as detected by two or more tests, was found in 29.9% of clopidogrel-treated patients undergoing CAS. Patients with previous cerebrovascular events [Odds ratio (OR) 2.8; 95% Confidence Intervals (CIs) 1.16-6.94; p=0.030), stroke (OR 2.9; 95% CIs 1.04-8.37; p=0.049) or any ischemic cerebrovascular or cardiac events (2.57; 95% CIs 1.13-5.41;p=0.029) were more likely to show HPR. The association between previous cerebrovascular events and impaired platelet response to clopidogrel was confirmed after adjustment for demographic and clinical variables (multiple logistic regression with forward stepwise selection) (OR 3.5; 95% CIs 1.16-6.94; p=0.009). Conclusions: Around one-third of clopidogrel-treated patients undergoing CAS present HPR. Among patients undergoing CAS HPR identifies a subgroup at higher cardiovascular risk. Follow-up of this ongoing study will allow to define whether HPR predicts subsequent cardiovascular events. ER  - 
Platelet function during extended prasugrel and clopidogrel therapy for patients with ACS treated without revascularization: The TRILOGY ACS platelet function substudy$$$ Context: The relationship of platelet function testing measurements with outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) initially managed medically without revascularization is unknown. Objective: To characterize the differences and evaluate clinical outcomes associated with platelet reactivity among patients with ACS treated with clopidogrel or prasugrel. Design, Setting, and Patients: Patients with medically managed unstable angina or non-ST-segment elevationmyocardial infarction were enrolled in the TRILOGY ACS trial (2008 to 2011) comparing clopidogrel vs prasugrel. Of 9326 participants, 27.5% were included in a platelet function substudy: 1286 treated with prasugrel and 1278 treated with clopidogrel. Interventions: Aspirin with either prasugrel (10 or 5 mg/d) or clopidogrel (75 mg/d); those 75 years or older and younger than 75 years but who weighed less than 60 kg received a 5-mg prasugrel maintenance dose. Main Outcome Measures: Platelet reactivity, measured in P2Y12 reaction units (PRUs), was performed at baseline, at 2 hours, and at 1, 3, 6, 12, 18, 24, and 30 months after randomization. The primary efficacy end point was a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke through 30 months. Results: Among participants younger than 75 years and weighing 60 kg or more, the median PRU values at 30 days were 64 (interquartile range [IQR], 33-128) in the prasugrel group vs 200 (IQR, 141-260) in the clopidogrel group (P<.001), a difference that persisted through all subsequent time points. For participants younger than 75 years and weighing less than 60 kg, the median 30-day PRU values were 139 (IQR, 86-203) for the prasugrel group vs 209 (IQR, 148-283) for the clopidogrel group (P<.001), and for participants 75 years or older, the median PRU values were 164 (IQR, 105-216) for the prasugrel group vs 222 (IQR, 148-268) for the clopidogrel group (P<.001). At 30 months the rate of the primary efficacy end point was 17.2% (160 events) in the prasugrel group vs 18.9% (180 events) in the clopidogrel group (P=.29). There were no significant differences in the continuous distributions of 30-day PRU values for participants with a primary efficacy end point event after 30 days (n=214) compared with participants without an event (n=1794; P=.07) and no significant relationship between the occurence of the primary efficacy end point and continuous PRU values (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] for increase of 60 PRUs,1.03; 95% CI, 0.96-1.11; P=.44). Similar findings were observed with 30-day PRU cut points used to define high on-treatment platelet reactivity - PRU more than 208 (adjusted HR,1.16; 95% CI, 0.89-1.52, P=.28) and PRU more than 230 (adjusted HR,1.20; 95% CI, 0.90-1.61; P=.21). Conclusions: Among patients with ACS without ST-segment elevation and initially managed without revascularization, prasugrel was associated with lower platelet reactivity than clopidogrel, irrespective of age, weight, and dose. Among those in the platelet substudy, no significant differences existed between prasugrel vs clopidogrel in the occurence of the primary efficacy end point through 30 months and no significant association existed between platelet reactivity and occurrence of ischemic outcomes. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00699998 ©2012 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clopidogrel (Plavix), a P2Y12 receptor antagonist, inhibits bone cell function in vitro and decreases trabecular bone in vivo$$$ Clopidogrel (Plavix), a selective P2Y12 receptor antagonist, is widely prescribed to reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke and acts via the inhibition of platelet aggregation. Accumulating evidence now suggests that extracellular nucleotides, signaling through P2 receptors, play a significant role in bone, modulating both osteoblast and osteoclast function. In this study, we investigated the effects of clopidogrel treatment on (1) bone cell formation, differentiation, and activity in vitro; and (2) trabecular and cortical bone parameters in vivo. P2Y12 receptor expression by osteoblasts and osteoclasts was confirmed using qPCR and Western blotting. Clopidogrel at 10 μM and 25 μM inhibited mineralized bone nodule formation by 50% and >85%, respectively. Clopidogrel slowed osteoblast proliferation with dose-dependent decreases in cell number (25% to 40%) evident in differentiating osteoblasts (day 7). A single dose of 10 to 25 μM clopidogrel to mature osteoblasts also reduced cell viability. At 14 days, ≤10 μM clopidogrel decreased alkaline phosphatase (ALP) activity by ≤70% and collagen formation by 40%, while increasing adipocyte formation. In osteoclasts, ≥1 μM clopidogrel inhibited formation, viability and resorptive activity. Twenty-week-old mice (n = 10-12) were ovariectomized or sham treated and dosed orally with clopidogrel (1 mg/kg) or vehicle (NaCl) daily for 4 weeks. Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) analysis showed clopidogrel-treated animals had decreases of 2% and 4% in whole-body and femoral bone mineral density (BMD), respectively. Detailed analysis of trabecular and cortical bone using micro-computed tomography (microCT) showed decreased trabecular bone volume in the tibia (24%) and femur (18%) of clopidogrel-treated mice. Trabecular number was reduced 20%, while trabecular separation was increased up to 15%. Trabecular thickness and cortical bone parameters were unaffected. Combined, these findings indicate that long-term exposure of bone cells to clopidogrel in vivo could negatively impact bone health. © 2012 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research. ER  - 
Personalized Cardiovascular Medicine: Status in 2012$$$ Personalized medicine is the tailoring of the diagnosis, prevention, and treatment to the characteristics of each individual patient. In this review, we provide a status report on genetic variants that influence therapy with antiplatelet agents, warfarin, and statins. Resistance to clopidogrel, an antiplatelet therapy, has been shown to be present in 25% to 30% of Caucasians and an even higher percentage in Asians. Part of this resistance is because of the CYP2C19*2 allele. Administering clopidogrel on the basis of previous genetic testing remains controversial. A recent breakthrough in point-of-care genetic testing for clopidogrel might be significant, not only for genetic testing for clopidogrel, but for the whole of personalized medicine. Genetic testing for aspirin resistance is not yet recommended because of incomplete genetic data. Studies to determine the value of genetic testing before the administration of warfarin are ongoing. Testing for SLCO1B1 allele for individuals with muscle cramps who are taking statins could be very helpful but is not yet recommended as routine. Pharmacogenetics has the potential to customize therapy and move away from the current model of 1 drug fits all. © 2012 Canadian Cardiovascular Society. ER  - 
Lifetime cost-effectiveness analysis of ticagrelor in patients with acute coronary syndromes based on the plato trial: A Singapore health care perspective$$$ OBJECTIVES: Ticagrelor is a reversibly binding oral P2Y12-receptor antagonist developed for reduction of thrombosis. The PLATO trial compared ticagrelor+aspirin to clopidogrel+aspirin in individuals with acute coronary syndromes (ACS); ticagrelor was superior on the primary composite endpoint of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction (MI) or stroke, without an increase in major bleeding events. The current study estimates the lifetime cost-effectiveness of ticagrelor relative to generic clopidogrel from a Singapore public health care perspective. METHODS: For the analysis of cost-effectiveness, a two-part cost-effectiveness model was used. The first part was a 12-month decision tree using PLATO trial data to estimate rates of major cardiovascular events, health care costs, and health-related quality of life. The second part was a Markov model estimating lifetime quality-adjusted survival and costs conditional on whether a non-fatal MI, a non-fatal stroke, or no MI or stroke occurred during the initial 12 months. The model applied a lifetime horizon to calculate mean direct medical costs and QALYs. The results are presented as incremental cost-effectiveness ratios (ICER's). Daily costs of SGD1.10 for generic clopidogrel and SGD6.00 for ticagrelor were applied.Wecalculated short term costs by applying Singapore unit costs, and costs from a comparable Asian country (Korea) to derive the Markov costs. Probabilistic sensitivity analysis was performed. RESULTS: Ticagrelor was associated with a lifetime QALY gain of 0.13, primarily driven by lower cardiovascular mortality. The resulting incremental cost per QALY gained was SGD10,136 from the public sector perspective. Probabilistic sensitivity analysis indicated that ticagrelor had more than 99% probability of being costeffective given the recommended WHO willingness to pay threshold of one GDP/ capita or SGD56,000 per QALY. CONCLUSIONS: Based on the PLATO trial data, one year treatment with ticagrelor+aspirin versus generic clopidogrel+aspirin in ACS patients, relative to WHO reference standards, is cost-effective from a Singapore public health care perspective. ER  - 
PAR-1 inhibitors: A novel class of antiplatelet agents for the treatment of patients with atherothrombosis$$$ Stroke and myocardial infarction are leading causes of death and disability worldwide. Typically, these events are triggered by the rupture or erosion of vulnerable atherosclerotic plaque, a phenomenon termed atherothrombosis. Three platelet activation pathways are presumed to be particularly important in the genesis of atherothrombosis and are triggered by 1) cyclo-oxygenase (COX)-1 mediated thromboxane A2 (TXA2) synthesis and activation via the TXA2 receptor, 2) adenosine diphosphate (ADP) via the P2Y12 receptor, and 3) thrombin via the protease activated receptor (PAR)-1. Despite the efficacy of aspirin and of a growing family of P2Y12 receptor antagonists on the first 2 pathways, major cardiovascular events continue to occur in patients with coronary and cerebrovascular disease, suggesting that thrombin-mediated platelet activation may contribute to these adverse events. Recently, a novel class of antiplatelet agents able to inhibit thrombin-mediated platelet activation has been developed, PAR-1 inhibitors. In this chapter, we will discuss the rationale underlying the development of this novel class of agents focus on the two drugs in the most advanced stages of development: vorapaxar (SCH530348) and atopaxar (E5555). © 2012 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
Variability of platelet indices and function: Acquired and genetic factors$$$ Each individual has an inherent variable risk of bleeding linked to genetic or acquired abnormal platelet number or platelet dysfunction. In contrast, it is less obvious that the variability of platelet phenotypes (number, mean platelet volume, function) may contribute to the variable individual risk of thrombosis. Interindividual variability of platelet indices or function may be either due to acquired factors, such as age, sex, metabolic variables, smoke, dietary habits, and ongoing inflammation, or due to genetic factors. Acquired variables explain a small portion of the heterogeneity of platelet parameters. Genetic factors, instead, appear to play a major role, although a consistent portion of such a genetic variance has not yet been attributed to any specific genetic factor, possibly due to the high number of DNA loci potentially involved and to the limited effect size of each individual SNP. A portion of variance remains thus unexplained, also due to variability of test performance. A major contradiction in present platelet knowledge is, indeed, the difficulty to reconcile the universally accepted importance of platelet indices or function and the lack of reliable platelet parameters in cardiovascular risk prediction models. Trials on antiplatelet drugs were generally designed to select a homogeneous sample, whose results could be applied to an average subject, tending to exclude the deviation/extreme values. As the current indications for antiplatelet treatment in primary or secondary prevention of ischemic vascular disease still derive from the results of such clinical trials where platelet function and its variability was not investigated, we cannot at present rely upon any current platelet test to either initiate, or monitor, or modify or stop treatment with any antiplatelet drug. Evidence is, however, increasing that traditional platelet aggregometry and other more recently developed platelet function assays could be useful to optimize antiplatelet therapy and to predict major adverse cardiac events.The observation of interindividual differences in platelet response to antiplatelet drugs has enlarged the spectrum and the possible clinical relevance of the variability of platelet indices or function. The development of personalized medicine will benefit from the concepts discussed in this chapter. © 2012 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
Antiplatelet agents in ischemic heart disease$$$ Antiplatelet agents comprise a critical component in the multi-modality treatment of ischemic heart disease. In addition to anticholesterol, beta-blocking, and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibiting agents as well as mechanical intervention, platelet inhibition has resulted in improved outcomes for patients with ischemic heart disease. Platelet aggregation and resultant thrombus formation is a multi-step process with several points of potential intervention. As this pathway has been elucidated, more opportunities to intervene pharmacologically have become apparent. © 2012 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
Aspirin and other COX-1 inhibitors$$$ Currently available antiplatelet drugs interfere with the process of platelet activation and aggregation by selectively blocking key enzymes involved in the synthesis of platelet agonists, or membrane receptors mediating activation signals. Pharmacological interference with critical molecular pathways of platelet activation and aggregation may reduce the risk of atherothrombotic complications through mechanisms that are also responsible for an increased risk of bleeding. Acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin) represents a prototypic antiplatelet agent. The aim of this chapter is to integrate our current understanding of the molecular mechanism of action of aspirin with the results of clinical trials and epidemiological studies assessing its efficacy and safety. Moreover, the antiplatelet properties of reversible inhibitors of the same drug target will also be reviewed. © 2012 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
Thienopyridines and other ADP-receptor antagonists$$$ Platelet P2Y12 receptor inhibition plays a pivotal role in preventing thrombotic vascular events in patients with ACS and in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Among the P2Y12 receptor inhibitors, the group of thienopyridines include ticlopidine, clopidogrel and prasugrel, all of which are orally administered prodrugs leading to irreversible P2Y12 receptor inhibition. Non-thienopyridine derivatives including ticagrelor, cangrelor and elinogrel do not require metabolic activation and lead to a reversible P2Y12 receptor inhibition in contrast to thienopyridines. The extend of platelet inhibition is subject to the administered antiplatelet agent and influenced by individual genetic and clinical factors. Insufficient platelet inhibition, termed high platelet reactivity (HPR) is associated with an increased risk for ischemic events after PCI whereas exceeding platelet inhibition results in an increased bleeding risk. Pharmacologic properties and clinical outcome data differ substantially between the existing P2Y12 receptor inhibitors. Whether individualized antiplatelet treatment incorporating different P2Y12 receptor inhibitors improves patients' clinical outcomes warrants further investigation. © 2012 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
The evolution of antiplatelet therapy in the treatment of acute coronary syndromes: From aspirin to the present day$$$ Our knowledge of the mechanisms of platelet-mediated thrombosis has increased dramatically over the last 40 years. This increased understanding has identified treatment strategies for acute coronary syndromes (ACS) by targeting key mediators of platelet activation and aggregation processes. Aspirin (acetylsalicylic acid) monotherapy improves patient outcomes by irreversibly inhibiting the cyclooxygenase (COX)-1 enzyme in the arachidonic acid pathway. The later-developed thienopyridines, prodrugs that irreversibly inhibit the P2Y12 receptor, and therefore adenosine diphosphate (ADP) binding, further enhance platelet inhibition and patient outcomes. The thienopyridine clopidogrel has been the standard of care, but it is limited by variable response and treatment failure. A more potent thienopyridine, prasugrel, requires fewer hepatic metabolic steps for activation, and elicits significantly improved outcomes for patients with ACS. The increased potency of prasugrel is associated with an increase in Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI)-defined major bleeding compared with clopidogrel. Ticagrelor represents a new chemical class of agents called the cyclopentyltriazolopyrimidines. It interacts reversibly with the platelet P2Y12 receptor, and does not require metabolic bioactivation for activity. Data show a significant improvement in ischaemic outcomes, including mortality, for ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel, without an increase in overall major bleeding, although non-coronary artery bypass graft bleeding is increased. Glycoprotein IIbIIIa targeted agents (abciximab, tirofiban and eptifibatide) are also used in ACS patients undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions. These inhibitors utilize a different mechanism of action by preventing fibrinogen-mediated platelet aggregation. Other therapeutic strategies for platelet inhibition are being evaluated, including the investigative protease-activated receptor (PAR)-1 and thromboxane A2 antagonists. This review highlights the mechanisms of action of these agents, and the continuing evolution of ACS therapy. Adis © 2012 Springer International Publishing AG. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Antiplatelet therapy-ticagrelor$$$ Ticagrelor, a cyclopentyltriazolopyrimidine (CPTP), is the representative of a new chemical class of P2Y12 receptor inhibitors that differ from thienopyridines (ticlopidin, clopidogrel, prasugrel) as ticagrelor is not a prodrug requiring active biotransformation by cytochromes in the liver and thus is characterized by a more rapid, more effective and more consistent platelet inhibition than ticlopidin or clopidogrel. An extensive study program for dose finding and safety for AZD6140 (DISPERSE studies) and a large-scaled phase III trial (PLATO) were undertaken on more than 18 000 patients for validation of efficacy and safety. In the PLATO trial, patients presenting with the broad spectrum of ACS, i.e. unstable angina, non-STEMI or STEMI, were randomized to ticagrelor (Brilique, Brilinta) or clopidogrel within 24 hours after onset of symptoms, regardless whether they were allocated to a planned invasive or conservative treatment. Compared to clopidogrel, ticagrelor reduced rates of the primary endpoint consisting of cardiovascular death, non-fatal MI, or stroke, without an excess of the primary safety endpoint that was PLATO-defined major bleedings. Results from the pre-specified confirmatory subgroup of patients undergoing planned invasive treatment was consistent with PLATO main trial. In addition, the primary endpoint, as well as CV death and all cause death were consistently reduced with ticagrelor in numerous exploratory subgroups including STEMI patients, those planned for non-invasive treatment, patients undergoing CABG, patients with renal failure, and those with diabetes mellitus, although patients were pretreated before coronary angiography and patients with clopidogrel pretreatment were not excluded. Conclusions: The pharmacological properties and convincing study results of the PLATO trial have stimulated a paradigm change for dual antiplatelet therapy. The new ESC guidelines on the management of ACS without ST segment elevation recommend the use of clopidogrel only when a new antiplatelet drug, e. g. ticagrelor or prasugrel is not available or contraindicated. © Schattauer 2012. ER  - 
Ticagrelor (Brilique®): Potent oral antagonist of platelet activity$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel combined with aspirin reduces ischemic events in acute coronary syndromes (ACS). The individual response to clopidogrel is, however, very variable from one subject to another, and the risk of events seems higher when platelet inhibition is insufficient. Ticagrelor is a potent oral inhibitor of platelet activity. It binds reversibly to the P2Y12 adenosine diphosphate. The platelet inhibition that it induces is faster and more pronounced than that of clopidogrel. In patients who have an ACS (PLATO study) with or without ST-segment elevation, treatment with ticagrelor as compared with clopidogrel significantly reduced the rate of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke, without an increase in the rate of overall major bleeding but with an increase in the rate of non-procedure-related bleeding. In Belgium, Brilique® is currently indicated in combination with aspirin for the prevention of atherothrombotic events in patients with ACS. ER  - 
ABCB1 C3435T Polymorphism and Response to Clopidogrel Treatment in Coronary Artery Disease (CAD) Patients: A Meta-Analysis$$$ Background: A number of investigators have evaluated the association between the ABCB1 polymorphism and clopidogrel responding, but the results have been inconclusive. To examine the risk of high platelet activity and poor clinical outcomes associated with the ABCB1 C3435T polymorphism in CAD patients on clopidogrel, all available studies were included in the present meta-analysis. Methods: We performed a systematic search of PubMed, Scopus and the Cochrane library database for eligible studies. Articles meeting the inclusion criteria were comprehensively reviewed, and the available data were accumulated by the meta-analysis. Results: It was demonstrated that the ABCB1 C3435T variation was associated with the risk of early major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) (T vs. C OR, 1.34; 95% CI, 1.10 to 1.62; P = 0.003; TT vs. CC: OR, 1.77; 95% CI, 1.19 to 2.63; P = 0.005; CT + TT vs.CC: OR, 1.48; 95% CI, 1.06 to 2.06; P = 0.02) and the polymorphism was also associated with the risk of the long-term MACE in patients on clopidogrel LD 300 mg (T vs. C: OR, 1.28; 95% CI, 1.10 to 1.48; P = 0.001; TT vs. CC: OR, 1.59; 95% CI, 1.19 to 2.13; P = 0.002; CT + TT vs.CC: OR, 1.39; 95% CI, 1.08 to 1.79; P = 0.01). The comparison of TT vs. CC was associated with a reduction in the outcome of bleeding (TT vs. CC: OR, 0.51; 95% CI, 0.40 to 0.66; P<0.00001). However, the association between ABCB1 C3435T polymorphism and platelet activity and other risk of poor clinical outcomes was not significant. Conclusions: The evidence from our meta-analysis indicated that the ABCB1 C3435T polymorphism might be a risk factor for the MACE in patients on clopidogrel LD 300 mg, and that TT homozygotes decreased the outcome of bleeding compared with CC homozygotes. © 2012 Su et al. ER  - 
Anticoagulant treatment: The end of the old agents?$$$ New oral anticoagulants used as single target inhibitors of coagulation enzymes have been developed and tested in extensive trial programmes. Results of most of these trials showed non-inferior and/or superior efficacy and safety compared to standard treatment with LMWH or VKA. These results led to registration of these agents for the prophylaxis or treatment of thrombosis, as well as stroke prophylaxis in atrial fibrillation. In addition to good efficacy and safety these agents are more convenient in their use and promise advantages in quality of life. Caution is needed, though, since drug-interactions, interferences with coagulation tests and risk of accumulation in case of renal failure should always be taken into consideration when planning a treatment. In the present current-opinion review these advantages and disadvantages are discussed and expressed options are analysed. ER  - 
Novel treatments for cardiovascular disease prevention$$$ The purpose of this review is to describe novel pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic preventive therapies, as well as new strategies to improve delivery of available therapies. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death worldwide, and prevention plays a critical role in curbing the global epidemic. Despite available treatment for tobacco addiction, platelet inhibition, blood pressure, and lipid lowering for reduction of atherosclerotic disease, significant gaps in treatment of total CVD remain. We review a range of new preventive treatment options, including drugs for tobacco cessation, platelet/thrombotic inhibition, lipid- and blood pressure-lowering; nonpharmacologic options such as left atrial appendage closure devices and caloric restriction; and strategies such as fixed-dose combination drugs, laboratory screening for drug tailoring, and community-based prevention programs. CVD preventive research continues to evolve and provide clinicians and patients with novel pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic therapies, including new preventive strategies. © 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Cost-effectiveness analysis of genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy in patients with acute coronary syndrome and planned percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ PURPOSE: Prasugrel-based therapy is recommended over clopidogrel- based therapy in poor/intermediate CYP2C19 metabolizers with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and planned percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). CYP2C19 genetic test, therefore, can be utilized to guide antiplatelet therapy in ACS patients. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the cost-effectiveness of the genotype-guided treatment approach, as compared with prasugrel and generic clopidogrel treatment irrespective of genotype, in ACS/PCI patients from the US healthcare provider's perspective. METHODS: A decision analytic model was developed to project the lifetime economic and humanistic burden associated with clinical outcomes (including myocardial infarction [MI], stroke and major bleeding) for the three strategies in ACS/PCI patients. Probabilities of outcomes were obtained from the TRITON-TIMI 38 trial comparing prasugrel and clopidogrel; costs (adjusted to 2011 US dollars), age-adjusted quality of life, and disutilities were identified through systematic literature review. Incremental costeffectiveness ratio (ICER) was calculated for the treatment strategies, with quality-adjusted life years (QALYs) as the primary effectiveness outcome. One-way and probabilistic sensitivity analyses were performed to assess the robustness of the results. RESULTS: Genotype-guided therapy was the most cost-effective strategy in the base-case analysis. Clopidogrel cost $19,763 and provided 10.0308 QALYs versus prasugrel ($22,886, 10.0353 QALYs) and genotype-guided therapy ($20,104, 10.0517 QALYs). The incremental cost per QALY gained with genotype-guided therapy compared with clopidogrel was $16,265. Prasugrel therapy was dominated by the genotype-guided strategy. Results were sensitive to the cost of prasugrel, cost of clopidogrel, and cost of MI. Acceptability curve showed that genotype-guided therapy had at least 77% likelihood of being more cost-effective than clopidogrel at willingness-to-pay (WTP) of $100,000/QALY. In comparison with prasugrel, genotype-guided therapy was more cost-effective with > 80% certainty at all WTP thresholds. CONCLUSION: Our modeling analyses suggest that genotypeguided therapy is a cost-effective strategy in patients with ACS undergoing PCI. ER  - 
Severe left ventricular systolic dysfunction is an independent predictor of poor response to clopidogrel$$$ Background: Patients with coronary artery disease and left ventricular systolic dysfunction have a high risk of adverse cardiac outcome. Non-response to a P2Y12 receptor antagonist was identified as an independent predictor of ischemic events after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Therefore, optimization of antiplatelet therapy after PCI in patients with left ventricular systolic dysfunction would have a great prognostic impact in this high-risk patient population. Aim: The purpose of presented study was to investigate the association between left ventricular systolic function and response to clopidogrel in a large population of patients having PCI. Methods: Study group consisted of 519 consecutive patients undergoing PCI; mean (SD) age - 67.7 (11.9) years, 62.8% men. Laboratory efficacy of clopidogrel was measured by using the vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) index 20 ± 4 hours after a loading dose of clopidogrel (600mg). Non-response was defined as a VASP index ≥ 50%. The 30-day combined incidence of death, non-fatal acute coronary syndrome, re-PCI, stent thrombosis and stroke has been compared between patients with left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) < 35% and with LVEF ≥ 35%. Results: In the whole study population, a significant negative correlation was found between LVEF and VASP Index (Pearson's coefficient r = - 0.096, p < 0.028); VASP index tended to increase with a decrease of LVEF. Values (Mean and 95% Confidence Interval) of VASP index were: 40.4 (37.8; 43.0) % in patients with LVEF > 50%, 42.4 (39.3; 45.6) % in patients with LVEF 35 - 50%, and 46.7 (40.6; 52.9) % in patients with LVEF < 35% (p = 0.13 for intergroup analysis of variance). Proportion of non-responders to clopidogrel was 35.9% in patients with LVEF ≥ 35% and 51.9% in patients with LVEF < 35% (p = 0.022). After an adjustment for variables that significantly influenced clopidogrel efficacy, LVEF < 35% was recognized as an independent predictor of non-response to clopidogrel. The 30-day combined clinical end-point occurred in 18% of patients with LVEF < 35% and in 7.3% of patients with LVEF ≥ 35% (p = 0.026). The 30-day incidence of all-cause mortality was 14% in patients with LVEF < 35% and 0.9% in patients with LVEF ≥ 35% (p < 0.001). Conclusion: Each second patient with severe systolic dysfunction of LV has high on-treatment platelet reactivity after PCI with stent implantation. LVEF < 35% was recognized as an independent predictor of non-response to clopidogrel. Clopidogrel, which needs to be metabolized into an active form of drug, is not an optimal drug for patients with severe LV systolic dysfunction. ER  - 
Upstream Clopidogrel and patency of the infarct related vessel in STEMI patients undergoing primary PCI$$$ Background: Pre-procedural TIMI flow grade 3 is an independent predictor of survival in patients with ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction (STEMI) undergoing primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention (pPCI). ESC/AHA/ACC guidelines recommend pre-treatment with aspirin and a P2Y12 inhibitor to maximize the patency of infarct related artery at first angiogram. In routine clinical practice Clopidogrel 600 mg is widely used in unselected STEMI patients. Methods and results: We assessed the efficacy of 600 mg of upstream Clopidogrel administered at time of diagnosis by emergency personnel, in 320 consecutive STEMI patients admitted to our hospital between September 2009 and November 2011 for pPCI. Treatment consisted of Clopidogrel 600 mg orally, chewable Aspirin 250 mg and unfractionated heparin (UFH) 4000 U bolus. Diagnosis was made by the ambulance emergency system in 36.2% of cases; by Accident and Emergency of the hub center in 37.8% and by the spoke hospital in 26%. STEMI was anterior in 48% of cases, inferior in 38% and lateral in 14%. Mean door-to-balloon (D2B) time was 101.2 ± 87 minutes with a 63% of cases revascularized within 90 minutes. Mean symptom-onset-to-balloon time was 279 ± 120 minutes. Pre-procedural TIMI grade 2/3 flow was present in 38% of cases, whereas a TIMI flow ≥1 was present in 49% of cases. Median age was 65 years (range 35-94); female were 26%; mean BMI was 27.5 ± 4. Risk Factors consisted of: hypertension 60%; cigarette smoking 39%; hypercholesterolemia 64%; diabetes 17%. Past cardiovascular history included: previous MI 3%; previous PCI 4%; previous CABG 1%; previous TIA/ Stroke 1%. Cardiogenic shock requiring IABP occurred in 7% of patients and an EF < 35% was present in 5%. Creatinine was 1.3 ± 0.3 mg/dl, LDL-C was 134 ± 43 mg/dl, glicemia 129 ± 37 mg/dl. Primary PCI was performed off hours in 57% of cases. The following culprit vessels were treated: LAD 47%; LCX 11.5%; RCA 40%; Ramus 0.6%; Venous Graft 0.6%; Left Main 0.3%. DES were implanted in 52% of cases. Coronary thromboaspiration was performed in 31% of cases. TIMI major and minor bleeding were both around 1%. Median follow up was 13.7 months (min 0.03; max 27.3). Survival at 12 months was 0.9638 and 0.9573 at 24 months. At multivariate analysis pre-procedural TIMI flow grade 2-3 was an independent predictor of one-year survival (p < 0.05) Conclusions: Our experience shows that an antegrade suboptimal TIMI flow is obtainable in approximately 50% of cases in unselected STEMI patients, with a simple and inexpensive protocol that allows to minimize bleeding and reduce mortality. ER  - 
Pharmacogenomics and patient care: One size does not fit all$$$ The time is ripe to assess whether pharmacogenomics research - the study of the genetic basis for variation in drug response - has provided important insights into a personalized approach to prescribing and dosing medications. Here, we describe the status of the f eld and approaches for addressing some of the open questions in pharmacogenomics research and use of genetic testing in guiding drug therapy. ER  - 
[Medication of the month. Ticagrelor (Brilique): potent oral antagonist of platelet activity].$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel combined with aspirin reduces ischemic events in acute coronary syndromes (ACS). The individual response to clopidogrel is, however, very variable from one subject to another, and the risk of events seems higher when platelet inhibition is insufficient. Ticagrelor is a potent oral inhibitor of platelet activity. It binds reversibly to the P2Y12 adenosine diphosphate. The platelet inhibition that it induces is faster and more pronounced than that of clopidogrel. In patients who have an ACS (PLATO study) with or without ST-segment elevation, treatment with ticagrelor as compared with clopidogrel significantly reduced the rate of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke, without an increase in the rate of overall major bleeding but with an increase in the rate of non-procedure-related bleeding. In Belgium, Brilique is currently indicated in combination with aspirin for the prevention of atherothrombotic events in patients with ACS. ER  - 
Migraine: Possible role of shear-induced platelet aggregation with serotonin release$$$ Background.-Migraine patients are at an increased risk for stroke, as well as other thromboembolic events. This warrants further study of the role of platelets in a proportion of migraine patients. Objective.-To extend the "platelet hypothesis" using literature data and observations made in a rat model of shear stress-induced platelet aggregation. Such aggregation causes release of serotonin, leading to vasoconstriction during sufficiently strong aggregation and to long-lasting vasodilation when aggregation diminishes. This vasodilation also depends on nitric oxide and prostaglandin formation. Results.-A role for platelet aggregation in a number of migraineurs is indicated by reports of an increased platelet activity during attacks and favorable effects of antiplatelet medication. We hypothesize that in those patients, a migraine attack with or without aura may both be caused by a rise in platelet-released plasma serotonin, albeit at different concentration. At high concentrations, serotonin may cause vasoconstriction and, consequently, the neuronal signs of aura, whereas at low concentrations, it may already stimulate perivascular pain fibers and cause vasodilation via local formation of nitric oxide, prostaglandins, and neuropeptides. Platelet aggregation may be unilaterally evoked by elevated shear stress in a stenotic cervico-cranial artery, by reversible vasoconstriction or by other cardiovascular abnormality, eg, a symptomatic patent foramen ovale. This most likely occurs when a migraine trigger has further enhanced platelet aggregability; literature shows that many triggers either stimulate platelets directly or reduce endogenous platelet antagonists like prostacyclin. Conclusion.-New strategies for migraine medication and risk reduction of stroke are suggested. © 2012 American Headache Society. ER  - 
Anticoagulant therapy: Basic principles, classic approaches and recent developments$$$ The standard multipotent anticoagulants (unfractionated and low molecular weight heparins, antagonists of vitamin K) are commonly used for treatment and/or prophylaxis of different thrombotic complications, such as deep vein thrombosis, thrombophilia, pulmonary embolism, myocardial infarction, stroke and so on. Advantages and shortcomings of these anticoagulants are considered. The modern tendencies to use small selective direct inhibitors of thrombin or factor Xa are surveyed. The search of the new targets in the coagulation cascade for development of new promising anticoagulants and improvement in antithrombotic therapy is discussed. © 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health. ER  - 
Amlodipine, clopidogrel and CYP3A5 genetic variability: Effects on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Objective: To test the effect of a loss-of-function variation of the cytochrome P450 (CYP) 3A5 on drugedrug interaction between amlodipine and clopidogrel. Amlodipine is a well-known inhibitor of CYP 3A4, an isoenzyme of CYP3A that activates clopidogrel. However, controversy exists regarding whether amlodipine adversely affects clopidogrel response and clinical outcome after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). In the presence of CYP3A4 inhibitors such as amlodipine, the genetic variation of CYP3A5, the isoenzyme responsible for the backup CYP3A activity, may play an important role in clopidogrel activation. Design: Post hoc analysis of a prospectively enrolled cohort. Patients: Patients enrolled in the CROSS-VERIFY cohort from June 2006 to June 2010, with successful genotyping of CYP3A5. Main outcome measures: The pharmacodynamic analysis end point was clopidogrel on-treatment platelet reactivity (OPR) and the clinical analysis end point was the composite of cardiac death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, ischaemic stroke and stent thrombosis at 12 months post-PCI. Results: 1258 patients had successful genotyping and were categorised as CYP3A5 non-expressers (749 patients) and expressers (509 patients) according to the CYP3A5 genotype. Amlodipine users showed higher OPR versus non-users only in CYP3A5 non-expressers (249±83 vs 228±84 P2Y12 reaction units, p=0.013). These findings was corroborated by clinical outcomes, in which amlodipine users had a higher incidence of events compared with non-users only in CYP3A5 non-expressers (4.6% vs 0.6%, HR 7.731, CI 2.042 to 29.264, p=0.004). Conclusions: Treatment with amlodipine is associated with increased clopidogrel OPR and increased risk of thrombotic events after PCI, which is dependent on the CYP3A5 genetic status. ER  - 
Antithromobotic therapy in Asian patients with ischemic cerebrovascular disease$$$ There is an indication of antithrombotic therapy for the secondary prevention of ischemic cerebrovascular disease. Antiplatelet therapy is indicated for non-cardioembolic stroke, while anticoagulant therapy is indicated for cardioembolic stroke. Aspirin is most widely used, but efficacy and safety of aspirin is not satisfactory for secondary stroke prevention. Clopidogrel is marginally more effective than aspirin, although clopidogrel resistance is argued with genetic polymorphisms, which is frequent in Asian. The new ADP receptor inhibitor prasugrel is expected to avoid resistance. Cilostazol can prevent stroke without increasing bleeding risk, and also expected to be applied in patients with symptomatic intracranial artery stenosis, which is frequent in Asian. Control of blood pressure and its variability is vital to avoid cerebral bleeding in patients on antiplatelet agents, particularly in Asian patients. Warfarin is indicated for stroke prevention in patients with atrial fibrillation, but is underused because of many unmet needs. New oral anticoagulants such as direct thrombin inhibitor and factor Xa inhibitors may solve these problems with warfarin. Clinical trials of these drugs showed equal or superior to warfarin in preventing stroke and less risk of cerebral bleeding than warfarin in safety. Therefore, these new drugs may be indicated for patients with not only high risk (CHADS2 score >2) but also low risk (CHADS2 score 1) of atrial fibrillation. However, warfarin will still be used because of low cost as well as established coagulation monitoring and reversal of anticoagulation. ER  - 
Platelet reactivity monitoring in neuro-endovascular treatment (PLANET)$$$ Purpose: Cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19 genotype affects clopidogrel response. Platelet reactivity monitoring, such as VerifyNow P2Y12 and vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP), can be useful to predict thrombotic events in patients treated with clopidogrel. We sought to clarify the relations between platelet reactivity and thrombotic complications of cerebral endovascular treatment. Methods: Patients who were scheduled for coil embolization of cerebral aneurysm or carotid artery stenting were prospectively registered. Blood sample was collected before the treatment, P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) by VerifyNow system and VASP index by flow cytometer were measured, and CYP2C19 genotype were analyzed. Developments of thrombotic events within 30 days after the procedure were examined. Results: Two hundred twenty nine patients were registered between May 2010 and March 2012. Among them, 154 patients those who were treated with clopidogrel were analyzed. CYP2C19 gene polymorphism was ∗1/∗1 (extensive metabolizer: EM) in 24.7%, ∗1/∗2 or ∗1/∗3 (intermediate metabolizer: IM) in 50.7%, and ∗2/∗2, ∗2/∗3, ∗3/∗3 (poor metabolizer: PM) in 17.5%. Both PRU and VASP index was higher in PM or IM group than in EM group (each P < 0.005). Seven thrombotic events (4.5%) developed, and the frequency of thrombotic events was tended to be higher in patients with PRU > 220 U than in those with PRU < 220 U (6.9% vs 0%, P = 0.096), and slightly higher in patients with VASP index > 50% than in those with VASP index < 50% (7.4% vs 2.3%, P = 0.24). Conclusions: Platelet reactivity monitoring may be able to predict thrombotic complications after cerebral endovascular treatment. ER  - 
Clopidogrel hyperresponse and bleeding risk in neurointerventional procedures$$$ Background: Antiplatelet therapy is associated with decreased ischaemic events post neurointerventional procedures. Antiplatelet resistance negates the protective effects of antiplatelets leading to higher incidence of ischaemic events. A possible link between antiplatelet hyperresponsiveness and increased haemorrhagic complications has been inadequately investigated. Aim: To examine the correlation between antiplatelet hyperresponsiveness and risk of haemorrhagic complications in neurointervention. Methods: Patients who were pretreated with antiplatelet medications prior to neurointerventional procedures were prospectively recruited. The following data were collected: demographics, vascular risk factors, antiplatelet and anticoagulation treatment, antiplatelet responsiveness, coagulation profile and haemorrhagic complications. P2Y12 receptor mediated platelet inhibition was tested using the VerifyNow assay device. The primary endpoints were post-procedural major and minor haemorrhagic complications. Percentage platelet inhibition was evaluated as a diagnostic tool for bleeding events Receiver Operator Characteristics analysis. Association between haemorrhage and percentage platelet inhibition was investigated using logistic regression modelling. Results: Forty-seven patients were enrolled. The mean age was 56 ± 12 and 28% were male. Ten patients (21.3%) developed minor and three major haemorrhagic complications. Clopidogrel response was higher in patients with a major bleeding complication compared to those with minor or no bleeding (median 94% vs. 24% platelet inhibition, P = 0.0084). of the seven patients (14.9%) defined as hyperresponsive with ≥72% platelet inhibition, 42.8% had a major bleeding complication. Conclusion: Hyperresponse to clopidogrel is associated with increased risk of haemorrhagic complications. Larger studies are urgently needed to validate a clinically useful threshold to define hyperresponsiveness, and to examine the clinical effects of antiplatelet dosage adjustment. ER  - 
The role of genetic factors in clopidogrel antiplatelet therapy$$$ Thienopyridine derivative antiplatelet agents play an important role in the treatment of coronary artery disease. Clopidogrel is a drug blocking action of the platelet ADP receptor (P2Y12). It is applied in the form of a prodrug that requires metabolic activation by cytochrome P450 enzymes. The standard antiplatelet therapy in patients with acute coronary syndrome is based on simultaneous administration of clopidogrel and aspirin. Numerous scientific reports indicate that a diverse response to clopidogrel therapy is observed in as many as 25% of patients with acute coronary syndrome. This variation may be caused by genetic factors. Polymorphisms in CYP2C19 (one of the cytochrome P450 enzymes) and ABCB1 (gene coding P-glycoprotein which takes part in absorption of clopidogrel) are considered the most frequent genetic causes of resistance to clopidogrel therapy. Knowledge of these genotypes can be helpful in finding the patients vulnerable to less effective clopidogrel therapy and establishing an effective dose of the drug. ER  - 
Novel oral anticoagulants in the treatment of acute coronary syndromes: Is there any room for new anticoagulants?$$$ Thrombosis plays a key role in the pathophysiology of acute coronary syndromes (ACS). The management of patients with ACS includes interventional procedures and use of antithrombotic agents acutely, and dual antiplatelet therapy (aspirin and a P2Y12 receptor antagonist) for secondary prevention. However, patients with recent ACS remain at a substantial residual risk for recurrent ischemic events or death. The idea of follow-up treatment with an oral anticoagulant on top of standard therapy seems promising. Warfarin was the first oral anticoagulant thoroughly investigated in this direction, but the widespread long-term use of warfarin in ACS has been limited by challenges associated with pharmacodynamic/pharmacokinetic deficiencies of the drug and the risk of bleeding. Novel oral anticoagulants, such as direct thrombin inhibitors (DTIs) and FXa inhibitors overcome the downsides of VKAs. Ximelagatran was the first DTI, investigated and proven to be effective in prevention of recurrent ischemic events in ACS patients, but the drug association with hepatotoxicity prompted its withdrawal. Dabigatran etexilate, apixaban, darexaban (YM150) and TAK-442 were studied in phase II dose-escalation trials in order to determine the balance between clinical effectiveness and bleeding risk in daily use with dual antiplatelet therapy, with both positive and negative results. Rivaroxaban is the only agent that completed a phase III trial, showing reduction in recurrent ischemic events rate and death from cardiovascular causes as well as all-cause death. This review summarizes the data from completed and ongoing clinical trials of the new oral anticoagulants in patients with ACS. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Importance of potent P2Y12 receptor blockade in acute myocardial infarction: Focus on prasugrel$$$ Introduction: Prasugrel therapy is recommended in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Areas covered: This article reviews the efficacy and safety profile of prasugrel, cost considerations, and its role in clinical practice based on published data. The authors searched PubMed and Ovid databases for English language clinical trial articles involving the use of prasugrel in human subjects and patients, published through June 2012. The keyword "prasugrel" was used. The review focuses on clinical trials, but other articles including Food and Drug Administration documents are also reviewed. Expert opinion: Prasugrel has a more rapid and greater pharmacodynamic (PD) effect than clopidogrel. No significant drug drug interactions have been reported. In a large-scale randomized clinical trial, prasugrel was associated with better protection against ischemic event occurrence compared to clopidogrel, but more bleeding in ACS patients undergoing PCI. Adverse outcomes outweighed the benefit of prasugrel in certain subgroups, including patients over the age of 75, those weighing less than 60 kg, and patients with a prior history of stroke or transient ischemic attack. In subsequent PD studies, prasugrel therapy showed suboptimal platelet inhibition in selected patients. In addition, "hyper-responsiveness" to prasugrel may increase the risk of serious bleeding in high-risk patients. More detailed studies are warranted to explore antiplatelet regimens tailored to optimally limit ischemic and bleeding event occurrences. A Phase-III TRILOGY trial (NCT00699998) will indicate the clinical efficacy and safety of prasugrel in patients with non-ST-segment elevation ACS, who are medically managed without coronary revascularization. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Optimizing drug outcomes through pharmacogenetics: A case for preemptive genotyping$$$ Routine integration of genotype data into drug decision making could improve patient safety, particularly if many relevant genetic variants can be assayed simultaneously before prescribing the target drug. The frequency of opportunities for pharmacogenetic prescribing and the potential adverse events (AEs) mitigated are unknown. We examined the frequency with which 56 medications with known outcomes influenced by variant alleles were prescribed in a cohort of 52,942 medical home patients at Vanderbilt University Medical Center (VUMC). Within a 5-year window, we estimated that 64.8% (95% confidence interval (CI): 64.4-65.2%) of individuals were exposed to at least one medication with an established pharmacogenetic association. Using previously published results for six medications with severe, well-characterized, genetically linked AEs, we estimated that 383 events (95% CI, 212-552) could have been prevented with an effective preemptive genotyping program. Our results suggest that multiplexed, preemptive genotyping may represent an efficient alternative approach to current single-use ("reactive") methods and may also improve safety. © 2012 American Society for Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics. ER  - 
Perioperative management of antiplatelet agents$$$ Perioperative management of antiplatelet agents is a common challenge with the increased number of patients requiring long-term therapy following coronary stenting. Debate currently exists regarding if and when to discontinue antiplatelet therapy prior to elective surgery. The delicate balance between decreasing the risk of bleeding intraoperatively and minimizing the risk of stent thrombosis in patients who are already at a high thrombotic risk is a major concern. This article summarizes the information available for perioperative management of common antiplatelet agents, as well as antiplatelet agents in development. ER  - 
Impact of antiplatelet therapy in heart disease$$$ Because platelet activation plays an important pathophysiological role in acute coronary syndromes, antiplatelet agents are a mainstay of cardiovascular therapy, both in high-risk primary prevention and in secondary prevention. This is usually done with aspirin in all such cases, and adding a P2Y12 inhibitor in secondary prevention usually for 1 year after an acute coronary syndrome, especially after stent implantation. P2Y12 inhibitors include ticlopidine (now rarely used), clopidogrel, prasugrel, and ticagrelor. In the setting of high-risk acute coronary syndromes treated with percutaneous coronary interventions, the addition of a glycoprotein IIb/IIIa antagonist, especially abciximab, is contemplated. Conversely, the role of antiplatelet therapy in preventing stroke after atrial fibrillation has been recently downgraded in most risk classes, in favor of anticoagulants. This chapter provides a general overview of the use of antiplatelet agents in heart disease. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Genetic considerations$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and a P2Y12 receptor antagonist improves outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndrome and in those treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) and a coronary stent. Candidate gene and genome-wide association studies have found that common genetic polymorphisms of the cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19 isoenzyme that result in a loss of functional activity are associated with less exposure of clopidogrel active metabolite and a diminished antiplatelet effect. Meta-analyses of registries and genetic substudies of randomized clinical trials demonstrate that carriers of these polymorphisms who are treated with clopidogrel are at an increased risk of cardiovascular events, particularly stent thrombosis, compared with noncarriers. This deleterious effect appears to be attenuated in patients not treated with PCI. The influence of polymorphisms of other genes, such as ABCB1, is inconsistent across clinical studies. The clinical efficacy of the newer P2Y12 antagonists prasugrel and ticagrelor do not appear to be affected by the CYP2C19 genotype, but these agents increase major bleeding not related to coronary artery bypass surgery. Although data from randomized clinical trials are currently lacking, these observations suggest that a pharmacogenomic-guided approach to antiplatelet therapy in acute coronary syndrome could potentially maximize ischemic benefit while minimizing bleeding risk. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Antiplatelet therapy in stroke prevention$$$ Ischemic stroke is a major cause of death and disability worldwide. Determination of the underlying stroke mechanism is critical for the optimization of treatment. The role of antiplatelet therapy in primary and secondary stroke prevention is of major significance. Antiplatelet agents predominantly in use are aspirin, clopidogrel, and combination regimens. Novel antiplatelet agents either in use or in advance clinical development seek an indication in the management of stroke patients; yet data are limited. The present review focuses on the optimization of antithrombotic therapy in the field of primary and secondary prevention of stroke, based on data obtained from randomized controlled trials and systemic reviews of the literature. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Importance of potent P2Y(12) receptor blockade in acute myocardial infarction: focus on prasugrel.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Prasugrel therapy is recommended in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). AREAS COVERED: This article reviews the efficacy and safety profile of prasugrel, cost considerations, and its role in clinical practice based on published data. The authors searched PubMed and Ovid databases for English language clinical trial articles involving the use of prasugrel in human subjects and patients, published through June 2012. The keyword "prasugrel" was used. The review focuses on clinical trials, but other articles including Food and Drug Administration documents are also reviewed. EXPERT OPINION: Prasugrel has a more rapid and greater pharmacodynamic (PD) effect than clopidogrel. No significant drug - drug interactions have been reported. In a large-scale randomized clinical trial, prasugrel was associated with better protection against ischemic event occurrence compared to clopidogrel, but more bleeding in ACS patients undergoing PCI. Adverse outcomes outweighed the benefit of prasugrel in certain subgroups, including patients over the age of 75, those weighing less than 60 kg, and patients with a prior history of stroke or transient ischemic attack. In subsequent PD studies, prasugrel therapy showed suboptimal platelet inhibition in selected patients. In addition, "hyper-responsiveness" to prasugrel may increase the risk of serious bleeding in high-risk patients. More detailed studies are warranted to explore antiplatelet regimens tailored to optimally limit ischemic and bleeding event occurrences. A Phase-III TRILOGY trial (NCT00699998) will indicate the clinical efficacy and safety of prasugrel in patients with non-ST-segment elevation ACS, who are medically managed without coronary revascularization. ER  - 
Platelet function and inhibition in ischemic heart disease$$$ Platelets play an important role in the pathogenesis of thrombosis, the most common cause for the development of acute coronary syndromes such as complications occurring during percutaneous coronary intervention. Platelets act with a multiple step mechanism, in which different surface molecules are involved representing important therapeutic targets of antiplatelet agents. Despite clopidogrel efficacy which has been demonstrated in several studies, recurrent ischemic events remain considerably high in patients on treatment due to low clopidogrel responsiveness, a phenomenon influenced by environmental, clinical, and genetic factors. New P2Y12 blockers such as prasugrel and ticagrelor have been successfully introduced in clinical practice, whereas cangrelor, with a rapid offset and reversible platelet inhibition, may represent a useful bridging therapy in patients undergoing surgery. Moreover, the simultaneous inhibition of thrombin platelet aggregation by protease-activated receptor inhibitors may be an adjunctive approach in patients with coronary artery disease. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2012. ER  - 
The drugs don't work - Platelet resistance$$$ Platelet resistance, or resistance to antiplatelet medication, can be defined as failure of the antiplatelet agent to produce the desired effect of inhibiting platelet aggregation. Platelet inhibitors or antiplatelet agents are widely prescribed to prevent and treat acute vascular events such as myocardial infarction and transient ischaemic attacks. In interventional practice, antiplatelet therapy is essential for both premedication and maintenance treatment of patients receiving endovascular therapies such as coronary or cerebrovascular stents. However, some patients do not respond, or respond suboptimally, to antiplatelet therapy, with consequent increased risk of morbidity and mortality if this is not recognised. Understanding the role of platelets in haemostasis and the mechanism of action of antiplatelet agents helps us to understand why these drugs sometimes fail. The increasing availability of platelet function testing has led to improved patient management, but the available platelet function testing devices differ in how and what they measure, and so interpretation of test results may be challenging. There are three classes of platelet inhibitors: aspirin, thienopyridine derivatives, such as clopidogrel (Plavix), and GP IIb/IIIa receptor antagonists such as Abciximab (Reopro). Only the first two classes are of use for long term treatment of patients. Platelets are small short lived cells that circulate in the bloodstream in inactive form; once activated they are integral to primary haemostasis. Active platelets use cyclooxygenases COX1 and COX2 to produce prostaglandin H2, from which Thromboxane A2 is synthesised. Thromboxane A2 stimulates platelet activation and also stimulates the expression of GIIb/IIIa receptors on the surface of the platelet. These receptors are the linking sites for fibrinogen, allowing platelets to aggregate together. Binding of fibrinogen to GII/IIIa receptors to link platelets together requires ADP, which has to bind to a P2Y12 receptor to facilitate fibrinogen attachment. Aspirin irreversibly binds to COX1, rendering it inactive, and so impairs synthesis of Thromboxane A2. This results in reduced activation of additional platelets and prevention of expression of GII/IIIa receptors on the platelet surface. Clopidogrel blocks the P2Y12 receptor, preventing ADP from attaching and therefore preventing aggregation of platelets by fibrinogen. The prevalence of aspirin resistance has been quoted as up to 60%, indicating the variation in definitions, assays and patient populations. Clinical, cellular and genetic factors all contribute to resistance. Clopidogrel resistance has a quoted prevalence of up to 30%, with contributory factors including dose, interaction with other medications and liver function. Platelet function testing adds another layer of complexity, as different types of testing machines, using different reagents, unsurprisingly may give results that differ with each other. There is a move away from 'gold standard' laboratory aggregometers towards 'point of care' testing, leading to earlier treatment modification. Questions remain on whether platelet function testing is relevant in practice, and if so in which situations. Much of the research performed in the cardiac disease population for example may not be directly transferable to the neurovascular population, where the consequences of treatment failure have different implications for patient outcome. Dose, duration of antiplatelet treatment, platelet function testing and strategies for managing platelet resistance in different populations would all benefit from further research. ER  - 
Switch and non switch in P2Y12 inhibition: the real life use of clopidogrel and prasugrel in patients with acute myocardial infarction. Insights from the FAST MI 2010 registry$$$ Background: In patients with AMI, the choice between clopidogrel and prasugrel requires information that is not always available at the early phase, such as indication for PCI or assessment of bleeding and thrombosis risk. When initial clopidogrel treatment seems sub-optimal, switching to prasugrel seems attractive, but is not yet recommended. We assessed baseline characteristics and in-hospital outcomes in prasugrel-treated patients, according to the initial use of clopidogrel before prasugrel initiation. Methods: FAST-MI 2010 is a nationwide French registry that included 4169 patients with AMI in 213 centres. In total, 4115 received thienopyridines, of whom 1259 received prasugrel (31%). Among these, 391 received “de novo” prasugrel (G1), 807 (64%) were treated with clopidogrel first and then switched to prasugrel (G2), of whom 11% had a 60mg loading dose of prasugrel. We excluded 61 pts who received prasugrel initially and subsequently switched to clopidogrel. We compared baseline characteristics, bleeding and ischemic complications between G1 and G2, and then used propensity-score matching (propensity to be treated with prasugrel) to compare outcomes in 2 cohorts with similar baseline characteristics. Results: Age and sex were similar in G1 and G2; more G2 pts had a history of AMI (13% vs 8%, P=0.01), PCI (14% vs 9.5%, P=0.02), underwent PCI during the hospital stay (96% vs 93%, P=0.047) or received lytic treatment for STEMI (21% vs 5%, P<0.001). With the exception of major bleeding, which was less frequent in G2 (0 vs 1.0%, P=0.004), none of the other complications differed significantly (Table). The 2 propensity-score matched cohorts (316 patients each) had completely similar baseline characteristics and 96% (switch clopidogrel to prasugrel) vs 94% (prasugrel only) followed the recommended indication for prasugrel use; none of the complications differed significantly (switch vs no switch): any bleeding (4.1 vs 6.6%), major bleeding (0 vs 0.3%), stent thrombosis (1.3 vs 0.9%), stroke (0.3 vs 0%), reinfarction (1.3 vs 0.6%), in-hospital death (0.3 vs 0.3%). Conclusion: In this real-world registry, a high proportion of patients treated with prasugrel were switched from clopidogrel therapy (64%). There was no evidence of excess risk of bleeding or in-hospital complications in the patients who were switched, compared with those who received prasugrel treatment only. Further randomized studies are mandatory to determine the safety and efficacy of this strategy. ER  - 
POPular Risk Score for individualized antiplatelet therapy following non-urgent PCI$$$ Background and relevance: Despite the use of dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel, approximately 10% of patients suffer from atherothrombotic events in the first year after PCI. Multiple risk factors, including high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR) and carriership of CYP2C19 gene polymorphisms, have been identified. Recently developed point-of-care tests allow rapid evaluation of platelet reactivity and CYP2C19 metabolizer status in routine clinical practice. Novel antiplatelet drugs - like prasugrel and ticagrelor - reduce atherothrombotic events in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients and are not influenced by CYP2C19 metabolizer status. However, the use of prasugrel or ticagrelor leads to a higher bleeding risk and more cost. Objective: To develop a risk score for tailoring antiplatelet therapy for non-urgent PCI patients. Methods: Based on recent literature and clinical relevance the following scoring system was developed: platelet function (2 points for HPR, measured by VerifyNow P2Y12), CYP2C19 gene polymorphisms (1 point for each ∗2 or ∗3 allele), clinical risk factors (DM, LVEF <30%, connecting stent length >30mm; 0.5 point for each factor) and ACS in the previous 14 days (1 point, platelet function was not scored in these patients). Patients with a risk score ≥2 points received prasugrel or ticagrelor, otherwise clopidogrel was prescribed. Results: Validation: we validated the risk score using the POPular study cohort, containing 1069 elective PCI patients (Breet et al. JAMA 2010). In a ROC curve analysis a cut off value of 2 points proved to be optimal. Patients with a risk score of ≤1.5 points had a 6.6% event rate for the combined endpoint of myocardial infarction, CVA, stent thrombosis and all-cause mortality in 1 year following PCI, compared to 12.0% for patients with ≥2 points (p=0.003). Implementation into clinical practise: the POPular Risk Score was performed in >1000 consecutive non-urgent PCI patients. Tailoring antiplatelet drug advice based on the POPular risk score was achieved within 24 hours in 98% of patients. Clopidogrel was switched to prasugrel or ticagrelor in 31.3% of patients. Follow-up for atherothrombotic and bleeding events will be achieved by May 2012. Conclusion: The POPular Risk Score can discriminate between patients with a high or low risk for atherothrombotic events in a large cohort of non-urgent PCI patients. Prescribing antiplatelet drugs based on platelet function and CYP2C19 genotype results is feasible in daily clinical practice. Follow-up for atherothrombotic and bleeding events will be achieved by May 2012. ER  - 
Profile and in-hospital outcomes of patients treated with a high (600 mg) clopidogrel loading dose versus prasugrel for acute myocardial infarction. The FAST MI 2010 registry$$$ Background: In real-life, many AMI patients receive high doses of clopidogrel (≥600 mg loading dose) as an alternative to newer P2Y12 inhibitors. Aim: To compare baseline profile and outcomes of patients receiving a high clopidogrel dose, vs those getting prasugrel in AMI. Methods: Nationwide French registry including 4169 AMI patients in 213 centres; 4115 with thienopyridines, 808 (High-C group: 20%) with a ≥600mg loading dose of clopidogrel (no later switch to prasugrel) and 391 (P group: 9.5%) with prasugrel only (no switch from clopidogrel). We compared baseline profile, bleeding and ischemic complications in High-C and P groups, and then used propensity-score matching to compare outcomes in 2 cohorts with similar baseline characteristics. Results: High-C pts were older than P-group pts (65 vs 57 years; P<0.001), with a higher GRACE score (141±35 vs 127±26, P<0.001); there was more women (29% vs 11%, P<0.001), diabetes (18 vs 12%, P=0.007), hypertension (57 vs 37%, P<0.001), stroke/TIA (5% vs 1%, P=0.001), or renal failure (3.5 vs 1.0%, P=0.01) in the high-C group. P-group had more STEMI (77% vs 61%, P<0.001) and more often had PCI (93% vs 85%, P<0.001), but less often fibrinolysis (5% vs 10%). None of the complications differed significantly after multivariate adjustment (Table). The 2 propensity-score matched cohorts (335 patients each) had completely similar baseline characteristics; none of the complications differed significantly (High-C vs P): any bleeding (8.1 vs 6.9%), major bleeding (0.3 vs 0.9%), stent thrombosis (0.1 vs 0.9%), stroke (0 vs 0.3%), reinfarction (0 vs 0.9%), inhospital death (0.9 vs 0.3%). (Table presented) Conclusion: In this real-world registry, patients receiving high-dose clopidogrel had a more severe risk profile than those receiving prasugrel. In-hospital complications were uncommon and there was no significant difference between highdose clopidogrel and prasugrel after adjustment for potential confounders. ER  - 
Cardiovascular outcomes in patients using clopidogrel with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors$$$ Background: Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) have been shown to improve motor recovery after ischemic stroke. However, their inhibitory effect on CYP2C19 may impair the bioactivation of clopidogrel, which is often coprescribed for secondary prevention after stroke and acute coronary syndromes. Objectives: We sought to study the effect of CYP2C19- inhibiting SSRIs on the risk for both ischemic and hemorrhagic events in clopidogrel users. Methods: We identified cohorts of clopidogrel initiators with concomitant SSRI pharmacotherapy in three US claims databases (Medicare data from two states and data from a large commercial health plan). We compared event rates between users of the CYP2C19-inhibiting SSRIs fluoxetine or fluvoxamine and users of SSRIs with negligible CYP2C19 inhibiton, using a propensity-score adjusted Cox proportional hazards model. We included in the propensity score known risk factors for cardiovascular outcomes and we stratified the Cox model by database. Hazard ratios were estimated in intention-to-treat (ITT; up to 180 days) and as-treated (AT) analyses. Results: Among 2300 eligible patients with SSRI exposure at the time of clopidogrel initiation, 309 (13.4%) used fluoxetine or fluvoxamine. The mean duration of concomitant clopidogrel and SSRI exposure was 28.3 days and was similar between groups. Overall we identified 320 ischemic and 53 hemorrhagic events in the 180 days following clopodigrel initiation. Hazard ratios for ischemic events (95% CI) comparing inhibitory vs. non-inhibitory SSRI users were 1.10 (0.79, 1.52) in the ITT analysis, and 0.99 (0.58, 1.67) in the AT analysis. For hemorrhagic events, hazard ratios (95% CI) were 0.72 (0.31, 1.71) in the ITT and 0.59 (0.14, 2.58) in the AT analysis. Conclusions: Our results did not indicate a significant effect of CYP2C19-inhibiting SSRIs on the risk of thromboembolic events in clopidogrel users. We observed a reduction in hemorrhagic events, consistent with the hypothesized interaction mechanism, but confidence intervals were wide and the absolute event incidence was low. ER  - 
Clinical application of cardiovascular pharmacogenetics$$$ Pharmacogenetics primarily uses genetic variation to identify subgroups of patients who may respond differently to a certain medication. Since its first description, the field of pharmacogenetics has expanded to study a broad range of cardiovascular drugs and has become a mainstream research discipline. Three principle classes of pharmacogenetic markers have emerged: 1) pharmacokinetic; 2) pharmacodynamic; and 3) underlying disease mechanism. In the realm of cardiovascular pharmacogenetics, significant advances have identified markers in each class for a variety of therapeutics, some with a potential for improving patient outcomes. While ongoing clinical trials will determine if routine use of pharmacogenetic testing may be beneficial, the data today support pharmacogenetic testing for certain variants on an individualized, case-by-case basis. Our primary goal is to review the association data for the major pharmacogenetic variants associated with commonly used cardiovascular medications: antiplatelet agents, warfarin, statins, beta-blockers, diuretics, and antiarrhythmic drugs. In addition, we highlight which variants and in which contexts pharmacogenetic testing can be implemented by practicing clinicians. The pace of genetic discovery has outstripped the generation of the evidence justifying its clinical adoption. Until the evidentiary gaps are filled, however, clinicians may choose to target therapeutics to individual patients whose genetic background indicates that they stand to benefit the most from pharmacogenetic testing. © 2012 American College of Cardiology Foundation. ER  - 
Ticagrelor in ST-elevation myocardial infarction$$$ Ticagrelor is a new oral antagonist of the platelet P2Y12 receptor that offers several potential advantages compared to clopidogrel including faster and more effective inhibition of platelet aggregation. Ticagrelor has been compared to clopidogrel in the PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial in a broad population of patients with acute coronary syndrome showing a reduction of the 12-month risk of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction and stroke without increasing the overall risk of major bleeding. In a subanalysis of the PLATO trial focusing on patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction, ticagrelor results were consistent with those of the overall trial. Additionally, possible pleiotropic effects of ticagrelor, including an appealing interaction with adenosine, might constitute a specific advantage in this particular subset of patients. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Lessons from platelet inhibition and patient outcomes$$$ Purpose of review: Ticagrelor is a new, direct acting, reversibly binding P2Y12 receptor antagonist with more potent inhibition of platelets than clopidogrel and which does not require metabolic activation. It was compared with clopidogrel, on a background of the standard of care in a randomized trial in the Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes (PLATO) study, on patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The purpose was to evaluate the efficacy and safety results from the global, prospective trial in a broad population [ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) and non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) patients] with ACS. Recent findings: The main findings were a significant reduction of the primary outcome (death from vascular causes/myocardial infarction/stroke) with ticagrelor versus clopidogrel [9.8 versus 11.7% (hazard ratio 0.84; 95% confidence interval: 0.77-0.92); P<0.001] without a significant increase in PLATO-defined major bleeding (11.6 versus 11.2%, respectively; P=0.43), but a higher occurrence of noncoronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) related major bleeding (4.5 versus 3.8%; P=0.026). In addition, there was a significant reduction in vascular mortality (4.0 versus 5.1%; P=0.001). The findings were consistent in all subgroups, such as for STEMI, NSTEMI, planned invasive or noninvasive strategy, diabetes, renal function, and CABG. Summary: Among patients with an ACS with or without ST-segment elevation, treatment with ticagrelor, as compared with clopidogrel, significantly reduced the rate of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke without an increase in the rate of overall major bleeding but with an increase in the rate of nonprocedure-related bleeding. © 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
CYP2C19*2/ABCB1-C3435T polymorphism and risk of cardiovascular events in coronary artery disease patients on clopidogrel: Is clinical testing helpful?$$$ Background: Studies evaluating CYP2C19*2 and ABCB1-C3435T polymorphisms have shown conflicting results. We performed this meta-analysis to evaluate role of clinical testing for these polymorphisms in CAD patients on clopidogrel. Methods: 19, 601 patients from 14 trials were analyzed. The endpoints were major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), cardiovascular (CV) death, stent thrombosis (ST), myocar- dial infarction (MI), stroke and major bleeding. Combined relative risks (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were computed for each outcome by using standard methods of meta-analysis and test parameters were computed. Results: CYP2C19*2 polymorphism was associated with higher risk of MACE [RR: 1. 28, CI: 1. 06-1. 54; p= 0. 009], CV death [RR: 3. 21, CI: 1. 65-6. 23; p= 0. 001], MI [RR: 1. 36, CI: 1. 12-1. 65; p= 0. 002], ST [RR: 2. 41, CI: 1. 69-3. 41; p < 0. 001]. No difference was seen in major bleeding events [RR: 1. 02, CI: 0. 86-1. 20; p= 0. 83]. Subgroup analysis showed similar results for elective PCI [RR: 1. 34, CI: 1. 01-1. 76; p= 0. 03], and PCI with DES [RR: 1. 53, CI: 1. 029-1. 269; p= 0. 03]. CYP2C19*2 polymorphism has very low sensitivity (28-58%), specificity (71-73%), positive predictive value (3-10%) but good negative predictive value (92-99%). ABCB1- C3435T polymorphism analysis revealed similar MACE [RR: 1. 13, CI: 0. 99-1. 29; p= 0. 06], ST [RR: 0. 88, CI: 0. 52-1. 47; p = 0. 63] and major bleeding [RR: 1. 04, CI: 0. 87-1. 25; p = 0. 62] in both groups. Conclusion: In CAD patients on clopidogrel therapy, CYP2C19*2 polymorphism is associated with significantly increased adverse cardiovascular events. However, due to the low positive predictive value, routine genetic testing cannot be recommended at present. © 2012, Cardiological Society of India. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Advances in antiplatelet therapy for acute coronary syndromes$$$ Admissions to emergency care centres with acute coronary syndromes remain one of the principal burdens on healthcare systems in the Western world. Early pharmacological treatment in these patients is crucial, lessening the impact on both morbidity and mortality, with the cornerstone of management being antiplatelet agents. While aspirin and clopidogrel have been the drugs of choice for nearly a decade, an array of newer, more potent antiplatelet agents are now available or in late stage development. Data are rapidly gathering suggesting these agents have superior anti-ischaemic properties, improving patient outcomes, but that for some agents increased vigilance and appropriate patient selection may be necessary to guard against bleeding complications. In this review, the authors aim to deliver an overview of the changing field of antiplatelet therapy and provide information about the relative risks and benefits of these newer agents, many of which will be entering widespread clinical use imminently. ER  - 
Variability in clopidogrel response and associated perioperative thromboembolic and hemorrhagic complications in the initial cohort of patients treated with the pipeline device at a tertiary referral medical center$$$ Purpose To determine the variability in clopidogrel response and examine its relationship to perioperative thromboembolic and hemorrhagic complications in the initial cohort of patients treated with the Pipeline device at a tertiary medical center. Methods The Abstract O-035 table 1 summarizes the dual antiplatelet therapy regimens implemented in the first 6 and subsequent 15 patients in our cohort. All patients underwent P2Y12 inhibition testing with the VerifyNow test. P2Y12 inhibition target therapeutic range was 40-199 platelet reaction units (PRUs) or 40-89% inhibition. Variability in patient response to clopidogrel therapy was defined as follows: (1) Non-responder if PRUs >240 or <20% inhibition, (2) poor responder if PRUs 200-240 or 20%e39% inhibition, (3) hyper-responder if PRUs <40 or ≥90% inhibition. Perioperative thromboembolic and hemorrhagic complications were recorded. Results 21 patients were included in our study, 17 females (81%) and four males (19%). Mean patient age was 59.7 years (median 63 years, range 31-81 years). In the initial pre-treatment P2Y12 inhibition test, three patients were non-responders to clopidogrel therapy (14.3%), two patients were poor responders to clopidogrel therapy (9.5%), and two patients were hyper-responders to clopidogrel therapy (9.5%). In the post-treatment P2Y12 inhibition test, two patients who had initially been within the target therapeutic range became hyper-responders to clopidogrel therapy (9.5%, both symptomatic). Three patients experienced perioperative thromboembolic complications (14.3%, two cerebral infarctions and one transient ischemic attack), which resolved without a new permanent neurological deficit in two patients and caused a new permanent neurological deficit leading to moderate disability in one patient (4.8%). One patient experienced a perioperative hemorrhagic complication consisting of a frontal intracerebral hemorrhage ipsilateral to the Pipeline device (4.8%), which resolved without a new permanent neurological deficit. Two of the three patients (66.7%) who experienced thromboembolic complications had been poor responders to clopidogrel therapy in the initial P2Y12 inhibition test. The patient who experienced the hemorrhagic complication had become a hyper-responder to clopidogrel therapy after the initial P2Y12 inhibition test. There was a strong trend toward fewer perioperative complications in the second group of patients (6.7%) compared to the first (50%, p value 0.053). Conclusion We found significant and dynamic variability in patient response to clopidogrel therapy in our initial cohort of patients treated with the Pipeline device, with 43% of patients falling outside the P2Y12 inhibition target therapeutic range in the perioperative period. This variability in patient response to clopidogrel therapy appears to be directly related to the perioperative thromboembolic and hemorrhagic complications in our cohort. Adopting a protocol with early initiation of dual antiplatelet therapy, rigorous pre and post-procedure P2Y12 inhibition testing, and active management of patients who fall outside the target therapeutic range may minimize the risk of perioperative thromboembolic and hemorrhagic complications in patients treated with the Pipeline device. (Table presented). ER  - 
Paraoxonase-1 is not a major determinant of stent thrombosis in a Taiwanese population$$$ Background: Clopidogrel is a prodrug that undergoes in vivo bioactivation to show its antiplatelet effects. Recent studies have shown that cytochrome P450 (CYP), ATP-binding cassette transporters (ABCB1), and paraoxonase-1 (PON1) play crucial roles in clopidogrel bioactivation. Here, we aim to determine the effects of genetic polymorphisms of CYP (CYP 2C19*2, CYP 2C19*3, and CYP 2C19*17), ABCB1 (ABCB1 3435C>T, ABCB1 129T>C, and ABCB1 2677G>T/A), and PON1 (PON1 Q192R, PON1 L55M, and PON1 108C>T) on the development of stent thrombosis (ST) in patients receiving clopidogrel after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods and Results: We evaluated the incidence of ST (0.64%) in 4964 patients who were recruited in the CAPTAIN registry (Cardiovascular Atherosclerosis and Percutaneous TrAnsluminal INterventions). The presence of genetic polymorphisms was assessed in 20 subjects who developed ST after aspirin and clopidogrel therapy and in 40 age- and sex-matched control subjects who did not develop ST, which was documented after 9 months of angiographic follow-up. ST was acute in 5 subjects, subacute in 7, late in 7, and very late in 1. The presence of CYP 2C19*2 allele was significantly associated with ST (adjusted odds ratio [ORadj]: 4.20, 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.263-9.544; P = 0.031). However, genetic variations in PON1 and ABCB1 showed no significant association with ST. Conclusion: We conclude that in a Taiwanese population, PON1 Q192R genotype is not associated with ST development after PCI. However, the presence of CYP 2C19*2 allele is a risk factor for ST development after PCI. © 2012 Chen et al. ER  - 
Clinical drug development in thromboembolic diseases: Regulatory and methodological approach$$$ Coinciding in time with the expiration of the patent of enoxaparin and clopidogrel, a number of new antithrombotics (anticoagulants and antiplatelets with new mechanisms of action) have been developed or are still under development for both venous and arterial thromboembolic complications. The effect of antithrombotic drugs is a continuum where a fine tune assessment of the ischemic events that are intended to be prevented and bleeding complications derived naturally from the own mechanism of action of the administered agent is essential. This paper discusses relevant aspects of pivotal studies aimed to support the marketing authorisation application of new antithrombotics for the prophylaxis or treatment of venous thromboembolism on one hand, and arterial thromboembolism on the other hand (acute coronary syndromes and stroke and systemic embolic events in patients with atrial fibrillation). General methodological issues and tools to assess efficacy and safety parameters and problems encountered in the way they are measured and classified are discussed.© 2012 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Current and future alternatives to warfarin for the prevention of stroke in atrial fibrillation$$$ Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common sustained arrhythmia in clinical practice and is associated with a nearly 5-fold increase in the risk of stroke. Warfarin has been the cornerstone of treatment to reduce stroke risk in AF patients for decades. Although effective in preventing thrombosis, warfarin is difficult to manage and is associated with a 1% to 7% yearly risk of major hemorrhage. Until recently, there were no effective oral alternatives to warfarin. Dabigatran etexilate, a direct thrombin inhibitor, was approved in 2010 for the reduction of stroke and systemic embolism in patients with nonvalvular AF, and the factor Xa inhibitor rivaroxaban was approved for a similar indication in 2011. Other late-stage orally administered agents that may be approved for this indication include apixaban and edoxaban; others at earlier stages of development will be discussed in this review as well. Nonpharmacological approaches to stroke prevention include left atrial appendage removal, ligation, or occlusion. This review examines advances in the management of stroke risk in AF patients, focusing on recently marketed and late-stage modalities. The advent of alternatives to warfarin for reducing stroke risk in AF patients may improve physicians' ability to offer safe and effective stroke prevention in all AF patients. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Exploratory planning and implementation of a pilot pharmacogenetic program in a community pharmacy$$$ Aim: To describe the exploratory planning and implementation of a pilot pharmacogenetic program in a community pharmacy. An institutional review board-approved protocol for a clopidogrel pharmacogenetic program in a community pharmacy was developed to address feasibility and evaluate the pilot program. Study concept: Subjects taking clopidogrel are asked to participate at the point of medication dispensing. A pharmacist schedules an appointment with subjects to discuss the study and collects a buccal swab sample for CYP2C19 testing. When the results are available, the pharmacist consults with the subject's prescriber regarding test result interpretation and associated recommendations, and schedules a second appointment with the participant to discuss results and review any physician-approved therapeutic changes. The intervention-associated consultation is then billed to the subject's insurance. Results: Subject enrollment has begun. Conclusion: Community pharmacists may be valuable partners in pharmacogenetics. © 2012 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Prasugrel: A guide to its use in patients with acute coronary syndromes undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention in the US$$$ Oral prasugrel (Effient®; Efient®) provides rapid, potent inhibition of platelet aggregation. It is indicated (in combination with aspirin) for the prevention of atherothrombotic events in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). In the pivotal clinical trial in this patient population, prasugrel-based therapy was associated with a significantly lower incidence of ischemic events than clopidogrel-based therapy. However, the efficacy of prasugrel was offset by a higher risk of bleeding than clopidogrel, with patients aged ≥75 years, those weighing <60kg and those with a history of stroke or transient ischemic attack at the greatest risk. Prasugrel appears to have an overall favorable risk:benefit ratio in ACS patients undergoing PCI who do not have these three easily identifiable clinical characteristics. Limited pharmacoeconomic analyses suggest that prasugrel-based therapy is an economically attractive treatment strategy relative to clopidogrel-based therapy from a US healthcare payer perspective. Adis © 2012 Springer International Publishing AG. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clopidogrel and proton pump inhibitors - Where do we stand in 2012?$$$ Clopidogrel in association with aspirine is considered state of the art of medical treatment for acute coronary syndrome by reducing the risk of new ischemic events. Concomitant treatment with proton pump inhibitors in order to prevent gastrointestinal side effects is recommended by clinical guidelines. Clopidogrel needs metabolic activation predominantly by the hepatic cytochrome P450 isoenzyme Cytochrome 2C19 (CYP2C19) and proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) are extensively metabolized by the CYP2C19 isoenzyme as well. Several pharmacodynamic studies investigating a potential clopidogrel-PPI interaction found a significant decrease of the clopidogrel platelet antiaggregation effect for omeprazole, but not for pantoprazole. Initial clinical cohort studies in 2009 reported an increased risk for adverse cardiovascular events, when under clopidogrel and PPI treatment at the same time. These observations led the United States Food and Drug Administration and the European Medecines Agency to discourage the combination of clopidogrel and PPI (especially omeprazole) in the same year. In contrast, more recent retrospective cohort studies including propensity score matching and the only existing randomized trial have not shown any difference concerning adverse cardiovascular events when concomitantly on clopidogrel and PPI or only on clopidogrel. Three meta-analyses report an inverse correlation between clopidogrel-PPI interaction and study quality, with high and moderate quality studies not reporting any association, rising concern about unmeasured confounders biasing the low quality studies. Thus, no definite evidence exists for an effect on mortality. Because PPI induced risk reduction clearly overweighs the possible adverse cardiovascular risk in patients with high risk of gastrointestinal bleeding, combination of clopidogrel with the less CYP2C19 inhibiting pantoprazole should be recommended. ER  - 
Lessons from platelet inhibition and patient outcomes$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Ticagrelor is a new, direct acting, reversibly binding P2Y12 receptor antagonist with more potent inhibition of platelets than clopidogrel and which does not require metabolic activation. It was compared with clopidogrel, on a background of the standard of care in a randomized trial in the Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes (PLATO) study, on patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The purpose was to evaluate the efficacy and safety results from the global, prospective trial in a broad population [ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) and non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) patients] with ACS. RECENT FINDINGS: The main findings were a significant reduction of the primary outcome (death from vascular causes/myocardial infarction/stroke) with ticagrelor versus clopidogrel [9.8 versus 11.7% (hazard ratio 0.84; 95% confidence interval: 0.77-0.92); P < 0.001] without a significant increase in PLATO-defined major bleeding (11.6 versus 11.2%, respectively; P = 0.43), but a higher occurrence of noncoronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) related major bleeding (4.5 versus 3.8%; P = 0.026). In addition, there was a significant reduction in vascular mortality (4.0 versus 5.1%; P = 0.001). The findings were consistent in all subgroups, such as for STEMI, NSTEMI, planned invasive or noninvasive strategy, diabetes, renal function, and CABG. SUMMARY: Among patients with an ACS with or without ST-segment elevation, treatment with ticagrelor, as compared with clopidogrel, significantly reduced the rate of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke without an increase in the rate of overall major bleeding but with an increase in the rate of nonprocedure-related bleeding. ER  - 
Pharmacodynamic properties of antiplatelet agents: Current knowledge and future perspectives$$$ Platelets play an important role in atherothrombotic disease. The currently available antiplatelet drugs target key steps of platelet activation including thromboxane A2 synthesis, ADP-mediated signaling, and glycoprotein IIb/IIIa-mediated platelet aggregation. The improvement of our understanding on the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic characteristics of these drugs enables the tailoring of the most appropriate anti-thrombotic therapy to the individual patient and risk situation in the daily clinical practice. However, current antiplatelet therapies are associated with increased bleeding risk. Thus, further research on platelet functions may give rise to numerous new antiplatelet agents with high anti-thrombotic efficiency and low adverse hemorrhagic side effects. © 2012 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
A risk-benefit assessment of prasugrel, clopidogrel, and genotype-guided therapy in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ The objective of this study was to quantitatively evaluate the clinical benefits and harms of prasugrel, clopidogrel, and a CYP2C19 genotype-guided drug selection strategy for patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and planned percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). We used decision-analytic techniques to model the risks and benefits of alternative antiplatelet strategies. Sensitivity and scenario analyses were conducted to assess the uncertainty of the results. Prasugrel demonstrated little difference in net benefit as compared with clopidogrel (+0.02 quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs); 95% confidence range (CR), -0.23 to 0.21). The genotype-guided strategy had a 93% probability of greater net benefit as compared with clopidogrel (+0.05 QALYs; 95% CR, -0.02 to 0.11), and 66% probability of greater net benefit as compared with prasugrel (+0.03 QALYs; 95% CR, -0.13 to 0.24). Prasugrel and clopidogrel differ in their risk-benefit profiles but appear to offer similar net benefit on average. Use of patient-specific factors such as CYP2C19 genotype offers promise for developing a personalized medicine approach to antiplatelet treatment regimens. © 2012 American Society for Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics. ER  - 
Combined prasugrel and bivalirudin treatment during primary PCI offers a safe and effective strategy in ST-elevation MI$$$ Introduction Successful treatment of STEMI requires early diagnosis and urgent passivation of the culprit lesion by antithrombotic therapy and mechanical revascularisation. A delicate balance exists between the risk of thrombosis and bleeding, consequently the choice of antithrombotic therapy is critical. Bivalirudin, a direct thrombin inhibitor, has been shown to offer a superior safety profile over heparin and GP2b3a inhibition in STEMI (Horizons-AMI). Similarly, the novel P2Y12-receptor inhibitor, Prasugrel, achieves faster and more consistent platelet inhibition than clopidogrel with improved clinical outcomes in STEMI (TRITON-TIMI 38). Although untested in a randomised clinical trial, the combination of bivalirudin and prasugrel for the treatment of STEMI appears to offer fast and effective inhibition of thrombosis with an acceptable bleeding profile. A randomised trial is in progress (BRAVE 4) but data will not be available until 2013. Methods Since June 2010 our preferred treatment strategy for patients presenting with STEMI has been pre-loading with prasugrel 60 mg and peri-procedural bivalirudin (0.75 mg/kg bolus followed by an infusion of 1.75 mg/kg/h). Patients >75 yrs, <65 kg, with a history of cerebrovascular accident, pre-treated with clopidogrel or intubated without NG tube access were excluded and received treatment according to operator preference. The preferred access site was the radial artery and all operators were experienced in performing percutaneous coronary intervention from this route. Patients were discharged on lifelong aspirin and prasugrel 10 mg for 12 months. Additionally, patients routinely received statin, ACE inhibitor and β-blocker therapy. Consecutive patients were enrolled over a 12-month period commencing in July 2010. Results In total 533 patients presented with STEMI and underwent treatment with PPCI in the study period. Of these 345 received a prasugrel loading dose and bivalirudin treatment (Group A). The remaining 188 patients received alternative therapy (Group B). Baseline demographics (Abstract 132 table 1) differ significantly between groups due to the criteria used for drug regimen selection. Procedural outcomes are summarised in Abstract 132 table 2. Procedural success was achieved in 97.6% of patients, using radial access in 79.9%. Bleeding occurred in 1.9% of all patients (Group A 1.2%). Stent thrombosis occurred in 1.1% of patients and no definite early stent thrombosis was observed in Group A. The 30-day death rate was 6% with 2.6% in Group A. Conclusions Use of bivalirudin and prasugrel in the acute treatment of STEMI demonstrates excellent efficacy and safety. The Horizons-AMI data suggested a risk of early stent thrombosis in the absence of heparin, however, our heparin-naive cohort were free of this complication. Furthermore, our combined strategy of anti-thrombotic therapy and preferred radial access maintains very low access-site complication rates. Randomised trial data confirming this strategy is awaited. ER  - 
Aggravation by clopidogrel, an antiplatelet drug, of HCl/aspirin-induced gastric hemorrhagic lesions in rats: Prophylactic effect of irsogladine$$$ Backgrounds & Aims: Antithrombotic therapy plays a central role in the treatment of apoplexy, cardiac disorders and peripheral arterial diseases. However, recent studies suggest that the risk of upper gastrointestinal bleeding is increased by concomitant use of antiplatelet drugs with a low-dose aspirin. In the present study, we examined the effect of an antiplatelet drug clopidogrel, a P2Y12 receptor antagonist, on the gastric bleeding induced by luminal perfusion with aspirin in rats and investigated the prophylactic effects of irsogladine on the gastric bleeding under such conditions. Methods: Male SD rats were used after 24 h fasting. Under urethane anesthesia, two catheters were inserted into the stomach, one from an incision in the esophagus and another through the pylorus via an incision in the duodenum. The stomach was then superfused with saline at a rate of 0.4 ml/min using an infusion pump, and the perfusate was collected every 5 min. After an equilibration period with saline perfusion for 60 min, the stomach was perfused with aspirin (5∼25 mM) dissolved in HCl (30∼100 mM) for another 60 min. Clopidogrel (10∼100 mg/kg) was given p.o. 24 h before the perfusion. Various antiulcer drugs, including irsogladine (1∼10 mg/kg), cimetidine (100 mg/kg), omeprazole (30 mg/kg), teprenone (300 mg/kg), rebamipide (30 mg/kg) was given i.d., immediately ate the operation, while PGE2 (1 mg/kg) was given i.v. as a single injection. Results: Gastric ulcerogenic responses to aspirin were most reproducible when the stomach was perfused with 25 mM aspirin acidified with 50 mM HCl (acidified aspirin). The ulcerogenic and bleeding responses to acidified aspirin were dose-dependently aggravated by pretreatment of clopidogrel, despite provoking by itself neither bleeding nor damage, and these responses were significant at 30 mg/kg or greater. Irsogladine dose-dependently reduced the severity of gastric damage and bleeding caused by clopidogrel plus acidified aspirin. The increased ulcerogenic and bleeding responses induced by clopidogrel plus acidified aspirin were also reduced by pretreatment of PGE2, teprenone and rebamipide, while cimetidine or omeprazole had no effect. Conclusion: These results suggest that clopidogrel, the antiplatelet drug, increases the gastric bleeding induced by acidified aspirin. Irsogladine, a mucosal protective drug, is useful for preventing gastric bleeding caused by co-administration of clopidogrel and acidified aspirin. ER  - 
Potentiation by co-administration of antiplatelet drugs of aspirin-induced gastric bleeding and ulcerogenic responses in rats: Comparison with clopidogrel, ticropidine and cilostazole$$$ Backgrounds/Aims: Although antithrombotic therapy plays a central role in the treatment of apoplexy, cardiac disorders and peripheral arterial diseases, recent studies suggest that the risk of upper gastrointestinal bleeding is increased by the concomitant use of anti-platelet drugs with low-dose aspirin (ASA). We recently reported that an antiplatelet drug clopidogrel, the P2Y12 receptor antagonist, increased gastric bleeding induced by intraluminal perfusion with acidified low dose ASA in the rat stomach. In the present study, we examined the effects of other antiplatelet drugs, such as ticlopidine and cilostazole, on gastric bleeding and lesion formation induced by intraluminal perfusion with low-dose ASA in rats, in comparison with those of clopidogrel. Methods: Male SD rats were used after 18 h fasting. Under urethane anesthesia, a soft catheter (ID: 0.8 mm) was inserted into the stomach through an incision in the esophagus and another cannula (ID: 3 mm) was provided in the stomach through the pylorus. Then, the gastric lumen was perfused at a rate of 0.4 ml/min with saline through a catheter using an infusion pump, and the perfusate was collected every 5 min. After an equilibration period with saline perfusion, the stomach was perfused with acidified ASA (25 mM in 50 mM HCl) for 60 min. Gastric bleeding was evaluated as the hemoglobin concentration in the perfusate. Clopidogrel (10-100 mg/kg, PO), ticlopidine (10-300 mg/kg, PO) or cilostazole (3-30 mg/kg, IP) was given twice, 24 h and 0.5 h before ASA perfusion. Results: Perfusion of the stomach with acidified ASA alone caused slight bleeding and lesions in the stomach. Pretreatment of the animal with clopidogrel, despite provoking by itself neither bleeding nor damage, dose-dependently increased gastric bleeding and damage after intraluminal perfusion with acidified ASA, and these responses were significantly prevented by PGE2. Likewise, ticlopidine also dose-dependently aggravated the severity of damage with an increase of gastric bleeding, the effects at 300 mg/kg being almost equivalent to those of clopidogrel at 100 mg/kg. On the other hand, cilostazole, unlike other two antiplatelet drugs, dose-dependently decreased gastric bleeding and lesions in response to acidified ASA, the inhibition of hemoglobin output and lesion score at 30 mg/kg being 68.2% and 46.8%, respectively. Conclusion: These results suggest that the antiplatelet drug ticlopidine increases gastric bleeding and ulcerogenic responses to low-dose ASA, similar to clopidogrel, while ciloztazole suppresses these responses, yet the mechanism for the protective action remains unknown. It is assumed that cilostazole may be safely used for a dual antiplatelet therapy combined with low-dose ASA, without increase of the risk of gastric bleeding. ER  - 
Brief discontinuation of proton pump inhibitor therapy enhances anti-platelet effects of clopidogrel$$$ Background: It has been suggested that proton pump inhibitor (PPI) administration may decrease clinical efficacy of clopidogrel. We have studied changes in platelet reactivity during brief discontinuation of chronic PPI administration in patients on clopidogrel maintenance therapy. Methods: Study was approved by institutional IRB and informed consent was obtained in all patients. Study population consisted of 9 outpatients (6 females, 68+/-6 years old) on chronic clopidogrel and PPI therapy. VerifyNow P2Y12 point of care assay was used to measure P2Y12 platelet reactivity unit (PRU) and percent platelet inhibition. Platelet reactivity was measured on PPI therapy, 10 days after stopping PPI, and 10 days after re-starting PPI. Control baseline platelet reactivity testing was conducted on each occasion and remained unchanged (on enrollment 321+/-44 PRU vs. off clopidogrel 327+/-33 PRU vs. on clopidogrel 342+/-36, p=0.159). Repeated measurements ANOVA analysis was used to study overall changes in platelet reactivity. Fisher's protected least significance difference intervals test was used to compare individual groups. All tests were 2-tailed, p<0.05 was considered significant. Results: We observed a significant reduction in platelet reactivity after PPI discontinuation (baseline PRU 205+/-111 vs. PRU 159+/-116 on day 10 post last PPI dose, p=0.028). Resuming PPI resulted in increased platelet reactivity (228+/-94 PRU after 10 days of PPI, p=0.002). Accordingly, PPI discontinuation was associated with significantly enhanced platelet inhibition (baseline percent inhibition 38+/-31 vs. 52+/-33% on day 10 after stopping PPI, p=0.029). Re-starting PPI resulted in significantly less effective platelet inhibition (percent inhibition 34+/-23% 10 days after PPI resumption, p=0.009). There were no significant differences in platelet reactivity (p=0.243) and percent inhibition (p=0.596) when baseline values were compared with ones obtained after 10 days of PPI treatment. Conclusions: We have documented dynamic changes in clopidogrel induced platelet inhibition associated with discontinuation and resumption of PPI therapy. Clopidogrel appears to provide significantly less effective platelet inhibition when PPI is administered simultaneously. ER  - 
Carotid artery stent thrombosis in relation to clopidogrel resistance$$$ Background: A case report of in-situ carotid artery stent thrombosis that may be related to Clopidogrel resistance. Methods: A 76-year old male, with a history of hypertension, atrial fibrillation, subdural haematoma with Burr hole evacuation and Percutaneous Left Atrial Appendage Transcatheter Occlusion implantation, presented to the Emergency Department with a left-sided hemimotor deficit, facial droop and dysarthria. NIHSS=9, BP=151/92mmHg, HR=68bpm. Neurological examination showed upper limb power (1/5) >lower limb (3/5). CT brain (CTB) showed no acute infarct/haemorrhage. CT angiogram (CTA) showed >90% right internal carotid artery (RICA) stenosis. As his neurological symptoms initially recovered and disimproved later, a cerebral angiography and stenosis stenting were performed. Post-procedure, Aspirin and Clopidogrel were started, with Omeprazole for gastroprotection. Results: MRI brain (2-days post event) showed watershed infarcts between the middle cerebral and right anterior/posterior cerebral artery territories. Carotid duplex showed RICA patency with poor apposition. No thrombus on PLAATO device or patent foramen ovale was detected on transoesophageal echocardiogram. He developed new onset left lower limb paresis on Day 9 post-admission. Urgent CTB showed no acute infarct/haemorrhage. CTA revealed stent patency with in-situ thrombosis (confirmed by cerebral angiography).The VerifyNow Aspirin Test® showed platelet inhibition at 401ARU (normal range 350- 700ARU), whilst VerifyNow P2Y12 Test® revealed no platelet inhibition activity with Clopidogrel. Consequently, Prasugrel was started and a subsequent P2Y12 test showed 65% platelet inhibition activity. He was commenced on Heparin and this was later changed to Warfarin. Conclusion: Failure to respond to Clopidogrel may have been due to concomitant use of Omeprazole or from a genetic polymorphism for cytochrome P450 2C19. Prasugrel can be considered as an alternative for those who do not respond to Clopidogrel. ER  - 
Residual platelet reactivity and silent embolic cerebral infarction after cervicocranial artery stenting: Diffusionweighted imaging study$$$ Background Endovascular procedures for cerebral steno-occlusions are increasingly being treated as a new therapeutic option. We hypothesized that high residual platelet reactivity increases the occurrence of silent embolic cerebral infarction (SECI) after stent placement of cerebral artery. Method Patients undergoing cervicocranial stent placement were recruited prospectively and were pre-medicated with anti-platelet agents (aspirin 100mg and clopidogrel 75mg). One day before procedures, immediately and 24-hour after stenting, aspirin reaction units (ARU) and P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) were measured. ARU≥550 and PRU≥275 were defined as aspirin and clopidogrel resistance, respectively. To analyze the association between SECI and residual platelet reactivity, diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) was performed in all patients before and after procedures. Result Seventy-five consecutive patients (age 38-83, mean 62.7) underwent stent placement for 85 stenoocclusions. SECI was observed in 44 patients (58.7%, 49 vessels). The majority of the lesions (73%) were located within the territory of stented vessels. The procedures for extracranial steno-occlusions were developed SECI more frequently as compared to those for intracranial arteries (69% vs. 47%; p=0.029). However, the incidence of SECI was not associated with the value of ARU or PRU or resistance to both anti-platelet agents. The upward trend in PRU before and after the procedure was observed only in patients with SECI (p=0.033). Conclusion Our study suggests insufficient platelet inhibition after dual anti-platelet agents is not related with SECI developing after cervicocranial stent placement, but the increase of PRU after stenting may be associated with SECI. ER  - 
CYP2C19 variants do not associated with clinical efficacy of clopidogrel in Korean stroke survivors$$$ BACKGROUND; CYP2C19 variants may influence platelet inhibitory activity of clopidogrel and cause higher risk of cardiovascular events. However, the effect of CYP2C19 genotypes on clinical outcomes in patients with ischemic stroke remains controversial. We studied whether CYP2C19 variants influence clopidogrel efficacy in Korean stroke survivors. METHODS; Genotyping of CYP2C19 alleles (∗1, ∗2, or ∗3) and measurement of platelet activity using VerifyNow P2Y12 were done in 98 ischemic stroke patients with taking clopidogrel. We then examined the relation of the CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles (∗2 or ∗3) to the anti-platelet activity and cardiovascular outcomes (ischemic stroke, myocardial infarction, or unstable angina) during 5-year of follow-up. RESULTS; Of 98 patients, 42.3% were non-carriers, 39.8 % had 1 CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele, and 17.3% had 2 CYP2C19 lossof- function alleles. The rates of inhibition of platelet activity by clopidogrel were 25.1±18.2 % in carriers with CYP2C19∗ 2, 22.3±19.0 % in carriers with CYP2C19∗3, and 41.6±19.4 % in noncarriers. Twenty patients(20%)experienced the compositeclinical outcomes of ischemic stroke, myocardial infarction or unstable angina during 5-year of followup. No significant association was found between the clinical outcomes and carriers of CYP2C19∗2 (HR, 1.11; 95% CI, 0.44-2.76; P=0.828) orCYP2C19∗3 (HR, 1.35;95% CI, 0.41-4.50; P=0.624).Similarly, the risk of the clinical outcomes was not significantly different between patients with any two of the CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles and those with one or none (HR, 1.40; 95% CI, 0.51, 3.86: P=0.517). CONCLUSIONS; CYP2C19 variants do not influence clopidogrel efficacy in Korean ischemic stroke survivors in this study. Further prospective studies are now required to confirm this finding in large scale. ER  - 
Classic prevalence and variation of reduced CYP219 metabolism in clopidogrel treated stroke and TIA patients and associated rates of recurrent vascular events$$$ Objective: To evaluate the frequency and effects of variability in clopidogrel CYP2C19 metabolism in cerebrovascular disease patients to determine the value of genetic testing in risk stratification. Background It has been estimated that 3% (range 2-14%) of the population are poor clopidogrel metabolizers, with significant racial variations. The presence of genetic variation lacks clinical significance unless patient outcomes are affected and there exists available alternative therapies. While poor/intermediate clopidogrel metabolizers have been shown to have more adverse cardiovascular events, little data is available on the prevalence of poor/intermediate metabolizers and the frequency of recurrent events in stroke/TIA patients. Design/Methods: Retrospective review of all stroke and TIA patients tested for the clopidogrel CYP2C19 genotype from 4/2010 to 10/2011 was performed. Demographic data was collected including age, race, CYP2C19 status, comorbidities, social risk factors, and presence of recurrent vascular events. Results: 43 stroke or TIA patients were tested for the CYP2C19 gene. 4.7% were poor (n=2), 27.9% intermediate (n=12), 62.8% extensive (n=27), and 4.7% indeterminate (n=2) metabolizers. Only 8/30 Caucasians (27%) were intermediate or poor metabolizers, compared with 6/13 (46%) non-Caucasians. At last known follow-up, of 36 patients treated with clopidogrel, none of the 23 extensive metabolizers had recurrent vascular events or thrombosis, as compared with 27% of intermediate metabolizers (3/11), and 100% of poor and indeterminate metabolizers (1/1 each). Conclusions: These data suggest that comparable proportions of poor and intermediate clopidogrel metabolizers are present in cerebrovascular patients as in cardiovascular studies, with a similarly higher prevalence of reduced metabolism in non-Caucasians. The rate of recurrent events was also higher in poor/intermediate metabolizers. Given the significant proportion of patients who are poor/intermediate metabolizers and the associated increased risk of recurrent events, consideration should be given to routine CYP2C19 testing of clopidogrel treated stroke/TIA patients, given the availability of alternative therapies for secondary stroke prevention. ER  - 
Does lovaza (Omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters - OFA) improve clopidogrel associated P2Y12 inhibition in stroke patients?$$$ Objective: Does Lovaza have synergistic P2Y12-platelet inhibition in patients on Clopidogrel? Background The action of OFA in preventing cerebrovascular disease remains unknown. In addition to altering lipid profiles, OFA may have platelet aggregation inhibitory effects as previously reported. Clopidogrel inhibits platelets via the P2Y12-receptor. The P2Y12-inhibiton is measured to determine clopidogrel effectiveness using the VerifyNow analyzer. OFAs may alter clopidogrel associated platelet inhibition via a possible synergistic effect on P2Y12-inhibition. The purpose of this study was to determine whether OFA could improve the P2Y12-inhibition in patients with low percentage of platelet-inhibition after a loading dose (300 or 600mg) of clopidogrel. Design/Methods: This is a retrospective single center study of 1794 inpatients with cardio/cerebrovascular disease, including stroke/TIA, and on clopidogrel regime. The exclusion criteria were: patients on OFA before the P2Y12-inhibition test, whose clopidogrel response tests were done prior or <2-hour after the administration of either drug, who did not get two loading doses of clopidogrel (OFA is usually given with second load), and patients with no response test. Ultimately-included were 26 patients who received two loading doses of clopidogrel (i.e. patients who did not achieve adequate inhibition with an initial clopidogrel load) and received OFA concurrently with the second loading dose; and a second group of 30 patients who received two loading dose of clopidogrel but without OFA. Results: Patients who converted to a >20%P2Y12-inhibition in the lovaza+clopidogrel group was 69.23%(18/26) while the clopidogrel alone group was 73.33%(22/30), with no statistical difference noted (p>0.05). Also computed was the average change in percent inhibition between the two groups. The lovaza+clopidogrel group had an average change in percent inhibition of 21.74%, while the clopidogrel alone group had an average change of 23.07%, with no significant difference between groups (p>0.05). Conclusions: This study did not find additional P2Y12 platelet-inhibition but OFAs might inhibit platelet aggregation through other mechanisms. ER  - 
New oral anticoagulants in atrial fibrillation and acute coronary syndromes: ESC working group on thrombosis - Task force on anticoagulants in heart disease position paper$$$ Until recently, vitamin K antagonists were the only available oral anticoagulants, but with numerous limitations that prompted the introduction of new oral anticoagulants targeting the single coagulation enzymes thrombin (dabigatran) or factor Xa (apixaban, rivaroxaban, and edoxaban) and given in fixed doses without coagulation monitoring. Here we review the pharmacology and the results of clinical trials with these new agents in stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation and secondary prevention after acute coronary syndromes, providing perspectives on their future incorporation into clinical practice. In phase III trials in atrial fibrillation, compared with warfarin, dabigatran etexilate 150 mg B.I.D. reduced the rates of stroke/systemic embolism without any difference in major bleeding; dabigatran etexilate 110 mg B.I.D. had similar efficacy with decreased bleeding; apixaban 5 mg B.I.D. reduced stroke, systemic embolism, and mortality as well as major bleeding; and rivaroxaban 20 mg Q.D. was noninferior to warfarin for stroke and systemic embolism without a difference in major bleeding. All these agents reduced intracranial hemorrhage. Edoxaban is currently being evaluated in a further large phase III trial. Apixaban and rivaroxaban were evaluated in phase III trials for prevention of recurrent ischemia in patients with acute coronary syndromes who were mostly receiving dual antiplatelet therapy, with conflicting results on efficacy but consistent results for increased major bleeding. Overall, the new oral anticoagulants are poised to replace vitamin K antagonists for many patients with atrial fibrillation and may have a role after acute coronary syndromes. Although convenient to administer and manage, they present challenges that need to be addressed. © 2012 American College of Cardiology Foundation. ER  - 
Aspirin: Pharmacology and clinical applications$$$ Antiplatelet therapy has been documented to reduce risks of cardiovascular disease after acute myocardial infarction, coronary artery bypass graft, and in chronic atrial fibrillation patients, amongst other risk factors. Conventional management of thrombosis-based disorders includes the use of heparin, oral anticoagulants, and the preferred antiplatelet agent aspirin. Interestingly, aspirin was not intended to be used as an antiplatelet agent; rather, after being repurposed, it has become one of the most widely prescribed antithrombotic drugs. To this end, there have been several milestones in the development of antiplatelet agents in the last few decades, such as adenosine diphosphate receptor inhibitors, phosphodiesterase inhibitors, and GPIIb/IIIa inhibitors. However, given some of the limitations of these therapies, aspirin continues to play a major role in the management of thrombotic and cardiovascular disorders and is expected to do so for years to come. © 2012 Enma V. Paez Espinosa et al. ER  - 
Genetic and non-genetic factors affecting the response to clopidogrel therapy$$$ Introduction: Clopidogrel (CLP) is a second-generation thienopyridine that prevents platelet aggregation by inhibiting the adenosine diphosphate receptor located on the platelet surface. The use of CLP in combination with aspirin has become standard treatment in patients with acute coronary syndromes and stent implantation. Data suggests that a significant percentage of individuals treated with CLP do not receive the expected therapeutic benefit because of a decreased platelet inhibition. The clinical consequences of an inadequate platelet response are cardiovascular complications, which can lead to acute myocardial infarction, stroke and death. The mechanism underlying CLP resistance is multifactorial and includes genetic polymorphisms and non-genetic causes (such as drugdrug interactions, co-morbidities, age). Areas covered: This article reviews the so-far accumulated evidence on the role of genetic polymorphisms and non-genetic factors, as determinants of the antiplatelet response to CLP. Pharmacodynamic and clinical aspects of the CLP nonresponsiveness are also presented. Relevant papers were identified by an extensive PubMed search using appropriate keywords. Expert opinion: Impaired platelet inhibition in CLP poor responders is a real problem, as it leads to serious clinical consequences. Therefore, prediction models that include pharmacogenetic knowledge and non-genetic risk factors of low response to the drug are needed in the individualization of antithrombotic therapy. Alternative antiplatelet strategies that should be considered to overcome this problem include dose modification, adjunctive antiplatelet drug usage, and use of newer agents. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
A critical appraisal of the functional evolution of P2Y12 antagonists as antiplatelet drugs$$$ P2Y12 receptor mediated inhibition of platelet aggregation is one of the most explored and exploited pathways in antiplatelet drug therapy to prevent ischemic events in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) for the treatment of the acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Ticlopidine, Clopidogrel, Prasugrel, Ticagrelor, Cangrelor and Elinogrel are the P2Y12 inhibitors that act as antiplatelet drugs. In this review, the features of these drugs and the factors reported to be responsible for drug resistance or drug ineffectiveness were described. The features like drug metabolism, reversible or irreversible binding of drugs to their target protein and the mode of administration were observed to evolve along with the antiplatelet drugs. These features also include the drug-drug interactions, the pharmacogenetics and pharmacodynamics of P2Y12 inhibitors. We attempted to critically analyze how the desirable features were met by the P2Y12 inhibitors in the course of time. This review provides an overview of the evolution of P2Y12 inhibitors and may guide the researchers to develop better antiplatelet drugs in the future. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Effect of PON1 Q192R genetic polymorphism on clopidogrel efficacy and cardiovascular events in the clopidogrel in the unstable angina to prevent recurrent events trial and the atrial fibrillation clopidogrel trial with irbesartan for prevention of vascular events$$$ Background-A recent report suggested that carriers of the Q allele of the PON1 Q192R polymorphism had decreased biotransformation of clopidogrel into its active metabolite and decreased efficacy of clopidogrel in preventing cardiovascular events. Furthermore, PON1 has been reported to have a central role in the antioxidant function of high-density lipoprotein, and the Q192R polymorphism has been previously associated with cardiovascular risk in patients not treated with clopidogrel. Methods and Results-Patients (n=5059) from the Clopidogrel in Unstable Angina to Prevent Recurrent Events (CURE) randomized trial that demonstrated benefits of clopidogrel versus placebo in preventing cardiovascular events in acute coronary syndromes were genotyped for the PON1 Q192R polymorphism. Clopidogrel compared with placebo significantly reduced the first primary efficacy outcome, irrespective of PON1 Q192R genotype (P=0.07 for heterogeneity). No association was observed between the Q192R polymorphism and cardiovascular events in the overall sample (hazard ratio [HR], 1.09 per allele; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.95-1.24; P=0.23). However, an association was observed between the Q allele and increased cardiovascular events in the placebo group (HR, 1.23 per allele; 95% CI, 1.03-1.47; P=0.03) but not in the clopidogrel group (HR, 0.93 per allele; 95% CI, 0.76 -1.13; P=0.46). In 1156 atrial fibrillation patients from the Atrial Fibrillation Clopidogrel Trial With Irbesartan for Prevention of Vascular Events, there was no evidence of interaction between PON1 genotype and clopidogrel for any outcome or for an association between genotype and cardiovascular events. Conclusions-In conclusion, our study shows that PON1 Q192R genotype does not modify the efficacy and safety of clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndromes. Further studies are needed to confirm or refute the association of the Q allele with adverse cardiovascular events independent of clopidogrel in secondary prevention patients. © 2012 American Heart Association, Inc. ER  - 
Cost-effectiveness of cytochrome P450 2C19 genotype screening for selection of antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel or prasugrel$$$ Study Objective. To estimate the cost-effectiveness of genotype-guided selection of antiplatelet therapy compared with selecting clopidogrel or prasugrel irrespective of genotype. Design. Decision model based on event occurrence in the Trial to Assess Improvement in Therapeutic Outcomes by Optimizing Platelet Inhibition with Prasugrel-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TRITON-TIMI) 38. Patients. Simulated cohort of patients with acute coronary syndrome scheduled to undergo percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), consisting of three arms: those receiving genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel or prasugrel, those receiving clopidogrel regardless of genotype, and those receiving prasugrel regardless of genotype. Measurements and Main Results. All three arms of the model incorporated the probability that patients would experience a cardiovascular event (death from cardiovascular causes, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or nonfatal stroke), a bleeding event (major or minor bleeding), or no event while receiving antiplatelet therapy during the 15 months after the scheduled PCI. The cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19 genotype determined antiplatelet drug selection in the genotyping group. Cost-effectiveness was expressed as the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) for each event avoided in the genotype-guided therapy arm versus the other two arms. Genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy was dominant, or more effective and less costly, when compared with the selection of clopidogrel (ICER +6760 [95% confidence interval (CI) +6720 to +6790]) or prasugrel (ICER +11,710 [95% CI +11,480 to +11,950]) for all patients without regard to genotype. Genotype-guided therapy that included generic clopidogrel was dominant to prasugrel for all patients (ICER +27,160 [95% CI +27,890 to +26,420]). Cost savings were not evident when genotype-guided therapy that included generic clopidogrel was compared with generic clopidogrel for all patients (ICER 2300 [95% CI 2290 to 2320]). Conclusion. Genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy selection may be more costeffective and may provide more clinical value due to fewer adverse outcomes. Copyright © 1999-2012 John Wiley & Sons, Inc. ER  - 
Pharmacogenomics of clopidogrel in stroke$$$ OBJECTIVES/SPECIFIC AIMS: African American (AA) and Hispanics (H) are disproportionately more affected by stroke than whites (W). The CYP2C19 (C19) variant genes are significant and independent predictors of reduced clopidogrel (clpg) efficacy. Cardiac patients treated with clpg with C19 loss-of-function (LOF) gene have increased risk of major adverse cardiovascular events compared with noncarriers. Clpg is a first line antiplatelet therapy options for the prevention of ischemic stroke (IS) and transient ischemic attack (TIA). We are investigating the impact of C19 polymorphism on the stroke (CVA) and the H populations in our ethnically diverse Biobank cohort. (1) Compare the H & AA C19 allele frequencies in the CVA and a stroke free cohort. (2) Investigate the additive effect of clpg treatment and C19 LOF genotype on outcomes (i.e. effectiveness and safety) while adjusting for potential confounders. (3) Assess how race affects clpg effectiveness and C19 polymorphism. METHODS/ STUDY POPULATION: A case-control study of our Biobank patients. (1) Conduct a comprehensive EMR review to investigate whether these C19 variants are associated with the effectiveness or safety outcomes in the presence of clpg treatment while adjusting for potential confounders. (2) Assess the effect of race on these outcomes via ethnicity-stratified analyses. RESULTS/ANTICIPATED RESULTS: There is varying C19 allele distribution in the different racial groups of our sample Biobank CVA cohort. There is an association between C19 LOF genotype and clpg effectiveness/ cerebrovascular disease prevalence. DISCUSSION/SIGNIFICANCE OF IMPACT: The valuable data generated from this exploratory study will serve as an essential next step in a line of inquiry that may lead to a larger prospective stroke PG trial. Our goal is to aid physicians make more informed decisions regarding the choice of antiplatelet agents in the Stroke as well as the H and AA populations. ER  - 
Prasugrel versus clopidogrel antiplatelet therapy after acute coronary syndrome: Matching treatments with patients$$$ Antithrombotic therapy is imperative in the management of patients presenting with an acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The combination of antiplatelet therapy in conjunction with antithrombotic therapy has become the standard of care in improving the morbidity and mortality of patients with an ACS and in reducing ischemic complications of percutaneous coronary intervention. Patients with an ACS are at increased risk for a recurrent event, both in-hospital and for several months afterward. Secondary prevention to reduce these events is accomplished through the establishment of appropriate medical therapy. Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and adenosine 5′-diphosphate P2Y12 receptor blockers such as ticlopidine or clopidogrel are integral components of this regimen; however, both of these thienopyridines have a relatively slow onset of action and variable bioavailability. Prasugrel, a third-generation thienopyridine approved by the US FDA in 2009, has a more rapid onset of platelet inhibition than clopidogrel and ticlopidine because of increased efficiency of prodrug-to-active metabolite conversion. The result is higher and less variable concentration of the active metabolite within 60 minutes following oral dosing. Phase II and III trials assessing the safety and efficacy of prasugrel have been completed, including JUMBO-TIMI 26, PRINCIPLE-TIMI 44, and TRITON-TIMI 38. These trials demonstrated greater inhibition of platelet aggregation and lower rates of the composite endpoint of death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, and stroke compared with clopidogrel. However, major bleeding occurred more frequently with prasugrel treatment than with clopidogrel. This review highlights the current state of evidence-based antiplatelet therapy and provides guidance on appropriate use of prasugrel in cardiovascular medicine. © 2012 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Ticagrelor versus prasugrel in acute coronary syndrome patients with high on clopidogrel treatment platelet reactivity post PCI: A pharmacodynamic study$$$ Background: Newer P2Y12 inhibitors like prasugrel and ticagrelor provide stronger antiplatelet inhibition compared to clopidogrel. Both agents are efficacious in patients with high on clopidogrel treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR), but direct comparison between them has not been reported. We aimed to directly compare the antiplatelet action of ticagrelor versus prasugrel in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients with HTPR after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods: This was a single-center, randomized, single-blind, crossover study conducted in 35 (out of 123 screened, 28.5%) ACS patients with HTPR (defined as Platelet Reactivity Units-PRU ≥235 as assessed by the VerifyNow P2Y12 function assay) 24 hours post PCI. Patients with prior stroke, IIb/IIIa inhibitor administration, hemodynamic instability, severe chronic obstructive lung disease and at increased risk for bleeding or bradycardia, were excluded from the study. Randomized patients received either ticagrelor 90 mg twice daily or prasugrel 10 mg once daily for 15 days with a crossover directly to the alternate treatment for another 15 days, without an intervening washout period. Results: In total, 34 and 28 patients completed the first and the second period of the study respectively. There was no difference in patients' demographic characteristics between groups. Platelet reactivity at randomization was 278.8±37.5 PRU and 274.8±35.7 PRU in the prasugrel and ticagrelor group respectively. The primary end point of platelet reactivity at the end of the two treatment periods was lower for ticagrelor compared to prasugrel (least squares estimates 31.6 PRU, 95%CIs 13.7-49.5 versus 91.6 PRU, 95%CIs 73.5-109.7, p<0.001). No period or carry-over effect was found. No patient exhibited HTPR or a major bleeding event at either treatment group. Conclusions: In patients with ACS, exhibiting HTPR 24 hours post PCI, ticagrelor produces a significantly higher platelet inhibition compared to prasugrel. Further studies are needed to elucidate whether the pharmacodynamic difference observed translates into difference in clinical efficacy. ER  - 
Greater efficacy of ticagrelor compared to clopidogrel in acute coronary syndrome is not driven by outcomes in poor metabolizers of clopidogrel$$$ Background: Ticagrelor is superior to clopidogrel for prevention of the combined rate of cardiovascular (CV) death, myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke in acute coronary syndromes (ACS).(1) Patients with two loss-of-function (LOF) alleles at CYP2C19, the main genetic factor affecting clopidogrel PK/PD, are classified as poor metabolizers (PM) of clopidogrel. We used the PLATO genetic sub-study to assess the impact of PM on the overall PLATO result. Methods: 10,285 DNA samples from PLATO, which randomized 18,624 ACS patients to ticagrelor or clopidogrel for 6 - 12 months, underwent CYP2C19 genotyping for wildtype (∗1); LOF alleles ∗2, ∗3, ∗4, ∗5, ∗6, ∗7, & ∗8; and gain of function allele ∗17 as previously described.(2) Patients with any combination of two LOF alleles were denoted as PM. Analysis of PLATO primary efficacy and safety outcomes proceeded after excluding PM from both treatment groups. Results: PMs constituted 121 of 5,137 ticagrelor patients and 125 of 5,148 clopidogrel patients. After exclusion of PMs, the remaining cohort (n=10,039) showed a significant reduction in the primary endpoint (myocardial infarction, stroke, or CV death) with ticagrelor compared to clopidogrel (8.8% vs 10.4%/yr; hazard ratio [HR] 0.85, 95% confidence interval 0.74- 0.96, P=0.01), consistent with the primary PLATO findings. Total major bleeding did not differ between treatments, with 10.7%/yr rates for each; non-CABG major bleeding trended higher with ticagrelor (4.0%/yr) than with clopidogrel (3.3%/yr). Ticagrelor similarly reduced the primary endpoint in the PM group (8.8% v 9.7%/yr, HR=0.87), although there were only 22 events. Conclusions: In PLATO, ticagrelor reduced the primary endpoint of CV death, MI or stroke in ACS patients compared to clopidogrel. These results were not driven by patients who are poor metabolizers of clopidogrel. ER  - 
No legacy effect of six months' treatment of cilostazol on the long-term prognosis of patients who underwent drug-eluting stent implantation: 2-year follow-up of the cilon-t trial$$$ Background: Recent studies suggested that high post-treatment platelet reactivity (PPR) after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) was associated with long-term ischemic complications of patients. Cilostazol is reported to improve PPR in patients who underwent PCI. In this study, we investigated the effect of six months' cilostazol treatment on long-term prognosis of patients who underwent drug-eluting stent (DES) implantation. Methods: Among 960 patients who enrolled for CILON-T trial, 915 with successful DES implantation were randomly assigned to triple antiplatelet therapy (TAT: aspirin, clopidogrel and cilostazol, n = 457) and dual antiplatelet therapy (DAT: aspirin and clopidogrel, n = 458). Cilostazol was administered on top of DAT for 6 months to TAT group. P2Y12 reaction unit (PRU) was measured with the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay (Accumetrics, San Diego, California) at discharge after index procedure. Two-year ischemic events including cardiac death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke and target lesion revascularization (TLR) were evaluated. Results: The 2 groups had similar baseline clinical and angiographic characteristics. Two-year follow-up was completed in 907 patients (99.1%) (n = 456 in TAT [99.7%] and n = 451 in DAT [98.4%]). At 2 years, there was no significant difference in ischemic events between the 2 groups (10.7% in TAT vs. 12.1% in DAT, p = 0.520). The individual risk of all-cause death, cardiac death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke and TLR were not significantly different. Multivariate analysis showed that longer lesion length (≥28 mm, hazard ration [HR]: 1.92, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.18 to 3.12) was the only predictor of ischemic events, but not the use of cilostazol (HR: 0.77, 95% CI: 0.46 to 1.27). Both groups had similar bleeding events (1.7% in TAT vs. 0.7% in DAT, p = 0.224). There was a trend toward high rates of ischemic events in high PRU value groups, which did not reach the statistical significance (9.8% in the highest vs. 12.8% in the middle vs. 14.0% in the lowest, p = 0.202). Conclusions: Six months' treatment of cilostazol on top of dual antiplatelet regimen did not have legacy effect on the 2- year clinical outcomes. ER  - 
“resistance” or high on-treatment platelet reactivity to aspirin and clopidogrel in patients with critical limb ischemia$$$ Background: Critical Limb Ischemia (CLI) is a major cause of cardiovascular death and disability. Despite aggressive medical therapy the mortality of patients with CLI approaches 25% and 50% at one and five years respectively. Cardiovascular events (myocardial infarction, sudden cardiac death and stroke) are the main causes of death in patients with CLI. In patients with coronary artery disease, residual high on treatment (aspirin and/or clopidogrel) platelet reactivity (HPR) (often misrepresented as “resistance”) is associated with increased cardiac events. The effectiveness of antiplatelet therapy in CLI patients has not been established. The prevalence of HPR in patients with CLI is unknown. Methods: We tested 14 patients with CLI who underwent endovascular procedures at the University of Southern California Hospital on uninterrupted dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel for at least one week. The VerifyNow aspirin and P2Y12 (clopidogrel) assays were used to identify the group of patients with HPR. HPR groups were defined as aspirin reaction units (ARU) ≥550 for aspirin and P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) ≥235 for clopidogrel. Baseline demographic, clinical and procedural characteristics were also recorded. Results: In the overall group 75% of patients were male above 60 years of age. All patients were hypertensive controlled on medications and over 80% had diabetes mellitus with 50% requiring insulin therapy. Coronary artery disease was present in 55% of patients. HPR to clopidogrel was found in 78.5% of patients, HPR to aspirin in 28.5% and HPR to both aspirin and clopidogrel in 14%. Conclusion: HPR to aspirin and/or clopidogrel is highly prevalent in patients with CLI, higher than in any other reported patient population. Further studies are necessary to investigate whether HPR accounts for the excessive cardiovascular mortality and event rate in patients with CLI. ER  - 
Personalized medicine: A competitor or an upgrade of evidence-based medicine?$$$ Evidence-based medicine is a method of healthcare decision-making that intends to combine the most reliable scientific information with individual expertise and patient preferences in order to offer the optimal diagnostic and therapeutic option for the patient. In recent years, the term personalized medicine has been introduced to represent an approach considering differences among individual patients. In modern medicine the most important sources of evidence are clinical trials using epidemiological methods, and molecular biological and genetic methods characterizing individual patients. Responses to a certain therapeutic intervention differ among patients for several reasons. Identifying benefits and harms of an intervention can be handled by two approaches. The first is a statistical approach using the rule of large numbers, resulting in statistically meaningful conclusions. The other approach is personalized: the conclusions are valid for individual patients or subgroups identified by well-defined markers. Whether the evidence is statistical deriving from a large number of clinical observations or personalized based on molecular studies - it should be scientifically sound to apply in clinical practice. Confronting evidence-based medicine with personalized medicine would be justified only if the former is misinterpreted and restricted only to the use of randomized trials and their systematic reviews. The practice of personalized medicine is also based on evidence, and in many instances evidence from molecular research is also statistical in nature. Regarding healthcare decision about an individual patient, whether using evidence from randomized trials or from molecular studies of biomarkers, we have to base our decisions on reliable, good quality evidence. Evidence from molecular and genetic medicine thus improves the armament of evidence-based medicine, and this upgrade yields a more reliable support for our decisions in everyday practice. © 2012 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Acute coronary syndromes: Identifying the appropriate patient for prasugrel$$$ Acute coronary syndrome (ACS) remains the leading cause of morbidity and mortality. More than half of patients presenting with ACS will experience a recurrent ischemic event; thus, preventing recurrent events is essential to reduce morbidity and mortality associated with ACS. While dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel has been the foundation of management for patients presenting with ACS, clopidogrel is limited by delayed antiplatelet effect and a variable patient response. Prasugrel is more potent, has a more rapid and consistent antiplatelet effect, and has been associated with improved outcomes compared with clopidogrel in select patients with ACS. Although prasugrel reduces the risk of recurrent cardiovascular events, it also increases the risk of major bleeding. Careful patient selection will improve the likelihood that patients treated with prasugrel will experience the benefit of this antiplatelet agent with the lowest possible risk of an adverse event. This article reviews the data supporting the use of prasugrel in ACS with an emphasis on characteristics that will help identify the most appropriate patient for this therapy. © Postgraduate Medicine. ER  - 
The effect of the CYP 2C19*2 polymorphism on stroke care$$$ Clopidogrel is an inhibitor of platelet-aggregation used in the prevention of secondary stroke. The molecule is activated by the cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) enzyme. The frequent CYP2C19*2 point mutation causes loss of enzyme function, a decreased (heterozygous form) or blocked (homozygous form) formation of the active molecule. Thus, for a patient harboring a mutated allele, clopidogrel does not provide effective protection against stroke. Multiple drugs inhibit the CYP2C19 enzyme and their simultaneous use with clopidogrel is especially hazardous for patients with genetically decreased enzyme activity. Frequency of the CYP2C19*2 is variable in different populations, highest rates were detected in some Asian groups. In our study the CYP2C19 genotype was determined in one Hungarian sample of 354 stroke patients and 221 healthy controls. Frequency of the minor allele was found to be 12.87% (12.85% in stroke patients, 12.89% in healthy controls). The proportion of the homozygous CYP2C19*2 variant causing total loss of gene function was 1.74%, rate of the heterozygous allele causing reduced enzyme activity was 22.26% in the total population. Our results for the allele frequencies of the CYP2C19*2 gene are similar to those found in other Caucasian populations. In conclusion, the homozygous mutation, causing ineffectiveness of clopidogrel is relatively rare. However, the heterozygous form in which interaction of CYP2C19 inhibitors causes further decrease in the genetically impaired enzyme activity is present in every fifth drug-taking patient. Based on our findings, we would like to emphasize that it is important to adjust individually antiplatelet treatment in ischemic stroke patients and to take into consideration genetic factors as well as drugs taken for comorbid conditions. © 2012 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest. ER  - 
Emerging antiplatelet therapy for coronary artery disease and acute coronary syndrome$$$ Antiplatelet therapy is used widely with proven benefit for the prevention of further ischemic cardiac complications in patients with known coronary artery disease (CAD) and a history of acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The limitations of conventional antiplatelet therapy with aspirin, clopidogrel, or prasugrel, as well as the fact that rates of recurrent ischemic events still remain high with use of these agents, underscore the need to investigate alternate agents that may further reduce event rates while limiting bleeding risk. The selection of antiplatelet therapy is further influenced by the following: ticagrelor was approved in July 2011 by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA),and clopidogrel is slated to become available as a generic productin 2012. We provide an overview of emerging agents for the treatment of CAD and ACS, including the reversible P2Y12 antagonists ticagrelor, cangrelor, and elinogrel, and a new class of oral protease-activated receptor-1 (PAR-1) inhibitors, vorapaxar and atopaxar.The recentlyapproved P2Y12 antagonists prasugrel and ticagrelor demonstrate enhanced ability to prevent adverse cardiac outcomes. However, this comes at a cost of a potential increased risk of bleeding. New adverse effects have also emerged, including dyspnea for all of the reversible P2Y12 antagonists (ticagrelor, cangrelor, and elinogrel) and ventricular pauses for ticagrelor. In addition, the newer P2Y12 antagonists have a faster onset and offset. Two of these agents, cangrelor and elinogrel, are available as intravenous formulations, which may provide additional benefits in patients whoundergo coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. Trials with the PAR-1 inhibitors have also shown trends toward reductions in cardiac events, but not without the possibility of increased bleeding. More than ever, as the arsenal of antiplatelet therapy expands, health care providers need to understand the pharmacologic and pharmacodynamic differences between conventional and emerging antiplatelet therapies forpatients with ACS and CAD. Health care providers must also carefully assess patient-specific factors such as risk of thrombosis, concomitant disease states, age, drug adherence, and aspirin dose, and plan for those patients who will be undergoing CABG when selecting antiplatelet therapy in order to optimally balance bleeding and thrombosis risk. Copyright © 1999-2012 John Wiley & Sons, Inc. ER  - 
Use of clopidogrel and calcium channel blockers and risk of major adverse cardiovascular events$$$ Background The CYP3A4 inhibition by calcium channel blockers (CCBs) may attenuate the effectiveness of clopidogrel. Using time-varying drug exposure ascertainment, we examined whether CCB use modified the association between clopidogrel use and major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) after coronary stent implantation. Design We conducted this population-based cohort study in western Denmark (population 3million) using medical databases. We identified all 13001 patients with coronary stent implantation between 2002 and 2005 and their comorbidities. During 12-month follow-up, we tracked the use of clopidogrel and CCBs and the rate of MACE (composite of myocardial infarction, ischaemic stroke, stent thrombosis, target lesion revascularization, or cardiac death). We used Cox regression to compute hazard ratios, controlling for potential confounders. Results Overall, the 12-month risk for MACE was 14·5%. The rate was 130 per 1000 person years for concomitant clopidogrel and CCB use, 106 for clopidogrel without CCB use, 213 for CCB without clopidogrel use, and 248 for no use of either drug. The adjusted hazard ratio for MACE comparing clopidogrel use with nonuse was 0·52 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0·42-0·64] for CCB users and 0·48 (95% CI: 0·42-0·54) for nonusers, yielding an interaction effect, i.e. relative rate increase, of 1·09 (95% CI: 0·86-1·38). The adjusted hazard ratio for MACE comparing CCB use with nonuse was 1·06 (95% CI: 0·89-1·25) among clopidogrel users. Conclusions Concomitant use of CCBs as a class did not modify the protective effect of clopidogrel and was not associated with increased cardiovascular risk among patients using clopidogrel after coronary stent implantation. © 2011 The Authors. European Journal of Clinical Investigation © 2011 Stichting European Society for Clinical Investigation Journal Foundation. ER  - 
Clopidogrel and genetic testing: Is it necessary for everyone?$$$ Clopidogrel is a widely used antiplatelet agent to treat and prevent a variety of atherothrombotic diseases. More than a decade after its initial Food and Drug Administration approval, studies have emerged raising concerns regarding its possible reduced efficacy in patients who have impaired conversion of clopidogrel to its active metabolite (ie, poor metabolizers). Research has implicated genetic variations in the CYP2C19 isozyme as at least partly responsible for the variable antiplatelet response seen with clopidogrel. Studies have shown that patients possessing genetic variants of the CYP2C19 isozyme may be at increased risk of adverse cardiovascular events due to impaired clopidogrel efficacy, although this has not been definitively demonstrated. The Food and Drug Administration has issued a boxed warning regarding this concern. However, specific recommendations on genetic testing and alternative therapeutic strategies are not currently available. Genetic testing is commercially available to test patients for variability in the CYP2C19 isozyme, but altering antiplatelet therapy based on the results of this testing has not been adequately studied, and it is therefore not clear how to adjust therapy based on the results of this genetic testing. In addition, there are many other factors that may contribute to the variability in antiplatelet effect seen with clopidogrel besides CYP2C19 genetic polymorphisms. Ongoing trials dealing with adjusting antiplatelet therapy based on genetic testing will hopefully provide more useful information on how to appropriately integrate pharmacogenomics with the care of patients with atherothrombotic disease. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Differential prognostic implication of a point-of-care platelet function test in acute coronary syndrome versus stable angina after percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Background: High platelet reactivity during clopidogrel therapy has been linked to cardiovascular events after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). However, whether or not prognostic implications of residual platelet reactivity are same with different clinical spectrums is not well defined. Methods: A total of 2424 consecutive patients taking clopidogrel undergoing PCI with stent implantation had valid measurement of on-treatment platelet reactivity by VerifyNow P2Y12 assay. We determined the prognostic influence on clinical outcomes of high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) and its interaction according to clinical indications: acute coronary syndrome (n±1095) vs. stable angina (n±1329). The primary end point was defined as a composite of all-cause death, nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI), stent thrombosis and stroke. Results: The mean follow-up duration was 2.2 years. In patients with acute coronary syndrome, the presence of HTPR was independently associated with higher risk of primary end point after adjustment of significant covariates (hazard ratio [HR] 1.92, 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.24-2.99; P=0.004). This association was consistent for patient with unstable angina/non-ST-elevation MI by a factor of 1.96 and those with ST-elevation MI by a factor of 2.05. However, in patients with stable angina, the presence of HTPR was not associated with the incidence of primary end point (HR 1.00, 95% CI, 0.72-1.39; P=0.98) (P=0.01 for interaction). Conclusion: In patients receiving PCI with stent implantation and taking clopidogrel therapy, there was a significantly differential prognostic influence of on-site residual platelet reactivity on clinical outcomes between acute coronary syndrome and stable angina. ER  - 
Options to overcome clopidogrel response variability$$$ Oral antiplatelet agents targeting the platelet P2Y12 receptor are an integral component of treating patients with acute coronary syndrome and those undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. Clopidogrel has been the most commonly used agent in this respect worldwide. However, there are certain shortcomings of clopdiogrel, the most important of which is the wide response variability of platelet inhibition. The response to clopidogrel is affected by various clinical variables, genetic variations involved in its activation, and drug-drug interactions. Therefore, clinicians are faced with challenges in situations where high inhibition of platelets is necessary and in cases where the response to clopidogrel may be suboptimal. There are various ways of overcoming the response variability and this review will focus on the practical methods available. Namely, the data and evidence regarding increasing the dose of clopidogrel, adding cilostazol to standard dual antiplatelet therapy, and switching to more recently developed agents will be covered. ER  - 
A comprehensive comparative review of adenosine diphosphate receptor antagonists$$$ Introduction: Thrombosis risk necessitates dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and an adenosine diphosphate (ADP) receptor antagonist, in patients who have acute coronary syndrome. Current guidelines emphasize the critical role of dual antiplatelet therapy in both medical management and invasive strategy, especially in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. With the availability of multiple ADP-receptor antagonists, it is crucial to select the most appropriate agent for each patient. Areas covered: The pertinent trials were identified through a MEDLINE search, in addition to a manual search from the articles retrieved. This review examines the differences between clopidogrel, prasugrel and ticagrelor in terms of their pharmacological/ pharmacokinetic properties, clinical efficacy, drug interactions and safety parameters. Expert opinion: Prasugrel and ticagrelor exhibit greater platelet inhibition and superior efficacy compared with clopidogrel, at the expense of higher bleeding risk. Prasugrel and ticagrelor should be preferred over clopidogrel in patients who are at a high risk of thrombotic events with low risk of bleeding. Additionally, these two agents may offer advantage over clopidogrel in those patients who might have risk for drug resistance due to CYP2C19 polymorphism. In selecting the ideal agent for patients, clinicians should tailor the antiplatelet regimen by considering individual risk factors and medication characteristics. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Poor responsiveness to antiplatelet drugs in acute coronary syndromes: Clinical relevance and management$$$ Cardiovascular diseases are the most common cause of mortality and morbidity in Western countries, accounting for more than 40% of total mortality. An optimal pharmacological management in these patients is of major importance and antiplatelet agents remain the cornerstone of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) therapy at hospital admission and during percutaneous coronary interventions (PCI). The recently described poor biological responses to aspirin and clopidogrel have been source of major concern, especially in era of drug eluting stent implantation. Indeed, insufficient platelet inhibition at the time of PCI has been consistently associated with an increased risk of complications and recurrence of ischemic events. Despite the lack of uniformly accepted definitions of aspirin and clopidogrel poor response, we sought to describe the current evidence and gaps in knowledge. While trials on the potential benefit of an increased antiplatelet maintenance dose after PCI have shown only marginal benefits, the strengthening of the initial antiplatelet regimens by additional loading doses of clopidogrel, by the administration of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa receptor inhibitors or phosphodiesterase inhibitors might further improve outcomes during ACS and PCI in patients with poor responsiveness to conventional dual antiplatelet therapy. Overall, tailoring the antiplatelet treatment on the basis of the individual biological response improves the short-term outcome after PCI. New and more potent antiplatelet drugs may overcome the clinical consequences of the poor response to antiplatelet agents. © 2010 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
The gain-of-function variant allele CYP2C19*17: A double-edged sword between thrombosis and bleeding in clopidogrel-treated patients$$$ Background:A large number of clinical studies have documented that a loss-of-function variant CYP2C19*2 affects clinical profiles of clopidogrel (efficacy and safety). However, data on the impact of a gain-of-function variant CYP2C19*17 on the response to that drug seem to be less consistent. Objectives:To systematically summarize all available clinical data assessing the role of the CYP2C19*17 variant in patients taking clopidogrel. Methods:A literature search was conducted and a meta-analysis was performed for 11 eligible studies. The endpoints included the major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE, representing non-fatal myocardial infarction, stroke, revascularization, or death), bleeding events, mortality, stent thrombosis and high platelet reactivity (HPR). Results:Data from six clinical studies demonstrated that carriers of the CYP2C19*17 variant had a marked protection against recurrent cardiovascular events in patients with coronary artery disease compared with non-carriers, as measured by a 16% decrease in the incidence of MACE (10.0% vs. 11.9%; OR, 0.82; 95% CI, 0.72-0.94; P=0.005). On the other hand, carriers had an increased risk of developing bleeding as expected (8.0% vs. 6.5%; OR, 1.25; 95% CI, 1.07-1.47; P=0.006; four studies). Moreover, the presence of the CYP2C19*17 variant might lead to increased response to clopidogrel, as shown by a marked lower prevalence of HPR in carriers than in non-carriers (37.9% vs. 50.8%; OR, 0.60; 95% CI, 0.45-0.79; P=0.0003; three studies). Conclusions:Carriers of the CYP2C19*17 variant have greater therapeutic responsiveness to clopidogrel than non-carriers, but they have an increased risk of developing bleeding as well. © 2011 International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis. ER  - 
Is there a clinically significant interaction between calcium channel antagonists and clopidogrel? results from the clopidogrel for the reduction of events during observation (CREDO) trial$$$ Background-Clopidogrel is an inactive prodrug; it is converted to its active metabolite through the cytochrome P450 (CYP3A4) pathway, which also metabolizes calcium channel blockers (CCBs). Several studies have reported that CCBs reduce the ability of clopidogrel to inhibit platelet aggregability; one suggested that CCBs reduce the efficacy of clopidogrel. Methods and Results-We performed a post hoc analysis of the Clopidogrel for the Reduction of Events During Observation (CREDO) study to compare the treatment effect of clopidogrel in patients on CCBs versus not on CCBs. In CREDO, 2116 patients were randomly assigned to pretreatment with 300 mg clopidogrel 3-24 hours before a planned percutaneous coronary intervention followed by 1 year of 75 mg/d clopidogrel, versus 75 mg clopidogrel at the time of the procedure and continued for 28 days only. The primary end points were a combined end point of death, myocardial infarction, and stroke at 28 days and 1 year. Among the 580 patients (27%) on CCBs at enrollment, at 28 days, the combined end point was reached in 17 patients (6%) on clopidogrel versus 28 (9%) on placebo (hazard ratio [HR], 0.71; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.39 -1.29). At 1 year, the combined end point was reached in 27 patients (10%) on clopidogrel versus 46 (15%) on placebo (HR, 0.68; 95% CI, 0.42-1.09). The treatment effect of clopidogrel was similar in patients not on CCBs at 1 year (HR, 0.78; 95% CI, 0.56 -1.09). After adjustment for differences between patients on and not on CCB, there was still no evidence of an interaction between clopidogrel treatment and CCB (HR for patients not on CCBs, 0.87; 95% CI, 0.62-1.23; HR for patients on CCBs, 0.74; 95% CI, 0.45-1.21). Conclusions-In CREDO, there was no evidence that CCBs decrease the efficacy of clopidogrel. © 2012 American Heart Association, Inc. ER  - 
EuroThrombosis: Annual meeting of the European Society of Cardiology Working Group on Thrombosis$$$ EuroThrombosis is the annual meeting of the European Society of Cardiology Working Group on Thrombosis. It gathers clinicians and scientists interested in clinical/experimental thrombosis. The 2011 congress was held in Oporto, Portugal, and presented an appealing program with state-of-the-art sessions on new antiplatelet/anticoagulant agents, diabetes, cellular mechanisms of thrombosis and miRNAs. © 2012 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
The antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel is associated with CYP2C19 ∗2 and ∗3 polymorphism but not with Pon-1 Q192R polymorphism in japanese patients undergoing neurointervention$$$ Background Patients with cervical carotid or intracranial stenting are routinely premedicated with antithrombotic agents, clopidogrel and aspirin (ASA). A recent study has showed paraoxonase-1 (PON-1) Q192R genotypes impacts on antiplatlet effect of clopidogrel rather than CYP2C19 mutation. We investigate the influence of CYP2C19 ∗2, ∗3, and PON-1 Q192R genotypes on antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel in Japanese patients scheduled for neurointervention such as extracranial carotid artery stenting, intracranial artery stenting, or coil embolization of the cerebral aneurysm. Method A total of 102 consecutive patients scheduled for neurointervention and treated with ASA and clopidogrel were enrolled. Genotyping of three single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) defining the two major CYP2C19 alleles ∗2, ∗3 and PON-1 Q192R was performed with the use of TaqMan® SNP Genotyping Assays (Applied Biosystems, CA) from stored DNA. Antiplatlet effect of clopidogrel was assessed by VerifyNow P2Y12 assay. Result The frequencies of CYP2C19 ∗1/∗1, ∗1/∗2, ∗1/∗3, ∗2/∗2, ∗2/∗3, and ∗3/∗3 were 28 (27.5%), 39 (38.2%), 13 (12.7%), 9 (8.8%), 11 (10.8%), and 2 (2.0%), respectively. On the basis of CYP2C19 genotype, 28 patients (27.5%) were classified as an extensive metabolizer (EM), 52 (51.0%) as an intermediate metabolizer (IM) and 22 (21.6%) as a poor metabolizer (PM). The proportion of patients harboring CYP2C19 loss of function SNPs is 72.5%. The frequencies of PON-1 QQ192, QR192, and RR192 were 8 (7.8%), 52 (51.0%), and 42 (41.2%), respectively. P2Y12 reaction unit (PRU) in the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay was significantly higher in patients with CYP2C19 loss of function SNPs than those without (253.6±100.2 vs. 161.3±85.5, P<0.001). However, the PRU in patients with QR192 or RR192 were not significantly different from those with QQ192 ( 227.0±128.1 vs. 228.8±103.0, P=0.973). Conclusion: In Japanese patients undergoing neurointervention, antiplatlet effect of clopidogrel was associated with CYP2C19 genotype ∗2and ∗3 but not with PON-1 Q192R genotype. ER  - 
Omeprazole, a potent CYP 2C19 inhibitor, does not alter the pharmacokinetics or platelet aggregation of asa and dipyridamole in combination$$$ Antiplatelet therapies such as aspirin (ASA), clopidogrel or a combination of ASA and extended-release dipyridamole (ASA/DP) are recommended therapeutic options for reducing the risk of stroke in patients with prior stroke or TIA. The clinical benefit of clopidogrel is highly dependent on the bioactivation of clopidogrel to its active metabolite by CYP 2C19. Omeprazole (OME), a frequently used gastric acid suppressant, is a potent inhibitor of CYP2C19, and has been identified as having a clinically significant interaction with clopidogrel. It was unclear whether ASA/DP would be subject to the same interaction risk when concomitantly administered with OME. This study formally tests whether multiple daily doses of OME 80 mg alters the pharmacokinetics of dipyridamole or the inhibition of platelet aggregation (IPA) of ASA/DP. This study was performed in 60 healthy volunteers as a multiple-dose, open-label, randomized, crossover trial with 4 treatments within 2 treatment sequences. The endpoints included the steady-state Cmax and AUC of DP as well as IPA at 4 and 12 hours postdose. The mean plasma DP concentration time profile for all treatments is displayed in Figure 1. The 90% confidence interval for DP Cmax and AUC was fully contained within 80-125% bounds indicating no clinically significant interaction between ASA/DP and OME. Moreover, concomitant administration of ASA/DP with OME had no effect on the inhibition of arachidonic acid induced platelet aggregation over the normal dosing interval at steady-state (Table 1). There was no difference detected regardless of whether subjects were pre-treated with OME alone or ASA/DP and OME. In conclusion, concurrent administration of OME with ASA/DP does not alter the steady-state pharmacokinetics of DP nor the inhibition of platelet aggregation of ASA/DP, regardless of the order of treatment administration. All treatments were well tolerated. [Table 1.] (Figure presented). ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of platelet inhibitors$$$ Ischemic heart disease is the second leading cause of death in the world. The proportion of deaths resulting from this condition has decreased in the last two decades, mainly as a result of improved primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular events, as well as the development of patient awareness and medical and pharmacological management. The purpose of the present review is to analyze pathophysiological events leading to platelet involvement in cardiovascular thrombosis, as well as the role of pharmacogenetics in modulating the risk of cardiovascular disorders. The present work was performed using a PubMed search with combinations of key words relevant to the subject in both English and French. In addition to the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic characteristics of platelet inhibitors, this work reviews the efficacy and adverse events observed during the clinical trials with these drugs. This review further summarizes possible therapeutic drug monitoring strategies for antiplatelet drugs. The novelty of this work is the description of the lymphocyte toxicity assay as a specific method of diagnosing and predicting possible idiosyncratic adverse events attributable to antiplatelet medication. ER  - 
Antiplatelet therapy in acute coronary syndromes$$$ Introduction: Antiplatelet therapy is the cornerstone of treatment for patients with acute coronary syndromes in the acute phase and in long-term management. Over the last few years, new antiplatelet drugs have been developed and the therapeutic landscape has rapidly evolved. Areas covered: We review the available evidence and most recent data concerning all of the principal classes of antiplatelet agents, including aspirin, thienopyridines and glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors, as well the impact of the new drugs prasugrel and ticagrelor and the available data concerning cangrelor, elinogrel and PAR-1 inhibitors (still under development). Expert opinion: This review considers the management of antiplatelet therapy in the light of recent advances, highlighting how to identify patients who will receive the greatest benefit from the older and newer agents, and underscoring the importance of carefully balancing the risks of ischaemia and bleeding in order to improve clinical outcomes. Finally, the paper discusses the potential role of functional and genetic tests in guiding the choice of antiplatelet therapy in a future perspective of 'personalised medicine'. ER  - 
Genomewide association studies in cardiovascular disease - An update 2011$$$ BACKGROUND: Genomewide association studies have led to an enormous boost in the identification of susceptibility genes for cardiovascular diseases. This review aims to summarize the most important findings of recent years. CONTENT: We have carefully reviewed the current literature (PubMed search terms: "genome wide association studies," "genetic polymorphism," "genetic risk factors," "association study" in connection with the respective diseases, "risk score," "transcriptome") . SUMMARY: Multiple novel genetic loci for such important cardiovascular diseases as myocardial infarction, hypertension, heart failure, stroke, and hyperlipidemia have been identified. Given that many novel genetic risk factors lie within hitherto-unsuspected genes or influence gene expression, these findings have inspired discoveries of biological function. Despite these successes, however, only a fraction of the heritability for most cardiovascular diseases has been explained thus far. Forthcoming techniques such as whole-genome sequencing will be important to close the gap of missing heritability. © 2011 American Association for Clinical Chemistry. ER  - 
New perspectives in antiplatelet therapy$$$ Platelet activation is a complex mechanism of response to vascular injury and atherothrombotic disease, leading to thrombus formation. A wide variety of surface receptors -integrins, leucine-rich family receptors, G protein coupled receptors, tyrosine kinase receptors- and intraplatelet molecules support and regulate platelet activation. They are potential targets of antiplatelet therapy for the prevention and treatment of arterial thrombosis. Despite the overall clinical benefit of established antiplatelet drugs targeting cyclooxigenase-1 (COX-1), glycoprotein integrin αIIbβ3, and the purinergic P2Y 12 receptor of adenosine diphosphate, a significant proportion of treated patients continue to experience recurrent ischaemic events. This may be in partly attributed to insufficient inhibition of platelet activation. In addition, it should not be underestimated that these drugs are not immune from bleeding complications. The substantial progress in understating the regulation of platelet activation has played a key role in the development of novel antiplatelet agents. Current examples of drug under development and evaluation include: novel P2Y12 receptor inhibitors (prasugrel, ticagrelor, cangrelor, and elinogrel), thrombin receptor PAR-1 antagonists (vorapaxar, atopaxar), new integrin glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors, and inhibitors targeting the thromboxane receptor (TP), phosphodiesterases, the collagen receptor glycoprotein VI, and intraplatelet signalling molecules. This review summarizes the mechanisms of action and current clinical evaluation of these novel antiplatelet agents. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Genomics: Is It Ready for Primetime?$$$ The next decade will focus on identifying the missing heritability of coronary artery disease (CAD). This process will involve a more comprehensive interrogation of common single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) that impart modest biologic effect and an interrogation of rare SNPs that impart profound biologic effect. In parallel, an investigation of the underlying biology of the described association will likely yield novel pathways that provide therapeutic targets. Once we obtain a more complete inventory of sequence variation that predisposes to CAD, a more realistic assessment of the role of genetic risk scoring allied with standard risk algorithms will be possible. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Atrial fibrillation, stroke, and quality of life$$$ Contemporary management of atrial fibrillation imposes many challenges, particularly in the setting of our aging population. In addition to well-recognized consequences, such as stroke and mortality, emerging evidence relates atrial fibrillation to elevated risk of dementia, posing further therapeutic challenges. As the incidence of atrial fibrillation rises with age, the balance of controlling stroke risk and limiting major hemorrhage on anticoagulation has become increasingly critical in elderly patients. Appreciation of more extensive risk factors has made it possible to identify patients at very low risk of thromboembolism and higher risk of bleeding. However, practice guidelines in the United States and abroad have occasionally divergent viewpoints regarding how to best manage patients in various risk strata. Options for stroke prevention have expanded with novel antithrombotics and promising mechanical alternatives to anticoagulation, which may be at least as effective in preventing stroke without increasing bleeding risk. Catheter ablation has demonstrated impressive success at preventing atrial fibrillation recurrence in selected patients, and has the potential to further improve outcomes. In addition, the role of antiplatelet medications in patients deemed unsuitable for anticoagulation has been better clarified, although novel agents require further study to assess their impact on thromboembolism. High-bleeding risks associated with the concomitant use of multiple antithrombotics remains a major obstacle in patients with indications for both antiplatelet and anticoagulant therapy. © 2012 New York Academy of Sciences. ER  - 
Platelet adenosine diphosphate receptor antagonists: Ticlopidine to ticagrelor - A long continuing journey$$$ Platelet aggregation plays a central role in the pathogenesis of atherothrombosis. Platelet adenosine diphosphate (ADP) receptor antagonists (ticlopidine, clopidogrel, prasugrel, and ticagrelor) are a major advance in the treatment of atherothrombotic diseases, especially acute coronary syndromes (ACS). Ticlopidine was the first thienopyridine introduced into clinical practice, but its potentially serious haematological side-effects limited its use and it was quickly eclipsed by clopidogrel. Clinical trials established aspirin plus clopidogrel as the standard dual anti-platelet therapy in patients with ACS and patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with stenting. Clopidogrel was found to have pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic limitations. Prasugrel is the next approved thienopyridine that has shown superior efficacy in ACS patients undergoing PCI in comparison to clopidogrel, although at the cost of a higher bleeding risk. Ticagrelor is the latest non-thienopyridine ADP receptor blocker that is potent, effective, reversible, and relatively safer as compared to clopidogrel. Both prasugrel and ticagrelor are more potent than clopidogrel. The data so far suggests that ticagrelor has a wider applicability in usage in patients with ACS as compared to prasugrel. Prasugrel however seems to be better tolerated. Search is on for newer more potent but safer anti-platelet agents. © 2012. Cardiological Society of India. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic thromboprophylactic strategies in atrial fibrillation$$$ Stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation (SPAF) has traditionally been confined to aspirin and warfarin therapy. Based on CHADS2 scoring it was clearly delineated when aspirin and warfarin would be used in individual patients, but many patients had to forgo recommended therapy due to contraindications or adverse events. There has recently been a paradigm shift in SPAF, with new and promising options on the horizon. These emerging strategies include dual antiplatelet therapy, direct thrombin inhibition, factor Xa inhibition and mechanical prophylaxis therapy. With each of these aforementioned approaches there are moderate to large clinical trials that assess the comparative effectiveness of these approaches in direct comparative trials. From an Ovid MEDLINE search from 1950 to present, we systematically identified 15 randomized trials comparing two thromboprophylactic drugs, devices or procedures for SPAF. Specific mechanical, pharmacologic and pharmacokinetic advantages and disadvantages are also reviewed. © 2012 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Current antiplatelet options for NSTE-ACS patients$$$ Non-ST elevation (NSTE) myocardial infarction and unstable angina are the most common clinical presentations of acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Platelet activation is central to the pathogenesis of NSTE-ACS and consensus guidelines that advocate early revascularization supported by intensive antiplatelet therapy. This review examines the drugs used concurrently with aspirin as dual antiplatelet therapy in the NSTE-ACS setting. Clopidogrel represented an important therapeutic advance. However, variations in platelet response and a relatively slow onset of action compromise outcomes with clopidogrel. Evidence reviewed in this article shows that in NSTE-ACS patients, ticagrelor and prasugrel are more effective than clopidogrel and are relatively well tolerated, with an acceptable and manageable bleeding risk. The literature suggests several differences between ticagrelor and prasugrel that should allow clinicians to better tailor treatment to the patient. Head-to-head comparisons are now needed to compare directly the risks and benefits of ticagrelor and prasugrel in NSTE-ACS. Further studies also need to address other outstanding issues such as the benefits and risks of prasugrel pre-treatment and to stratify efficacy and tolerability according to diabetes mellitus (DM) and other co-morbidities. In the meantime, the issues discussed in this review should enhance clinicians' ability to optimize and individualize NSTE-ACS treatment, thereby further reducing the morbidity and mortality associated with this common cardiovascular condition. © The Author 2012. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Association of Physicians. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The cost effectiveness of genetic testing for CYP2C19 Variants to Guide Thienopyridine Treatment in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndromes: A New Zealand Evaluation$$$ Background: A recent clinical trial has demonstrated that patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and the reduced function allele CYP2C19 *2 (*2 allele), who are treated with thienopyridines, have an increased risk of adverse cardiac events with clopidogrel, but not with prasugrel. The frequency of the *2 allele varies by ethnicity and the Maoris, Asians and Pacific Islanders of New Zealand have a relatively high incidence. Objective: Our objective was to evaluate, from a New Zealand health system perspective, the cost effectiveness of treating all ACS patients with generic clopidogrel compared with prasugrel, and also compared with the genetically guided strategy that *2 allele carriers receive prasugrel and non-carriers receive clopidogrel. Methods: A decision-tree model consisting of five health states (myocardial infarction, stroke, bleeding, stent thrombosis and cardiovascular death) was developed. Clinical outcome data (two TRITON-TIMI 38 genetic substudies) comparing clopidogrel and prasugrel for both *2 allele carriers and non-carriers were combined with the prevalence of the heterozygosity for the *2 allele in New Zealand Europeans (15%), Maoris (24%), Asians (29%) and Pacific Islanders (45%) to determine the predicted adverse event rate for the New Zealand population. National hospital diagnosis-related group (DRG) discharge codes were used to determine alternative adverse event rates, along with the costs of hospitalizations during the 15 months after patients presented with an ACS. The primary outcome measure was the incremental cost per QALY (calculated using literature-reported weights). Monte Carlo simulations and alternative scenario analysis based on both clinical trial and national hospital incidence were used. Additional analysis considered the overall TRITON-TIMI 38 rates. Costs (in New Zealand dollars [$NZ], year 2009 values) and benefits were discounted at 3% per annum. Results: Actual hospital-based adverse event rates were higher than those reported in the TRITON-TIMI 38 randomized controlled trial and the genetic sub-studies, especially for myocardial infarction and cardiovascular death, and for Maoris and Pacific Islanders. For both sources of adverse event rates, treating the population with prasugrel was associated with worse outcomes (QALYs) than clopidogrel. However, prasugrel became cost effective ($NZ31751/QALY) when the overall TRITON-TIMI 38 rates were used. A genetic test to guide the selected use of prasugrel was cost effective ($NZ8702/QALY versus $NZ24 617/QALY) for hospital and clinical trial incidence, respectively. Based on the hospital rates, the genetically guided strategy was especially cost effective for Maoris ($NZ7312/QALY) and Pacific Islanders ($NZ7041/QALY). These results were robust to the sensitivity analysis, except the genetically guided strategy under the 15-month clinical trial event rate scenario ($NZ168 748/QALY) did not remain cost effective under a $NZ50 000 threshold. Conclusions: Use of a genetic test to guide thienopyridine treatment in patients with ACS is a potentially cost-effective treatment strategy, especially for Maoris and Pacific Islanders. This treatment strategy also has the potential to reduce ethnic health disparities that exist in New Zealand. However, the results comparing clopidogrel and prasugrel are sensitive to whether the genetic sub-studies or the overall TRITON-TIMI 38 rates are used. While the national hospital event rates may be more appropriate for the New Zealand population, many assumptions are required when they are used to adjust the genetic sub-studies rates. Adis © 2012 Springer International Publishing AG. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Drug, devices, technologies, and techniques for blood management in minimally invasive and conventional cardiothoracic surgery: A Consensus Statement from the International Society for Minimally Invasive Cardiothoracic Surgery (ISMICS) 2011$$$ OBJECTIVE: The objectives of this consensus conference were to evaluate the evidence for the efficacy and safety of perioperative drugs, technologies, and techniques in reducing allogeneic blood transfusion for adults undergoing cardiac surgery and to develop evidence-based recommendations for comprehensive perioperative blood management in cardiac surgery, with emphasis on minimally invasive cardiac surgery. METHODS: The consensus panel short-listed the potential topics for review from a comprehensive list of potential drugs, devices, technologies, and techniques. The process of short-listing was based on the need to prioritize and focus on the areas of highest importance to surgeons, anesthesiologists, perfusionists, hematologists, and allied health care involved in the management of patients who undergo cardiac surgery whether through the conventional or minimally invasive approach. MEDLINE, Cochrane Library, and Embase databases were searched from their date of inception to May 2011, and supplemental hand searches were also performed. Detailed methodology and search strategies are outlined in each of the subsequently published systematic reviews. In general, all relevant synonyms for drugs (antifibrinolytic, aprotinin, [Latin Small Letter Open E]-aminocaproic acid, tranexamic acid [TA], desmopressin, anticoagulants, heparin, antiplatelets, anti-Xa agents, adenosine diphosphate inhibitors, acetylsalicylic acid [ASA], factor VIIa [FVIIa]), technologies (cell salvage, miniaturized cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) circuits, biocompatible circuits, ultrafiltration), and techniques (transfusion thresholds, minimally invasive cardiac or aortic surgery) were searched and combined with terms for blood, red blood cells, fresh-frozen plasma, platelets, transfusion, and allogeneic exposure. The American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology system was used to label the level of evidence and class of each recommendation. RESULTS AND RECOMMENDATIONS: Database search identified more than 6900 articles, with 4423 full-text randomized controlled trials assessed for eligibility, and the final 125 systematic reviews and meta-analyses were used in the consensus conference. The results of the consensus conference, including the evidence-based statements and the recommendations, are outlined in the text, with references given for the relevant evidence that formed the basis for the statements and recommendations. © 2012 by the International Society for Minimally Invasive Cardiothoracic Surgery. ER  - 
[Comparison on the effects of clopidogrel, statins combination in treating coronary artery disease among the elderly patients: a retrospective cohort study].$$$ To compare the effects of clopidogrel with or without combined with CYP3A4-metabolized statin in treating coronary artery disease (CAD) among the elderly patients. The study cohort was defined as all patients were over 60 years of age and hospitalized for CAD who were prescribed clopidogrel between January 2000 and February 2011. A total of 1021 patients were enrolled, with 178 of them prescribed clopidogrel and 843 patients were administrated clopidogrel combined with statins (CYP3A4-metabolized statins 636 and non CYP3A4-metabolized statins 207). The primary endpoint was all cause of death and the second endpoint were non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI), but hospitalized for unstable angina, stroke, transient ischemic attack, or repeated revascularization (PCI or coronary artery bypass graft). Among the clopidogrel group and the clopidogrel plus statins group, the incidence density of death was 6.86/1000 and 3.18/1000 respectively, with crude RR as 2.15 (95%CI: 1.39-3.33) and statistically significant (χ2=3.53, P<0.01). The incidence density of composite thromboembolic events did not show statistical significance (P>0.05). The two groups were 1:1 matched, after propensity score matching, clopidogrel coadministrated with statins group showed significant decrease in all cause of death, with RR as 0.42 (95%CI: 0.19-0.93), χ2=7.23, P<0.01. No significant difference was observed in deaths or composite thromboembolic events between statins via different cytochrome P450 pathways. Clopidogrel with statin could reduce the mortality of elderly CAD patients compared with clopidogrel without statin. The result did not show statistical significance between CYP3A4-metabolized statins or non CYP3A4-metabolized statins regarding the mortality or composite endpoint events. ER  - 
Clinical effects and outcomes with new P2Y12 inhibitors in ACS$$$ Thienopyridines have become the cornerstone of treatment for percutaneous coronary intervention although no survival benefit has ever been shown with clopidogrel despite increasing loading doses. Newly developed P2Y12 inhibitors are more potent, more predictable, and have a faster onset of action than clopidogrel, characteristics that make them particularly attractive for high-risk percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Four new P2Y12 inhibitors have been tested each of them having particular individual properties. Prasugrel is an oral pro-drug leading to irreversible blockade of the P2Y12 receptor and is approved worldwide for ACS PCI. Ticagrelor is a direct-acting and reversible inhibitor of the P2Y12 receptor with potentially more pleiotropic effects. Cangrelor is an intravenous direct and reversible inhibitor of the P2Y12 receptor providing the highest level of inhibition, and elinogrel is an intravenous and oral P2Y12 antagonist with a direct and reversible action. Both prasugrel and ticagrelor, opposed to clopidogrel, have shown that stronger P2Y12 inhibition led respectively to significant 19 and 16% relative risk reduction of a similar primary end point combining cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, or non-fatal stroke. Both drugs showed a significant 0.6% absolute excess of TIMI major bleeding not related to CABG surgery. Because in clinical trials, patients perceived to be at higher risk of bleeding usually are excluded, the risk of major and even fatal bleeding might even be higher in a 'real-world' setting, i.e. in the elderly patient with comorbidities. On the other hand, these newly developed P2Y12 inhibitors decrease mortality after PCI compared with clopidogrel. The risk/benefit ratio is particularly favorable in PCI for patients with STEMI. © 2011 The Authors Fundamental and Clinical Pharmacology © 2011 Société Française de Pharmacologie et de Thérapeutique. ER  - 
Role of antiplatelet therapy in secondary prevention of acute coronary syndrome$$$ Cardiovascular disease is one of the major causes of death in developed countries, mainly related to coronary artery disease and its acute complications. Platelets play a great role in the pathogenesis of acute thrombotic events of coronary artery disease when silent chronic disease becomes acutely symptomatic. Platelet importance in coronary artery disease and pathophysiology of acute events support the large benefit of antiplatelet agents for both acute management of ACS and secondary prevention. Recent developments in oral antiplatelet therapy raised questions about the choice of the molecules, the use of single or double therapy, and the optimal dosing and duration of treatment. The present review aims to provide a current appraisal of antiplatelet therapy use after ACS and to summarize available scientific evidence for an optimal use of antiplatelet agents in daily practice, including the new P2Y12 blockers. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2011. ER  - 
Association between cytochrome P450 2C19 polymorphism and clinical outcomes in Chinese patients with coronary artery disease$$$ Background: Cytochrome P450 (CYP)2C19 is expressed in vascular endothelium and metabolizes arachidonic acid to biologically active epoxyeicosatrienoic acids, which play a key role in regulating vascular tone. The aim of this study was to investigate whether the genetic functional variant 681G > of cytochrome CYP2C19 is associated with adverse cardiovascular outcomes in Chinese patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods: Between July 2008 and September 2009, 654 consecutive patients with CAD were enrolled in this study. All participants underwent CYP2C19 genotyping. The primary study endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, and nonfatal stroke. Secondary endpoints included the components of the primary endpoint, death from any cause, and recurrent revascularization. Results: The baseline characteristics were well-balanced between carriers (heterozygous *1/*2, n= 291; homozygous *2/*2, n= 57) and non-carriers (n= 306) of the CYP2C19*2 variant. During the follow-up period (11.42 ± 4.23 months), the primary endpoint occurred more frequently in homozygous *2/*2 than in non-carriers (n= 306) of CYP2C19*2 variant (12.28% versus 3.27%; adjusted hazard ratio [HR] = 5.191; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.936-13.917; P= 0.001); however, no such increase was evident in heterozygous *1/*2 patients (4.12% versus 3.27%; adjusted HR = 1.208; 95% CI 0.517-2.822; P= 0.662). Conclusions: The homozygous CYP2C19*2/*2 genotype is an independent determinant of adverse vascular events in Chinese patients with CAD. © 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. ER  - 
Antiplatelet therapy: Controversial aspects$$$ Although the efficacy of antiplatelet therapy is supported by numerous studies areas of uncertainty and doubt persist both in secondary and in primary prevention. In both settings it can be surmised that, with few exceptions, the relative risk reduction obtained, for instance, with aspirin, is rather uniform across the different clinical conditions and measures "efficacy" of the drug: while the absolute risk reduction varies according to the risk levels of the different conditions, and expresses the "efficiency" of the treatment. Especially in conditions at high risk as the acute coronary syndrome (ACS) the problem of "variability of response" or " resistance" to antiaggregating drugs is of remarkable importance. For aspirin resistance main factors are low compliance, interferences with other drugs, especially NSAIDS, diabetes and related glication phenomenon, and especially fast platelet turnover. Genetic polymorphism (C50T) of COX1 gene, has been described but its significance is debated. Regarding clopidogrel, drug interferences, diabetes mellitus, increased platelet turnover, and polymorphisms of the cytochrome P450 family are involved. A useful expression of antiplatelet resistance is "High on Treatment Platelet Reactivity" (HTPR). This entity has been found predictive of poor outcome in a number of studies of patients with ACS, but not in all. Similarly, genotyping patients for cytochrome P450 polymorphisms also shows predictivity, but not confirmed in all studies. Both genotyping and measuring HTPR can be useful for selection of high risk ACS patients and especially in clinical research. New antiplatelet drugs as prasugrel, ticagrelor, and the recent vorapaxar seem to overcome the problem of resistance. In primary prevention, even assuming a uniform efficacy of aspirin, the risk and hence the absolute number of events spared are much lower. Therefore, aspirin will be less efficient, and the net clinical benefit over the bleeding risk will be smaller. Inconclusive results have been found in healthy people as well as in people with diabetes but no prior cardiovascular event. However, in a recent meta-analysis including new trials bearing some factors of heterogeneity, a small but significant reduction in overall mortality suggests that, for aspirin in primary prevention, "the game is not over". © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Promises of PAR-1 inhibition in acute coronary syndrome$$$ Platelet activation is a key process in the pathogenesis of acute coronary syndromes (ACS). Of the many triggers involved in this process, three are presumed to be critical: thromboxane A2 (TBXA2) via the TBXA2 receptor, adenosine diphosphate via the P2Y12 receptor, and thrombin via the protease-activated receptor (PAR)-1. Despite the effective inhibition of the first two pathways with aspirin and an expanding family of P2Y12 inhibitors, the incidence of recurrent ischemic events remains high after ACS. PAR-1 inhibitors are a novel class of antiplatelet agents that inhibit thrombin-mediated platelet activation. Preclinical data and phase 2 clinical trials in patients with stable and unstable coronary disease support the potential of these compounds to improve clinical outcome. In this review we discuss the rationale for developing this novel class of agents with a focus on the two compounds in most advanced clinical development, vorapaxar (SCH 530348) and atopaxar (E5555). © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Optimal management of antiplatelet therapy and proton pump inhibition following percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Opinion statement: Dual antiplatelet therapy (aspirin and a P2Y 12 antagonist) is required after the insertion of a coronary artery stent. If the stent has been inserted in the context of an acute coronary syndrome (ACS), then clopidogrel or a high-potency P2Y12 antagonist such as prasugrel or ticagrelor should be considered. Current indications for the use of prasugrel in this situation include ST elevation, diabetes, or previous stent thrombosis on clopidogrel therapy. If the stent has been inserted electively for stable ischemic heart disease, then the patient should normally receive clopidogrel. Next, it is important to consider the patient's bleeding risk. The CRUSADE score can be used to determine the likelihood of a subsequent gastrointestinal (GI) bleed. For patients treated with aspirin and clopidogrel who are at high risk of a GI bleed, the current evidence suggests that a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) is the most effective way to reduce this risk. There is evidence that omeprazole may attenuate the pharmacodynamic effect of clopidogrel and, therefore, it would be reasonable to use an alternative PPI that has less risk of negative pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic interaction, such as pantoprazole. If a patient is at moderate or low risk of bleeding, then a PPI should be avoided in combination with clopidogrel as the risk of negative interaction is greater than the risk of GI bleeding. There is no substantive evidence that PPIs attenuate the therapeutic effect of prasugrel or ticagrelor; therefore, patients at moderate or high risk of GI bleeding should be offered a PPI. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Genetic determinants of response to cardiovascular drugs$$$ Purpose of Review: To survey genetic variation contributing to variable responsiveness and toxicity to important cardiovascular drugs and highlight recent developments in the field of cardiovascular pharmacogenomics and personalized medicine. Recent Findings: Previously recognized pharmacogenomic associations with drug efficacy have been further validated (e.g. with clopidogrel and warfarin) and shown to influence clinically important outcomes. The clinical significance of variants modulating toxicity (e.g. SLCO1B1 with simvastatin) has also been confirmed. The genetic contribution to variable efficacy and toxicity of other important classes of cardiovascular drugs, such as beta-blockers, is becoming increasingly recognized. Prospective trials testing whether the use of genomic information improves clinical care are underway. Guidance based on the most well-established pharmacogenomic findings has appeared in prescribing labeling and is in the early stages of being implemented into routine clinical care. Summary: Clinically validated gene variants that modulate responsiveness to cardiovascular drugs continue to be discovered and validated. Early steps are underway to translate these discoveries into clinical care. © 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Atlantic (administration of ticagrelor in the cath lab or in the ambulance for new st elevation myocardial infarction to open the coronary artery)-rationale and design of the 30 day international, randomised, parallelgroup, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase iv study: The Australian perspective$$$ Background: Current STEMI guidelines recommend early reperfusion by percutaneous coronary angioplasty (PCI) within 120 min, however there are often delays in transport to PCI centres. Early, prehospital initiation of antiplatelet agents may improve STEMI outcomes, by optimising the antithrombotic milieu by the time of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), or 'spontaneous' reperfusion. However, this strategy has not been adequately tested; consequently there is disparity in Australia in initiation of antiplatelet therapy by ambulance personnel. Clopidogrel is often used in this setting, however has a delayed onset of action and variability in platelet inhibition. Ticagrelor, a reversible direct-acting P2Y12-receptor antagonist, offers more rapid, intense and consistent platelet inhibition than clopidogrel (within 30 min of loading dose 41% vs. 8%, respectively), and in PLATOled to better outcomes than clopidogrel with longterm (One year) treatment post-STEMI. The aim of the ATLANTIC study (EudraCT NCT01347580) is to determine whether pre-hospital ticagrelor improves outcomes in STEMI patients undergoing primary PCI. Methods: Patients are being enrolled in a randomised, double-blind controlled trial in 12 countries, including Australia. Initiation of ticagrelor in STEMI patients randomised to early treatment will be by ambulance personnel, and outcomes compared to in-hospital initiation. The primary endpoint is rate of spontaneous reperfusion prior to PCI. The key secondary endpoint is the composite of death, MI, stroke, urgent revascularisation or acute stent thrombosis during 30 days of treatment with study drug. Enrollment commenced August 2011 and final results are expected September 2013. Conclusion: Study design, rationale and an Australian perspective will be presented. ER  - 
New P2Y12 inhibitors versus clopidogrel in primary percutaneous coronary intervention for STEMI: A meta-analysis$$$ Purpose: Primary PCI of STEMI is a highly thrombotic situation where fast and potent platelet inhibition is preferred. No single trial has ever shown a long-term cardiovascular mortality benefit with a P2Y12 receptor antagonist in this situation. Methods. We performed a meta-analysis of randomized trials that compared new P2Y12 receptor antagonists with clopidogrel in Primary PCI of STEMI on mortality, ischemic outcomes and bleeding events. Data at longest available follow-up from 4 studies were analysed (TRITON STEMI primary PCI, CHAMPION PCI, PLATO STEMI and ERASE MI). Results: 11934 patients were included; 5925 received new P2Y12 inhibitors (1203 prasugrel, 487 cangrelor, 4201 ticagrelor, and 34 elinogrel) and 6009 received clopidogrel (loading dose ranging from 300 to 600mg). Median time from admission to PCI was 5 hours. 58.50% of patients received UFH, 30.33% LMWH, and 8.91% bivalirudin or fondaparinux. 46.66% were treated by additional antiGpIIbIIIa. All patients received aspirin. New P2Y12 inhibitors significantly reduced MACE from 10.85% to 9.32% (p=0.006), any death from 5.43% to 4.3% (p=0.004), CV death from 4.96% to 4.03% (p=0.02), and stent thrombosis from 3.21% to 2.17% (p<0.001). Strokes were increased from 1.11% to 1.59% (p=0.02). TIMI major (from 7.51% to 7.50%, p=0.63) or TIMI major+minor bleeding (from 4.96% to 5.98%, p=1) were not different between the two groups (Figure 1). Conclusion: In comparison with clopidogrel, new P2Y12 inhibitors significantly reduce mortality in primary PCI of STEMI with no increase in bleeding. [TABLE PRESENTED]. ER  - 
Do platelet activity assessment and genotyping help predict outcome in real world management of patients with ACS?$$$ Purpose: it has been postulated that outcome of poor metabolizers of clopidogrel may be worse in ACS patients. Data about the interest of assessing platelet reactivity and genotyping in predicting outcome of patients with ACS taking clopidogrel is still conflicting. Methods: Prospectively, 120 successive patients (76,7% men, mean age=60+/-12,2 years) with ACS 45% STEMI) were included. Patients were excluded if not eligible to clopidogrel therapy or to the platelet activity test. Patients were managed according to ESC guidelines. Platelet activity was assessed by a VerifyNow P2Y12 test more than 24h after a 600mg clopidogrel loading dose. DNA was extracted for genotyping of CYP1A1 and CYP2C19 (∗1,∗2,∗3).MACE (death, infarction, stroke, coronary revascularization) was assessed at 6 months. Results: poor platelet inhibition (PRU>230) was noted 54 (46,6%) patients. CYP1A1 and CYP2C19 low metabolizers (homo and heterozygosis) were respectively 23.1% and 37,5%. MACE at 6 months was noted in 15 (12.5%) patients. No significant correlation was found between MACE and platelet reactivity test nor MACE and genotypes CYP1A1 and CYP2C19. combination of platelet response and resistant genotypes didn't help to predict MACE. Conclusion: despite the high rates of poor responders to clopidogel in this study, assessed by the verify now P2Y12 test and by genotyping (CYP1A1 and CYP2C19), no correlation has been found with MACE at 6 months. ER  - 
CYP2C19 genotype, clopidogrel metabolism, platelet function, and cardiovascular events: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Context: The US Food and Drug Administration recently recommended that CYP2C19 genotyping be considered prior to prescribing clopidogrel, but the American Heart Association and American College of Cardiologists have argued evidence is insufficient to support CYP2C19 genotype testing. Objective: To appraise evidence on the association of CYP2C19 genotype and clopidogrel response through systematic review and meta-analysis. Data Sources: PubMed and EMBASE from their inception to October 2011. Study Selection: Studies that reported clopidogrel metabolism, platelet reactivity or clinically relevant outcomes (cardiovascular disease [CVD] events and bleeding), and information on CYP2C19 genotype were included. Data Extraction: We extracted information on study design, genotyping, and disease outcomes and investigated sources of bias. Results: We retrieved 32 studies of 42 016 patients reporting 3545 CVD events, 579 stent thromboses, and 1413 bleeding events. Six studies were randomized trials ("effectmodification" design) and the remaining 26 reported individuals exposed to clopidogrel ("treatment-only" design). In treatment-only analysis, individuals with 1 or more CYP2C19 alleles associated with lower enzyme activity had lower levels of active clopidogrel metabolites, less platelet inhibition, lower risk of bleeding (relative risk [RR], 0.84; 95% CI, 0.75-0.94; absolute risk reduction of 5-8 events per 1000 individuals), and higher risk of CVD events (RR, 1.18; 95% CI, 1.09-1.28; absolute risk increase of 8-12 events per 1000 individuals). However, there was evidence of small-study bias (Harbord test P=.001). When analyses were restricted to studies with 200 or more events, the point estimate was attenuated (RR, 0.97; 95% CI, 0.86-1.09). In effectmodification studies, CYP2C19 genotype was not associated with modification of the effect of clopidogrel on CVD end points or bleeding (P>.05 for interaction for both). Other limitations included selective outcome reporting and potential for genotype misclassification due to problemswith the*allele nomenclature for cytochrome enzymes. Conclusion: Although there was an association between the CYP2C19 genotype and clopidogrel responsiveness, overall there was no significant association of genotype with cardiovascular events. ©2011 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Bleeding with anticoagulant treatments$$$ Anticoagulation with vitamin K antagonists (VKAs) is effective in the prevention and treatment of thrombotic complications in many clinical conditions, including atrial fibrillation (that represents today the most frequent indication for anticoagulant treatment), venous thromboembolism, acute coronary syndromes and after invasive cardiac procedures. Bleeding is the most important complication of VKAs and a major concern for both physicians and patients, limiting a more widespread prescription of the treatment. As a result, a non negligible proportion of all the subjects who would have a clear clinical indication for anticoagulation do not receive an effective treatment. This review analyses the treatment- and person-associated risk factors for bleeding during VKAs. New oral anticoagulant drugs seems to overcome at least some of the limitations of VKAs. Potentially, they can allow a less demanding and more stable anticoagulant treatment, with less side-effects allowing that more patients can receive an appropriate anticoagulant treatment. Based on the so far available phase III clinical studies, it is possible to assume that these new drugs are associated with a risk of bleeding, that is probably related to the intensity of treatment. © Schattauer 2011. ER  - 
A point-of-care platelet function assay and C-reactive protein for prediction of major cardiovascular events after drug-eluting stent implantation$$$ Objectives: This study sought to investigate clinical utility of on-site platelet function test and C-reactive protein (CRP) in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Background: Data on long-term prognostic value of high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) on clopidogrel after PCI are limited. As a distinct biological pathway, CRP has been suggested to be associated with post-PCI atherothrombotic events. Methods: We evaluated 2,849 patients who received drug-eluting stents (DES) and had post-PCI VerifyNow P2Y12 assays (Accumetrics, San Diego, California) performed. Among them, baseline CRP measurement was available in 2,546 patients. The primary endpoint was a composite of all-cause death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, and stroke. Results: During follow-up (median, 2.2 years), the occurrence of the primary endpoint did not significantly differ among patients with and without HTPR (2.8% vs. 2.4% at 2 years; hazard ratio [HR]: 1.33, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.88 to 2.01; p = 0.18). By contrast, patients with elevated CRP levels were at significantly higher risk for the primary endpoint, as compared with those with nonelevated CRP levels (5.6% vs. 1.7% at 2 years; HR: 2.81, 95% CI:, 1.83 to 4.31; p < 0.001). The VerifyNow test had no incremental usefulness to classify long-term risk. However, the incorporation of CRP into a model with conventional clinical and procedural risk factors significantly improved the C-statistic for the prediction of the primary endpoint (0.729 to 0.759; p = 0.03). Conclusions: We failed to identify that HTPR measured by VerifyNow P2Y12 assay was significantly associated with long-term atherothrombotic risks in patients receiving DES. However, elevated CRP levels were significantly associated with worse outcomes and had incremental predictive values over conventional risk factors. © 2011 American College of Cardiology Foundation. ER  - 
Novel use of prasugrel for intracranial stent thrombosis$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy is established for prevention of stent thrombosis in cardiac patients, and widely utilized in neurointerventional stent cases. Aspirin and clopidogrel are typically synergistic. We present a case of clopidogrel resistance due to genetic polymorphism resulting in acute stent thrombosis during elective stent-assisted coiling, with novel use of prasugrel as an alternative platelet inhibitor in the neurovascular setting. ER  - 
The epidemiology, evaluation and treatment of stroke in adults with sickle cell disease$$$ Stroke is a frequent and severe complication in adults with sickle cell disease. Ischemic stroke often causes physical and cognitive disability, while hemorrhagic stroke has a high mortality rate. As more children survive, the number of strokes in adults is increasing, yet stroke remains poorly understood. We review the epidemiology of ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke in adults with sickle cell disease and outline a practical approach to the evaluation of stroke including both sickle cell disease specific and general risk factors. We discuss the acute treatment and secondary prevention of stroke in this population based on the evidence in children with sickle cell disease and the general population, in addition to the limited studies in adults with sickle cell disease. © 2011 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Bleeding risk assessment and management in atrial fibrillation patients: Executive summary# of a position document from the european heart rhythm association [EHRA], endorsed by the european society of cardiology [ESC] working group on thrombosis$$$ In this executive summary of a Consensus Document from the European Heart Rhythm Association, endorsed by the European Society of Cardiology Working Group on Thrombosis, we comprehensively review the published evidence and propose a consensus on bleeding risk assessments in atrial fibrillation (AF) patients. The main aim of the document was to summarise 'best practice' in dealing with bleeding risk in AF patients when approaching antithrombotic therapy, by addressing the epidemiology and size of the problem, and review established bleeding risk factors. We also summarise definitions of bleeding in the published literature. Patient values and preferences balancing the risk of bleeding against thromboembolism as well as the prognostic implications of bleeding are reviewed. We also provide an overview of published bleeding risk stratification and bleeding risk schema. Brief discussion of special situations (e.g. periablation, peri-devices such as implantable cardioverter defibrillators [ICD] or pacemakers, presentation with acute coronary syndromes and/or requiring percutanous coronary interventions/stents and bridging therapy) is made, as well as a discussion of the prevention of bleeds and managing bleeding complications. Finally, this document puts forwards consensus statements that may help to define evidence gaps and assist in everyday clinical practice. © Schattauer 2011. ER  - 
Neurological disorders in essential thrombocythemia$$$ Patients with essential thrombocythemia often complain of various subjective neurological symptoms. This prospective study aims to assess their incidence and response to therapy. Among 37 consecutive patients with essential thrombocythemia, 11 presented with neurological symptoms. Among them 4 had thrombotic events, 7 complained of transient or fluctuating subjective symptoms, and one had both. Brain magnetic resonance imagery failed to detect any substratum in patients with subjective symptoms. JAK2V617F mutation was found in 9 of 11 patients with neurological symptoms versus 14 of 26 patients without symptoms. Ten patients received low-dose aspirin for these symptoms: complete resolution was observed in 3, improvement with persisting episodes in 2, and resistance to aspirin in 2 patients, in whom addition of cytoreductive therapy became necessary to resolve those disabling symptoms. In this prospective cohort, 30% of patients with essential thrombocythemia presented neurological symptoms. Aspirin was fully efficient in only 30% of cases. JAK2V617F mutation could be a risk factor for such symptoms. © 2011 Ferrata Storti Foundation. ER  - 
Clopidogrel (Plavix)$$$ Clopidogrel is an inhibitor of platelet aggregation, indicated for the prevention of ischemic stroke and in-stent thrombosis. However, it has a number of drawbacks, including an increased risk of hemorrhage; a clinical effect that is slow in onset and irreversible; a genetically determined variability in its clinical potency; and interactions with other commonly administered drugs. ER  - 
Gene-drug interaction in stroke$$$ Stroke is the third cause of mortality and one of most frequent causes of long-term neurological disability, as well as a complex disease that results from the interaction of environmental and genetic factors. The focus on genetics has produced a large number of studies with the objective of revealing the genetic basis of cerebrovascular diseases. Furthermore, pharmacogenetic research has investigated the relation between genetic variability and drug effectiveness/toxicity. This review will examine the implications of pharmacogenetics of stroke; data on antihypertensives, statins, antiplatelets, anticoagulants, and recombinant tissue plasminogen activator will be illustrated. Several polymorphisms have been studied and some have been associated with positive drug-gene interaction on stroke, but the superiority of the genotype-guided approach over the clinical approach has not been proved yet; for this reason, it is not routinely recommended. Copyright © 2011 Serena Amici et al. ER  - 
Current options in oral antiplatelet strategies during percutaneous coronary interventions$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with aspirin and a P2Y12 receptor blocker is the standard of care to prevent recurrent ischemic event occurrence in patients undergoing percutaneous intervention. Glycoprotein IIb/IIIa receptor inhibitors are used in addition to DAPT in the highest-risk clinical settings. The persistent occurrence of ischemic events in the presence of DAPT and the irrefutable demonstration of clopidogrel response variability are two potent arguments against the widely practiced nonselective or "one-size-fits-all" strategy of administering clopidogrel therapy and provides a strong rationale for monitoring clopidogrel therapy. New, potent P2Y12 inhibitors such as prasugrel and ticagrelor are associated with greater platelet inhibition, faster onset of action, and better overall clinical outcomes compared with clopidogrel, but are associated with more non-surgery-related bleeding than clopidogrel. The inhibition of the platelet thrombin receptor may provide additional benefits in attenuating ischemic event occurrence in selected high-risk patients treated with DAPT. © 2011 MedReviews® , LLC. ER  - 
Antiplatelet therapy, cardiac surgery, and the risk of bleeding: The surgeon's perspective$$$ Antiplatelet therapy is widely accepted in the contemporary management of patients with coronary syndromes. Effective platelet inhibition can cause an increased risk of bleeding, which is more evident when patients are referred to surgical coronary revascularization. The cardiac surgeon should be familiar with all new antiplatelet drugs. In this article we compile the latest information about antiplatelet therapy and its impact on cardiac surgery. © 2011 MedReviews®, LLC. ER  - 
Effect of CYP2C19*2 and *23 loss-of-function alleles on platelet reactivity and adverse clinical events in East Asian acute myocardial infarction survivors treated with clopidogrel and aspirin$$$ Background-As compared with whites, East Asians more often carry the cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) allele with the CYP2C19 *3 variant. The influence of the CYP2C19 LOF alleles ( *2 and *3) on clopidogrel response and clinical outcomes in East Asians with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) has not been reported. We sought to evaluate the effect of the CYP2C19 variants on clopidogrel pharmacodynamics and long-term prognosis in these patients. Methods and Results-Patients who survived an AMI (n=266) were enrolled in a single-center registry. Predischarge platelet reactivity was assessed with light transmittance aggregometry and the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay; the CYP2C19 *2, *3, *17 and ABCB1 3435C>T variants were determined. The primary clinical end point was the composite of cardiovascular death, nonfatal MI, and ischemic stroke. The median exposure to clopidogrel was 21 months (interquartile range, 13-29). The ABCB1 3435C>T was not related to clopidogrel response or cardiovascular events. Carriage of the CYP2C19 LOF variant allele was relatively high (60.9%, n=162; *2/*17=2, *3/ *17=1, *1/*2=96, *1/*3=29, *2/ *2=20, and *2/*3=14). Platelet reactivity increased proportionally according to the number of the CYP2C19 LOF alleles. In a multivariate regression analysis, the risk of high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR) increased depending on the number of CYP2C19 LOF allele [1 LOF allele; odds ratio (OR), 1.8; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.8 to 4.2, P=0.152; and 2 LOF alleles; OR, 2.8; 95% CI, 1.2 to 6.5; P=0.016]; platelet reactivity and the rate of HPR did not differ between the CYP2C19*2 versus *3 allele carriage. In addition, cardiovascular event occurrence increased according to the number of the CYP2C19 LOF allele; compared with noncarriers, carriers of 1 [hazard ratio (HR), 3.1; 95% CI, 0.8 to 11.6; P=0.089] and 2 CYP2C19 LOF allele(s) (HR, 10.1; 95% CI, 1.8-58.8; P=0.008) were associated with clinical end point. The clinical impact of the CYP2C19*2 versus *3 allele carriage also did not differ. Conclusions-Among East Asian patients who survived an AMI, the CYP2C19 LOF allele carriage appears to affect clopidogrel pharmacodynamics and cardiovascular events according to the number of the CYP2C19 LOF allele; the influence of the CYP2C19*2 and *3 alleles on clopidogrel response and long-term outcomes does not differ. © 2011 American Heart Association, Inc. ER  - 
Antithrombotic therapy for secondary stroke prevention$$$ Purpose of Review: Antithrombotic therapy is a key component of any strategy for the secondary prevention of ischemic stroke. A better understanding of the various therapeutic options will lead to improved stroke prevention, better medication adherence, and fewer complications. Recent Findings: Antiplatelet agents and anticoagulants are the two major classes of antithrombotic therapy used for stroke prevention. The etiology and mechanism of the stroke must be considered in order to make the best decision regarding which agent(s) to use for secondary stroke prevention. The recent Prevention Regimen for Effectively Avoiding Second Strokes (PRoFESS) study showed that clopidogrel and aspirin plus extended-release dipyridamole had similar event rates in terms of recurrent stroke, but clopidogrel was better tolerated, with fewer bleeding events. Several new anticoagulants are poised to replace warfarin for stroke prevention in the setting of atrial fibrillation. These include dabigatran (a new oral direct thrombin inhibitor) and possibly apixaban (a new oral factor Xa inhibitor). These new medications are much easier to use than warfarin and may be more effective and safer, with fewer drug and food interactions and no need for routine bloodmonitoring. Thus, these new medications may improve adherence as well as clinicians' inclination to treat with anticoagulation. Summary: Because each antiplatelet agent or anticoagulant has certain advantages and disadvantages, clinicians must choose an agent that the patient can afford and tolerate in terms of side effects and adherence. The hope and expectation is that the proper use of these medications in accordance with current guidelines will reduce the risk of a recurrent stroke. © 2011, American Academy of Neurology. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacology and clinical trials of reversibly-binding P2Y12 inhibitors$$$ The important role of the P2Y12 receptor in amplification of platelet activation and associated responses and the limitations associated with clopidogrel therapy have led to the development of novel inhibitors of this receptor. Three reversibly-binding P2Y12 inhibitors are in phase 3 development, ticagrelor, cangrelor and elinogrel. The pharmacology and clinical trial data for each of these inhibitors are discussed and compared with relevant data for the thienopyridines clopidogrel and prasugrel. © Schattauer 2011. ER  - 
Almanac 2011: Acute coronary syndromes. The national society journals present selected research that has driven recent advances in clinical cardiology$$$ This overview highlights some recent advances in the epidemiology, diagnosis, risk stratification and treatment of acute coronary syndromes. The sheer volume of new studies reflects the robust state of global cardiovascular research but the focus here is on findings that are of most interest to the practising cardiologist. Incidence and mortality rates for myocardial infarction are in decline, probably owing to a combination of lifestyle changes, particularly smoking cessation, and improved pharmacological and interventional treatment. Troponins remain central for diagnosis and new high-sensitivity assays are further lowering detection thresholds and improving outcomes. The incremental diagnostic value of other circulating biomarkers remains unclear and for risk stratification simple clinical algorithms such as the GRACE score have proved more useful. Primary PCI with minimal treatment delay is the most effective reperfusion strategy in ST elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). Radial access is associated with less bleeding than with the femoral approach, but outcomes appear similar. Manual thrombectomy limits distal embolisation and infarct size while drug-eluting stents reduce the need for further revascularisation procedures. Non-culprit disease is best dealt with electively as a staged procedure after primary PCI has been completed. The development of antithrombotic and antiplatelet regimens for primary PCI continues to evolve, with new indications for fondaparinux and bivalirudin as well as small-molecule glycoprotein (GP)IIb/IIIa inhibitors. If timely primary PCI is unavailable, fibrinolytic treatment remains an option but a strategy of early angiographic assessment is recommended for all patients. Non-ST segment elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) is now the dominant phenotype and outcomes after the acute phase are significantly worse than for STEMI. Many patients with NSTEMI remain undertreated and there is a large body of recent work seeking to define the most effective antithrombotic and antiplatelet regimens for this group of patients. The benefits of early invasive treatment for most patients are not in dispute but optimal timing remains unresolved. Cardiac rehabilitation is recommended for all patients with acute myocardial infarction but take-up rates are disappointing. Home-based programmes are effective and may be more acceptable for many patients. Evidence for the benefits of lifestyle modification and pharmacotherapy for secondary prevention continues to accumulate but the argument for omega- 3 fatty acid supplements is now hard to sustain following recent negative trials. Implantable cardioverter- defibrillators for patients with severe myocardial infarction protect against sudden death but for primary prevention should be based on left ventricular ejection fraction measurements late (around 40 days) after presentation, earlier deployment showing no mortality benefit. ER  - 
Ticagrelor and plato study$$$ Ticagrelor is an oral, reversible, direct P2Y12 adenosine diphosphate (ADP) receptor antagonist with faster onset of action and more pronounced antiplatelet activity than clopidrogel. It was tested in a large multicentric PLATO study (180 mg loading dose, 90 mg twice daily maintenance dose) against clopidrogel (300-600 mg loading dose, 75 mg maintenance dose) in 18,624 patients with acute coronary syndrome with or without ST elevations. After 12 months, composite of cardiovascular death, heart attack and stroke occurred in 9.8% patients treated with ticagrelorem compared to 11.7% of patients on clopidrogel (p < 0.001). Heart attack alone occurred in 5.8% of patients on ticagrelor compared to 6.9% of patients on clopidrogel (p = 0.005), cardiovascular death occurred in 4.0% vs. 5.1% (p = 0.001) and stroke in 1.5% vs. 1.3% (p = 0.22). No difference was observed in the incidence of large bleeding (11.6% vs. 11.2%, p = 0.43). ER  - 
Successful treatment of brain ischemia with supplementation therapy in a patient with hyperhomocysteinemia$$$ The effectiveness of homocysteine-lowering therapy on stroke prevention is still unclear. Although randomized controlled epidemiological trials have yielded mixed findings, a multicenter trial did not show any beneficial effect. Genetic studies are still lacking. Therefore, we report on a female patient with transient ischemic attacks and the thermolabile variant of methylenetetra-hydrofolate reductase (TT genotype), who benefited from supplemental therapy for homocysteine lowering. ER  - 
Stroke Genetics Update: 2011$$$ Although stroke remains a leading cause of disability and mortality worldwide, recently there have been significant advances related to our understanding of the genetic basis of stroke. Ongoing research efforts put us on the cusp for major breakthroughs in the field. In this review, we present the substantial evidence for the contribution of genetic variation to the development of stroke, and the difficulties posed in the study of stroke given the numerous genetically driven risk factors and stroke subtypes. We emphasize recent findings implementing candidate gene and genome-wide association approaches. We then discuss how emerging knowledge is informing and reshaping our understanding of stroke biology and how, in the near term, genetics may be used clinically to identify individuals who are at risk of disease or who may derive benefit from specific treatment modalities. Lastly, we address ongoing and future approaches that will continue to improve our understanding of stroke genetics. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC (outside the USA). ER  - 
Aspirin resistance: Molecular mechanisms and techniques$$$ Aspirin became a cornerstone in the treatment of coronary artery disease and widely used in the secondary prevention of vascular events. Aspirin resistance remains a poorly defined term though clinical definition is failure of the drug to prevent an atherothrombotic event despite the regular intake of appropriate doses is a relatively common problem. Various laboratory parameters assessing its efficacy, like bleeding time, platelet reactivity, thromboxane A2 (TXA2) production and measurement of platelet aggregation have confirmed the lack of its uniform effect on the platelets. Various molecular mechanism responsible for Aspirin resistance include Insufficient suppression of COX-1, over- expression of COX-2 mRNA, Erythrocyte induced platelet activation, Genetic polymorphism of enzymes like COX-1, COX-2 or thromboxane A2 synthase. Clinical factor like non compliance of patient is also responsible for Aspirin resistance. The limitations in understanding Aspirin resistance include difficulties in assessing platelet function and aspirin resistance and contributed to variable reporting of Aspirin resistance. Therefore, the definition of Aspirin resistance requires refinement to include genetic polymorphism of various enzymes responsible for Aspirin resistance. However, various techniques for platelet analysis also require modification to understand Aspirin resistance. ER  - 
Pharmacogenomics in a community pharmacy: ACT now$$$ Objective: To highlight the opportunity for community pharmacists to provide pharmacogenomic testing and counseling. Data sources: Peer-reviewed pharmacy literature. Summary: Pharmacists practicing in community pharmacy are accustomed to optimizing drug therapy through various medication therapy management programs. They use patient-specific information obtained from the patient and their prescribers to cater patient-specific drug regimens. Pharmacogenomics is rapidly evolving, and this field can help optimize medication therapy using an individual's genetic code to identify opportunities for increased or decreased adverse effects or changes in efficacy. Pharmacogenomic testing technology has made conducting pharmacogenomic testing in community pharmacies possible. Pharmacists must arm themselves with the knowledge and skills specific to pharmacogenomics in order to fully integrate this expanding area into patient care and turn this into a great opportunity. Conclusion: Advances in knowledge and technology regarding pharmacogenomics coupled with the overwhelming access and use of a community pharmacist by patients provides a tremendous opportunity for community pharmacists to lay claim to the field of pharmacogenomics. Pharmacists are able and needed to provide testing, evaluate results, and offer patient and prescriber education for pharmacogenomics. Pharmacists must take steps to assess the entire clinical picture and use pharmacogenomics where appropriate to optimize drug therapy. ER  - 
Clopidogrel Resistance: Identifying and Overcoming a Barrier to Effective Antiplatelet Treatment$$$ Clopidogrel is an inhibitor of the ADP receptor P2Y12 and platelet aggregation. It is widely used for the management of atherothrombotic disease in patients who have experienced severe vascular events such as stroke or myocardial infarction or with peripheral artery disease. However, some patients show "resistance" to clopidogrel, and show impaired inhibition of platelet aggregation. In this review, I discuss the clinical evidence of the extent of the problem, potential implications for future cardiovascular events and clinical tests to assess platelet aggregation. I also discuss the mechanisms that appear responsible for clopidogrel resistance. Clopidogrel is administered as a prodrug and the active metabolite is generated by the cytochrome P450 system. Therefore, inadequate responses to clopidogrel may be caused by polymorphisms in one or more of the cytochrome P450 enzymes and interaction/competition with other drugs metabolized by the cytochrome P450 system (e.g., statins and proton pump inhibitors). Finally, I discuss the therapeutic options available for patients with known or suspected clopidogrel resistance, including the use of drugs with alternative molecular targets (e.g., cilostazol), metabolized via different pathways (e.g., prasugrel) or administered in an active form (e.g., ticagrelor). Clopidogrel resistance is a clinically significant problem with potentially severe consequences if it is not identified or managed appropriately. The availability of point-of-care assays and novel treatments provide clinicians with an extensive array of tools that should aid in the management of atherothrombotic diseases/events, and reduce the risk of future severe events in these patients. © 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Clinical implication of the aspirin resistance after drug-eluting stent implantation$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate clinical utility of on-site measurement of aspirin resistance in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with drug-eluting stents (DES). BACKGROUND: Data on long-term prognostic value of aspirin resistance in large number of “real-practice” patients receiving PCI with DES are limited. METHODS: We prospectively evaluated 2849 patients who received DES and had VerifyNow aspirin assay measured at 24 to 48 hours post-PCI. Aspirin resistance was defined as an aspirin reaction units (ARU) > 550. The primary end point was a composite of all-cause death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, and stroke. RESULTS: At post-procedure, overall incidence of aspirin resistance was 7.1% (203 patients). During follow-up of 2.2 years (median), the occurrence of the primary end point significantly higher in patients with aspirin resistance than those without aspirin resistance (5.4% vs. 1.9% at 2 year; log-rank P value = 0.004). After multivariable adjustment using Cox-proportional hazard regression analysis, aspirin resistance was significantly associated with a higher risk of primary endpoint (hazard ratio 1.91, 95% confidence interval, 1.35-3.88; P=0.035). There was no significant interaction between aspirin resistance measured by ARU and clopidogrel resistance measured by P2Y12 reaction units (PRU). CONCLUSION: In this large number of “real-world” PCI patients treated with DES, aspirin resistance, measured by VerifyNow aspirin assay, was independently associated with long-term atherothrombotic risks. ER  - 
Differential prognostic implication of a point-of-care platelet function test in patients with acute coronary syndrome versus stable angina and who undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ BACKGROUND High platelet reactivity during clopidogrel therapy has been linked to cardiovascular events after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). However, whether or not prognostic implications of residual platelet reactivity are same with different clinical spectrums is not well defined. METHODS A total of 2424 consecutive patients taking clopidogrel undergoing PCI with stent implantation had valid measurement of on-treatment platelet reactivity by VerifyNow P2Y12 assay. We determined the prognostic influence on clinical outcomes of high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) and its interaction according to clinical indications: acute coronary syndrome (n=1095) versus stable angina (n=1329). The primary end point was defined as a composite of all-cause death, nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI), stent thrombosis, and stroke. RESULTS The mean follow-up duration was 2.2 years. In patients with acute coronary syndrome, the presence of HTPR was independently associated with higher risk of primary end point after adjustment of significant covariates (hazard ratio [HR] 1.92, 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.24-2.99; P=0.004). This association was consistent for patient with unstable angina/non-ST-elevation MI by a factor of 1.96 and those with ST-elevation MI by a factor of 2.05. However, in patients with stable angina, the presence of HTPR was not associated with the incidence of primary end point (HR 1.00, 95% CI, 0.72-1.39; P=0.98) (P=0.01 for interaction). CONCLUSION In patients receiving PCI with stent implantation and taking clopidogrel therapy, there was a significantly differential prognostic impact of on-site residual platelet reactivity on clinical outcomes between acute coronary syndrome and stable angina. ER  - 
Considering abcb1 genotype in addition to CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele allows better prediction of 1-year clinical outcomes than each one in clopidogrel on-treatment patients who underwent PCI with drug-eluting stent$$$ Introduction Combined effect of ABCB1 3435 TT genotype and CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele on 1-year clinical outcomes in real-world PCI cohort have not been studied. Methods We retrospectively enrolled 2188 patients (1656 [75.7%] angina and 532 [24.3%] AMI patients) who received a loading dose of 600mg clopidogrel followed by daily 75mg maintenance dose for at least 1-year after PCI between 2005 to 2009. We tested the association of polymorphism of 6 genes (CYP2B6, CYP2C19, CYP3A4, CYP3A5, ABCB1, P2Y12) with the primary end point of major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCE; including death from any cause, nonfatal MI, or stroke) during 1-year follow-up. Results Patients with MACCE showed older, higher prevalence of HBP/CRF/CYP2C19 poor metabolizer (PM) (∗2/∗2, ∗2/∗3, ∗3/∗3) genotype, more left main disease, and more diagnosis of MI than patients without MACCE. On multivariable Cox analysis, age≥65 years (HR; 3.65, 95% CI; 2.29-6.49), diagnosis of MI (HR; 2.72, 95% CI; 1.75-4.23), CRF (HR; 6.32, 95% CI; 3.80-10.51), and CYP2C19 PM (HR; 1.87, 95% CI; 1.12-3.12) were identified as predictors of MACCE. ABCB1 3435 TT genotype had no statistical significance on Cox regression model. Notably, when CYP2C19 PM was combined with ABCB1 3435C{lozenge}T polymorphism, presence of ABCB1 3435 TT genotype had a statistical significance (PM+ABCB1 TT vs. PM+non-ABCB1 TT (CC/CT) : HR; 2.86, 95% CI; 1.09-7.57, p for interaction=0.15) as well as HR of PM+ABCB1 TT genotype to non-PM+non-ABCB1 TT genotype (CC/CT) were significantly increased (HR; 3.97, 95% CI; 1.71-9.21) compared with that of each CYP2C19 PM and ABCB1 TT genotype. This combined effect of CYP2C19 PM was not seen in polymorphism of other genes. Conclusions In conclusion, when both ABCB1 and CYP2C19 are taken into account, we may predict 1-year MACCE better in clopidogrel on-treatment patients in real-world PCI cohort. ER  - 
Impact of CYP2C19 polymorphism and diabetes mellitus on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes in patients following coronary stent placement$$$ Background: CYP2C19 polymorphism and diabetes mellitus (DM) is associated with the reduced effect on platelet response to clopidogrel. However, it remains unknown about the relation between CYP2C19 genotype and diabetes to clinical events after coronary stenting. The aim was to examine the impact of CYP2C19 polymorphism and diabetes on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes in patients following coronary stent placement. Methods: Adenosine diphosphate induced platelet aggregation using light transmission aggregometer was measured as response to clopidogrel in 191 patients (male 66%, age 69 years) treated with stent placement for coronary artery disease (CAD). CYP2C19 polymorphism was also examined, and classified into three phenotypes: (1) extensive metabolizer (EM) carrying normal function (wild-type) alleles (CYP2C19∗1/∗1), (2) intermediate metabolizer (IM) carrying one loss-of-function allele (∗1/∗2, ∗1/∗3), and (3) poor metabolizer (PM) carrying two loss-of-function alleles (∗2/∗2, ∗2/∗3, ∗3/∗3). Results: Patients were divided into two groups; DM (n=85), and non-DM (n=106). The values of residual platelet reactivity were 3935+/-1513, and 4199+/-1673 AU∗min in DM, and non-DM group, respectively. In contrast to distribution of CYP2C19 polymorphism in Caucasians, the ratio of CYP2C19 loss-of-function allele was higher in Japanese (EM, 34%; IM, 47%; PM, 19%). According to CYP2C19 genotype, the levels of residual platelet reactivity in EM, IM, and PM were 3822, 3643, and 4713 AU∗min in DM group, and 3639, 4243, and 5551 in non-DM, respectively. Although there was no difference in platelet reactivity of EM between DM and non-DM, platelet reactivity was higher in IM and PM of non-DM group than in IM and PM of DM. As to clinical outcomes, there were no differences in cardiovascular events (death, myocardial infarction, stroke, unstable angina) among CYP2C19 genotypes in DM group. Whereas, in non-DM group, cardiovascular events were more increased in patients carrying at least one loss-of-function allele (∗2 or ∗3) than in patients with CYP2C19 wild-type homozygotes (∗1/∗1). Conclusions: In patients with CAD, impact of CYP2C19 loss-of-function polymorphism on clinical outcomes is more powerful in non-DM compared with DM patients. ER  - 
Efficacy of predicting thrombotic events with combination of dual point-of-care testing (poct) after drug-eluting stent implantation for coronary heart disease: Results from the CILON-T randomized trial POCT substudy$$$ Aim: Previous studies regarding on-treatment platelet reactivity have focused on response variability to individual antiplatelet agents. There are limited data on [1] response variability to both of these anti-platelet drugs, [2] efficacy of combining two point-of-care tests (POCT) simultaneously and [3] how it predicts the clinical outcome after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods: We analyzed 716 patients, enrolled in the CILON-T prospective randomized controlled trial, with both VerifyNow P2Y12 (PRU) and Aspirin (ARU) data at discharge. Patients were classified according to the tertile of PRU, ARU and the sum of the tertiles of PRU and ARU. The primary endpoint was the composite of cardiac death, nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI) and ischemic stroke at 6 months post-PCI. Results: Ten patients reached the primary endpoint, four of which were nonfatal MI and six ischemic stroke. When analyzed for the primary endpoint, tertiles of ARU and PRU were not able to discriminate patients with future thrombotic events from the remainder (p= 0.197 for ARU and 0.058 for PRU with the log-rank test, respectively), whereas combining the tertiles of ARU and PRU was significantly effective (p= 0.019 for ARU+PRU with the log-rank test). Multivariate analysis showed that the highest tertile of the sum of ARU and PRU tertiles was the only significant predictor of future thrombotic events after PCI (HR 6.34, 95% confidence interval 1.32-30.47, p= 0.021). Conclusions: In this post-hoc analysis of the CILON-T trial, combining the results of ARU and PRU simultaneously had a significant role in discriminating patients at highest risk of future thrombotic events after PCI compared with either assay alone. ER  - 
Anemia is a major predictor of decreased platelet response to clopidogrel following coronary stenting$$$ Background: A decreased response to clopidogrel as assessed by platelet aggregation testing following percutaneous coronary interventions (PCI) is a predictor of recurrent ischemic events. Significant intra-individual variability in platelet aggregation on repeat testing has been reported. Methods: To understand this variability, we examined the clinical and laboratory elements linked to high residual platelet reactivity (HRPR) in 255 consecutive patients tested at least 12 hrs following the PCI, using both light transmission aggregometry in response to 5μM ADP (LTA) and the Accumetrics VerifyNow P2Y12 assay (VNP2Y12). HRPR was defined based on previously validated cutoffs (>46% for LTA, >236PRUs for VNP2Y12. Results: Using univariate logistic regression, several variables were associated with HRPR (anemia, female gender, history of hypertension and absence of a clopidogrel loading dose for LTA, and anemia, female gender, history of hypertension, CVA, diabetes or hypercholesterolemia, kidney disease and concurrent use of proton pump inhibitors for VNP2Y12). On multivariate analysis however, the only variable independently associated with HRPR with both assays was laboratory-defined anemia, present in 37.3% of the patients. The prevalence of HRPR by LTA was 34.3% amongst anemic patients and 15.6% of the patients with normal hemoglobin levels, and 59.8% versus 25.9% respectively by VNP2Y12 (p<0.005 in both cases). In a subgroup of 50 patients testing was done both before and after the clopidogrel loading dose. At baseline there were no differences in the platelet aggregation with either assay. The absolute inhibition of platelet aggregation to ADP following the clopidogrel load was significantly less in anemic patients compared to patients with normal hemoglobin levels, as measured by both assays (delta residual aggregation by LTA of 15.8±5.8% vs 28.8±3.2%, p<0.05, and delta PRU by VNP2Y12 of 56.5±35.5 PRUs vs 145.0±14.2 PRU's, p<0.01 respectively). Conclusion: Anemia is a novel major contributor to HRPR on clopidogrel and may explain some of the intra-individual variability of platelet aggregation testing. ER  - 
In hospital and 30 day outcomes in all-comer percutaneous coronary intervention with bivalirudin: Initial report of the prospective EUROVISION Registry. Hamon M, Nienaber C, Galli S, Huber K, Gulba D, Hill J, Lafont A, Cequier A, Bernstein D, Deliargyris e$$$ Background: The EUROVISION Registry was designed to capture patterns of use and short term outcomes associated with the use of bivalirudin (BIV) during PCI procedures in Europe. Methods: A total of 2018 consecutive BIV-treated patients (75% male, mean age 65.5 years) were included from 58 sites in 5 countries (Germany, Italy, France, Austria, United Kingdom). In-hospital and 30-day outcomes were collected and included: Death, MI, stroke, revascularization, major and minor bleeding, stent thrombosis and thrombocytopenia. Results: Indication for PCI included STEMI (34%), NSTEMI (25%), unstable angina (16%) and stable angina (26%) with a median procedural duration of 28 minutes. Overall, P2Y12 inhibitor preloading occurred in 95% of patients (91% clopidogrel {65% with 600 mg and 33% with 300mg}, 9% prasugrel), 45% of patients received other antithrombin therapy prior to PCI and were then switched to BIV, while procedural glycoprotein inhibitor (GPI) use was low at 4.2%. Activated clotting time was checked in only 2.8% suggesting operator familiarity with BIV predictable mode of action and treatment effect. Among STEMI patients, 62% received a post-procedural BIV infusion for a median duration of 122 minutes. Safety measures included major bleeding (1.6%), stroke (5/2018, 0.2%), thrombocytopenia (0/2018), and stent thrombosis (6/2018, 0.3%). Overall mortality was 1.0%, myocardiaI infarction rate was 1.1% and urgent revascularization was 0.8%. Conclusion: Adaptation of BIV as the foundation for all-comer PCI (including high percentage of STEMI and NSTEMI patients) is associated with excellent ischemic protection and unsurpassed safety. The rates observed in EUROVISION compare favorably to other large existing registry datasets. ER  - 
Inhibitory interaction between calcium channel blocker and clopidogrel: Efficacy of cilostazol to overcome it$$$ Background: The clinical effect of, and additive measures to overcome the possible inhibitory calcium channel blocker (CCB)-clopidogrel interaction in Asian patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention is unknown. Methods and Results: A total of 900 Korean patients enrolled for the multicenter, prospective, randomized Influence of CILostazol-based triple antiplatelet therapy ON ischemic complication after drug-eluting stenT implantation (CILON-T) trial were divided into 4 groups depending on CCB prescription and type of anti-platelet therapy (dual [DAT] vs. triple [TAT; addition of cilostazol to DAT]) in a 2×2 factorial manner. The primary endpoint was a composite of cardiac death, non-fatal myocardial infarction and ischemic stroke at 6 months after PCI. On-treatment platelet reactivity (OPR) was assessed on VerifyNow P2Y12 assay. Concomitant CCB use increased OPR in the DAT group (mean ± SEM: 251.2±7.6 vs. 225.6±5.1; P=0.008), but not in the TAT group (214.5±9.1 vs. 203.4±5.6; P=0.294). Primary endpoint increased by use of CCB in patients with DAT (4.9% vs. 0.9%, P=0.016), but not in those with TAT (0% vs. 1.8%, P=0.346). Addition of cilostazol to DAT reduced OPR and clinical events in patients taking CCB (P=0.007 for P2Y12 reaction units; P=0.027 for thrombotic events). CCB without concomitant cilostazol use was a significant predictor of total thrombotic events. Conclusions: Concomitant use of CCB may weaken the anti-platelet effect of clopidogrel and increase subsequent thrombotic events in Asian subjects. This hazardous CCB-clopidogrel interaction may be overcome by addition of cilostazol. ER  - 
Current concepts on coronary revascularization in diabetic patients$$$ Diabetic mellitus (DM) patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) are at higher risk of cardiovascular events compared with non-DM individuals. While aggressive cardiovascular prevention and adequate blood glucose control remain cornerstones of therapy, the decision when and how to proceed to coronary revascularization in an individual DM patient should be based on the extent of CAD, ischaemic burden, ventricular function, as well as comorbidities. While in patients with stable symptoms, moderate CAD on coronary angiography and preserved left ventricular function a conservative strategy may be a valuable initial strategy, in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) an early invasive approach should be favoured. The revascularization strategy for DM patients with complex multivessel CAD should be discussed within a heart team consisting of cardiologists, cardiac surgeons, and anaesthesiologists. In general, the threshold for coronary artery bypass surgery (CABG) should be lower for DM than for non-DM individuals. In patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention, the use of drug-eluting stents (DES) andin the setting of ACSof potent platelet inhibitors, such as prasugrel or ticagrelor, should be favoured. In the near future, multiple strategies may further favourably impact the prognosis of DM patients undergoing coronary revascularization. These include alternative antiplatelet agents such as thromboxane receptor inhibitors, the broad use of second generation DES, and possibly the implantation of bioresorbable stents. Coronary artery bypass surgery outcomes may also further improve by wide implementation of arterial revascularization, reduction in perioperative stroke by avoiding clamping of the aorta, reduction in wound infection by minimally invasive techniques, and optimization of post-operative medical management. © 2011 The Author. ER  - 
Is bilirubin a marker of vascular disease and/or cancer and is it a potential therapeutic target?$$$ Normal aerobic metabolism is associated with reactive oxygen species (ROS) that can damage cellular macromolecules. Analogous free radicals are formed by exposure to ionizing radiation and many dietary products are considered to contain free radical generators. During the past 15 years epidemiological studies and animal experiments have identified bilirubin as a molecule at the crossroads of the protection of the body against ROS. The studies have focused on bilirubin as a biomarker of arterial disease. This review assesses the current state of evidence and sets the data in context. There is no definitive evidence from prospective studies of a causal protective effect from bilirubin in arterial disease or that various genetic polymorphisms, (particularly the 7/7 UGT1A1 repeat polymorphism) impacts coronary artery disease. There is no definitive evidence that high bilirubin levels confer protection against cancer. There is some preliminary evidence that bilirubin may have a protective effect in lung disease and stroke, but the reports have yet to be confirmed. The role of various genotypes of UGT1A1 and HMOX1, if any, in cancer is unclear. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
Effect of gender difference on platelet reactivity$$$ Background Previous studies have suggested that women do not accrue equal therapeutic benefit from antiplatelet medication as compared with men. The physiological mechanism and clinical implications behind this gender disparity have yet to be established. Methods On-treatment platelet reactivity was determined in 717 men and 234 women on dual antiplatelet therapy, undergoing elective coronary stent implantation. Platelet function testing was performed using arachidonic acid and adenosine diphosphate-induced light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) and the VerifyNow P2Y12 and Aspirin assays. Also the incidence of all-cause death, non-fatal acute myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis and ischaemic stroke was evaluated. Results Women had higher baseline platelet counts than men. Women exhibited a higher magnitude of on-aspirin platelet reactivity using LTA, but not using the VerifyNow Aspirin assay. The magnitude of on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity was significantly higher in women as compared with men with both tests used. The cut-off value to identify patients at risk as well as the incidence of clinical endpoints was similar between women and men (16/234[6.8%] vs. 62/717[8.6%], p=0.38). Conclusion Although the magnitude of platelet reactivity was higher in women, the absolute difference between genders was small and both the cut-off value to identify patients at risk and the incidence of the composite endpoint were similar between genders. Thus, it is unlikely that the difference in platelet reactivity accounts for a worse prognosis in women. © The Author(s) 2011. ER  - 
Pharmacogenomics in neurology: Current state and future steps$$$ In neurology, as in any other clinical specialty, there is a need to develop treatment strategies that allow stratification of therapies to optimize efficacy and minimize toxicity. Pharmacogenomics is one such method for therapy optimization: it aims to elucidate the relationship between human genome sequence variation and differential drug responses. Approaches have focused on candidate approaches investigating absorption-, distribution-, metabolism, and elimination (ADME)-related genes (pharmacokinetic pathways), and potential drug targets (pharmacodynamic pathways). To date, however, only few genetic variants have been incorporated into clinical algorithms. Unfortunately, a large number of studies have thrown up contradictory results due to a number of deficiencies, including small sample sizes, inadequate phenotyping, and genotyping strategies. Thus, there still exists an urgent need to establish biomarkers that could help to select for patients with an optimal benefit to risk relationship. Here we review recent advances, and limitations, in pharmacogenomics for agents used in neuroimmunology, neurodegenerative diseases, ischemic stroke, epilepsy, and primary headaches. Further work is still required in all of these areas, which really needs to progress on several fronts, including better standardized phenotyping, appropriate sample sizes through multicenter collaborations and judicious use of new technological advances such as genome-wide approaches, next generation sequencing and systems biology. In time, this is likely to lead to improvements in the benefit-harm balance of neurological therapies, cost efficiency, and identification of new drugs. Ann Neurol 2011 Copyright © 2011 American Neurological Association. ER  - 
Sanger sequencing assay to detect 2C19 allele variants associated with plavix metabolism$$$ Introduction: Plavix is given to patients with cardiovascular disease in order to reduce the risk of heart attack, unstable angina, stroke, and cardiovascular death. The drug is metabolized to its active form primarily by the CYP450 isoenzyme 2C19. The CYP450 super-family of genes displays varying degrees of intra-family homology; specifically 2C19 has high homology with 2C9, which generates inherent challenges for complex detection assays. Here we have designed a Sanger sequencing based assay to detect those 2C19 alleles with clinical associations. Methods: PCR and sequencing primers were developed and used to amplify 2C19 gene 5' UTR and exons 1, 3, 4, 5 and 8. Sanger sequencing assays were performed on DNA from the Coriell repository and CAP proficiency surveys using BigDye Terminator Mix version 3.1 (ABI). Sequence analysis was done on a 3130 genetic analyzer using sequencing software version 5.3.1 (ABI). 2C9 sequence-exclusions were confirmed by interrogating 2C19 nonhomologous regions. Results: 2C19 sequences were generated for each of the target exons and 5' UTR. These sequences were compared to NCBI reference data to detect ∗2 681G>A, ∗3 636G>A, ∗4 1A>G, ∗8 358T>C, ∗9 431G>A ∗10 680C>T, ∗13 128C>T and ∗17 -806C>T alleles. All genotypes generated by our Sanger sequencing assay were 100% concordant with those known genotypes used in the analyses. Conclusions: Stringent primer design allowed CYP2C19 alleles to be amplified in the absence of contaminating 2C9 sequences. This allows more accurate elucidation of CYP2C19 genotypes and predicts a more accurate metabolizer phenotype. ER  - 
Association for Molecular Pathology Annual Meeting Abstracts, AMP 2011$$$ The proceedings contain 299 papers. The topics discussed include: an uncommon prothrombin gene variant in an African-American woman with a stroke; laboratory validation of the Abbott cystic fibrosis genotyping assay on the applied biosystems 3500 xL instrument; comparison of the performance of micofludics with capillary electrophoresis as a platform for PCR analysis for FMR1 Premutations; long-range PCR for clinical mutation detection of SFTPA1 and SFTPA2 genes; homocysteine and MTHFR gene polymorphism in Alzheimer's disease and other dementia; rapid targeted prenatal detection of sex chromosomal aneuploidies using quantitative fluorescence polymerase chain reaction in Singapore; sanger sequencing assay to detect 2C19 allele variants associated with plavix metabolism; detection and characterization of fragile x expansion mutations using PCR-based assays; and large deletions resulting in cystic fibrosis in three patients and discussion of the methods used. ER  - 
Benchmark analysis of genetic testing practice patterns in a real-world population of patients receiving clopidogrel or prasugrel therapy$$$ BACKGROUND: Cytochrome P450 2C19 genotype has been shown to modify cardiovascular outcomes on clopidogrel therapy in patients post-acute coronary syndromes or percutaneous coronary interventions. Recent clopidogrel label changes have incorporated this information; however real-world application of genetic testing in patients receiving thienopyridine antiplatelet therapy is unknown. METHODS: A retrospective, integrated medical and pharmacy claims database, cohort analysis was conducted in patients with new clopidogrel or prasugrel prescriptions between 7/1/08-6/30/10, and continuous eligibility for 6 months pre- and 3 months post-initiation. Genetic testing was identified using CPT-4 codes present 1 month prior and 3 months post the index prescription date. Genetic testing incidence was calculated, and univariate comparisons of prescriber information, and patient demographic and clinical characteristics in cases tested vs not tested were performed. RESULTS: The analysis included 95,381 clopidogrel and 1,819 prasugrel patients. Genetic testing was recorded in 522 (0.6%) clopidogrel and 15 (0.8%) prasugrel patients, rendering the latter sample too small for detailed analysis. Clopidogrel patients receiving genetic testing (vs patients not tested) were a mean age of 58±13 yrs (68±13 yrs, p<0.001), 29% were 65 yrs old (61%, p<0.001), 56% were male (59%), 33% were Western US residents (18%, p<0.001), 35% were recently hospitalized for stroke (8%, p<0.001), and were less often prescribed clopidogrel by a cardiologist (22% vs 32%, p<0.001) and more often by a neurology specialist (8% vs 2%, p<0.001). The incidence of genetic testing did not vary over time. CONCLUSION: Although the FDA has provided numerous advisories that have lead to changes in clopidogrel provider information sheets, genetic testing is rarely employed in routine practice in patients prescribed clopidogrel or prasugrel therapy. Testing was biased toward younger clopidogrel patients with a recent stroke event, and non-cardiologist prescribers. While these data establish a national benchmark for future comparison, further exploration of barriers to testing, provider education and patient selection, and the impact of programmatic approaches to testing are warranted. ER  - 
Cost-effectiveness of platelet reactivity testing in clopidogrel exposed patients scheduled for coronary artery bypass surgery$$$ Background: Coronary artery bypass surgery (CABG) is typically delayed until 5 days after last clopidogrel dose, waiting for restoration of platelet reactivity units (PRU). We have investigated cost-effectiveness of CABG timing strategy involving daily platelet PRU testing and operating when platelet inhibition (PI) is less than 30%. Material and Methods: All consenting patients underwent daily PRU testing with point of care VerifyNow P2Y12 assay after receiving 600 mg of clopidogrel at the time of catheterization. Twenty-four hour interval was given between integrillin administration and testing. 29 patients (41% females, 34% with diabetes) comprised study cohort. Daily hospital cost for room and board was $3,770; cost of PRU testing was $49.The study was approved by the institutional IRB. Results: 83% of patients were operated on day 6 after the last clopidogrel dose; an additional 5 patients waited for more than 6 days. At least 75% of the tested patients demonstrated less than 30% PI, traditionally considered “safe” for a surgical intervention. There were no significant differences in RBC (p=0.949) or platelet (p=0.864) transfusion, fresh frozen plasma (p=0.295) or cryoprecipitate (p=0.654) administration in patients whose surgery was delayed for more than 6 days. Employing a strategy of operating on the day when PI is less than 30%, time to the surgery can be decreased from 5.3+/- 0.6 days to 2.8+/-1.5 days, Mann-Whitney p<0.0001. Assuming no other expenses than cost of room and board in patients managed traditionally and added cost of daily PRU testing in platelet reactivity directed approach, average cost would decrease from $19,890+/-2,447 to $10,535+/-5,558 (Mann-Whitney p<0.0001). Conclusions: Unless dictated by other clinical considerations, delaying CABG beyond 5 days after last clopidogrel dose is not justified. Five day waiting period is excessive with the majority of clopidogrel-treated patients achieving “safe” platelet responsiveness in less than 5 days. A strategy, involving daily platelet reactivity testing and performing CABG when PI is less than 30%, promises to bring significant cost-savings without compromising quality of delivered care. ER  - 
One-year cost-effectiveness of cytochrome p450 2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy in patients with acute coronary syndromes$$$ OBJECTIVES: Cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) genotype has been shown to affect cardiovascular (CV) outcomes for clopidogrel but not prasugrel. This study evaluates the cost-effectiveness of CYP2C19-guided vs. routine antiplatelet therapy in ACS patients. METHODS: We constructed a literature-based, decision analytic, Markov model (TreeAge 2009) to estimate the cost-effectiveness of CYP2C19-guided aspirin plus either clopidogrel or prasugrel therapy vs. no genotyping. Post-initial ACS CV events were based on the TRITON-TIMI 38 study and related costs were derived primarily using 2007 Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project DRGs for nonfatal MI and stroke, CV death, intracranial hemorrhage, other life-threatening bleed, and minor bleed. Additional costs and disease-state utilities were obtained from other published sources. All costs were adjusted to 2009 $US using the Consumer Price Index medical care component. The model allowed for clopidogrel/prasugrel discontinuation and aspirin monotherapy. Model sensitivity was assessed using 1-way and multi-way analysis of influential parameters. RESULTS: The base case model demonstrated that CYP2C19 genotype guided antiplatelet therapy yielded lower overall annual cost and greater efficacy vs. no genotyping (Table). The model was sensitive to (in declining order): clopidogrel cost/day ($1 to $5.78), prasugrel cost/day ($4.09 to $ 6.81), % CYP2C19 extensive metabolizers on clopidogrel (60% to 100%), CYP2C19 test cost ($60 to $250), and monthly CV event management cost. A threshold value for clopidogrel at <$2.14/day favored the no genotyping strategy. However, the genotyping strategy was dominant when clopidogrel cost =$1/day and a CYP2C19 test cost threshold of <$125 on 2-way analysis. CONCLUSIONS: CYP2C19 genotype-guided clopidogrel or prasugrel therapy is cost-effective for up to 1 year in ACS patients, and can remain a preferred strategy at a hypothetical generic clopidogrel cost of $1.00/day. (Table Presented). 1Base case values:Drug wholesale acquisition cost/day: clopidogrel $4.62, prasugrel $5.45; Baseline post-ACS utility = 0.83; Monthly cost for post-CV event management = $351; CYP2C19 genotyping =$185; After genotyping: 80% of extensive metabolizers, 20% of intermediate metabolizers and 10% of poor metabolizers on clopidogrel; 80% on clopidogrel without genotyping; Willingness to pay = $200. ER  - 
Platelet function in patients with diabetes mellitus: From a theoretical to a practical perspective$$$ Patients with diabetes mellitus have an increased prevalence of vascular disease. Pathologic thrombosis associated with atherosclerotic plaque rupture is a major cause of morbidity and mortality. Platelets are intimately involved in the initiation and propagation of thrombosis. Evidence suggests that platelets from patients with type 2 diabetes have increased reactivity and baseline activation compared to healthy controls. We review the pathophysiology of platelet hyperreactivity in DM patients and its implications in clinical practice, with particular focus on acute coronary syndromes, percutaneous coronary intervention, and novel antiplatelet agents. © 2011 Nicholaos Kakouros et al. ER  - 
Resistance to antiplatelet drugs in patients with cerebrovascular disorders$$$ This review concerns clinical and laboratory resistance to antiplatelet drugs (aspirin and clopidogrel) in patients with cerebrovascular disorders. Results of certain clinical trials showed that laboratory resistance to antiaggregants is associated with recurrent thromboembolic vascular events. The commonest causes of aspirin resistance are production of arachidonic acid metabolites via the lipoxygenase pathway, poor compliance with the treatment, polymorphism of the genes encoding for cyclooxygenase and glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIa, endothelial dysfunction. The causes of clopidogrel resistance include inadequate doses of the drug, its low absorption, poor compliance with the treatment, polymorphism of ADP receptors, GP IIb/IIIa and cytochrome P450 genes, acute coronary syndrome and stroke, metabolic syndrome. Therapeutic efficacy of antiaggregants can be improved by increasing their doses, using membranotropic agents, correcting endothelial dysfunction, etc. Because the apparent variability of antiplatelet drug resistance is currently due to the use of different testsystems by different authors, the evaluation of individual sensitivity to a given drug showing laboratory resistance and the choice of alternative therapy are thus far possible only in the framework of clinical studies. Large-scale prospective multicenter trials of antiplatelet drug resistance are needed along with research for better understanding mechanisms of individual platelet sensitivity and resistance to antiaggregants and developing efficacious methods for their correction. ER  - 
The influence of CYP2C19 polymorphisms on the pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and clinical effectiveness of P2Y12 inhibitors$$$ P2Y12 antagonists, in combination with aspirin, significantly reduce thrombotic and ischemic events in patients presenting with an acute coronary syndrome and in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. The thienopyridine clopidogrel is a prodrug that requires bioactivation by the cytochrome P450 (CYP) system in order to exert its antiplatelet effect. Common genetic polymorphisms that reduce the catalytic activity of the CYP2C19 isoenzyme decrease circulating levels of active metabolite, reduce levels of platelet inhibition, and increase the risk of ischemic events in clopidogrel-treated patients. Herein, we review the impact of the CYP2C19 genotype on the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of clopidogrel, the association between CYP2C19 genotype and clinical outcome, and present the rationale for the implementation of CYP2C19 genotyping to individualize antiplatelet therapy in clinical practice. © 2011 MedReviews®, LLC. ER  - 
Vorapaxar: A novel protease-activated receptor-1 inhibitor$$$ Introduction: Platelet activation and reactivity are pivotal for both acute and chronic atherothrombotic event occurrences. Areas covered: Only 20% relative risk (∼ 2% absolute risk) reduction associated with newer P2Y12 receptor blocker therapy such as prasugrel and ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel indicates that dual antiplatelet therapy may be associated with a ceiling effect in attenuating platelet-mediated ischemic event occurrence and that residual ischemic event occurrences are mediated by other pathways that are unblocked by current antiplatelet therapy. Therefore, inhibition of the thrombinprotease-activated receptor (PAR)-1 interaction may provide additional benefits in attenuating ischemic event occurrence in selected patients. There are two major PAR-1 blockers are under investigations vorapaxar and atopaxar. In preclinical and Phase I II studies, inhibition of thrombin-mediated platelet activation by a PAR-1 inhibitor, in general, has added to the antithrombotic efficacy of aspirin and clopidogrel without increasing bleeding. However, intracranial hemorrhage in patients with a history of stroke associated with vorapaxar and hepatic toxicity associated with atopaxar are important concerns. Expert opinion: At this time, the specific role of PAR-1 inhibitor in the settings of percutaneous coronary intervention and acute coronary syndrome, both during the acute setting and as a long-term therapeutic agent, is not clear. Although the PAR-1 inhibitors are associated with less bleeding, its effectiveness as an antithrombotic agent and also side effects are major concerns. Future large-scale trials with goals addressing these concerns are needed to define the specific role of PAR-1 receptor inhibitor. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The impact of pharmacogenomics on the management of cardiac disease$$$ Pharmacogenomics promises to help maximize efficacy and minimize adverse drug reactions. It could have a significant impact on the treatment of cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of death in the United States. The past decade has seen pharmacogenomics move from study of a candidate gene to genome-wide approaches, with the development of a series of pharmacogenetic tests. However, many barriers need to be overcome for cardiovascular pharmacogenomics to have its promised clinical impact. © 2011 American Society for clinical Pharmacology and therapeutics. ER  - 
Consensus document: Antithrombotic therapy in patients with atrial fibrillation undergoing coronary stenting: A North-American perspective$$$ The optimal regimen of the anticoagulant and antiplatelet therapies in patients with atrial fibrillation who have had a coronary stent is unclear. It is well recognised that "triple therapy" with aspirin, clopidogrel, and warfarin is associated with an increased risk of bleeding. National guidelines have not made specific recommendations given the lack of adequate data. In choosing the best antithrombotic options for a patient, consideration needs to be given to the risks of stroke, stent thrombosis and major bleeding. This document describes these risks, provides specific recommendations concerning vascular access, stent choice, concomitant use of proton-pump inhibitors and the use and duration of triple therapy following stent placement based upon the risk assessment. © Schattauer 2011. ER  - 
Cost-effectiveness of oral antiplatelet agents-current and future perspectives$$$ Cardiovascular disease is both highly prevalent and exceedingly costly to treat. Several novel antiplatelet agents have been found to be effective in reducing the morbidity and mortality associated with cardiovascular disease. Understanding both the economic and the clinical implications of these novel therapies is particularly important. In this article, the results of published evaluations of the cost-effectiveness of oral antiplatelet strategies for use across a range of clinical conditions and treatment settings are reviewed. The results of these studies support the use of aspirin for primary prevention in high-risk patients and for secondary prevention in all patients with previous cardiovascular events. Although the optimal duration of dual antiplatelet therapy after an event remains uncertain, favorable cost-effectiveness estimates have been demonstrated for aspirin plus clopidogrel versus aspirin alone after a myocardial infarction or percutaneous coronary intervention. Moreover, prasugrel has been shown to be more cost-effective than clopidogrel for patients with an acute coronary syndrome and planned percutaneous coronary intervention. As novel antiplatelet agents emerge and existing agents are tested in different patient populations, the evaluation of the relative economic efficiency of these oral antiplatelet treatment strategies will continue to be instrumental to optimally inform clinical and health-policy decision-making. © 2011 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The evolution of antiplatelet therapy in cardiovascular disease$$$ The platelet-an anucleate cell-is the bedrock of thrombosis, both physiologically and pathologically. Antagonism of the P2Y 12 receptor for ADP is one of several pathways inhibiting the activation and aggregation of platelets, thereby attenuating coronary thrombosis in response to spontaneous plaque rupture or percutaneous revascularization. The addition of clopidogrel to a background of aspirin therapy was a revolutionary change in the management of ischemic coronary syndromes. Despite this paradigm shift, clopidogrel has certain limitations, including variability in platelet inhibitory effect, which is associated with adverse thrombotic events. In the evolution of antiplatelet treatment strategies, two new P2Y 12 receptor antagonists-prasugrel and ticagrelor-have been added to the armamentarium in the past few years. Both of these drugs confer greater platelet inhibition than clopidogrel. Nevertheless, more-potent platelet inhibition comes with an increased risk of hemorrhagic complications. Cangrelor and elinogrel are novel P2Y 12 inhibitors that show potential in the periprocedural setting with their rapid onset and offset of activity. Successes in P2Y 12 inhibitory therapies have reduced use of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors, which block the final pathway leading to platelet aggregation and thrombosis. Newer therapies aimed at various molecular factors are under clinical investigation. Pharmacodynamic platelet function assays and pharmacogenetic testing to individualize and optimize antiplatelet therapy may find their way into clinical use, although much more study is needed. © 2011 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Combined influence of proton-pump inhibitors, calcium-channel blockers and CYP2C19*2 on on-treatment platelet reactivity and on the occurrence of atherothrombotic events after percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Background: The carriage of CYP2C19*2 and the use of proton-pump inhibitors (PPIs) and calcium-channel blockers (CCBs) has been associated with the diminished efficacy of clopidogrel. However, previous studies have only assessed the isolated impact of these risk factors for clopidogrel poor response. Objectives: The aim of the present study was to investigate the impact of the combined presence of three risk factors for clopidogrel poor response, that is, the use of CCBs, PPIs and the carriage of CYP2C19*2, on on-treatment platelet reactivity and the occurrence of atherothrombotic events in 725 patients on dual antiplatelet therapy undergoing elective coronary stenting. Methods: In a prospective, follow-up study, on-treatment platelet reactivity was quantified using ADP-induced light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) and the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay. The clinical study endpoint was the composite of all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis and stroke at 1year after stenting. Results: Patients with either one or more than one risk factor exhibited increased platelet reactivity (mean relative increase one risk factor: 11% and >1 risk factor: 22%, respectively). Sixty-four events occurred during follow-up (8.8% of the study population). Patients with one risk factor for clopidogrel poor response did not have an increased risk of the composite endpoint. However, patients using both CCBs and PPIs and carriers of CYP2C19*2 who used CCBs had a statistically significant increased risk of the composite endpoint [hazard ratio(HR)adj 2.2 95% CI, 1.0-5.3, P=0.044 and HRadj 3.3 95% CI, 1.1-9.8, P=0.032, respectively]. Conclusions: The presence of more than one of the three investigated risk factors for clopidogrel poor response is associated with an increased risk of adverse cardiovascular events within 1year after elective coronary stenting. © 2011 International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis. ER  - 
Inflammation as a marker for the prediction of internal carotid artery restenosis following eversion endarterectomy-evidence from clinical studies$$$ The role of inflammation is well established in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis and an increased level of circulating inflammatory markers may predict the future risk of atherosclerosis progression and plaque rupture. C-reactive protein (CRP) identification by hypersensitive methods (high-sensitivity CRP [hsCRP]) has become a clinical and laboratory inflammation marker. Carotid endarterectomy (CEA) is a well-established procedure for carotid stenosis treatment which can reduce stroke rate. Internal carotid artery (ICA) restenosis reduction may be prevented by the anti-inflammatory effect of statins. This review considers the recent findings on the presence of hsCRP and C3 complement concentration and inflammatory plaque composition as well as their effects on ICA restenosis rate, following eversion CEA with emphasis on human studies. © SAGE Publications 2011. ER  - 
Drug-drug interactions associated with antiplatelet therapy$$$ Antiplatelet therapy is of paramount importance in the treatment and prevention of adverse cardiovascular events and stroke. Drug-drug interactions (DDIs) among antiplatelet therapies have been growing in both prevalence and clinical importance. Most DDIs with antiplatelet therapies are pharmacodynamic in nature. DDIs with thienopyridines and proton pump inhibitors have resulted in advisories from regulatory agencies although the full significance of this interaction is unknown. Other DDIs with thienopyridines may potentially exist with statins, calcium channel blockers, and warfarin but lack demonstratable evidence of harm. Aspirin may interact with a variety of medications, including non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents and angiotensin inhibitors. DDIs requiring some level of intervention may also be present with dipyridamole and cilostazol. Overall, DDIs with antiplatelet drugs are biologically plausible and potentially clinically relevant. However, the full significance of these DDIs is largely unknown due to reliance on research of voluntary reports, registries, and claims databases to determine significance. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers. ER  - 
The influencing factors for clopidogrel-mediated platelet inhibition are assay-dependent$$$ Background: Influencing factors for clopidogrel-mediated platelet inhibition have only been evaluated by one or two different test systems in the same population so far. Since previous studies revealed poor correlations between the various platelet function tests, the identification of influencing variables for clopidogrel response may vary from one test system to the next. We therefore investigated whether the influencing factors for clopidogrel-mediated platelet inhibition depend on the used assay. Patients and methods: Adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-inducible platelet reactivity was assessed by light transmission aggregometry (LTA), the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay, the vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) phosphorylation assay, multiple electrode aggregometry (MEA), and the Impact-R in 288 patients after angioplasty and stenting for cardiovascular disease. By univariate and multivariate regression analyses, we evaluated the impact of age ≥ 75, gender, body mass index (BMI), diabetes, active smoking, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, C-reactive protein, platelet count, creatinine, use of calcium-channel blockers (CCBs), statins, proton pump inhibitors, beta blockers, angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors, and angiotensin receptor blockers on clopidogrel-mediated platelet inhibition in each test system. Results: None of the independent influencing variables was consistent through all test systems. Only by LTA and the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay, age ≥ 75 and the use of CCBs were independently associated with higher on-treatment platelet reactivity. Only by the VASP assay and MEA, on-treatment platelet reactivity increased linearly with BMI. Further, only by MEA, residual ADP-inducible platelet reactivity increased linearly with platelet count, whereas an increase in platelet count was independently associated with a decrease in ADP-inducible platelet activation by the Impact-R. Conclusion: The influencing factors for platelet reactivity during clopidogrel therapy are assay-dependent. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Genotypic and phenotypic assessment of platelet function and response to P2Y12 antagonists$$$ The P2Y12-ADP receptor antagonists are the cornerstone of oral antiplatelet therapy in the secondary prevention of coronary artery disease, especially after acute coronary syndrome or percutaneous coronary intervention. Currently, the therapeutic agents available to block the receptor include clopidogrel and prasugrel; ticagrelor is not available everywhere. Clopidogrel was the gold standard, but recently it has been challenged by prasugrel and ticagrelor. One pitfall of clopidogrel is that in some patients it cannot induce optimal platelet reactivity inhibition in connection with several factors, including some genetic polymorphisms of enzymes participating in its bioabsorption or metabolism. This variability of response can be evaluated by platelet reactivity monitoring. This comprehensive review provides the available data regarding the genotypic and phenotypic interaction with the response to P2Y12-ADP receptor antagonists and discusses the concept of personalized antiplatelet therapy based on a genotypic or phenotypic profile. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Clopidogrel resistance in patients requiring endovascular neurological intervention$$$ Introduction: Clopidogrel resistance, with a reported incidence of 52%, is increasingly important in vascular intervention because it may put patients at risk for perioperative thrombosis. We investigated the incidence of postoperative thrombosis in patients requiring endovascular carotid stent placement. Methods: After IRB approval we retrospectively reviewed the charts of 96 patients requiring endovascular carotid stenting between 2006 and 2010. Each patient was treated with aspirin 325 milligrams (mg) daily and clopidogrel 75mg daily for 5 days before intervention. On the day of the procedure, patients' blood was tested with a VerifyNow-P2Y12 clopidogrel assay (Accumetrics, San Diego, CA) to determine the effectiveness of clopidogrel. Patients were treated with an extra dose of clopidogrel 75mg if they were found to be resistant (defined as <40% platelet inhibition) on the day of their surgery and the procedure commenced. After a number of thrombotic complications, practice changed in 2008 to try to increase the efficacy of clopidogrel in resistant patients. Therefore after August 2008, clopidogrel resistant patients were treated with increasing doses of clopidogrel daily until their assay showed >20% inhibition. In some patients, the assay never reached the 20% threshold, but only after the attempt to increase their percent platelet inhibition was their procedure performed. For purposes of data analysis, clopidogrel resistance is defined as initial percent platelet inhibition of <20%. Results: The main outcome variable was periprocedural thrombosis, which occurred in 7 patients. Statistically, it was insignificant whether the patient was treated before the practice change in 2008 or not. Prior to developing a logistic regression model, univariate analyses revealed that the following factors were associated with the outcome variable periprocedural thrombosis: use of statins (P=0.003), clopidogrel resistance (P=0.004), high diastolic blood pressure (P=0.04), and history of stroke (P=0.09). The logistic regression model (P=0.002) identified the following variables as predictive of periprocedural thrombosis: clopidogrel resistance, lack of statin use, and higher diastolic blood pressure. Conclusion: We show that clopidogrel resistance is associated with periprocedural thrombosis in patients after endovascular carotid intervention. Figure 1 graphically depicts all 96 patients as blue diamonds or pink squares, indicating their initial percent platelet inhibition by clopidogrel. The 7 pink squares depict those patients who experienced periprocedural thrombosis. The vertical line in the middle indicates the time of the practice change in 2008. ER  - 
Treatment of arthrosis: The pharmacologist's point of view$$$ Osteoarthritis (OA) of the knee is a very frequent disorder involving more than 50% of the individuals with more than 65 years. According to the 2010 OARSI recommendations, optimal management of OA requires the combination of non-pharmacological and pharmacological measures. Non-pharmacological measures comprise information and education, loss of weight, exercises and/or physical therapy, walking aids, including appropriate footwear and insole, thermal modalities, transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation and acupuncture. Pharmacological measures include paracetamol, up to 4 g/day for mild to moderate pain, chondroitin sulfate and/or glucosamine, nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs, non-specific (NSAIDs) and COX2 selective, at the lowest effective dose and for the shortest period, topical NSAIDs and capsaicin as adjuntives, and weak and strong opioids. Intraarticular injections of corticosteroids and hyaluronate may be used in patients with moderate to severe pain not responding to oral treatment. The incidence of OA increases with aging, gender (especially in women), overweight, heritability and genetics (the heritable proportion of knee OA is £30% associated with six genes on chromosome 7q220), occupational use, leisure time physical activities, smoking habits, and presence of limb malalignment across the joint. Among these risk factors, aging and overweight are also associated with other pathologies, such as cardiovascular diseases, e.g. hypertension, coronary artery disease, stroke, and congestive heart failure, metabolic diseases, e.g. metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemia, hyperuricemia and gout, and cancer, e.g. of the colon, breast and uterus. Moreover, with aging, renal function may decrease. As a consequence, patients with OA are commonly exposed to many drugs, among which, acidic drugs are frequent. In elderly patients with OA and other diseases, the benefit over risk ratio of the treatment of OA is low because the risks are elevated. Effectively, in these patients, the incidence of drug adverse effects is increased, such as peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and bleeding. The use of NSAIDs will increase the morbidity of gastrointestinal adverse effects ranging from nausea and dyspepsia (50-60% of patients) to endoscopy-documented peptic ulceration (15-30% of individuals), complicated by bleeding or perforation in as many of 1.5% users per year. The association of proton pump inhibitors shall reduce the incidence of NSAIDs-induced PUD but will introduce other risks such as bone fragility, infections and may increase the risk for cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, and stroke [1]. Intake of paracetamol and NSAIDs for more than 22 days/month increase the relative risk of myocardial infarction and stroke by 35% and 44%, respectively [2]. NSAIDs can raise blood pressure, antagonize the effect of antihypertensive drugs, and increase hypertension-related morbidity, e.g. NSAIDs are linked to approximately 20% of hospital admissions for congestive heart failure exacerbation. Renal effects of NSAIDs include hyperkalemia, sodium retention, decreased glomerular filtration rate, acute renal failure, nephrotic syndrome with acute interstitial nephritis, and renal papillary necrosis. However, serious renal adverse effects associated with the use of NSAIDs is estimated to be 1-5% of exposed patients, but it can reach 20% for patients at risk due to co-morbidities [3]. In addition, the risks of treating patients with OA are increased by kinetic and dynamic drug-drug interactions. For instance, being acidic drugs, NSAIDs may affect the kinetics of oral hypoglycemic agents at the level of membrane protein carriers, plasma protein binding, and drug biotransformation by CYP2C9. Paracetamol administered to patients treated with warfarin enhances the INR and may increase the risk of bleeding. Compared with the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding of clopidogrel or warfarin alone (adjusted ratio rates (aRR) of 1.67 and 1.94, respectively), concomitant administration of clopidogrel or warfarin and NSAIDs increases the aRR of gastrointestinal bleeding to 2.93 and 4.60, respectively [4]. In order to optimize the benefit to risk ratio in patients with OA, the treatment needs to be individualized, not only taking into account the pharmacological properties of the drugs to be used, but also the specific conditions of the patients, e.g. age, gender, other pathologies associated and the drugs taken. As a general principle, for patients with OA and other risk factors, it may be wise to start the treatment of OA with measures entailing low risks, such as non-pharmacological approaches, and chondroitin sulfate and glucosamine. The addition of paracetamol and/or NSAIDs will depend upon the severity of the pain and always at the lowest doses possible and for the shortest periods of time. In presence of increased cardiovascular risk, naproxen may be safer than other NSAIDs, but this drug may raise blood pressure. Opiates and intraarticular treatments may be used, when the former steps are insufficient to improve knee function and quality of life. Finally, when all these approaches fail, surgery has to be considered. ER  - 
What is new on the pharmacology of the antithrombotic agents$$$ Most investigations on new antithrombotic drugs are based on the nature of thrombus: fibrin and platelets. Despite thrombolytic therapy maintains its role in clinical practice, antithrombotic strategies involve anticoagulants and antiplatelets. Traditionally, unfractionated heparin has been the most commonly used parenteral anticoagulant, but owing to its variable dose response and narrow therapeutic indices, it is being replaced by low molecular weight heparin, fondaparinux, and bivalrudin. New oral factor Xa inhibitors and the introduction of dabigatran, an oral direct thrombin inhibitor has been changed the scene of the thromboprophylaxis. The antiplatelet field has also expanded by the addition of two new agents, prasugrel and ticagrelor. Dabigatran. Generation of thrombin is a pivotal step in hemostasis. Thrombin not only cleaves fibrinogen into fibrin to form a thrombosis, but it also activates platelets and many procoagulant factors including V, VIII, XI, and XIII. Thus, it represents a potent target for antithrombotic agents. It is a direct thrombin inhibitor that has been tested in phase III trials for stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation, and for venous disease prophylaxis and prevention. It is approved for use in the United States for stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation and many other countries for prevention of venous thrombosis after orthopedic surgery. Rivaroxaban. Stopping hemostasis at this point halts the generation of potent procoagulant thrombin and is another proven method of anticoagulation. Rivaroxaban is the first and the most studied of these agents but many other factor Xa inhibitors are in clinical trials or development. Apixaban. It is the third new anticoagulant to have published phase III trial data. It is also a factor Xa inhibitor. Edoxaban. Is another factor Xa inhibitor in clinical trials. Currently, the 30 and 60 mg daily dose is being compared to warfarin in an atrial fibrillation stroke prevention phase III trial [28, 29]. Betrixaban. This factor Xa inhibitor is currently in phase III clinical trials. If effective, its lack of renal clearance may make it an appropriate agent for many older patients with renal insufficiency. Respect to platelet inhibitory drugs, aspirin, of which the primary antithrombotic mechanism is to inhibit the biosynthesis of thromboxane by inactivation of platelet cyclo-oxygenase-1, affords a 22% risk reduction for nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI). However, aspirin is not very effective alone. Recurrent vascular events in patients taking aspirin have many possible causes and aspirin resistance has emerged as a relevant issue in clinical practice. Thus, there was a need for new antiplatelet agents. The P2Y12 receptor that mediates ADP-induced platelet aggregation has become a favored target for the inhibition of platelet aggregation. Clopidogrel is the most widely used P2Y12 inhibitor. Despite its proven efficacy, safety, and advantages over ticlopidine, clopidogrel has its own drawbacks including limited potency and high interpatient variability in pharmacological response. These limitations have led to the search for alternative P2Y12 inhibitors. Clopidogrel and prasugrel are thienopyridine prodrugs acting on the P2Y12 receptor by almost identical active metabolites which irreversibly bind to the receptor. The thienopyridine prasugrel has a more efficient active metabolite generation than clopidogrel with a rapid onset of action, more pronounced platelet inhibition, and no clinically important variability in response. Ticagrelor, the first reversibly binding oral P2Y12 receptor antagonist, does not require metabolic activation, has a rapid onset of action, and can disassociate from the receptor permitting restoration of platelet function without the need for production of new platelets. In pharmacodynamics studies, ticagrelor has demonstrated greater, more rapid, and more consistent ADP-induced platelet inhibition as compared with clopidogrel and more rapid offset of action following cessation of therapy. Elinogrel, a novel, potent, reversibly binding competitive P2Y12 receptor antagonist, useful both for intravenous and oral administration is currently under evaluation. It has potential advantages over thienopyridines, such as clopidogrel and prasugrel, because it is a direct-acting drug (non-prodrug) with reversible platelet inhibition and competitive P2Y12 receptor binding. In particular, the reversible and competitive nature of P2Y12 receptor binding of elinogrel could provide additional antithrombotic protection beyond that of aspirin alone with the potential for less impact on bleeding. Thrombin might be a good target for platelet inhibition because it is the most potent activator of platelets during the thrombosis process. As a result, a protease-activated receptor 1 (PAR1) inhibitor, a member of a potentially new class of drugs called thrombin receptor antagonists, is under investigation. Pre-clinical and phase II studies suggest that consistent and high levels of PAR1 inhibition may have a beneficial antithrombotic effect with a minimal increase in bleeding. Phase III studies of the selective PAR1 inhibitor vorapaxar are currently underway. Within the next few years, more treatment alternatives might be available to further improve outcomes of the large population of patients with cardiovascular events. The use of these new antiplatelet agents in combination with other new oral anticoagulants should provide important insights about the efficacy and safety of triple therapy in patients. ER  - 
Genetic determinants of on-clopidogrel high platelet reactivity$$$ Clopidogrel has been used (alone or in association with aspirin) to prevent vascular complications in atherothrombotic patients, to prevent stent thrombosis (ST) in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) and as a long-term prevention of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events. Unfortunately, it is important to note that there are a number of patients who, during clopidogrel therapy, show and maintain a high platelet reactivity (PR), similar to that observed before the start of antiplatelet therapy. Clopidogrel pro-drug is absorbed in the intestine and this process is influenced by P-glycoprotein-1 (P-GP). Its conversion into 2-oxo clopidogrel is regulated by cytochromes (CYP) called CYP2C19, CYP2B6 and CYP1A2. Whereas, the final transformation into the active metabolite is regulated by CYP called CYP2C19, CYP2C9, CYP2B6, CYP3A4, CYP3A5 and, as recently emerged, by the glycoprotein paraoxonase-1 (PON1). The genes encoding these enzymes are characterized by several polymorphisms. Some of these are able to modify the activity of proteins, reducing the concentration of active metabolite and the values of on-clopidogrel PR. Only one gene polymorphism (CYP2C19*17) increases the clopidogrel metabolization and so the clopidogrel-induced platelet inhibition. Several studies have clearly associated these gene polymorphisms to both ischemic and bleeding complications in patients receiving dual antiplatelet therapy. The aim of this review is to describe the principal gene polymorphisms influencing on-clopidogrel PR and their relationship with long-term clinical outcome. © 2011 Informa UK Ltd All rights reserved: reproduction in whole or part not permitted. ER  - 
Pharmacogenomics of cardiovascular drugs and adverse effects in pediatrics$$$ Individual response to medication is highly variable. For many drugs, a substantial proportion of patients show suboptimal response at standard doses, whereas others experience adverse drug reactions (ADRs). Pharmacogenomics aims to identify genetic factors underlying this variability in drug response, providing solutions to improve drug efficacy and safety. We review recent advances in pharmacogenomics of cardiovascular drugs and cardiovascular ADRs, including warfarin, clopidogrel, β-blockers, renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system inhibitors, drug-induced long QT syndrome, and anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity. We particularly focus on the applicability of pharmacogenomic findings to pediatric patients in whom developmental changes in body size and organ function may affect drug pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics. Solid evidence supports the importance of gene variants in CYP2C9 and VKORC1 for warfarin dosing and in CYP2C19 for clopidogrel response in adult patients. For the other cardiovascular drugs or cardiovascular ADRs, further studies are needed to replicate or clarify genetic associations before considering uptake of pharmacogenetic testing in clinical practice. With the exception of warfarin and anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity, there is lack of pharmacogenomic studies on cardiovascular drug response or ADRs aimed specifically at children or adolescents. The first pediatric warfarin pharmacogenomic study indeed indicates differences from adults, pointing out the importance and need for pediatric-focused pharmacogenomic studies. © 2011 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Ticagrelor - First reversible inhibitor of ADP receptor P2Y12$$$ Antiplatelet therapy based on the inhibition of the platelet P2Y12 receptor for adenosine diphosphate (ADP) along with the inhibition of thromboxane A2 production by acetylsalicylic acid is among the well-established therapeutic approaches for reducing thrombotic complications in patients at a high risk. The use of the gold standard - clopidogrel - is associated with an approximately 30% rate of resistance to treatment when there is polymorphism in the bioactivating enzymes. This fact has resulted in the introduction of new and more reliable inhibitors of ADP receptors. Ticagrelor is the first of a new generation of non-thienopyridine reversible inhibitors of ADP receptors P2Y12. The inhibition of the receptor is mediated to a greater degree by the parent substance, to a lesser degree by the active metabolite. Following oral administration, ticagrelor resorbs rapidly and stably with a rapid onset of action of 30 to 60 minutes; the elimination half-life ranges from 6 to 13 hours. It is biodegraded by the CYP3A4 isoenzyme and excreted by the liver into bile. The reversibility of the inhibition and an effect confined to 12-24 hours result, on one hand, in greater demands for patient compliance; however, on the other hand, greater safety is achieved in the case of bleeding or when an intervention is required. The efficacy and safety of ticagrelor have been tested in a number of trials; however, the results of the PLATO trial are of decisive importance. This morbidity/mortality trial compared the effect of ticagrelor with that of clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary events (of the STEMI and non-STEMI type). Ticagrelor was given at a loading dose of 180 mg, followed by maintenance doses of 90 mg twice a day; clopidogrel was given at a loading dose of 300 or 600 mg and a maintenance dose of 75 mg once a day. Nearly all the patients (94%) were also treated with acetylsalicylic acid. The duration of treatment was 6 to 12 months. A significant reduction in the combined endpoint (cardiovascular mortality and nonfatal myocardial infarction or stroke) was demonstrated, with a decrease by 16% compared to clopidogrel; the same decrease was noted when cardiovascular mortality was replaced by overall mortality. In patients with stent implantation as part of primary intervention, the rate of thrombotic stent occlusion decreased by 33% with ticagrelor treatment. In terms of safety, there was no increase in bleeding episodes in any of the categories (severe, life-threatening or fatal). When indicated to prevent thrombotic episodes in patients with acute coronary events such as angina pectoris and non-ST segment elevation myocardial infarction (non-STEMI events) or with ST segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI events), ticagrelor has been approved for use, optimally in combination with acetylsalicylic acid, at a dose of 90 mg twice a day. ER  - 
Impact of CYP2C19 variant genotypes on clinical efficacy of antiplatelet treatment with clopidogrel: Systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Objective: To evaluate the accumulated information from genetic association studies investigating the impact of variants of the cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C19 genotype on the clinical efficacy of clopidogrel. Design: Systematic review and meta-analysis with a structured search algorithm and prespecified eligibility criteria for retrieval of relevant studies; dominant genetic model assumptions and quantitative methods for calculating summary effect estimates from study level odds ratios; systematic assessment of bias within and between studies; and grading of the cumulative evidence by consensus criteria. Data sources: Medline, Embase, the Cochrane Library, online databases, contents pages and bibliographies of general medical, cardiovascular, pharmacological, and genetic journals. Eligibility criteria for selecting studies: Original full length reports assessing the cumulative incidence of major adverse cardiovascular events or stent thrombosis over a follow-up period of at least a month in association with carrier status for the loss of function or gain of function CYP2C19 allele in adult patients with coronary artery disease and a clinical presentation of acute coronary syndrome or stable angina pectoris who were taking clopidogrel. Results: 15 studies met the inclusion criteria. The random effects summary odds ratio for stent thrombosis in carriers of at least one CYP2C19 loss of function allele versus non-carriers combining nine studies was 1.77 (95% confidence interval 1.31 to 2.40; P<0.001). This nominally significant odds ratio was subject to considerable bias across the studies (small study effect bias and replication diversity). The adjustment for these quality modifiers tended to abolish the association. The corresponding random effects summary odds ratio of major adverse cardiovascular events for 12 studies combined was 1.11 (0.89 to 1.39; P=0.36). The random effects summary odds ratio of stent thrombosis in carriers versus non-carriers of at least one CYP2C19*17 gain of function allele for three studies combined was 0.99 (0.60 to 1.62; P=0.96), and the corresponding odds ratio of major adverse cardiovascular events in five studies was 0.93 (0.75 to 1.14; P=0.48). The overall quality of epidemiological evidence was graded as low, which excludes reliable clinical assessments. Conclusions: Accumulated information from genetic association studies does not indicate a substantial or consistent influence of CYP2C19 gene polymorphisms on the clinical efficacy of clopidogrel. The current evidence does not support the use of individualised antiplatelet regimens guided by CYP2C19 genotype. ER  - 
Clopidogrel hydrogen sulphate for atrial fibrillation$$$ Introduction: Atrial fibrillation is a common cardiac rhythm abnormality with a considerable cardiovascular disease burden worldwide. It is an independent major risk factor for stroke. Stroke prevention with anticoagulation or antiplatelet agents has been an important area of clinical research. Warfarin is the most widely used antithrombotic therapy for stroke prophylaxis for last several years, and now dabigatran (150 mg b.i.d.) is more effective than warfarin in stroke prevention in individuals at increased of stroke. In addition, several studies have evaluated the efficacy of clopidogrel for stroke prophylaxis either alone or in combination with aspirin. Areas covered: This review summarizes the key findings of the trials looking at the efficacy of clopidogrel in stroke prevention. A literature search was performed using PubMed and Google Scholar. The trials that evaluated the efficacy of clopidogrel in preventing atherothrombotic events or stroke were also included. Expert opinion: Clopidogrel prevents more vascular events, including stroke, in patients with a recent myocardial infarction, stroke or peripheral vascular disease than aspirin. Combination of clopidogrel and aspirin provides a greater reduction of stroke than aspirin or clopidogrel monotherapy, but at an increased risk of bleeding. Dual antiplatelet therapy (clopidogrel and aspirin) is inferior to warfarin in primary stroke prevention for patient with atrial fibrillation and thus should be considered for stroke prophylaxis only in patients ineligible for warfarin. However, with the advent of newer agents, like direct thrombin inhibitors and Factor Xa inhibitors, the role of antiplatelet therapy for stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation remains unclear. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Clopidogrel pharmacogenetics: Metabolism and drug interactions$$$ The thienopyridine, clopidogrel bisulfate (clopidogrel), is the most widely prescribed antiplatelet therapy in the world. Clopidogrel, alone or in conjunction with aspirin as part of a dual antiplatelet therapy regimen, is the standard of care for reducing ischemic events in patients with acute coronary syndrome, recent myocardial infarction, recent stroke, or established peripheral artery disease. Initially approved for use in 1997, the label was updated by both the USA Food and Drug Administration and the European Medicines Agency in 2009 to include information regarding cytochrome P450 (CYP) genotype status and concomitant proton pump inhibitor use. Labeling warns of reduced effectiveness in those with impaired CYP2C19 function and to avoid concomitant clopidogrel use with drugs that are strong or moderate CYP2C19 inhibitors, such as omeprazole. The interpretation of this warning and the implementation in clinical practice is not without controversy. The following review provides a summary of the published evidence regarding CYP2C19 function, both genotype status and drug inhibition from concomitant proton pump inhibitors use, and response to clopidogrel. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin Boston. ER  - 
The rationale and evidence for triple antiplatelet therapy in acute coronary syndromes$$$ The platelet response to endothelial injury is central to the process of atherothrombosis, the pathophysiologic hallmark of acute coronary syndromes (ACS). Multiple antiplatelet agents have been developed to inhibit key components of this platelet activity. The use of two or more antiplatelet agents in patients with ACS reduces ischemic events but increases bleeding risk. Triple antiplatelet therapy utilizing aspirin, P2Y12 antagonists and glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors, remains indicated in select ACS populations. In ST-elevation myocardial infarction, triple antiplatelet therapy may be beneficial in subjects receiving percutaneous coronary intervention without adequate thienopyridine preloading and in those with large thrombus burden. In subjects with non-ST elevation ACS, triple antiplatelet therapy is reserved for those at highest ischemic risk (e.g., elevated troponin or refractory ischemia) and for those with thrombotic complications at the time of percutaneous coronary intervention. The focus of this review is to summarize the rationale and evidence supporting the use of triple antiplatelet therapies in the management of patients with ACS. © 2011 Future Science Ltd. ER  - 
Antithrombotic management for transient ischemic attack and ischemic stroke (other than Atrial Fibrillation)$$$ The new definition and risk stratification for transient ischemic attack (TIA) have clear implications for the urgency of evaluation and treatment. The optimal antithrombotic treatment for TIA is being intensively studied. New guidelines for prevention of noncardioembolic stroke in patients with stroke or TIA recommend the use of antiplatelet agents rather than oral anticoagulation. New antiplatelet drugs are being used in cardiovascular patients, and their role in cerebrovascular patients is being studied. The impact of genetic CYP2C19 polymorphisms is becoming clarified in cardiovascular patients and it is likely these polymorphisms will affect the management of cerebrovascular patients. The results of trials of clopidogrel plus aspirin in patients with lacunar strokes and acute TIAs are forthcoming. The results of CLOSURE I, a study of a patent foramen ovale device closure trial for cryptogenic stroke or TIA, showed no differences in stroke or TIA at 2 years. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2011. ER  - 
The value of combining CYP2C19*2 polymorphism with classic risk factors in prediction of clinical prognosis in acute coronary syndrome patients$$$ Objectives: To assess the impact of different CYP2C19*2 polymorphisms on clinical outcomes and the effects of CYP2C19*2 polymorphism on predicting clinical outcomes in association with classic risk factors in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). Methods: Between July 2008 and September 2009, 497 consecutive patients with ACS who were admitted to the West China Hospital of Sichuan University were enrolled and underwent CYP2C19*2 determination. The clinical outcomes were the composite of cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction and nonfatal stroke. Results: Baseline characteristics were balanced between noncarrier, heterozygous and homozygous groups of the CYP2C19*2 variant. The clinical endpoint occurred more frequently in the homozygous group (HR 4.86, CI 1.62-14.56, p = 0.005). After multivariable analysis, the CYP2C19*2 genetic variant was an independent predictor of cardiovascular events (HR 5.96, CI 1.77-20.03, p = 0.0039) as well as GRACE score and Killip class. The combination of CYP2C19*2 with GRACE score and Killip class increases the potential to predict adverse outcomes. Conclusions: Homozygosity (A/A) for CYP2C19*2 mutant is an independent determinant of prognosis in patients with ACS. The combination of CYP2C19*2 polymorphism with classic risk factors may be a useful tool to predict the risk of cardiovascular events. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
The effect of CYP2C19∗17 on platelet response and clinical outcomes in patients taking clopidogrel: A meta-analysis$$$ Aims: Recently, clopidogrel therapy individually tailored on the basis of pharmacogenetic knowledge has been put into intense focus. While many studies have demonstrated a poor pharmacodynamic response and consequently increased risk in patients with the loss-of-function CYP2C19∗2, the role of another prevalent variant CYP2C19∗17 is still uncertain. Currently available studies reported divergent pharmacogenetic outcomes based on this gain-of-function allele. A metaanalysis was performed in an attempt to provide an unequivocal conclusion about the relationship between the CYP2C19∗2 allele and therapeutic and toxic outcomes. Methods: We performed a meta-analysis on 8 related studies retrieved from MEDLINE, EMBASE and the Cochrane Library up to March, 2011, which evaluated such a polymorphism in 12983 patients with coronary artery diseases. Relevant information was extracted from corresponding articles to calculate OR as the parameter of efficacy. The end points included MACE (death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, stroke or urgent revascularization), bleeding, and mortality as clinical outcomes and possibility to develop HPR (high platelet activity) and bleeding as measures of toxicity. Results: Data from 4 studies enrolling 7146 patients demonstrated a protective role of the CYP2C19∗17 allele, the occurrence of MACE was reduced by nearly 20% (9.8% vs. 12.5 %, OR: 0.76, 95% CI: 0.65 to 0.89, P = 0.0008). With regard to bleeding, CYP2C19∗17 polymorphism was associated with a slight increased risk (7.9% vs. 6.6 %, OR: 1.21, 95% CI: 1.02 to 1.42, P = 0.03, n = 8940, 3 studies). Of the 951 patients from 3 studies, presence of the CYP2C19∗17 allele led to enhanced platelet response to treatment, since prevalence of HPR was lower in the CYP2C19∗17 carrier group (38.2% vs. 52.9 %, OR: 0.56, 95% CI: 0.42 to 0.74, P< 0.0001). However, the impact of the CYP2C19∗17 allele on mortality was not significant. Conclusion: The presence of the CYP2C19∗17 allele was associated with enhanced clopidogrel response, this effect appeared to lower the risk of MACE, but also appeared to increase the risk of bleeding. ER  - 
One-year cost-effectiveness of cytochrome p450 2c19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy in patients with acute coronary syndromes in France$$$ Objectives: Cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) genotype has been shown to affect cardiovascular (CV) outcomes for clopidogrel but not prasugrel. This study evaluates the ost-effectiveness of CYP2C19-guided vs. routine antiplatelet therapy in ACS patients in France. Methods: We constructed a literature-based, decision analytic, Markov model to stimate the annual cost-effectiveness of CYP2C19-guided aspirin plus either clopidogrel or prasugrel therapy vs. no genotyping using the French National Health Insurance erspective. Post-initial ACS CV events were based on the TRITON-TIMI 38 study and genetic substudy. Cost data sources were: Technical Agency for Hospitalization Information eference cost for 2008-10 - nonfatal MI and stroke, CV death, intracranial hemorrhage, other life-threatening bleed, and minor bleed; French National Health Insurance - rugs; Biologie Hors Nomenclature - CYP2C19 genotyping; and US-based reference pricing converted to € using appropriate exchange rates - monthly CV disease aintenance cost. Disease-state utilities were obtained from published sources. The model allowed for clopidogrel/prasugrel discontinuation and aspirin monotherapy. Model ensitivity was assessed using 1-way analysis of parameters varied by quartile or at least ±25%. Results: The base case model demonstrated that CYP2C19 genotype uided antiplatelet therapy yielded lower overall annual cost and greater efficacy vs. no genotyping (Table 1). The model was most sensitive to monthly clopidogrel costs, monthly CV care cost, prasugrel costs, NFMI cost, proportion of patients that are extensive metabolizers, cost of genetic tests, as well as life-threatening bleeding cost. (Table resented) Conclusions: CYP2C19 genotype-guided clopidogrel or prasugrel therapy is cost-effective for up to 1 year in ACS patients in France. ER  - 
The impact of renal function on platelet reactivity and clinical outcome in patients undergoing percuatenous coronary intervention with stenting$$$ Objectives: To determine the influence of an impaired renal function on the magnitude of platelet reactivity and clinical outcome. Background: Patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Previous studies have suggested that patients with renal failure have less therapeutic benefit of antiplatelet therapy. There are, however, few data on the relation between renal function and platelet reactivity. Methods: On-clopidogrel platelet reactivity was determined in 988 patients on dual antiplatelet therapy, undergoing elective coronary stent implantation, using adenosine diphosphate-induced light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) and the VerifyNow®P2Y12-assay. Patients were divided into two groups according to the presence or absence of moderate/severe CKD (glomerular filtration rate<60ml/min). Furthermore, the incidence of the composite of all-cause death, non-fatal acute myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis and ischemic stroke at one-year follow-up was evaluated. Results: Patients with CKD (n=180) had significantly higher platelet reactivity, regardless of the platelet function test used (43.0±14.8% vs. 39.2±14.4%, p=0.002 using LTA and 226±82.2 vs. 207±73.8 PRU, p=0.004 using the VerifyNow®P2Y12-assay. Patients with CKD more frequently had high on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity (HCPR); OR = 2.00; 95%-CI: 1.43-2.83, p=0.0001 using LTA and OR = 1.64; 95%-CI: 1.16-2.30, p=0.005 using the VerifyNow®P2Y12-assay. The event-rate was the highest in patients with both HCPR and CKD (8.4%[16/87] vs. 4.8%[24/504] in those with neither HCPR nor CKD using the VerifyNow®P2Y12-assay). Conclusion: Both the magnitude of platelet reactivity as well as the incidence of HCPR was higher in patients with CKD. CKD-patients with HCPR were at the highest risk of long-term cardiovascular events, suggesting the need for intensified antiplatelet therapy in these high-risk patients. ER  - 
Gene mutations or polymorphisms in association with platelet response to aspirin and/or clopidogrel and long-term clinical outcome following coronary stenting$$$ In pts with aspirin (ASA) and clopidogrel (CL) medication after PCI, low reponse (LR) to ASA and/or CL have been correlated with the risk of stent thrombosis (ST). Moreover, the relationship among some gene mutations or polymorphisms and LR to ASA/CL and risk of ST remained controversial. In this non-randomized and single-center prospective study (134 pts, age 56±9.9),we assessed several gene mutations or polymorphisms in relation to LR to ASA and/or CL and definite ST (dST),stroke and bleeding after primary,urgent or elective BMS or DES placement.Factor V Leiden, factor V H1299R (R2), protrombin G20210A, factor XIII V34L, β fibrinojen -455 G-A,MTHFR C677T, MTHFR A1298C mutations, and human platelet antijen-1 (HPA-1) (GPIIIa L33P), Apo- E, PAI and ACE gene polymorphisms were investigated.Multiplate analyser was used to assess platelet aggregation (PA) response to ASA and CL.All pts received a prePCI CL loading dose of 600 mg.The duration of CL treatment was 9 to 12 months (m) for BMS, and >12 m for DES.The daily dose of CL was 150 mg for first week, and 75 mg thereafter,and daily ASA dose was 100 to 300 mg.Mean FU period was 660±230 days, and visits including ECG, laboratory and PA assessment were performed within first 7 and 30 days, 3, 6, 9 and 12 mos after PCI. Definite (d)ST were noted in 2 (%1.6) pts,and occurred within the first 22 days.TIMI major and minor bleeding events were noted in 2 (1.6%) and 4 (3.2%)pts, respectively.None experienced a documented ischemic stroke. Baseline median PA (AU.min) response to ADP (ADP-PA) and collagen (Col-PA) were 293±247 and 231±211, respectively.Meaures of PA showed no difference compared with baseline values along the FU period (p=NS).The ADP-PA and Col- PA range were subdivided into quintiles, and 495 and 358 AU.min, the borders of upper quintiles were defined as cut-off values for CLLR and ASALR, respectively. The % of dual LR was 8.6.The CLLR related to platelet count (p<0.001) but not with other clinical,laboratory and procedural characteristics (p=NS).Factor V Leiden, factor V H1299R (R2), protrombin G20210A,factor XIII V34L,β fibrinojen- 455 G-A,MTHFR C677T and MTHFRA1298C mutations were not associated with CLLR,ASALR or clinical outcome (p=NS). Moreover, none of the variants of ACE gene, Apo-E and HPA-1 related to CLLR, ASALR as well as dST,stroke or bleeding (p=NS). Conclusions: Factor V Leiden,factor V H1299R (R2), protrombin G20210A,factor XIII V34L,β fibrinojen -455 G-A,MTHFR C677T and MTHFR A1298C mutations, and HPA-1,Apo-E, PAI and ACE gene polymorphisms were not associated with LR to ASA and/or CL and long-term clinical outcome after BMS or DES placement. ER  - 
New P2Y12 inhibitors versus clopidogrel in primary percutaneous coronary intervention for STEMI: A meta-analysis$$$ Purpose: Primary PCI of STEMI is a highly thrombotic situation where fast and potent platelet inhibition is preferred. No single trial has ever shown a long-term cardiovascular mortality benefit with a P2Y12 receptor antagonist in this situation. Methods: We performed a meta-analysis of randomized trials that compared new P2Y12 receptor antagonists with clopidogrel in Primary PCI of STEMI on mortality, ischemic outcomes and bleeding events. Data at longest available follow-up from 4 studies were analysed (TRITON STEMI primary PCI, CHAMPION PCI, PLATO STEMI and ERASE MI). Results: 11934 patients were included; 5925 received new P2Y12 inhibitors (1203 prasugrel, 487 cangrelor, 4201 ticagrelor, and 34 elinogrel) and 6009 received clopidogrel (loading dose ranging from 300 to 600mg). Median time from admission to PCI was 5 hours. 58.50% of patients received UFH, 30.33% LMWH, and 8.91% bivalirudin or fondaparinux. 46.66% were treated by additional antiGpIIbIIIa. All patients received aspirin. New P2Y12 inhibitors significantly reduced MACE from 10.85% to 9.32% (p=0.006), any death from 5.43% to 4.3% (p=0.004), CV death from 4.96% to 4.03% (p=0.02), and stent thrombosis from 3.21% to 2.17% (p<0.001). Strokes were increased from 1.11% to 1.59% (p=0.02). TIMI major (from 7.51% to 7.50%, p=0.63) or TIMI major+minor bleeding (from 4.96% to 5.98%, p=1) were not different between the two groups (Figure 1). (Figure presented) Conclusion: In comparison with clopidogrel, new P2Y12 inhibitors significantly reduce mortality in primary PCI of STEMI with no increase in bleeding. ER  - 
Impact of the cytochrome P450 2C19∗3 polymorphism on platelet reactivity and adverse clinical events in patients with acute myocardial infarction$$$ Background and aim: As compared to Caucasians, East Asians more often carry CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) allele with the CYP2C19∗3 variant. The impact of the CYP2C19∗3 allele on clopidogrel pharmacodynamics and clinical outcomes is unknown. We sought to evaluate the effect of CYP2C19 gene variants in East Asian patients with AMI. Methods: Patientswho survived an AMI (n = 266)were enrolled in a single-center registry. Pre-discharge platelet reactivity was assessed with conventional aggregometry and VerifyNow.; CYP2C19∗2, ∗3, ∗17 and ABCB1 3435C>T variants were determined. The primary clinical endpoint was the composite of cardiovascular death, non-fatal MI, and ischemic stroke. Results: The median exposure to clopidogrel was 21 months (IQR 13-29). CYP2C19∗17 and ABCB1 3435C>T were not related to clopidogrel response or cardiovascular events. Platelet reactivity increased proportionally according to the number of CYP2C19 LOF alleles. In a multivariate analysis, carriage of two CYP2C19 LOF alleles only could predict the risk of HPR (OR 3.9, 95% CI 1.5 to 10.3, P=0.007); platelet reactivity and the rate of HPR did not differ between CYP2C19∗2 vs. ∗3 allele. In addition, CYP2C19 LOF allele carriage was an independent predictor of cardiovascular event occurrence; compared to non-carriers, carriers of one (HR 3.4, 95% CI 0.94 to 12.2, P=0.062) and two CYP2C19 LOF allele(s) (HR 11.4, 95% CI 1.9 to 66.7, P=0.008) were associated with clinical endpoint. The clinical impact of CYP2C19∗2 vs. ∗3 allele was similar. (Figure presented) Conclusions: Among East Asian patients who survived an AMI, CYP2C19 LOF allele carriage is a major determinant of clopidogrel pharmacodynamics and cardiovascular events; the influence of CYP2C19∗2 and ∗3 alleles on clopidogrel response and long-term outcomes is similar. ER  - 
No benefit of new-generation antiplatelet agents on stroke compared to clopidogrel$$$ Purpose: Novel, potent P2Y12 ADP-receptor antagonists effectively may reduce risks for myocardial infarction and stent thrombosis compared to clopidogrel. However, their impact on stroke is unclear. We performed a meta-analysis to test whether new ADP-receptor inhibitors are better than clopidogrel in stroke prevention. Methods: Between 1996 and 2010, PUBMED and CENTRAL databases were searched for randomized, placebo-controlled cardiovascular trials that either compared A) clopidogrel with placebo or B) clopidogrel with a new-generation ADPreceptor antagonist in patients with ischemic heart disease (both acute coronary syndrome and stable angina) with the description of stroke rates during clinical follow-up. The included agents were clopidogrel, prasugrel, ticagrelor or cangrelor. Stroke was defined as a combination of both hemorrhagic and ischemic events. Since only randomized clinical trials were included, the outcome parameters were pooled utilizing the fixed-effect Mantel-Haenszel method. Results: Eleven studies comprising a total of 126,799 patients qualified for the overall analysis. Clopidogrel significantly reduced the occurrence of stroke compared to placebo (OR: 0.82, 95%CI: 0.72 - 0.93, P=0.002). In contrast, never antiplatelet agents had no incremental benefit on stroke compared to clopidogrel (OR: 1.12, 95%CI: 0.92 - 1.37, P=0.27). Importantly, the stroke outcomes exhibited no heterogeneity for clopidogrel vs. placebo: (I2: 0%, Chi2: 2.64, P=0.62); or clopidogrel vs. new antiplatelet agents (I2: 0%, Chi2: 1.18, P=0.95). Conclusion: Clopidogrel is effective in reducing the occurrence of stroke in patients with ischemic heart disease when compared to placebo. Lack of extra stroke prevention benefit for more potent antiplatelet regimens requires careful assessment of future cerebrovascular and bleeding risks. ER  - 
Battle of oral anticoagulants in the field of atrial fibrillation scrutinized from a clinical practice (the real world) perspective$$$ Warfarin has a long history of benefit and has become the gold standard medication for the prevention of ischemic stroke in patients with atrial fibrillation. Nevertheless, it is far from perfect and there is no doubt that new drugs must be found to replace warfarin. The new oral anticoagulants that are on the market or awaiting approval or under research offer some benefits but not enough to replace warfarin until results of additional studies can show an adequate balance between effectiveness/safety and cost/benefit. There are several issues concerning the new oral anticoagulants. It is essential that the effect of any anticoagulant can be measured in plasma. But to date, there is no test to assess the effect or therapeutic range for the new oral anticoagulants. There is no antidote to neutralize the action of the new drugs in cases of bleeding or when acute surgical intervention is necessary. Dabigatran requires dose adjustment in patients with moderate renal impairment and is contraindicated in patients with severe renal failure. Rivaroxaban should be used with caution in patients with severe renal impairment. Apixaban excretion is also partly dependent on renal function, although the impact of renal insufficiency has not yet been determined. How anticoagulant bridging can be done before surgery has not yet been established. In conclusion, although thousands of patients have been treated in phase III studies, additional data are necessary before conclusions can be drawn on the potential for these new anticoagulant drugs to replace warfarin in patients with atrial fibrillation. © 2011 Altman and Vidal; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Platelet function and antiplatelet therapy in cardiovascular disease: Implications of genetic polymorphisms$$$ Platelets play a crucial role in thrombosis, inflammation, immunity and atherogenesis. Antiplatelet agents are widely used in patients with acute coronary syndrome and other cardiovascular disorders. Aspirin and clopidogrel are the most commonly prescribed antiplatelet agents, with a relatively safe profile and efficiency in a variety of clinical conditions. Numerous prospective studies have revealed variability of antiplatelet efficacy. The so called "antiplatelet resistance" prompted a search for mechanisms implicated in poor responsiveness to aspirin and clopidogrel therapy. In this regard, genetic polymorphisms in the platelet receptor genes attracted considerable interest. Specific genetic variants in platelet receptors such as the P2Y<inf>12</inf>, glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIa, GPIa/IIa, GPIb/IX/V and the cytochrome P450 (CYP) family of genes are associated with variable response to antiplatelet therapy and cardiovascular events. Genetic polymorphisms and haplotypes that comprehensively capture the genetic information encoded within the platelet receptor genes can, to some extent, predict response to the antiplatelet drug better than any single genotype. Genotyping for multiple receptor variants in patients on antiplatelet therapy, complemented by standardized quantification of platelet function, can provide useful information for future drug design studies and possibly for personalized antiplatelet therapy and prevention of thrombotic events. Additional information is, however, needed to evaluate the cost-effectiveness of complex genetic and platelet function testing. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Early determination of clopidogrel responsiveness by platelet reactivity index identifies patients at risk for cardiovascular events after myocardial infarction$$$ While acute myocardial infarction (MI) is associated with impaired clopidogrel responsiveness, systematic evaluation is lacking due to the inability of functional aggregation-based assays to analyse clopidogrel responsiveness in the presence of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors. Using the P2Y12-specific, non-aggregation-based platelet-reactivity-index (PRI) we assessed clopidogrel responsiveness in patients with acute MI. Clopidogrel responsiveness was determined 24 hours (h) after loading with 600 mg clopidogrel in 54 patients with acute MI admitted for coronary intervention. A PRI >50% was considered as suboptimal inhibition. Overall response in MI patients was suboptimal with a median PRI of 58%. Diabetes, low high-density lipoprotein and pre-hospital clopidogrel loading were associated with impaired clopidogrel responsiveness. Patients loaded at first medical contact had a significantly weaker platelet inhibition by clopidogrel after 24 h (PRI 63%) compared to those loaded peri-interventionally (PRI 54%, p=0.014). Clini- cal outcome was assessed as a combination of cardiac death, non-fatal MI, stent thrombosis, ischaemic stroke, and urgent target vessel revascularization after 12 months. The pre-selected cut-off of PRI ≤50% yielded a sensitivity of 87% at a specificity of 26%, whereas a PRI ≤57% determined by receiver-operating characteristics (ROC)-analysis yielded a sensitivity of 80% at a specificity of 56% (event rate: PRI ≤57%: 12.0%; PRI >57%: 41.4%, p=0.0136). In conclusion, PRI detects clopidogrel responsiveness in acute MI patients requiring glycoprotein IIb/IIIa antagonism; and impaired clopidogrel responsiveness predisposes to clinical events. Pre-hospital clopidogrel loading was associated with impaired response and more adverse events challenging the concept of earliest oral clopidogrel loading in MI patients. © Schattauer 2011. ER  - 
Historical perspective and future directions in platelet research$$$ Platelets are a remarkable mammalian adaptation that are required for human survival by virtue of their ability to prevent and arrest bleeding. Ironically, however, in the past century, the platelets' hemostatic activity became maladaptive for the increasingly large percentage of individuals who develop age-dependent progressive atherosclerosis. As a result, platelets also make a major contribution to ischemic thrombotic vascular disease, the leading cause of death worldwide. In this brief review, I provide historical descriptions of a highly selected group of topics to provide a framework for understanding our current knowledge and the trends that are likely to continue into the future of platelet research. For convenience, I separate the eras of platelet research into the "Descriptive Period" extending from ~1880-1960 and the "Mechanistic Period" encompassing the past ~50 years since 1960. We currently are reaching yet another inflection point, as there is a major shift from a focus on traditional biochemistry and cell and molecular biology to an era of single molecule biophysics, single cell biology, single cell molecular biology, structural biology, computational simulations, and the high-throughput, data-dense techniques collectively named with the "omics postfix". Given the progress made in understanding, diagnosing, and treating many rare and common platelet disorders during the past 50years, I think it appropriate to consider it a Golden Age of Platelet Research and to recognize all of the investigators who have made important contributions to this remarkable achievement. © 2011 International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis. ER  - 
Rivaroxaban: A novel oral factor xa inhibitor to prevent stroke in nonvalvular atrial fibrillation$$$ Rivaroxaban is an oral, direct factor Xa inhibitor under review by FDA for stroke prevention in patients with atrial fi brillation. Atrial fi brillation is the most common arrhythmia in the United States and conveys a 5-fold increased risk for stroke. Vitamin K antagonists, such as warfarin, remain the recommended antithrombotic treatment in this patient population, but clinical use of warfarin is limited by the need for frequent monitoring, prevalent and signifi cant drug and food interactions, and genetic variability. As a result, alternatives that are more straightforward to manage are needed. It is likely that rivaroxaban will be administered in once-daily dose and will not require routine laboratory monitoring. Drug interactions have been reported but are limited to cytochrome P450 3A4 and P-glycoprotein. The effi cacy and safety of warfarin and rivaroxaban were studied in a phase 3 trial. Preliminary fi ndings established rivaroxaban as noninferior to warfarin. In addition, bleeding outcomes were similar between rivaroxaban and warfarin. (Formulary. 2011;46:257-267.). ER  - 
Current status and prospects of antiplatelet therapy in percutaneous coronary intervention in Japan: Focus on adenosine diphosphate receptor inhibitors$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel is routinely used to prevent thrombotic events in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in Japan. However, these agents have various limitations and some patients will experience further cardiovascular events. The purpose of this article is to review the antiplatelet agents currently used in patients undergoing PCI in Japan, to discuss the issues and limitations associated with these antiplatelet agents, and to characterize new antiplatelet agents currently under investigation in Japan. Particular emphasis is placed on the novel thienopyridine prasugrel, and the potential this drug has for overcoming the issues associated with other antiplatelet agents. © 2011 Japanese College of Cardiology. ER  - 
New P2Y12 inhibitors for the treatment of coronary artery disease$$$ The adenosine diphosphate-P2Y12 interaction plays a critical role in amplifying platelet activation and is central to the genesis of coronary artery thrombosis. Despite the clinical efficacy of clopidogrel and aspirin therapy, post-stenting ischemic event occurrence remains a major concern. The pharmacodynamic effects of clopidogrel are characterized by the presence of high on-treatment platelet reactivity to ADP that is associated with post-stenting ischemic event occurrence. Prasugrel, the third generation thienopyridine, is associated with a rapid onset of action, greater active metabolite generation and greater platelet inhibition compared with clopidogrel. The superior clinical efficacy of prasugrel compared to clopidogrel demonstrated in the TRITON-TIMI 38 trial prompted its recommendation for the treatment of high risk ACS patients undergoing PCI. However, prasugrel is generally not recommended in patients < 60 kg body weight and ≥ 75 years old and is contraindicated in patients with a history of stroke or TIA. In stable coronary artery disease patients, ticagrelor (a new oral, reversibly binding, direct acting P2Y12 inhibitor, therapy), was associated with a more rapid onset of action, a greater level of inhibition, and a more rapid offset of pharmacodynamic action compared with clopidogrel. The demonstration of superior clinical efficacy of ticagrelor compared to clopidogrel in the PLATO trial lead to its recommendation in Europe to treat ACS patients. A significant reduction in mortality was a remarkable observation associated with ticagrelor therapy, but increased occurrence of dyspnea is a limitation. Elinogrel is an oral and parenteral, direct acting, novel P2Y12 receptor blocker associated with a fast onset and offset of action and greater platelet inhibition than clopidogrel. The newly developed P2Y12 receptor blockers offer significant advantages over clopidogrel for the acute and long-term treatment of patients with coronary artery disease. ER  - 
Detection of clopidogrel resistance: Comparison of a new, P2Y12 receptor specific platelet aggregation test and other laboratory methods in patients on clopidogrel monotherapy$$$ Background: Clopidogrel, an irreversible inhibitor of platelet P2Y12 ADP receptor, is widely used to reduce the risk of recurrent ischemic events. Despite its potent antiplatelet effects, clinical studies suggest that 10-30% of patients are resistant to therapy and it is not clear, which laboratory test is most suitable to identify these patients. Most studies include patients on combined clopidogrel and aspirin therapy. However, ADP induced platelet aggregation, which is widely used to test the effect of clopidogrel, is affected by aspirin and is not specific for P2Y12 receptor. Methods: Study population included 110 patients with the history of non-cardiogenic ischemic stroke being on clopidogrel monotherapy and 140 age and sex-matched controls. The effect of clopidogrel was tested by a newly developed P2Y12 receptor specific, modified platelet aggregation test in which prostaglandin E1 treated platelets are used. The test was compared with ADP induced platelet aggregation and secretion, Verify Now P2Y12 assay, flow cytometric analysis of vasodilator stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) phosphorylation. For each method, diagnostic cut-offs were determined according to the guidelines of Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute. Results: The ratio of clopidogrel non-responders varied between 10% and 54% depending on the method used. Approximately 50% of patients were found to be resistant by the traditional ADP aggregation and Verify Now tests. The newly developed method identified 25.9% of patients as non-responders, 32.6% as weak responders and 41.3% as responders. The best correlation was observed between this method and VASP phosphorylation (r = 0.81, P < 0.0001). The effect of aspirin was tested on the new method and no effect was observed. Conclusion: We have developed a new, reliable test for monitoring P2Y12 receptor inhibition by platelet aggregation. Monitoring clopidogrel therapy by adequate methods is essential as a subset of patients are non-responders. ER  - 
LC231306, a novel antiplatelet agent, inhibits arterial thrombosis through selective blockade of platelet P2Y12 receptors$$$ Antiplatelet drugs have been used to prevent aberrant platelet activation in pathophysiologic conditions such as ischemic stroke and acute coronary syndrome. The key role that ADP plays in this process has led to the development of antiplatelet drugs that inhibit its receptor P2Y12. Irreversible P2Y12 receptor antagonists, such as clopidogrel and prasugrel, have limited anti-thrombotic efficacy due to their bleeding risk. We have developed a novel orally active, reversible P2Y12 receptor antagonist, LC231306. The object of this study was to characterize the pharmacological properties of the LC231306, including in vitro and in vivo activity profiles of LC231306. In vitro activity of LC231306 is more potent than the other oral reversible P2Y12 receptor antagonist, Ticagrelor. LC231306 blocks the binding of 2MeSADP to platelets (IC50 = 23 nM. Ticagrelor IC50 = 34 nM). Also, It inhibits ADP-induced platelet aggregation in human platelet rich plasma (IC50 = 48 nM. Ticagrelor IC50 = 390 nM) and whole blood aggregation in human, dog and rat (IC50 = 18, 17 and 250 nM. Ticagrelor IC50 = 110, 130 and 490 nM), respectively. Effects of LC231306 on ex vivo whole blood aggregation and Arterio-Venous shunt model examined after oral administration to rats. Single oral dosing of LC231306 (5, 10, 30 mg/kg) to rats resulted in potent, dose-related inhibition of whole blood aggregation and thrombus formation. Also, single oral administration of LC231306 to dogs (0.1, 1, 5, 10 mg/kg) and multiple oral administration of LC231306 to dogs (1 and 5 mg/kg/day) once a day for 3 days resulted in more potent, dose-dependent and cumulative inhibition of ADP-induced whole blood aggregation than same dose of Ticagrelor. This study describes the pharmacological profiles of LC231306 having a novel orally active, reversible P2Y12 receptor antagonist could represent a new medical entity for platelet inhibition with a more potent efficacy than Ticagrelor. ER  - 
Impact of the cytochrome P450 2C19∗3 polymorphism on platelet reactivity and adverse clinical events in patients with acute myocardial infarction$$$ Background and Aim: As compared to Caucasians, East Asians more often carry CYP2C19 loss-of-function (LOF) allele with the CYP2C19∗3 variant. The impact of the CYP2C19∗3 allele on clopidogrel pharmacodynamics and clinical outcomes is unknown. We sought to evaluate the effect of the CYP2C19 gene variants on clopidogrel pharmacodynamics and long-term prognosis in East Asian patients with AMI. Methods: Patients who survived an AMI (n = 266) were enrolled in a single-center registry. Pre-discharge platelet reactivity was assessed with light transmittance aggregometry and the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay; CYP2C19∗2,∗3,∗17 and ABCB1 3435C>T variants were determined. The primary clinical endpoint was the composite of cardiovascular death, non-fatal MI, and ischemic stroke. Results: The median exposure to clopidogrel was 21 months (IQR 13-29). CYP2C19∗17 and ABCB1 3435C>T were not related to clopidogrel response or cardiovascular events. Platelet reactivity increased proportionally according to the number of CYP2C19 LOF alleles. In a multivariate regression analysis, carriage of two CYP2C19 LOF alleles only could predict the risk of high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR) (OR 3.9, 95% CI 1.5-10.3, P = 0.007); platelet reactivity and the rate of HPR did not differ between CYP2C19∗2 vs.∗3 allele. In addition, the CYP2C19 LOF allele carriage was an independent predictor of cardiovascular event occurrence; compared to non-carriers, carriers of one (HR 3.4, 95% CI 0.94-12.2, P = 0.062) and two CYP2C19 LOF allele(s) (HR 11.4, 95% CI 1.9-66.7, P = 0.008) were associated with clinical endpoint. The clinical impact of CYP2C19∗2 vs.∗3 allele was similar. Conclusions: Among East Asian patients who survived an AMI, CYP2C19 LOF allele carriage is a major determinant of clopidogrel pharmacodynamics and cardiovascular events; the influence of (Graph presented) CYP2C19∗2 and∗3 alleles on clopidogrel response and long-term outcomes is similar. ER  - 
Clopidogrel (Plavix®), a p2y12 receptor antagonist, inhibits osteoblast function in vitro and decreases trabecular bone in vivo$$$ It is evident that extracellular nucleotides, signalling through P2 receptors (P2R), play a significant role in bone, modulating both osteoblast (OB) and osteoclast (OC) function. Clopidogrel (Plavix®) is a selective P2Y12R antagonist and, currently, is the only P2R antagonist available for therapeutic use. It is an antithrombotic, prescribed to reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke, acting via inhibition of platelet aggregation. In this study, we investigated the effects of clopidogrel treatment on (1) OB formation, differentiation and activity in vitro; and, (2) trabecular and cortical bone parameters in vivo. OBs were obtained from rat calvaria and cultured with clopidogrel (1-50μM) for up to 14d. P2Y12R expression was confirmed using qPCR and western blotting. ADP (≤100μM), an agonist at the P2Y12R had no effect on OB differentiation and function. Clopidogrel at 10μM and 25μM inhibited mineralised bone nodule formation by 50% and >85%, respectively. Clopidogrel slowed OB proliferation with dose-dependent decreases in cell number of 25-40% in differentiating OBs (d7). One dose of 10-25μM clopidogrel to mature OB also decreased cell viability by 15%. At 14d, ≥10μM clopidogrel reduced ALP activity by ≤70% and collagen formation by 40%. Total E-NPP activity was unaffected. Activation of P2Y12R receptors by ADP caused decreased intracellular cAMP levels; a single dose of 1-10μM clopidogrel to mature OB increased cAMP levels by 35%. qPCR array analysis of clopidogrel treated osteoblasts (14d) showed no change in ALP or collagen expression, however, levels of FGF1 and FGF3 were increased up to 9-fold. A second P2Y12R antagonist, ARC-66096, exhibited similar effects on osteoblast function in vitro. 20-week old mice (n=10-12) were ovariectomised or sham treated and dosed orally with clopidogrel (1mg/kg) or vehicle (NaCl) daily for 4 weeks. DEXA analysis showed clopidogrel treated animals had decreases of 2% and 4% in whole body and femoral BMD, respectively. Detailed analysis of trabecular and cortical bone using μCT showed decreased trabecular bone volume (BV/TV) in the tibia (24%, p<0.05) and femur (18%, p<0.05) of clopidogrel-treated mice. Trabecular number was reduced 20% (p<0.01), whilst trabecular separation was increased up to 15% (p<0.05). Trabecular thickness and cortical bone parameters were unaffected. Combined, these findings indicate that long-term exposure of bone cells to clopidogrel in vivo could directly impact bone health. ER  - 
Pharmacological secondary prevention of noncardioembolic cerebral infarction/transitory ischemic attack - Presence and future$$$ There is a high risk of ischemic stroke (CVE) recurrence and thus its prevention is important. Prevention is based on a systematic monitoring of primary risk factors and pharmacological prevention with antiplatelet drugs. The single most important risk factor is hypertension; an effective treatment of hypertension significantly reduces the risk of CVE recurrence. The recommended target blood pressure is 130-140/80-85 mmHg. Dyslipidemia and its treatment are also considered as a key measure to reduce the risk of recurrence of ischemic CVE. Diabetes mellitus compensation is an important factor in reducing microvascular and macrovascular complications. Less intensive treatment regimens are being recommended to achieve glycated hemoglobin values between 5.3-6.2%. The antiplatelet agent clopidogrel or a combination of acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) with slow-release dipyridamole are recommended, ASA is an alternative. An intensive development of new molecules, P2Y12 receptor antagonists, continues. These are currently tested in cardiology indications. Recent studies, investigating the effectiveness of new antiplatelet drugs (terutroban, a thrombin receptor antagonist), did not prove higher effectiveness in the secondary prevention of ischemic stroke than ASA. ER  - 
Ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndromes intended for non-invasive management: Substudy from prospective randomised PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial$$$ Objective: To evaluate efficacy and safety outcomes in patients in the PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial who at randomisation were planned for a non-invasive treatment strategy. Design: Pre-specified analysis of pre-randomisation defined subgroup of prospective randomised clinical trial. Setting: 862 centres in 43 countries. Participants: 5216 (28%) of 18 624 patients admitted to hospital for acute coronary syndrome who were specified as planned for non-invasive management. Interventions: Randomised treatment with ticagrelor (n=2601) versus clopidogrel (2615). Main outcome measurements: Primary composite end point of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, and stroke; their individual components; and PLATO defined major bleeding during one year. Results: 2183 (41.9%) patients had coronary angiography during their initial hospital admission, 1065 (20.4%) had percutaneous coronary intervention, and 208 (4.0%) had coronary artery bypass surgery. Cumulatively, 3143 (60.3%) patients had been managed non-invasively by the end of follow-up. The incidence of the primary end point was lower with ticagrelor than with clopidogrel (12.0% (n=295) v 14.3% (346); hazard ratio 0.85, 95% confidence interval 0.73 to 1.00; P=0.04). Overall mortality was also lower (6.1% (147) v 8.2% (195); 0.75, 0.61 to 0.93; P=0.01). The incidence of total major bleeding (11.9% (272) v 10.3% (238); 1.17, 0.98 to 1.39; P=0.08) and non-coronary artery bypass grafting related major bleeding (4.0% (90) v 3.1% (71); 1.30, 0.95 to 1.77; P=0.10) was numerically higher with ticagrelor than with clopidogrel. Conclusions: In patients with acute coronary syndrome initially intended for non-invasive management, the benefits of ticagrelor over clopidogrel were consistent with those from the overall PLATO results, indicating the broad benefits of P2Y12 inhibition with ticagrelor regardless of intended management strategy. Trial registration: Clinical trials NCT00391872. ER  - 
Prospective evaluation of on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity over time in patients treated with percutaneous coronary intervention: Relationship with gene polymorphisms and clinical outcome$$$ Objectives: This study sought to investigate the evolving pattern over time of on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity (PR) and its relationship with genotype and clinical outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention. Background: Whether on-clopidogrel PR and role of genotype differ over time is unknown. Methods: On-clopidogrel PR before percutaneous coronary intervention, and 1 and 6 months thereafter via VerifyNow P2Y12 (Accumetrics Inc., San Diego, California), CYP2C19 (*)2, (*)17, CYP3A5 (*)3, and ABCB1 polymorphisms were evaluated in 300 patients. Death, stroke, myocardial infarction, and bleedings were assessed up to 1 year. Results: On-clopidogrel PR varied significantly over time, being higher at baseline than at 1 and 6 months after. From baseline to 1 month, 83 of 300 patients varied their response status. This was mainly due to baseline poor responders becoming full responders (75 of 83). Genotype justifies roughly 18% of this trend. CYP2C19 (*)2 and (*)17 influence on PR was consistent over time, whereas that of ABCB1 appeared of greater impact at baseline. On-clopidogrel PR at 1 month independently best predicts ischemic and bleeding events. We found a therapeutic window (86 to 238 P2Y12 reactivity units) with a lower incidence of both ischemic and bleeding complications. A risk score was created by combining genotype (ABCB1 and CYP2C19 (*)2), baseline PR, and creatinine clearance to predict 1-month poor responsiveness and 1-year poor prognosis. Conclusions: In patients at steady state for clopidogrel undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention, PR decreases from baseline to 1 month. Genotype influences ≈18% of this trend. On-clopidogrel PR at 1 month is the strongest predictor of adverse outcomes, and this can be predicted by combining genotype to baseline phenotype and clinical variables. © 2011 American College of Cardiology Foundation. ER  - 
Proton pump inhibitors, genetic polymorphisms and response to clopidogrel therapy$$$ Clopidogrel has become part of the mainstay of therapy for acute coronary syndromes and in patients post stenting. Clopidogrel is a pro drug and is metabolised by liver enzymes, particularly CYP2C19, into its active form. A considerable proportion of patients have a poor response to clopidogrel and this may be due to several factors. Genetic polymorphisms involved in clopidogrel's absorption, metabolism and activity at the platelet may interfere with its antiplatelet actions. Further, proton pump inhibitors (PPI) may interfere with clopidogrel's actions by functionally reducing the ability of CYP2C19 to convert clopidogrel to its active metabolite. By attenuating clopidogrel's actions, both polymorphisms and drug interactions may increase the risk of thrombotic events during clopidogrel therapy. This review will explore the current evidence relating to the association between PPIs, genetic polymorphisms and poor response to clopidogrel. Routine genetic testing cannot be recommended for patients receiving dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT). However, it may have a role for patients with an episode of stent thrombosis, prior to planned high-risk stenting or major bleeding. Regarding concomitant clopidogrel and PPI therapy, it is recommended that only patients with previous gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding or multiple risk factors for GI bleeding should be prescribed gastroprotection. This is due to the uncertainty surrounding the clinical significance of this interaction given the discordant biochemical and clinical data, conflicting results from observational studies and the limitations of the COGENT study. Pantoprazole seems least likely to interact with clopidogrel and most suitable for use in patients receiving DAPT. © Schattauer 2011. ER  - 
Is platelet inhibition due to thienopyridines increased in elderly patients, in patients with previous stroke and patients with low body weight as a possible explanation of an increased bleeding risk?$$$ Background The TRITON-TIMI 38 study has identified three subgroups of patients with a higher risk of bleeding during treatment with the thienopyridine prasugrel: patients with a history of stroke or transient ischaemic attack (TIA), patients ≥75 years and patients with a body weight <60 kg. However, the underlying pathobiology leading to this increased bleeding risk remains to be elucidated. The higher bleeding rate may be due to a stronger prasugrelinduced inhibition of platelet aggregation in these subgroups. The aim of the present study was to determine whether on-treatment platelet reactivity is lower in these risk subgroups as compared with other patients in a large cohort on the thienopyridine clopidogrel undergoing elective coronary stenting. Methods A total of 1069 consecutive patients were enrolled. On-clopidogrel platelet reactivity was measured in parallel by light transmittance aggregometry, the Verify- Now® P2Y12 assay and the PFA-100 collagen/ADP cartridge. Results Fourteen patients (1.5%) had a prior history of stroke or TIA, 138 patients (14.5%) were older than 75 years and 30 patients (3.2%) had a body weight <60 kg. Age ≥75 years and a history of stroke were independent predictors of a higher on-treatment platelet reactivity. In contrast, a body weight <60 kg was significantly associated with a lower on-treatment platelet reactivity. Conclusion In two high-risk subgroups for bleeding, patients ≥75 years and patients with previous stroke, onclopidogrel platelet reactivity is increased. In contrast, in patients with a low body weight, on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity is decreased, suggesting that a stronger response to a thienopyridine might only lead to more bleeds in patients with low body weight. © The Author(s) 2011. ER  - 
High on-treatment platelet reactivity to both aspirin and clopidogrel is associated with the highest risk of adverse events following percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Aim: High on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity (HCPR) and high on-aspirin platelet reactivity (HAPR) are associated with atherothrombotic events following coronary stenting. There are, however, few data concerning high on-treatment platelet reactivity to both aspirin and clopidogrel simultaneously. The aim of the present study was to determine the incidence of dual high on-treatment platelet reactivity (DAPR) and its impact on clinical outcome. Methods: On-treatment platelet reactivity was measured in parallel by ADP- and arachidonic acid-induced light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) (n=921) and the point-of-care VerifyNow system (P2Y12 and aspirin) (n=422) in patients on dual antiplatelet therapy undergoing elective stent implantation. HCPR and HAPR were established by receiver-operator characteristic curve analysis. The primary endpoint was a composite of all-cause death, non-fatal acute myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis and ischaemic stroke at 1-year follow-up. Results: The incidence of DAPR varied between 14.7% and 26.9% depending on the platelet function test used. DAPR, assessed by LTA and the VerifyNow system, was highly associated with an adverse clinical outcome. At 1-year follow-up the primary endpoint occurred more frequently in patients with isolated HCPR (11.7%), isolated HAPR (9.6%) or DAPR (10.7%) compared with patients without high on-treatment platelet reactivity (4.2%, all p<0.01) when platelet function was evaluated with LTA. Using the VerifyNow system, patients exhibiting DAPR had the highest risk for the primary endpoint (17.7% vs 4.1% in patients without high on-treatment platelet reactivity, p=0.001). Conclusions: In patients undergoing elective percutaneous coronary intervention, DAPR to aspirin and clopidogrel is present in one in five patients and is associated with a high risk for atherothrombotic events. DAPR measured by the point-of-care VerifyNow system has a higher predictability for atherothrombotic events than LTA. Clinical Trial Registration Information: www.clinicaltrials.gov: NCT00352014. ER  - 
In-vitro assessment of platelet function$$$ Platelets (PLTs), play a key role in hemostasis, clot stability and retraction as well as in vascular repair and anti-microbial host defense. Upon vessel wall damage, PLTs undergo a highly regulated set including adhesion, spreading, aggregation, release reactions as well as exposure of procoagulant surfaces to rapidly form a hemostatic plug that occludes the site of damage. When PLT function is impaired, the bleeding risk increases, but (hyperreactive) PLTs are also involved in many pathophysiological events like thrombosis, vessel constriction, atherogenesis, tumor growth and metastasis, inflammation including atherosclerosis and the subsequent formation of arterial thrombi resulting in stroke and myocardial infarction.While hereditary PLT function disorders are very rare, acquired PLT function abnormalities occur in the course of many diseases and can be associated with many drugs, i.e., non-steroidal anti-inflammatorics, antibiotics or heparin. Therefore, apart from disease diagnosis, severity, and prognosis, assessment of PLT function also serves for identifying the efficacy of anti-PLT therapy and PLT hyperfunction as a possible predictor for thromboembolic events. Since PLTs undergo a lot of measurable changes during storage ex-vivo, one effort of transfusion medicine is the quality monitoring of PLT concentrates (PCs), but also the detection of donors with PLT dysfunction and the determination of patients in which PLT transfusions are effective.The majority of PLT tests focus only on PLT functions involved directly in hemostasis including adhesion/aggregation, coagulation, and clot retraction. Traditional tests, almost complex, time-consuming, and poorly specified, are meanwhile enriched by more user friendly and easy-to-use point-of-care tests on fully automated instruments within whole blood without the requirement of sample processing. These tests help identifying surgical patients at increased risk of post-operative bleeding or with resistance to anti-PLT therapy, therefore at increased risk of thromboembolism. However, up to now, no study shows real outcome benefits by including these tests into the disease management. To date, no function test is suitable to address all distinct steps of PLT activation or reliably predict PLT behavior in vivo following transfusion. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
The novel platelet inhibitors and their clinical significance$$$ The antiplatelet drugs play a crucial role in the management of thrombotic and cardiovascular disorders and are widely used globally. These drugs are useful in acute coronary syndromes, cerebrolvascular diseases such as stroke and peripheral arterial diseases. Aspirin exhibits polypharmacologic actions and has multiple targets besides modulating platelets. The novel antiplatelet drugs represent a variety of synthetic and biologic agents which include COX-1 and COX-2 inhibitors, Phosphodiesterase inhibitors, ADP receptor inhibitors, GPIIb/IIIa inhibitors, serotonin receptor inhibitors, PAR-I receptor inhibitors, Thromboxane receptor inhibitors and Omega III fatty acids. Thus, these drugs target specific sites on platelets to modulate their function. Aspirin is the oldest antiplatelet drug and targets COX-1 and COX-2 enzymes and many additional sites for its action are continually identified. Beside antiplatelet effects, this drug exhibits several other pharmacologic actions including analgesic, antiinflammatory and immunomodulatory actions. Aspirin resistance due to genomic variations in COX-1 and COX-2 have been noted in various populations. Ticlopidne was the first clinically used ADP receptor inhibitor which was followed by Clopidogrel. These two drugs have been initially used in ischemic disorders. After the landmark CAPRI trial, Clopidogrel is one of the most widely used cardiovascular drug. It has been widely tested in multiple clinical trials such as the CURE, CREDO, COMMIT, CHARISMA and many other trials for the cardiovascular indications. More recently, genomic variations have been noted in the clinical responses to Clopidogrel. Regardless of these issues Clopidogrel remains to be an important drug in cardiology. More recently newer ADP receptor inhibitors such as Prasugrel, Ticagrelor and Cangrelor have been clinically developed. Both the Prasugrel and Clopidogrel require endogenous activation whereas the Ticagrelor and Cangrelor do not require endogenous transformation. Thrombin receptor inhibitor targeting has also been used in the development of antiplatelet agents, however, safety issues have delayed the development of these agents. A recent example of this is the premature termination of vorapaxar, a PAR-I receptor inhibitor. The pharmacologic profiles of these drugs markedly differ in terms of pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and population responses. Moreover the mechanisms of their actions and genetic variation in metabolism impact on both the safety and efficacy. This presentation will provide an update on the current developments in antiplatelet therapy and their impact on the management of cardiovascular disorders. ER  - 
Ticagrelor: A review of its use in the management of acute coronary syndromes$$$ Ticagrelor (Brilique™; Brilinta™), a cyclopentyl-triazolo- pyrimidine antiplatelet agent, is the first oral antagonist of the P2Y12 receptor to offer reversible receptor binding. It is indicated in the EU for the prevention of atherothrombotic events in adults with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) unstable angina pectoris, ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction STEMI or non-STEMI), including those managed medically or with percutaneous coronary intervention or coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). Ticagrelor provides selective and reversible inhibition of adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet aggregation, with a faster onset and offset of action than that of clopidogrel, and is effective in the treatment of patients with ACS, with or without ST-segment elevation. In the large, randomized, double-blind, multicentre PLATO trial conducted in this patient population, ticagrelor was more effective than clopidogrel in terms of preventing ischaemic events over 12 months, providing a significantly lower risk of the primary composite endpoint of myocardial infarction, stroke or death from vascular causes, and was associated with an overall mortality benefit. The risk of major bleeding with ticagrelor, including bleeds related to CABG, did not differ from that seen with clopidogrel in this study, although ticagrelor was associated with more non-CABG-related major bleeds and fatal intracranial bleeding, albeit the latter bleeding events were rare. Further long-term and comparative efficacy and tolerability data are required to definitively position ticagrelor with respect to other antiplatelet agents, including prasugrel. However, the clinical data currently available indicate that ticagrelor is a promising option for the treatment of patients with ACS and may be of particular use in those at high risk of ischaemic events or unresponsive to clopidogrel. © 2011 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clopidogrel resistance and the effect of combination cilostazol in patients with ischemic stroke or carotid artery stenting using the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay$$$ Objective The inhibitory response to clopidogrel considerably varies among individuals and clopidogrel resistance is a risk factor for thrombotic events in patients with cardiovascular disease. Based on the platelet aggregation evaluated by the VerifyNow P2Y12 Assay, the present study investigated clopidogrel resistance and the effect of cilostazol addition. Methods We measured the ability of 20 μM ADP to aggregate platelets using the VerifyNow P2Y12 Assay. Clopidogrel resistance was defined as % inhibition of <20% in this assay. Patients We examined 77 patients (53 men and 24 women, aged 65.8±9.9 years) with ischemic stroke or carotid artery stenting who received clopidogrel (75 mg) for >7 days at our hospital between October 2009 and March 2010. For 62 patients (42 men and 20 women, aged 65.3±9.9 years) 75 mg clopidogrel alone was administered (clopidogrel only group); the other 15 patients (11 men and 4 women, aged 67.9±9.9 years) received 75 mg of clopidogrel plus 100 or 200 mg of cilostazol (cilostazol combination group). Results Clopidogrel resistance was identified in 18 (29%) of the 62 patients in the clopidogrel only group. The percent inhibition was significantly higher in the cilostazol combination group than in the clopidogrel only group (41.7±28.0% vs. 64.9±22.7%, p=0.005). None of the patients in the cilostazol combination group had % inhibition of <20%. Conclusion Clopidogrel resistance developed in 29% of patients given clopidogrel alone. The addition of cilostazol to clopidogrel may have intensified platelet inhibition. © 2011 The Japanese Society of Internal Medicine. ER  - 
Advances in cardiology: Clinical trial update$$$ Multiple key cardiology trials have been presented or published over recent months, several with the potential to change clinical practice. In this article, we summarize and place in clinical context new trial findings regarding anticoagulation in the cardiac catheterization laboratory (enoxaparin, fondaparinux and unfractionated heparin), the implications of genetic polymorphisms and functional testing for antiplatelet therapy (clopidogrel and ticagrelor), new oral anticoagulants for use in atrial fibrillation (apixiban and rivaroxaban), optimal pacing strategies and pharmacological agents in heart failure (ivabradine, eplerenone, cardiac resynchronization therapy, telemonitoring and intracoronary bone marrow stem cell infusion). Clinical trials in percutaneous structural intervention (transcatheter aortic valve implantation, MONARC™ mitral annular implant, STARFlex® patent foramen ovale device) and advanced percutaneous coronary intervention (everolimus-eluting stents, biodegradable polymer/polymer-free technologies and contemporary use of intravascular ultrasound) are also discussed. © 2011 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
The use of antiplatelet therapy in the outpatient setting: Canadian cardiovascular society guidelines$$$ Antiplatelet agents are a cornerstone of therapy for patients with atherosclerotic vascular disease. There is presently a lack of comprehensive guidelines focusing on the use of antiplatelet drugs in patients currently manifesting or at elevated risk of cardiovascular disease. The Canadian Antiplatelet Therapy Guidelines Committee reviewed existing disease-based guidelines and subsequently published literature and used expert opinion and review to develop guidelines on the use of antiplatelet therapy in the outpatient setting. This full document has been summarized in an Executive Summary published in the Canadian Journal of Cardiology and may be found at http://www.ccs.ca/. Antiplatelet therapy appears to be generally underused, perhaps in part because of a lack of clear, evidence-based guidance. Here, we provide specific guidelines for secondary prevention in patients discharged from hospital following acute coronary syndromes, post-percutaneous coronary intervention, post-coronary artery bypass grafting, patients with a history of transient cerebral ischemic events or strokes, and patients with peripheral arterial disease. Issues related to primary prevention are also addressed, in addition to special clinical contexts such as diabetes, heart failure, chronic kidney disease, pregnancy/lactation, and perioperative management. Recommendations are provided regarding pharmacologic interactions that may occur during combination therapy with warfarin, clopidogrel and proton-pump inhibitors, or acetylsalicylic acid and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, as well as for the management of bleeding complications. © 2011 Canadian Cardiovascular Society. ER  - 
Effects of antiulcer drugs on gastric bleeding induced by co-administration of low dose aspirin and clopidogrel in rats$$$ Background/Aim: Although antithrombotic therapy plays a central role in the treatment of apoplexy, cardiac disorders and peripheral arterial diseases, recent studies suggest that the risk of upper gastrointestinal bleeding is increased by the concomitant use of anti-platelet drugs with the low dose aspirin. In the present study, we set up a screening model of gastric bleeding in rats using the lose dose aspirin and an anti-platelet drug clopidogrel, a P2Y12 receptor antagonist, and investigated the prophylactic effect of antiulcer drugs on gastric bleeding and lesion formation under such conditions. Methods: Male SD rats were used after 18 h fasting. Under urethane anesthesia, two catheters were inserted into the stomach, one from an incision in the esophagus and another through the pylorus via an incision in the duodenum. Then, the stomach was superfued with saline at a rate of 0.4 ml/min using an infusion pump, and the perfusate was collected every 5 min. After an equilibration period with saline perfusion for 60 min, the stomach was perfused with acidified aspirin (5-25 mM in 50 mM HCl) for another 60 min. Gastric bleeding was evaluated as the hemoglobin concentration in the perfusate. Clopidogrel (10-100 mg/kg, PO) was given 24 h before the perfusion. Several agents, including omeprazole (30 mg/kg), cimetidine (100 mg/kg), irsogradine (1-10 mg/kg), rebamipide (30 mg/kg), teprenone (300 mg/kg), egualene (30 mg/kg) or PGE2 (1 mg/kg) was given ID or IV, respectively, 80 min before the onset of aspirin perfusion, while was given 5 min before the aspirin perfusion. Results: Perfusion of the stomach with aspirin dose-dependently provoked gastric bleeding with a significant increase of hemoglobin content in the perfusate. Pretreatment with clopidogrel, although provoking by itself neither bleeding nor damage even at 100 mg/kg, dose-dependently increased the severity of gastric damage and bleeding caused by acidified aspirin. Irsogradine dose-dependently reduced the gastric bleeding caused by the acidified aspirin plus clopidogrel. Likewise, pretreatment with teprenone, rebamipide, egualene or PGE2 also significantly reduced the severity of gastric damage as well as bleeding in response to clopidogrel plus aspirin, while the antisecretory drugs had no effect. Conclusion: These results suggest that clopidogrel, the anti-platelet drug, increases the gastric bleeding induced by low dose aspirin. Mucosal protective drugs are useful for preventing gastric bleeding caused by aspirin plus clopidogrel. This model may be useful for screening of the protective drugs against gastric bleeding. ER  - 
Ethnic discrepancies and clinical outcomes in patients on platelet inhibition following percutaneous coronary intervention: The role of CYP2C19$$$ Background: Recent studies have shown that the presence of genetic polymorphisms of CYP2C19 are responsible for decreased enzymatic activation of clopidogrel to its active metabolite, thereby reducing platelet inhibitory effect of clopidogrel. The CYP2C19∗2 allele, present in approximately 50% of Asians and 25% of Caucasians, is associated with decreased clopidogrel metabolism and platelet inhibition. It is not clear whether this decreased platelet inhibition increases major adverse cardiac events (MACE) in patients after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with stent placement that are prescribed clopidogrel. We investigated outcomes after PCI in Asians and Caucasians patient populations to determine whether MACE rates were different in these ethnic groups. Their PCI outcome analysis was thought to either support or dispute the clinical impact of CYP2C19∗2 allele heterogeneity. Methods: This is a retrospective cohort analysis of clinical outcomes from a single center cardiac catheterization laboratory with reference to the New York State Coronary PCI database. Data of 30-day rates of mortality, stent thrombosis, myocardial infarction, stroke, and target vessel revascularization (MACE) were collected and reviewed among the Asian and Caucasian patients who underwent PCI. The analysis included 3,529 patients (1266 Asian and 2263 Caucasian) who underwent PCI at our institution between 8/1/2005 and 5/28/2010. All patients received clopidogrel following coronary stent placement. Results: Caucasian patients had a significantly higher rate of MACE with 41 events (1.81%) compared to Asians with 10 events (0.28%) (P=0.0147). Backwards selection logistic regression analysis demonstrated that older age (P=0.0024) and Caucasian race (P=0.046) were significant independent predictors of MACE within 30 days following PCI and stent placement. Conclusions: Asian ethnicity was associated with lower 30 day MACE rates than anticipated following coronary stent placement. This analysis does not support the hypothesis that the increased prevalence of the CYP2C19∗2 allele in Asians may lead to higher MACE due to decreased clopidogrel metabolism and platelet inhibition. ER  - 
Detection of clopidogrel resistance in ischemic stroke patients-comparison of laboratory methods$$$ Background: Clopidogrel, an irreversible inhibitor of platelet P2Y12 ADP receptor, is widely used as monotherapy or in combination with aspirin to reduce the risk of recurrent ischemic stroke. Although clopidogrel has potent antiplatelet effect, clinical studies suggest that approximately 10-30% of patients are resistant to the therapy. Although the identification of patients resistant to clopidogrel is of primary importance, comparison of Methods used for testing clopidogrel resistance in ischemic stroke patients has not been carried out. Methods: The study population included 110 patients with non-cardiogenic ischemic cerebrovascular disease on clopidogrel monotherapy and 120 age and sex-matched controls. The effect of clopidogrel was tested by ADP induced platelet aggregation and secretion, VerifyNow P2Y12 assay, flow cytometric analysis of vasodilator stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) phosphorylation and a newly developed P2Y12 receptor specific, modified platelet aggregation test. For each method, diagnostic cut-offs were determined according to the guidelines of Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute. Results: The ratio of clopidogrel non-responders varied between 10-54% depending on the method used. Approximately 50% of patients were found to be resistant by the traditional ADP aggregation and the VerifyNow tests. The newly developed method identified 25.9% of patients as non-responders, 32.6% as weak responders and 41.3% as strong responders. The best correlation was observed between this method and VASP phosphorylation (r=0.81, p<0.0001). No correlation was found between clopidogrel non-responsiveness and the use of statins or proton pump inhibitors. Conclusion: We have developed a new, reliable test for monitoring P2Y12 receptor inhibition by platelet aggregation. Monitoring clopidogrel response by adequate Methods is essential as a subset of patients are unprotected by clopidogrel monotherapy. ER  - 
Testing for anti-platelet drug resistance - When and how to do it and how to report it$$$ Antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel (Plavix®) decreases the incidence of secondary myocardial infarction, stroke, peripheral artery disease and cardiovascular death in vascular patients. Aspirin inhibits platelet function by acetylating cytoplasmic cyclooxygenase and clopidogrel (Plavix®) blocks the membrane adenosine diphosphate (ADP) receptor P2Y12. While they are effective as a class of therapy, many patients continue to experience adverse events despite therapy with these agents. Aspirin inhibits platelet aggregation to the agonist arachidonic acid and clopidogrel inhibits aggregation to ADP. Many patients have been described with a suboptimal response to these drugs, with demonstration of residual platelet reactivity (RPR), sometimes call drug “resistance”. There have been many laboratory techniques devised to measure the effect of antiplatelet drugs, including light transmittance aggregometry, whole blood impedance aggregometry, PFA-100, Accumetrics VerifyNow, urine-based 11-dehydro thromboxane B2, and VASP phosphorylation. However, a “gold standard” does not exist and there is little standardization of functional testing for RPR. Meta-analyses have demonstrated suboptimal response to aspirin in 27.1% (95% CI 21.5-32.6) of patients, with a suboptimal response to clopidogrel in 22% (95% CI 15-29) of cases. However, there is little agreement among the laboratory tests, with only 2% of subjects identified as suboptimal response by all. Suboptimal response is more than a laboratory phenomenon, as meta-analyses have correlated aspirin RPR in vascular disease patients to increased risk of stroke, acute myocardial infarction, and cardiovascular death (OR 3.78; 95% CI 2.34-6.11), and others have documented adverse vascular events in clopidogrel RPR (OR 8.00; 95% CI 3.36-19.06. Indeed, RPR has been consistently linked to adverse outcomes using various platforms despite poor inter-platform agreement. A number of genetic studies have identified potential causes for antiplatelet resistance, including membrane receptor P2Y12 polymorphisms and cytochrome P450 polymorphisms CYP2C19, CYP3A4, CYP3A5, CYP1A2 and CYP2B6. The best documented genomic association for clopidogrel is CYP2C19 ∗2, which leads to poor clopidogrel metabolism to the active form and has been shown to be associated with RPR, major adverse cardiovascular events and stent thrombosis. An additional CYP2C19 polymorphism (∗17) is associated with an increased response to clopidogrel and bleeding risk. Several platforms are now available to perform CYP2C19 genotyping in the laboratory. Testing strategies for clopidgrel have included both functional and genomic assays. A genomic profile may identify some proportion of risk, but this may change over time with the clinical scenario and other drug therapy, so platelet function testing is likely to provide more complete therapeutic information. At present, there is little evidence to guide therapy in patients with RPR. The recently completed GRAVITAS trial of 5429 patients undergoing PCI showed no benefit of doubling the dose in clopidogrel non-responders. Current efforts are directed towards the possibilities of dual antiplatelet drug therapy; alternative P2Y12 antagonists, such as prasugrel and ticagrelor; or the addition of current antithrombotic drugs such as dipyridamole of cilostazole. Small randomized studies studies support the benefit of tailored therapy, but will have to be confirmed in large clinical trials. Answers and recommendations for an appropriate testing and therapeutic regimen are anticipated upon completion of these clinical trials. ER  - 
Validation of infiniti microarray system for pharmacogenetic testing of CYP2C19 for clopidogrel therapy$$$ Objectives: Clopidogrel is an antithrombotic drug prescribed to treat acute coronary syndromes, myocardial infarction, stroke and peripheral arterial disease. Clopidogrel administered as a pro-drug is largely (∼85%) hydrolyzed by esterases into inactive metabolites, and only about ∼15% is first converted into active metabolite by hepatic Cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes, primarily by CYP2C19. The active metabolite is an antagonist to platelet ADP receptor P2RY12 involved in thrombosis. Formation of active metabolite and hence, therapeutic response to clopidogrel is reportedly associated with the variants of CYP2C19 gene. In fact, a wide variability to clopidogrel therapy exists, and up to 30% of patients do not benefit from the therapy. Variants CYP2C19∗2 and CYP2C19∗3 have been associated with non-responsiveness to clopidogrel, while CYP2C19∗17 is associated with increased response to clopidogrel and risk for bleeding. Accordingly, CYP2C19 genotyping of patients for common variants ∗2, ∗3 and ∗17 can help in predicting the metabolic status to determine the appropriate therapy including tailored dosage of clopidogrel. Methods: Genomic DNA isolated from 54 specimens from research studies that were previously genotyped for CYP2C19∗2, ∗3, ∗4 and ∗17 by a custom-made Illumina 50 K SNP array and TaqMan methods, and 15 DNAs of known CYP2C19 genotypes from Coriell Institute were analytically validated by genotyping with a commercial platform INFINITI from AutoGenomics, Inc. The INFINITI employs an array-based assay (CYP2C19+) capable of genotyping 9 different genetic variants of CYP2C19 including ∗2-∗4, ∗6-∗10 and ∗17 simultaneously. For analytical validation, we have determined accuracy, method comparison, intra- and inter-assay precision, sensitivity and specificity of the CYP2C19 + assay. Results: Accuracy of the CYP2C19+ assay, determined by comparing the consistency in genotyping calls between the known and observed results, was in total agreement for all four variants of research specimens (n=54) and the known variants of Coriell DNAs (n=15). A subset of specimens (n=26) genotyped in an external reference laboratory using the same INFINITI platform for CYP2C19+ assay yielded concordant results. Three specimens representing extensive (EM), intermediate (IM) and poor (PM) metabolizers genotyped in six replicates within the same run (intra-assay) and in duplicates over five days (interassay) yielded reproducible results without any discrepancy. Sensitivity of the CYP2C19+ assay determined in duplicates using one each of EM, IM and PM demonstrated that accurate genotype calls could be generated with DNA amount ranging from 3 ng (1/16thx) to 100 ng (2x) per reaction compared to the recommended level of 50 ng DNA per reaction (1x). The assay was specific as there was no false positive or false negative, the template-free control remained negative and the hybridization and background controls met the assay criteria. Conclusions: Pharmacogenetic testing of CYP2C19 using the INFINITY platform from AutoGenomics has been analytically validated with satisfactory results. Performance evaluation for accuracy, precision, sensitivity and specificity has shown that CYP2C19+ assay is reliable and can be easily adapted to genotype patients to predict their response to clopidogrel therapy. Although this assay can genotype nine different variants encompassing multiethnic groups, clinical utility of many of the ethnocentric variants are yet to be established. ER  - 
A decision modeling approach to evaluate the cost-effectiveness of prasugrel versus clopidogrel in patients with planned percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the cost-effectiveness of prasugrel versus clopidogrel, in combination with aspirin, in patients undergoing planned percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) from the healthcare provider's perspective in the United States. METHODS: Second-order Monte Carlo simulation was conducted using TreeAge Pro (2009) following the ISPOR task force guidelines for modeling. Model branches included PCI type (bare metal stent and drug eluting stent), CYP2C19 polymorphisms, and clinical outcomes. Model inputs such as costs (2009 dollar value), age-adjusted quality of life, and probabilities were identified through systematic literature review. All future costs and QALYs were discounted by 5%. Life expectancy was estimated using declining exponential approximation of life expectancy (DEALE) method. Acceptability curve was plotted to determine the most cost-effective strategy at various willingness-to-pay (WTP) thresholds ($0-$250,000/QALY). One-way sensitivity analyses were performed to determine if the model was sensitive to variation in probabilities, costs and disutilities associated with myocardial infarction (MI), stroke and major bleeding. RESULTS: Clopidogrel therapy resulted in lifetime costs and utilities of $17,208 and 10.4124 QALYs compared with $16,780 and 10.4057 QALYs for prasugrel therapy. The ICER for clopidogrel was $63,840/ QALYs. Theacceptabilitycurveshowedthatprasugrelwasnotlikelycost-effective with >80% certainty at any WTP threshold. One-way sensitivity analyses (WTP decision threshold: $100,000/QALY) showed that prasugrel is the most cost-effective strategywhen probabilityofMI is increased by>12%, probabilityofbleedingis decreased by >24%, and disutility associated with MI is >0.1634. When only patients with variant CYP2C19 were considered, the ICER was found to be $2,313,333/ QALY for clopidogrel. CONCLUSIONS: Inconclusive results indicate that there is no benefit in prescribing one therapy over the other for the entire patient population. CYP2C19 polymorphismshouldbegivenconsiderationduringthedecisionmaking process. Forthebase-casescenario, prasugreltherapywasthepreferredstrategyin patients with variant CYP2C19. ER  - 
Early stent thrombosis after percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ LEARNING OBJECTIVES: 1. Recognize stent thrombosis as an early complication of percutaneous coronary intervention and assess its causes. 2. Management of a patient with early stent thrombosis. CASE INFORMATION: A 58 year old woman, with a history of hypertension, cerebrovascular accident, and extensive tobacco use, presented to the emergency department with an ST-elevation myocardial infarction. The patient rapidly decompensated due to a ventricular fibrillation arrest requiring defibrillation, intubation, and percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Coronary angiography revealed a total occlusion of the right coronary artery with severe three vessel disease. Angioplasty was performed and a bare metal stent (BMS) was deployed in the right coronary artery. Abciximab, clopidogrel, aspirin, metoprolol, simvastatin, and captopril were initiated peri-procedure. The patient was admitted to the coronary care unit and extubated successfully. On hospital day six the patient developed acute shortness of breath, followed by a cardiac arrest requiring advanced cardiac life support and intra-aortic balloon pump placement for hemodynamic support. Electrocardiogram revealed ST-elevations similar to admission. Immediate coronary catheterization demonstrated stent thrombosis, requiring thrombectomy. Clopidogrel was switched to prasugrel and the patient underwent emergent coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. The patient made a successful recovery. IMPLICATIONS/DISCUSSION: Stent thrombosis (ST) is a rare but potentially catastrophic complication of coronary artery stenting that almost always presents with a large myocardial infarction or death. The overall incidence is only two percent of stent placements and oftentimes diagnosis is only made post-mortem. The definition of ST by the Academic Research Consortiumincorporates timing and diagnostic certainty. Timing is categorized as acute (within 24 hours), sub-acute (within 30 days), late (after one year) or very late (more than one year). The majority of ST occurs within 30 days of deployment, with approximately 80 percent of BMS thrombosis occurring in the first 48 hours. The pathophysiology of ST is multifactorial and includes stent factors, patient factors, lesion characteristics, and procedural factors. The singlemost predictive factor for STis the absence or premature discontinuation of anti-platelet therapy, particularly clopidogrel, at the time of event. Given the multifactorial etiology, despite appropriate dual anti-platelet therapywith aspirin and clopidogrel, STmay still occur. Clopidogrel metabolism and efficacy is affected by genetic variations of the P450 hepatic enzyme CYP2C19 allele and drug-drug interactions with commonly co-administered drugs such as proton pump inhibitors, calcium channel blockers, warfarin, and lipophilic statins. Patients developing ST while on clopidogrel are recommended to switch to prasugrel, another member of the thienopyridine class of ADP receptor inhibitors not affected by CYP2C19, and continuing dual therapy with aspirinfor one year.Emergent PCI to restore vessel patency is the treatment of choice for stent thrombosis, and is successful in over 90 percent of cases. UrgentCABGis recommendedfor the remainder of patients.Given the high morbidity and mortality, appropriate primary prevention along with prompt recognition and management of ST is essential to patient survival. ER  - 
Early determination of clopidogrel responsiveness by platelet-reactivity-index identifies patients at risk for cardiovascular events after myocardial infarction$$$ Aims: While acute MI is associated with impaired clopidogrel responsiveness, systematic evaluation is lacking due to the inability of functional aggregation-based assays to analyse clopidogrel responsiveness in the presence of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors. Using the P2Y12-specific, non-aggregation-based platelet-reactivity-index (PRI) we assessed clopidogrel responsiveness in patients with acute myocardial infarction (MI) Methods and results: Clopidogrel responsiveness was determined 24 hours after loading with 600mg in 54 patients widi acute MI admitted for coronary intervention. A pre-defined cut-off PRI >50% was considered as suboptimal inhibition based on previous studies. Clinical outcome was assessed as a combination of cardiac death, non-fatal MI, stent thrombosis, ischemic stroke, and urgent target vessel revascularisation after 12 months. Overall response in MI patients was suboptimal with a median PRI of 58%. Diabetes, low HDL and prehospital clopidogrel loading were associated with impaired clopidogrel responsiveness. Patients loaded at first medical contact had a significantly weaker platelet inhibition by clopidogrel after 24 hours (PRI 63%) compared to those loaded peri-interventionally (PRI 54%, p=0.014). The majority of the clinical events occurred in the two quartilcs with the highest PRI's. The pre-selected cut-off of PRI ≤50% yielded a sensitivity of 87% at a specificity of 26%, whereas a PRI ≤57% determined by ROC-analysis yielded a sensitivity of 80% at a specificity of 56% (event rate: PRI≤57%- 12.0%; PRI>57%: 41.4%, p=0.0136). The combined clinical endpoint occurred significantly more often in acute MI patients with a PRI > 57% than in patients with a PRI ≤ 57% (12.% vs. 41.4%; HR 4.3; 95% CI 1.3 to 9.9, p=0.0136) and more often in MI patients receiving the clopidogrel loading dose prehospitally than patients treated periinterventionally (5.3% vs. 43.7%; HR 10 8; 95% CI 1.63 to 12.6; p=0.0038). Conclusions: PRI detects clopidogrel responsiveness in acute MI patients requiring glycoprotein IIb/IIIa antagonism; and impaired clopidogrel responsiveness predisposes to clinical events. Prehospital clopidogrel loadmg was associated with impaired response and more adverse events challenging the concept of earliest oral clopidogrel loading in acute MI patients. ER  - 
Review article: Proton pump inhibitors with clopidogrel - Evidence for and against a clinically-important interaction$$$ Background The treatment of acute coronary syndromes involves a combination of antiplatelet therapies. Proton pump inhibitors are frequently recommended for patients receiving clopidogrel in addition to aspirin, to minimise the risk of bleeding. Several studies have shown that proton pump inhibitors can affect the platelet inhibitory effects of clopidogrel. However, the data on whether this has an effect on clinical outcomes are conflicting and a definitive answer is still awaited. Aim To provide an overview of the evidence for the pharmacological interaction between proton pump inhibitors and clopidogrel and to discuss whether this interaction translates into adverse clinical outcomes. Despite recent developments, clear consensus is lacking. Methods A search of the published literature combined with the authors' knowledge of the field. Results There is evidence to show that proton pump inhibitors can influence the pharmacodynamics of clopidogrel, but the data suggesting clinical effects are weak and conflicting. Supporting a clinically important interaction are four retrospective studies including over 11 000 patients prescribed both clopidogrel and a proton pump inhibitor. Evidence against a clinically important interaction is derived from over 18 000 patients from seven studies, including the only prospective trial to examine the potential interaction. Confounding variables are relevant and prospective clinical evidence is lacking. Conclusions Proton pump inhibitors offer clear protection and the concern over clinically relevant interactions with clopidogrel is biologically plausible, but not yet proven. © 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
New therapeutic approaches to combat arterial thrombosis$$$ Cardiovascular disease and stroke are predominant causes of death in developed countries. Rupture of atherosclerotic plaque in an artery wall and the ensuing thrombotic events are the triggers for acute ischemic injury in these diseases. Platelet activation and aggregation play key roles in this process of atherothrombosis. Anti-platelet drugs thus provide the primary therapeutic strategy to combat these diseases. Dual therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel is the current standard of care for most patients, but it has significant limitations. This provides an impetus for developing new anti-platelet drugs. One new drug has received FDA approval recently; prasugrel targets the platelet P2Y12 receptor, just like clopidogrel. Several other new drugs are showing great promise in clinical trials and appear to be nearing approval. Some of these drugs have traditional targets on the platelets; others, such as vorapaxar, terutroban, and sarpogrelate, generate more excitement as they are directed against novel targets. ER  - 
Impact of proton pump inhibitors on efficacy of clopidogrel: Review of evidence$$$ Clopidogrel is a prodrug which requires cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP 2C19) enzyme for its conversion to an active thiol metabolite. Proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) inhibits enzyme CYP 2C19 interfering with the conversion of clopidogrel into its active metabolite. Studies document the possible interaction of clopidogrel and PPIs leading to a decrease in the antiplatelet efficacy of clopidogrel. A PubMed/MEDLINE database literature search was carried out and the bibliographies of found articles were checked for other relevant literature. Most retrospective cohort studies and studies using platelet markers found a significant association between PPI use especially omeprazole and decreased efficacy of clopidogrel while few comparative trials using clinical outcomes found no association between the same. Pantoprazole was not associated with the decrease in the antiplatelet efficacy of clopidogrel. Patients on dual antiplatelet therapy and/or with a history of gastrointestinal bleed will require gastroprotection in the form of PPIs. In such cases, pantoprazole should be the preferred PPI. Rabeprazole can be used as an alternative. ER  - 
Antiplatelet agents in cardiovascular disease$$$ Despite improvements in the treatment of acute coronary syndromes (ACS), cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of death in the United States. Antiplatelet agents, such as aspirin and clopidogrel, play an important role in the treatment of patients with ACS, particularly those at high risk for whom treatment may yield the greatest benefits. The main challenge in preventing and managing ACS is to tailor treatment for each patient by taking into consideration patient characteristics, comorbidities, underlying short- and long-term risk factors, ischemic and bleeding risks, and expected individual responses to different medications. Several new alternatives providing more rapid and consistent platelet inhibition than aspirin and clopidogrel have been introduced for routine treatment of patients with ACS. These new treatments seem to provide additional benefits without a significant increase in the risk of bleeding, if used for the appropriate patients. In this article, we review the new antiplatelet agents being developed as well as their pharmacological characteristics, potential clinical indications, and key interactions with other antithrombotic drugs. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2011. ER  - 
Re-examination of potential interactions between clopidogrel and proton pump inhibitor therapy: Meta-analysis of existing literature$$$ Background: Clopidogrel is a prodrug requiring a cytochrome CYP2C19-dependent conversion to become active. Published data regarding the effect of concomitant clopidogrel and proton pump inhibitor (PPI) therapy on cardiovascular outcomes have been conflicting. Methods: We performed a meta-analysis of studies in Pubmed, Ovid, ISI Science, Embase, and meeting abstracts. Primary analysis was based on definite vascular outcomes including all cause mortality, cardiac death, myocardial infarction, and/or stroke. Secondary analysis also incorporated probable cardiac events which included re-hospitalization for cardiac symptoms or revascularization procedures. Risk differences (RD) were obtained for studies with definite and probable endpoints and were combined using a random-effects model. Results: We reviewed 1204 publications of which 26 studies (15 published articles, 11 abstracts) met inclusion criteria. The meta-analysis that compared clopidogrel with clopidogrel + PPI showed a risk difference of 3% (95% CI 95% CI 2-4%) for the 15 published articles and 2% (95% CI 1-4%) for all 26 studies (Table and Figure). The meta-analysis for secondary outcomes yielded a risk difference of 2% (95% CI 0-3%) based on 12 published papers, and 2% (95% CI 1-4%) based on 18 published papers and abstracts. When primary and secondary outcomes were combined, the meta-analysis yielded a risk difference of 4% (95% CI 3-6%). Conclusions: In patients using concomitant clopidogrel and PPI therapy, the risk of adverse cardiac outcomes appears to be increased by approximately 2-3%. Addition of probable vascular events increased the risk difference estimates. (Table presented). ER  - 
Carrying of P450 2C19+2 polymorphism and use of proton pump inhibitors increase risk of adverse outcomes after elective PCI in russian patients with CAD.$$$ Purpose: Certain genetic and environmental factors may interfere with the clopidogrel treatment outcomes in western population of pts with acute ACS, particularly in those who undergo PCI. Limited information exists on the risks associated with impaired pharmacogenetics of clopidogrel and possible drug interactions in pts who undergo elective PCI and in pts of different race/ethnicity. Aim of the study was to assess the impact of reduced-efficacy polymorphisms (ABCB1; CYP2C19+2) and concomitant use of PPI on long-term prognosis after elective PCI in Russian pts with CAD. Methods: the study population included 399 pts, mean age 59,4 yrs, presenting with stable CAD and receiving clopidogrel (75-150 mg od) mostly due to recent elective PCI. We assessed the relation of allelic variants (ABCB1 C3435T and CYP2C19±2) and use of PPI to the risk of vascular events (VE) (cardiovascular death, ACS, stroke/TIA, need for coronary revascularization) during exposure to clopidogrel. Results: Of the pts included, 291 (72,9%) were CYP2C19 wild-type carriers ∗1/∗1; 101 (25,3%) were heterozygotes ∗1/∗2 and 7 (1,8%) were homozygotes ∗2/∗2. ABCB1 wild genotype (CC) was detected in 106 (26,6%) pts, CT - in 220 (55,1%) and TT - in 73 (18,3%) pts. Mean clopidogrel exposure time was 18 months. VE occurred in 70 (17,5%) of pts during this period. ABCB1 polymorphism was not associated with the risk of adverse outcome. Higher event rate was found for both CYP2C19 ∗2/∗2 and ∗1/∗2 carriers, compared with wild-type homozygotes, 51,7% and 17,8% vs 16,3%; adjusted RR 4,9 (95% CI 1,7-13,9, p=0.003) and 1,5 (95% CI 0,8-2,7) respectively. Concomitant intake of PPI (mostly omeprazole) was selfreported in 72 (18%) of pts. VE occurred in 16,5% of pts not taking PPI and in 22,2 % of pts taking PPI, adjusted RR 1,8 (95% CI 1,0-3,4). Among pts receiving PPI there was a tendency to the worth outcomes in CYP2C19 wild type carriers compared with heterozygotes ∗1/∗2, adjusted RR 0,2 (95% CI 0,02-1,5). Conclusion: CYP2C19±2 and ABCB1 genotypes distribution in Russian pts was comparable with other Caucasian populations. CYP2C19 ∗2/∗2 and use of PPI are independent risk factors of VE following elective PCI. We suggest that PPI use reduces clopidorel efficacy in CYP2C19 wild type carriers but not in heterozygotes ∗1/∗2. ER  - 
Clinical events as a function of PPI use, clopidogrel use and CYP2C19 genotype in a large nationwide cohort of acute myocardial infarction: Results from the FAST-MI registry$$$ Background: Clopidogrel requires metabolic activation by cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19). Proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) that inhibit CYP2C19 are commonly co-administered with clopidogrel to reduce the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding. This analysis compares treatment outcomes for patients in the French registry of Acute-ST-elevation and non-ST-elevation Myocardial Infarction (FASTMI) who did/did not receive clopidogrel and/or PPIs. Methods and results: The FAST-MI registry included 3670 (2744 clopidogreland PPI-naïve) patients presenting with definite MI. Patients were categorized according to use of clopidogrel and/or PPI within 48 h following hospital admission. PPI use was not associated with an increased risk for any of the main in-hospital events (in-hospital survival, reinfarction, stroke, bleeding and transfu- sion). Likewise, PPI treatment was not an independent predictor of 1-year survival (hazard risk [HR] = 0.97; 95% CI = 0.87-1.08; P = 0.57) or 1-year MI, stroke or death (HR = 0.98; 95% CI = 0.90-1.08; P = 0.72). No differences were seen when taking into account type of PPI or CYP2C19 genotype. In the propensity matched cohorts, the OR for major in-hospital events in PPI vs. no PPI was 0.29 (0.06-1.44) and 1.70 (0.10-30.3) for patients with one and two variant alleles respectively. Similarly, the HR for 1-year events in hospital survivors was 0.68 (0.26-1.79) and 0.55 (0.06-5.30) respectively. Conclusions: PPI use was not associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular events or mortality in patients administered clopidogrel for recent MI, whatever the CYP2C19 genotype, although harm could not be formally excluded in patients with two loss of function alleles. ER  - 
Oral antiplatelet therapy for atherothrombotic disease: Current evidence and new directions$$$ Despite the proven efficacy of dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and one of the first-generation P2Y12 antagonists (clopidogrel, prasugrel) in patients with atherothrombotic disease, residual ischemic risk remains substantial, and bleeding rates are increased. Incomplete protection against ischemic events can be attributed to the fact that these therapies each target a single platelet activation pathway, allowing continued platelet activation via other pathways, including the protease-activated receptor-1 (PAR-1) pathway stimulated by thrombin. Increased bleeding with dual antiplatelet therapy can be attributed to blockade of the thromboxane A 2 (by aspirin) and adenosine diphosphate (by P2Y12 antagonist) platelet activation pathways that are essential to hemostasis. The second-generation P2Y12 inhibitor ticagrelor plus aspirin demonstrated superior ischemic outcomes, including reduction in total mortality, versus clopidogrel plus aspirin, but event rates remain high, and major bleeding not related to coronary artery bypass grafting is increased. The novel P2Y12 antagonist elinogrel, available in intravenous and oral formulations, may have a more favorable benefit-to-risk profile than existing agents in this class because of reversible and competitive binding to the P2Y12 receptor. Inhibition of PAR-1 is an attractive, novel approach in antiplatelet therapy because it may provide incremental ischemic protection without increasing bleeding. The PAR-1 antagonist vorapaxar (SCH 530348) has been associated with favorable efficacy and safety in phase 2 trials. Two phase 3 trials are evaluating the efficacy and safety of vorapaxar in patients presenting with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes and in patients with documented atherothrombotic disease. © 2011 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Antiplatelet therapy in acute coronary syndromes$$$ Antiplatelet therapy is integral to the acute and long-term management of acute coronary syndromes (ACSs) and for minimizing the thrombotic complications of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). This article reviews the most commonly used antiplatelet agents in ACS therapy-aspirin, adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-receptor blockers, and glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors. More recent data are also reviewed on novel ADP-receptor blockers and thrombin inhibitors before addressing issues of adherence to antiplatelet regimens. © The Author(s) 2011. ER  - 
Genomics for Disease Treatment and Prevention$$$ The enormous advances in genetics and genomics of the past decade have the potential to revolutionize health care, including mental health care, and bring about a system predominantly characterized by the practice of genomic and personalized medicine. This article briefly reviews the history of genetics and genomics and assesses the extent to which the results of genetic and genomic studies are currently being leveraged clinically for disease treatment and prevention. Relevant social, economic, and policy issues relevant to genomic medicine are also reviewed, and priority research areas in which further work is needed are identified. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
2011 update to the society of thoracic surgeons and the society of cardiovascular anesthesiologists blood conservation clinical practice guidelines$$$ Background: Practice guidelines reflect published literature. Because of the ever changing literature base, it is necessary to update and revise guideline recommendations from time to time. The Society of Thoracic Surgeons recommends review and possible update of previously published guidelines at least every three years. This summary is an update of the blood conservation guideline published in 2007. Methods The search methods used in the current version differ compared to the previously published guideline. Literature searches were conducted using standardized MeSH terms from the National Library of Medicine PUBMED database list of search terms. The following terms comprised the standard baseline search terms for all topics and were connected with the logical 'OR' connectorExtracorporeal circulation (MeSH number E04.292), cardiovascular surgical procedures (MeSH number E04.100), and vascular diseases (MeSH number C14.907). Use of these broad search terms allowed specific topics to be added to the search with the logical 'AND' connector. Results In this 2011 guideline update, areas of major revision include: 1) management of dual anti-platelet therapy before operation, 2) use of drugs that augment red blood cell volume or limit blood loss, 3) use of blood derivatives including fresh frozen plasma, Factor XIII, leukoreduced red blood cells, platelet plasmapheresis, recombinant Factor VII, antithrombin III, and Factor IX concentrates, 4) changes in management of blood salvage, 5) use of minimally invasive procedures to limit perioperative bleeding and blood transfusion, 6) recommendations for blood conservation related to extracorporeal membrane oxygenation and cardiopulmonary perfusion, 7) use of topical hemostatic agents, and 8) new insights into the value of team interventions in blood management. Conclusions Much has changed since the previously published 2007 STS blood management guidelines and this document contains new and revised recommendations. © 2011 The Society of Thoracic Surgeons. ER  - 
The Use of Antiplatelet Therapy in the Outpatient Setting: Canadian Cardiovascular Society Guidelines Executive Summary$$$ Antiplatelet agents are a cornerstone of therapy for patients with atherosclerotic vascular disease. There is presently a lack of comprehensive guidelines focusing on the use of antiplatelet drugs in patients currently manifesting or at elevated risk of cardiovascular disease. The Canadian Antiplatelet Therapy Guidelines Committee reviewed existing disease-based guidelines and subsequently published literature and used expert opinion and review to develop guidelines on the use of antiplatelet therapy in the outpatient setting. This Executive Summary provides an abbreviated version of the principal recommendations. Antiplatelet therapy appears to be generally underused, perhaps in part because of a lack of clear, evidence-based guidance. Here, we provide specific guidelines for secondary prevention in patients discharged from hospital after acute coronary syndromes, percutaneous coronary intervention, or coronary artery bypass grafting; patients with a history of transient cerebral ischemic events or strokes; and patients with peripheral arterial disease. Issues related to primary prevention are also addressed, in addition to special clinical contexts such as diabetes, heart failure, chronic kidney disease, pregnancy or lactation, and perioperative management. Recommendations are provided regarding pharmacologic interactions that may occur during combination therapy with warfarin, clopidogrel, and proton-pump inhibitors, or aspirin and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, as well as for the management of bleeding complications. © 2011 Canadian Cardiovascular Society. ER  - 
Role of ticagrelor in the treatment of coronary artery disease$$$ Ticagrelor is a reversibly binding, noncompetitive, direct-acting, orally administered P2Y12-receptor antagonist and is a credible alternative to clopidogrel in the treatment of patients with acute coronary syndrome. Ticagrelor therapy has been associated with rapid onset and faster offset of actions and greater and consistent platelet inhibition. In the Study of Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial, ticagrelor significantly reduced the rate of the combined end point of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction or stroke in acute coronary syndrome patients compared with clopidogrel. A major potential benefit of ticagrelor is the unprecedented reduction in mortality among acute coronary syndrome patients. An additional important observation was similar CABG-related bleeding events in ticagrelor (vs clopidogrel)-treated patients despite the fact that ticagrelor provides more potent P2Y12-receptor blockade. © 2011 Future Science Ltd. ER  - 
Cytochrome P450 2C19 polymorphism is associated with poor clinical outcomes in coronary artery disease patients treated with clopidogrel$$$ Patients with lesser degrees of platelet inhibition in response to clopidogrel appear to be at increased risk for recurrent ischemic events. Cytochrome P450 (CYP) polymorphisms have been proposed as possible mechanisms for nonresponsiveness to clopidogrel. Published data on the association between CYP2C19*2 polymorphism and atherothrombotic events are inconclusive. To derive a more precise estimation of the relationship, a meta-analysis was performed. A total of eight prospective cohort studies including 2,345 patients carrying CYP2C19*2 variant allele and 5,935 cases with the wild-type genotype were included in this meta-analysis. Overall, borderline statistically significantly elevated risk of adverse clinical events was associated with genotyping 681G>A polymorphism (for AA + GA vs. GG: OR, 1.46; 95% CI, 1.01 to 2.13; P = 0.05). The summary odds ratio showed a significant association between the CYP2C19*2 polymorphism and an increased risk of cardiac mortality in the follow-up period (OR, 2.07; 95% CI, 1.22 to 3.52; P = 0.007). When studies evaluating myocadial infarction, stent thrombosis, and ischemic stroke, the presence of the variant allele was associated with significantly increased risks of recurrent atherothrombotic events. In summary, this meta-analysis indicated that CYP2C19*2 carrier status is significantly associated with an increased risk of adverse cardiovascular events. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media B.V. ER  - 
Enhanced clopidogrel responsiveness in smokers: Smokers' paradox is dependent on cytochrome P450 CYP1A2 status$$$ Objective-: Observational studies have reported enhanced response to clopidogrel in smokers (the smokers' paradox). We examined whether genetic variations in the cytochrome and drug transporter system are associated with the effect of smoking on clopidogrel response. Methods and Results-: Clopidogrel on-treatment platelet reactivity (OPR) was measured in 1431 consecutive patients who underwent coronary angiography. Gene samples were available and genotyping was successful in 1123 patients. Nine candidate single-nucleotide polymorphisms in 5 cytochrome genes and 1 drug transporter gene were assessed. The mean OPR of the entire population was 241.9±79.3 (P2Y12 reaction units). Two hundred forty-nine (17%) smokers had lower OPR compared with 1182 (83%) nonsmokers (227.6±76.0 versus 244.9±79.7, P=0.001). Among the 9 single-nucleotide polymorphisms, only CYP1A2 showed a genotype-dependent change in the effect of smoking on OPR. After adjustment for possible confounding factors, cigarette smoking was associated with a lower OPR by -19 P2Y12 reaction units (P=0.009) and lower risk for high OPR (odds ratio [OR], 0.48; 95% CI, 0.31 to 0.74) in the AA and CA genotypes but not in the CC genotype. Conclusion-: Enhanced clopidogrel response in smokers, known as the smokers' paradox, is not universal but was observed only in cytochrome P450 CYP1A2 (-163C>A) A-allele carriers, suggesting a genotype-dependent effect of smoking on clopidogrel responsiveness. Copyright © 2011 American Heart Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Impact of CYP2C19 polymorphism on residual platelet reactivity in patients with coronary heart disease during antiplatelet therapy$$$ Background and purpose: CYP2C19*2 loss-of-function allele in Caucasians may be associated with wide interindividual variability in platelet response to clopidogrel, and the incidence of gene mutation varies with racial differences, especially between Asians and Caucasians. The aim was to examine the impact of CYP2C19 genotype on the residual platelet reactivity in Japanese patients with coronary heart disease (CHD) during antiplatelet therapy. Methods and results: We measured the CYP2C19 genotype and platelet aggregation in 201 patients with stable CHD. Moreover, we examined the relation of CYP2C19 polymorphism to cardiovascular events in 98 patients treated with stent implantation. The distribution of CYP2C19 genotype was 37%, 33%, 11%, 11%, 7%, and 1% in CYP2C19*1/*1, *1/*2, *1/*3, *2/*2, *2/*3, and *3/*3, respectively. Residual platelet reactivity was lower in patients during dual antiplatelet therapy (DAT) than in those with aspirin (3975±1569 aggregation units. minute (AU min) vs 5850±938 AU min, p<0.05). In the DAT group, the platelet reactivity decreased significantly in the wild-type homozygotes (CYP2C19*1/*1), subsequently in the *2, or *3 heterozygotes (*1/*2, *1/*3), and was not well inhibited in the *2, and/or *3 homozygotes (*2/*2, *2/*3, *3/*3; 3194±1570 AU min, 4148±1400 AU min, and 5088±1080 AU min, respectively). However, when the duration of DAT was used to divide subjects into 2 groups, <7 days, and >7 days, patients carrying the variant allele showed significantly decreased platelet reactivities at >7 days compared with those at <7 days. Moreover, the incidence of cardiovascular events was higher in patients carrying at least one variant allele than in wild-type homozygotes. Conclusions: CYP2C19 polymorphism may be associated with high residual platelet reactivity and the occurrence of cardiovascular events. © 2011 Japanese College of Cardiology. ER  - 
Clopidogrel-induced platelet inhibition may predict early ischemic complications following stent-assisted angioplasty for symptomatic cerebral atherosclerotic disease$$$ Background: Angioplasty and stenting carries a risk of cerebral thrombo-embolic events. Dual antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel plus aspirin has been used to reduce ischemic event following percutaneous catheter intervention. Platelet reactivity studies have demonstrated a wide inter-individual variability in the inhibitory response to clopidogrel. Objectives: To determine the relationship between the poor response to clopidogrel and peri-procedural complications such as in-stent thrombosis and cerebral embolism following stent-assisted angioplasty. Methods: One hundred two patients, who have received stent-assisted angioplasty procedures in extracranial carotid (n=55), intracranial ICA (n= 12), MCA (n= 8), intracranial vertebro-basilar arteries (n=18), and vertebral ostium (n= 14) were enrolled. Before the intervention, all patients were on aspirin and received a loading dose of 300mg clopidogrel. The platelet function was determined with the VerifyNow-P2Y12 assay. This assay reports the results as P2Y12 Reaction Units (PRU), Inhibition (%) and BASE in less than 5 minutes. Inhibition (%) is calculated as (1-PRU/BASE) ×100. Diffusion-weighted image (DWI) was performed the day before and repeated within 48 hours after the procedure to screening for procedure-related ischemic lesions, including silent ischemic embolism. Results: DWI detected procedure-related embolic lesions in 44 (41.1%). Most lesions were asymptomatic, except in 3 patients showing transient weakness and sensory change. In-stent thrombosis on angiography during the procedure was found in 11 (32%), which developed only in intracranial arteries (ICA, n=3; MCA, n=3; BA, n=2). Patients with positive DWI lesion had higher mean value of PRU than ones without DWI lesion (241.4±73.1 vs. 205.7±93.1, p=0032). The number of DWI lesions correlated with the value of PRU (r=0.57; P<0.01). In 38 patients with intracranial angioplasty and stenting the suboptimal responder to clopidogrel (percentage of Inhibition < 20) was more often found in patients showing in-stent thrombosis than in ones without (7/11 vs. 6/27, p=0.024).Conclusion: Clopidogrel-induced platelet inhibition before angioplasty and stenting may correlate with early thrombo-embolic complications following the intervention. The further studies will be required to determine the prognostic value of the rapid platelet function assay. ER  - 
P2Y12 receptors in ischemic inflammation: A new role for clopidogrel?$$$ Background: Microglia are among the first immune cells to respond to ischemic insults. Triggering of this inflammatory response is not precisely known, but may involve extracellular release of nucleotides from necrotic cells which bind microglial purinergic receptors. One such receptor, P2Y12, implicated in chemotaxis, is the receptor to which clopidogrel binds and inhibits. Methods: Primary murine enriched neuronal cultures were prepared with or without the addition of microglia (BV2 cell line), them subjected to oxygen glucose deprivation. siRNA was used to knockdown P2Y12 or NFkB in BV2 cells. Mice deficient in P2Y12, or wildtype littermates (n=6/group), were subjected to 12 min forebrain ischemia and hippocampal CA1 counts were assessed 72 h later. Results: The addition of microglia to enriched-neuron cultures increased neuron damage following OGD (oxygen glucose deprivation). Microglia formed clusters around these neurons following OGD. P2Y12-deficient microglia prevented increased neuron injury (p<0.05) and prevented microglial clustering (p<0.05). Deficiency of NF-kappaB, a major immune transcription factor in microglia led to similar observations (p<0.05). To delineate a link between P2Y12 and NF-kappaB activation, added ATP (P2Y12 agonist) increased NF-kappaB activation at potentially pathologic concentrations. Migration assays showed that OGD-conditioned media from neurons, but not astrocytes, led to microglial migration. P2Y12 deficient mice subjected to forebrain ischemia also suffered little hippocampal injury compared to wildtype mice (p<0.05), suggesting a toxic potential of the P2Y12 receptor. Conclusions: P2Y12 signaling through NF-kappaB appears to play a role in microglial activation and neurotoxocity under ischemic/ischemia-like conditions. We demonstrate a role of P2Y12 in ischemia in terms of microglia-mediated neurotoxicity, and suggests a potential additional benefit of clopidogrel. ER  - 
Clinical events as a function of proton pump inhibitor use, clopidogrel use, and cytochrome P450 2C19 genotype in a large nationwide cohort of acute myocardial infarction: Results from the french registry of acute ST-Elevation and Non-ST-Elevation myocardial infarction (FAST-MI) registry$$$ Background-Clopidogrel requires metabolic activation by cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19). Proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) that inhibit CYP2C19 are commonly coadministered with clopidogrel to reduce the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding. This analysis compares treatment outcomes for patients in the French Registry of Acute ST-Elevation and Non-ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction (FAST-MI) who did or did not receive clopidogrel and/or PPIs. Methods and Results-The FAST-MI registry included 3670 patients (2744 clopidogrel- and PPI-naïve patients) presenting with definite MI. Patients were categorized according to use of clopidogrel and/or PPI within 48 hours after hospital admission. PPI use was not associated with an increased risk for any of the main in-hospital events (in-hospital survival, reinfarction, stroke, bleeding, and transfusion). Likewise, PPI treatment was not an independent predictor of 1-year survival (hazard ratio, 0.97; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.87 to 1.08; P=0.57) or 1-year MI, stroke, or death (hazard ratio, 0.98; 95% CI, 0.90 to 1.08; P=0.72). No differences were seen when the type of PPI or CYP2C19 genotype was taken into account. In the propensity-matched cohorts, the odds ratios for major in-hospital events in PPI versus no PPI were 0.29 (95% CI, 0.06 to 1.44) and 1.70 (95% CI, 0.10 to 30.3) for patients with 1 and 2 variant alleles, respectively. Similarly, the hazard ratio for 1-year events in hospital survivors was 0.68 (95% CI, 0.26 to 1.79) and 0.55 (95% CI, 0.06 to 5.30), respectively. Conclusion-PPI use was not associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular events or mortality in patients administered clopidogrel for recent MI, whatever the CYP2C19 genotype, although harm could not be formally excluded in patients with 2 loss-of-function alleles. © 2011 American Heart Association, Inc. ER  - 
Antithrombotic therapy in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction$$$ Introduction: Anticoagulation is an integral part of both fibrinolytic therapy and percutaneous intervention (PCI) in the reperfusion treatment of ST-segment elevation AMI (STEMI). Areas covered: This article reviews the choices of adjunctive anticoagulation regimens. Readers will appreciate the complexities of anticoagulation and the variable risk of clotting with ischemic/thrombotic complications versus that of bleeding. Antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel is recommended with fibrinolysis and PCI. Newer P2Y12 inhibitors such as prasugrel and ticagrelor have been shown to reduce cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke and stent thrombosis, as compared with clopidogrel. Ticagrelor has also been shown to reduce mortality. Glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors, by blocking the final pathway of platelet clumping with each other through bridging with fibrinogen, have the ability to disaggregate platelets, hence the potential for reducing thrombotic complications as well as increasing bleeding in patients undergoing PCI bleeding risks. Enoxaparin reduces death and MI compared with unfractionated heparin (UFH) with fibrinolytic therapy. There was a trend for a reduction in death, MI procedural failure or non-coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) major bleeding compared with UFH in primary PCI. In primary PCI, bivalirudin has the advantage over UFH of inhibiting clot bound thrombin and reduces bleeding and mortality compared with the use of UFH plus glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors. Combinations of P2Y12 antagonists and bivalirudin need to be tested to optimize the balance between efficacy and bleeding. Expert opinion: This field is rapidly evolving with multiple appropriate approaches. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Antiplatelet Therapy in Coronary Heart Disease Prevention$$$ Platelets are central to the pathogenesis of coronary heart disease (CHD). An ever-growing number of antiplatelet therapies used in different doses and combinations have helped manage atherothrombosis, both acutely and in primary and secondary prevention. Despite modern therapy, nearly 800,000 individuals suffer annually from an initial coronary event in the United States alone; almost 500,000 experience a recurrent event. This review provides a current appraisal of antiplatelet drug use in CHD prevention and discusses key barriers to achieving its full potential in real-world practice. © 2011. ER  - 
Implications of pharmacogenetic testing for patients taking warfarin or clopidogrel$$$ Our knowledge of the pharmacogenetics of warfarin and clopidogrel continues to expand as we learn more about the individual genetic variations that contribute to the drugs' efficacy and toxicity. We aim to review the recent developments in the field and discuss the clinical implications for the treatment of ischemic stroke patients. Despite recent advances, there is still insufficient data to suggest that routine genetic testing improves outcomes in patients treated with warfarin or clopidogrel for prevention of stroke. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Comparison of 2 point-of-care platelet function tests, VerifyNow Assay and Multiple Electrode Platelet Aggregometry, for predicting early clinical outcomes in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Background: Various platelet function tests are currently used to measure responsiveness to antiplatelet therapy. We sought to compare 2 point-of-care platelet function tests, VerifyNow Assay (Accumetrics, San Diego, CA) and Multiple Electrode Platelet Aggregometry (MEA) (Dynabyte, Munich, Germany), for predicting early clinical outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention. Methods: Platelet reactivity in the arachidonic acid-induced and adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-induced platelet aggregation was measured simultaneously with the VerifyNow Assay and MEA in 222 patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention between August and October 2009. We investigated the correlations between the 2 tests and performed receiver operating characteristic curve analysis for major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), a composite of death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, and target vessel revascularization, at 30 days. Results: Major adverse cardiovascular events occurred in 19 patients (8.6%), including 14 patients with periprocedural MI and 5 patients with stroke. Correlations were weak between the 2 tests in the arachidonic acid-induced (Spearman r = 0.189, P = .006) and ADP-induced platelet reactivity (Spearman r = 0.390, P < .001). Although the VerifyNow P2Y12 Assay (Accumetrics) was able to predict periprocedural MI (area under the aggregation curve 0.680, P = .024) and 30-day MACE (area under the aggregation curve 0.649, P = .032), VerifyNow Aspirin Assay (Accumetrics), MEA ASPI test, and MEA ADP test failed to predict such clinical events. Hyporesponsiveness to clopidogrel based on the VerifyNow Assay was associated with about a 6-fold increased risk of MACE at 30 days. Conclusions: Hyporesponsiveness to clopidogrel measured by VerifyNow Assay was able to identify patients with dual antiplatelet therapy who were at higher risk for periprocedural MI and MACE at 30 days. Further randomized studies are required to validate the effectiveness of different platelet function tests for predicting long-term clinical outcomes. © 2011 Mosby, Inc. ER  - 
Antiplatelet resistance in stroke$$$ Although the exact prevalence of antiplatelet resistance in ischemic stroke is not known, estimates about the two most widely used antiplatelet agents - aspirin and clopidogrel - suggest that the resistance rate is high, irrespective of the definition used and parameters measured. Inadequate antiplatelet responsiveness correlates with an increased risk of recurrent ischemic vascular events in patients with stroke and acute coronary syndrome. It is not currently known whether tailoring antiplatelet therapy based on platelet function test results translates into a more effective strategy to prevent secondary vascular events after stroke. Large-scale clinical trials using a universally accepted definition and standardized measurement techniques for antiplatelet resistance are needed to demonstrate whether a 'platelet-function test-guided antiplatelet treatment' strategy translates into improved stroke care. This article gives an overview of the clinical importance of laboratory antiplatelet resistance, describes the challenges for platelet-function test-guided antiplatelet treatment and discusses practical issues about the management of patients with aspirin and/or clopidogrel resistance. © 2011 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Ticagrelor: From concept to clinical evaluation$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and a platelet adenosine diphosphate P2Y12 receptor blocker reduces the risk of major adverse cardiovascular events following percutaneous coronary intervention or an acute coronary syndrome. Clopidogrel is the most widely used P2Y12 receptor blocker, but has suboptimal speed of onset of action and maximal platelet inhibition, as well as variability in the inhibition of platelet aggregation achieved. Therefore, novel P2Y12 receptor blockers have been developed to address these limitations, including prasugrel and ticagrelor. This article describes the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic evaluation of ticagrelor, which has been demonstrated to have significantly faster onset, faster offset, greater maximal inhibition of platelet aggregation and less variability in response compared with clopidogrel. These detailed Phase II data helped guide the design of the large landmark clinical trial Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes (PLATO; n = 18,624 patients with acute coronary syndrome) in which ticagrelor was associated with a 16% relative risk reduction in the primary composite end point of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction or stroke at 12 months (9.8 vs 11.7%; hazard ratio: 0.84; 95% CI: 0.77-0.92; p < 0.001). Ongoing trials are evaluating the clinical value of individualizing therapy according to on-treatment residual platelet activity, genetic polymorphism (loss-of-function allele status) and by improved safety/efficacy risk stratification. © 2011 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Thienopyridines in acute coronary syndrome$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the safety and efficacy of the thienopyridines in order to identify their current place in therapy for the treatment of acute coronary syndrome (ACS). DATA SOURCES: Literature was accessed through MEDLINE (1966-October 2010 week 1), EMBASE (1980-2010 week 40), and a bibliographic review of published articles using the search terms acute coronary syndrome, clopidogrel, and prasugrel. Articles were limited to clinical trials conducted in humans and published in the English language. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: Head-to-head clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of the thienopyridines in patients with ACS were critically reviewed. Trials evaluating ticlopidine were excluded due to its limited clinical use. DATA SYNTHESIS: Thienopyridines are an integral part of the treatment of ACS. Prior to the approval of prasugrel, clopidogrel was considered the agent of choice due to safety concerns associated with ticlopidine. A randomized controlled trial comparing prasugrel and clopidogrel has demonstrated superior efficacy with prasugrel, and post hoc analyses suggest additional benefit with prasugrel is derived in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction and patients with diabetes. However, safety concerns exist linking prasugrel with an increased risk of bleeding, which diminishes its advantage in elderly patients, underweight patients, and those with a history of stroke. Pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic studies discussing differences in response variability, platelet inhibition, interactions with proton pump inhibitors, and genetic factors between the thienopyridines are numerous, although more clinical data are needed to determine clinical implications. CONCLUSIONS: Clinical trial data have suggested prasugrel is superior to clopidogrel at preventing ischemic events in patients with ACS undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. However, this coincides with an increased risk of bleeding. Clinicians must carefully interpret the current evidence, including limitations in study design and pharmacologic differences between agents, in order to balance the risks and benefits as new data become available. ER  - 
New Information on the genetics of stroke$$$ Ischemic stroke, white matter hyperintensities related to small vessel ischemia, and intracranial aneurysms all show heritability. This review focuses on recent progress in understanding the molecular genetics of these disorders. Also reviewed is recent progress in understanding single-gene disorders in which stroke is a major feature of the phenotype, including CADASIL, CARASIL, hereditary angiopathy with nephropathy, aneurysm and muscle cramps, and Fabry disease and progress in pharmacogenomics as it relates to response to antiplatelet therapy. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Current status of antiplatelet agents to prevent stroke$$$ Stroke is one of the leading causes of disability; most are due to atherothrombotic mechanisms. About one third of ischemic strokes are preceded by other stroke or transient ischemic attacks. Stroke survivors are at high risk for vascular events (i.e., cerebrovascular and cardiovascular). Prevention of recurrent stroke and other major vascular events can be accomplished by control of risk factors. Nonetheless, the use of antiplatelet agents remains the fundamental component of secondary stroke prevention strategy in patients with noncardioembolic disease. Currently, the uses of aspirin, clopidogrel, or aspirin plus extended-release dipyridamole are valid alternatives for stroke or transient ischemic attack patients. To maximize the beneficial effects of these agents, the treatment should be initiated as early as possible and continue on a lifelong basis. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Multicenter randomized trial evaluating the efficacy of cilostazol on ischemic vascular complications after drug-eluting stent implantation for coronary heart disease: Results of the CILON-T (influence of cilostazol-based triple antiplatelet therapy on ischemic complication after drug-eluting stent implantation) trial$$$ Objectives We aimed to test whether cilostazol has beneficial effects in the real-world patients treated with intracoronary drug-eluting stents (DES). Background The addition of cilostazol on the conventional dual antiplatelet therapy has been reported to reduce platelet reactivity and to improve clinical outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention in previous studies. Methods In a randomized multicenter trial, we enrolled 960 patients who received DES. They were randomized to receive either dual antiplatelet therapy (DAT) (aspirin and clopidogrel) or triple antiplatelet therapy (TAT) (aspirin, clopidogrel, and cilostazol) for 6 months. Primary end point was the composite of cardiac death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, or target lesion revascularization (TLR). Secondary end points were P2Y12 reaction unit (PRU) measured with the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay (Accumetrics, San Diego, California) at discharge and at 6 months after the index procedure. All-cause death, stent thrombosis, and each component of the primary end point at 6 months were other secondary end points. Analysis was done on an intention-to-treat basis. Results At 6 months' follow-up, there was no difference in the primary end point between the 2 groups (8.5% in TAT vs. 9.2% in DAT, p = 0.74). In secondary end point analysis, the TAT group achieved lower PRU levels than the DAT group both at discharge (206.6 ± 90.3 PRU vs. 232.2 ± 80.3 PRU, p < 0.001) and at 6 months (210.7 ± 87.9 PRU vs. 255.7 ± 73.7 PRU, p < 0.001). In the Cox proportional hazards analysis, lesion length (<28 mm, hazard ratio [HR]: 2.10, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.25 to 3.52), and PRU level at discharge (every increase in tertile, HR: 1.61, 95% CI: 1.16 to 2.25) were predictors of the primary end point, but not the use of cilostazol (HR: 0.90, 95% CI: 0.54 to 1.52). Conclusions Despite the greater reduction of platelet reactivity by addition of cilostazol to conventional DAT, TAT did not show superiority in reducing the composite of adverse cardiovascular outcomes after DES implantation. (The Efficacy of CILostazol ON Ischemic Complications After DES Implantation [CILON-T]; NCT00776828) © 2011 American College of Cardiology Foundation. ER  - 
Thrombosis and inflammatory bowel disease: A call for improved awareness and prevention$$$ Thrombotic complications in patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) are common and require improved awareness and prevention. In this review the interface between IBD and thrombosis is discussed, with emphasis on risk assessment and data to aid clinical decision making. Thromboembolic complications are 3-fold more likely in IBD patients than controls and the relative risk exceeds 15 during disease flares. Improved assessment of thrombosis risk for an individual patient includes thorough personal and family history and awareness of prothrombotic medications and lifestyle choices. Patients with the highest risk of thrombosis are those with active colonic disease, personal or strong family history of thrombosis, and those with significant acquired risk factors. Combined risk factors or hospitalization should prompt mechanical thromboprophylaxis. Indications for prophylactic anticoagulation are not defined currently by clinical studies, especially in pediatric patients, although some groups now advocate prophylactic anticoagulation for all hospitalized IBD patients and even some outpatients with disease flares. Thrombosis management requires a multidisciplinary therapeutic approach to balance anticoagulation and bleeding risk. While bleeding may occur with anticoagulation in IBD, data and experience indicate that therapeutic heparin is safe and bleeding manifestations can be managed supportively in most patients. Until prospective trials of prophylactic anticoagulation are published, management of thrombotic risk and prophylaxis in IBD will remain a clinical challenge. © 2010 Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America, Inc. ER  - 
Adenosine release: A potential explanation for the benefits of ticagrelor in the PLATelet Inhibition and Clinical Outcomes trial?$$$ Objective: The objective of the study was to hypothesize on the potential mechanism explaining the surprising mortality benefit of ticagrelor in the PLATO trial. Background: In PLATO, the mortality reduction (107 deaths) numerically exceeds the myocardial infarction prevention benefit (89 events), making it a hitherto unmatchable achievement of ticagrelor over active comparator. If confirmed, such an impressive mortality advantage will be critical for the further success of ticagrelor to compensate for its otherwise unfavorable safety profile. In fact, such an impressive survival represents an entirely unexpected benefit, which will serve as a key point in the drug approval process and subsequent use in clinical practice. Methods: The potential association of ticagrelor as a promoter of blood adenosine serving as adenosine agonist is assessed. Results: Multiple properties of adenosine, which can be closely matched with both clinical benefits and adverse events after ticagrelor, suggest that this novel pyrimidine is not a pure antiplatelet agent. Unquestionably, ticagrelor potently inhibits platelet activity via established mechanism of P2Y12 receptor blockade, probably chronically increasing blood adenosine levels and ultimately contributing to the vascular outcome benefit observed in PLATO. Conclusions: Future randomized trials of ticagrelor in acute heart failure, sudden death prevention, and treatment of atrial fibrillation are warranted and will expand our understanding of the potential role of adenosine in the outcome benefit after pyrimidines. © 2011 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The safety of clopidogrel$$$ Importance of the field: Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet prodrug widely used in acute coronary syndromes and after intravascular stent placement. Acute or chronic use can cause bleeding, a major adverse effect, which can lead to drug discontinuation or noncompliance with therapy. Areas covered in this review: The mechanism of action of clopidogrel, safety of different loading doses of clopidogrel, its use as a solitary antiplatelet agent and concomitant use with other antiplatelet agents such as aspirin and warfarin are discussed. Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, a rare but important adverse event, has also been reviewed. Literature searches including randomized controlled trials were conducted in Medline. What the reader will gain: Clinicians will be able to understand the safety profile of using different doses of clopidogrel and the incidence of bleeding when used alone or in combination with other antiplatelet agents. Take home message: Compared to aspirin, clopidogrel when taken alone causes less severe bleeding and less intracranial hemorrhage. Higher loading dose of clopidogrel is associated with increased bleeding. When combined with other antiplatelet agents, risk of bleeding increases, but like any other drug, the risks have to be weighed against potential benefits. © Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Genetic risk factors for stroke in the genome-wide association era$$$ Importance of the field: Recent genome-wide association studies (GWASs) have renewed interest in genetic determinants of a wide range of complex traits and disorders, including stroke. Areas covered in this review: This paper reviews the current knowledge of genes that contribute to rare monogenic forms of stroke as well as more common 'garden variety' forms, focusing on the results of GWASs. Potential clinical pharmacogenetic and diagnostic applications of this information are considered. Publications from 1990 to September 2010 were identified through a Medline search using terms 'human stroke' and 'genetics', 'monogenic', 'familial', 'mutation', 'genome-wide association study', 'polymorphism', or 'genotype'. What the reader will gain: The review synthesizes and collates the current understanding of genes that are involved across a range of stroke subphenotypes. Take home message: The complexity of stroke will make translation of genetic findings into new diagnostic or therapeutic tools relatively more challenging than for some other conditions and tempers the authors' enthusiasm for the eventual clinical utility of this information. © 2010 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
P2Y Receptors in Health and Disease$$$ The purine- and pyrimidine-sensitive P2Y receptors belong to the large group of G-protein-coupled receptors that are the target of approximately one-third of the pharmaceutical drugs used in the clinic today. It is therefore not unexpected that the P2Y receptors could be useful targets for drug development. This chapter will discuss P2Y receptor-based therapies currently used, in development and possible future developments. The platelet inhibitors blocking the ADP-receptor P2Y<inf>12</inf> reduce myocardial infarction, stroke, and mortality in patients with cardiovascular disease. Clopidogrel (Plavix) was for many years the second most selling drug in the world. The improved P2Y<inf>12</inf> inhibitors prasugrel, ticagrelor, and elinogrel are now entering the clinic with even more pronounced protective effects. The UTP-activated P2Y<inf>2</inf> receptor stimulates ciliary movement and secretion from epithelial cells. Cystic fibrosis is a monogenetic disease where reduced chloride ion secretion results in a severe lung disease and early death. No specific treatment has been available, but the P2Y<inf>2</inf> agonist Denufosol has been shown to improve lung function and is expected to be introduced as treatment for cystic fibrosis soon. In preclinical studies, there are indications that P2Y receptors can be important for diabetes, osteoporosis, cardiovascular, and atherosclerotic disease. In conclusion, P2Y receptors are important for the health of humans for many diseases, and we can expect even more beneficial drugs targeting P2Y receptors in the future. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Vorapaxar. PAR1 receptor antagonist, antiplatelet therapy$$$ Atherothrombosis, including myocardial infarction and ischemic stroke, is a highly prevalent disease throughout the world. Platelet activation plays a crucial role in the onset of atherothrombotic events, while detailed mechanisms of platelet pathophysiology contributing to the onset of symptomatic atherothrombotic events have yet to be elucidated. Antiplatelet agents such as aspirin and clopidogrel are the most commonly used. Currently emerging agents exhibit certain limitations and are not capable of satisfactorily preventing the recurrence of atherothrombotic events without increasing the risk of serious bleeding. There are various receptors and activation signaling pathways in platelets, but aspirin and clopidogrel are specific inhibitors of cyclooxygenase COX-1 and the P2Y12 receptor, respectively. Vorapaxar (Sch-530348) was developed as a specific inhibitor of the protease-activated receptor PAR1, which is entirely distinct from the previous antiplatelet agents. Results of phase II clinical trials with vorapaxar appear favorable for clinical practice, with a reasonably low rate of bleeding complications. Results of clinical outcome trials with a large enough sample size, along with detailed basic and translational research to further clarify the mechanism of action of vorapaxar, are eagerly awaited. Copyright © 2011 Prous Science, S.A.U. or its licensors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Novel oral antiplatelet agents$$$ One of the mainstays of the treatment of acute coronary syndromes is the interference of thrombus formation. Over the past few years, much research has been dedicated to understanding the cellular mechanisms involved in the development of thrombus. This research has resulted in the identification of new pharmacologic targets for drug advancement as well as the development of more sophisticated versions of previously existing medications. In this article, we review the literature on the newest advances in oral antiplatelet therapies. © Touchbriefings 2011. ER  - 
Antiplatelet and antithrombotic treatment after primary percutaneous coronary intervention: Balancing safety and efficacy$$$ Antiplatelet therapy has been shown to significantly reduce the risk of serious vascular events in high-risk patients, including those with a prior acute ischemic event. The long-term use of antiplatelet agents is a key component of secondary prevention measures following acute coronary syndromes, including ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction. While minimizing ischemic recurrences, an intensified antiplatelet regimen also invariably leads to an increased risk for bleeding, which can in turn lead to treatment discontinuation and worse overall cardiovascular outcomes. Thus, a critical balance between efficacy and safety must be pursued in clinical practice. Selection of agents and their combination, dose optimization, and a customized approach based on genotype or assessment of on-treatment phenotype are discussed in the context of available evidence. © 2010 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
[Thienopyridines in the treatment and prevention of cardiovascular diseases. Part V. Combination of clopidogrel and acetylsalicylic acid in the treatment of stable patients with atherothrombotic cardiovascular diseases].$$$ In a series of articles the authors consider clinical pharmacology and experience of clinical application of blockers of platelet P2Y12 receptors, most well known representatives of which ticlopidine and clopidogrel according to chemical structure belong to thienopyridine derivatives. In the fifth communication we consider data of two randomized studies in which efficacy and safety of clopidogrel in combination with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) has been assessed in comparison with ASA in stable patients with atherothrombotic cardiovascular disease. It has been shown in both studies that in stable patients with atherothrombotic cardiovascular disease long-term therapy with combination of clopidogrel and ASA was no more effective than monotherapy with ASA or clopidogrel but was associated with high risk of hemorrhagic complications. Thus contrary to acute coronary syndromes and percutaneous interventions with stenting combinations of clopidogrel and ASA is not indicated to patients with stable course cardiovascular diseases. ER  - 
Anti-platelet therapy and aspirin resistance - Clinically and chemically relevant?$$$ Platelets play a central role in the pathogenesis of the atherothrombosis which ultimately causes myocardial infarction, stroke and peripheral vascular disease. Commonly used oral anti-platelet drugs include aspirin (an irreversible inhibitor of cyclo-oxygenase), clopidogrel (an ADP receptor antagonist), other thienopyridines such as ticlopidine and prasgruel, and dipyridamole (an inhibitor of adenosine reuptake and platelet phosphodiesterase). Newer agents are in development and one, ticagrelor, a reversible ADP receptor antagonist has shown promise. Despite their proven benefit, recurrent vascular events still occur in those taking anti-platelet drugs. This has led to the concept of anti-platelet resistance, most commonly aspirin resistance as this drug is the cornerstone of most regimens. The causes of aspirin resistance are numerous but potential mechanisms include lack of patient adherence, non COX-1 mediated thromboxane A2 synthesis, increased activity of alternate platelet activation pathways, interference of aspirin action by other drugs and probably pharmacogenetic factors. Measurement of platelet response to aspirin is made possible using a number of in-vitro laboratory assays of platelet function which include measurement of thromboxane A2 metabolites as well as newer point-of-care assays of platelet aggregation. The phenomenon of aspirin resistance is important as it raises the possibility of developing strategies to identify those who respond best to a particular anti-platelet regimen, or to development of newer anti-platelet therapies to which more patients respond. This review discusses important aspects of aspirin resistance both in terms of clinical medicine, alternative anti-platelet strategies, and the potential to overcome its various causes. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Risk management of risk management: Combining proton pump inhibitors with low-dose aspirin$$$ Low-dose aspirin is widely used in the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular events, but is associated with a range of upper gastrointestinal side effects. In this review, we summarize the rationale for low-dose aspirin therapy, quantify the risk for upper gastrointestinal side effects, identify the risk factors involved, and provide an overview of preventive strategies, thereby focusing on the rationale and clinical utility of combining proton-pump inhibitors with low-dose aspirin. © 2010 Vonkeman et al. ER  - 
In vitro diagnostics in the development and use of cardiovascular medicines$$$ The list of potential cardiovascular biomarkers has expanded dramatically in recent years; however, the number of regulatory agency-approved diagnostic tests that guide treatment has been relatively unchanged compared with this growth in the discovery of putative biomarkers. Surrogate biochemical endpoints such as LDL and HDL are included in the current guidelines of various regulatory agencies for the management of cardiovascular diseases, as a result of many years of research. Inclusion of tests for these markers, as well as any future tests, in treatment guidelines requires data obtained from large-scale clinical trials comparing these endpoints with 'hard' clinical endpoints, such as morbidity and mortality. Consequently, current guidelines are limited to conventional in vitro tests and incorporate few novel tests for guiding or modifying treatment. Despite the failure to include newer in vitro tests in cardiovascular treatment and prevention paradigms, ongoing biomarker discovery and assay optimization has provided many improvements in drug discovery and development, and has afforded opportunities for the optimized medical treatment of patients with cardiovascular disease. © Thomson Reuters. ER  - 
Novel antiplatelet agents in the prevention of cardiovascular complications - focus on ticagrelor$$$ Atherothrombosis, thrombus formation as a result of atherosclerotic plaque rupture, is a major modern health problem, often underlying coronary artery disease, stroke, and peripheral arterial disease. After the treatment of an acute thrombotic episode, long-term therapy is warranted as a secondary prophylaxis of such events and their complications. Because of the importance of platelets' involvement in the initiation and propagation of thrombosis, antiplatelet drugs have come to the forefront of atherothrombotic disease treatment. Dual antiplatelet therapy of aspirin plus clopidogrel - the current standard - has its benefits, but it also has its limitations with regard to its pharmacologic properties and adverse effects. For these reasons, within the last decade or so, the investigation of novel antiplatelet agents has prospered. Here, we review the main pathways through which platelets participate in acute thrombosis and the interruption of these pathways by using novel antiplatelet agents, including P2Y12 receptor antagonists (the recently approved prasugrel, the probable next-in-line ticagrelor, and others). The need for a more individualized patient therapy is evident; although most of the aforementioned pharmaceuticals have the potential to contribute to this, their clinical utility remains to be seen. © 2010 Marczewski et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Ticagrelor: An investigational oral antiplatelet treatment for reduction of major adverse cardiac events in patients with acute coronary syndrome$$$ Acute coronary syndromes (ACS) are the leading cause of mortality and one of the main reasons for hospital admissions in the developed nations. Due to high rates of mortality and reinfarction, ACS represent a major public health concern. Platelets play a central role in atherothrombosis, the main pathologic substrate in ACS. Sufficient inhibition of platelet aggregation is therefore one of the key targets in the treatment of ACS. Blockade of the P2Y12 subtype of adenosine diphosphate (ADP) receptor on platelet cell membranes has been established as a key mechanism of platelet inhibition. Clopidogrel, an ADP receptor antagonist and a second-generation thienopyridine, has been demonstrated to be of clinical benefit in patients with ACS when added to aspirin. A delayed onset of action due to two-step conversion to the active metabolite, irreversible binding to P2Y12 receptors, and broad interindividual variability in levels of platelet response are the ain imitations of clopidogrel. Prasugrel, a novel thirdgeneration thienopyridine, provides faster and stronger inhibition of platelet aggregation than clopigodrel. However, like the active metabolite of clopidogrel, prasugrel binds irreversibly to the P2Y12 ADP receptor site, causing inhibition of platelet aggregation for the life of the platelet. Although in a randomized, double-blind trial prasugrel demonstrated superiority for multiple cardiovascular endpoints compared with standard-dose clopidogrel, it was also associated with an increased bleeding risk, including fatal bleeding. This review discusses the optimal antiplatelet regimens for management of patients with ACS, with special focus on ticagrelor, the first oral agent in a new chemical class of nonthienopyridine antiplatelet agents termed cyclopentyltriazolo- pyrimidines. Faster and greater platelet inhibition than clopidogrel, quick recovery of platelet function, and high efficacy regardless of clopidogrel response status, are the obvious advantages of ticagrelor as compared with thienopyridines. The prospective, randomized Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes trial has established the clinical utility, enhanced efficacy, and similar safety of ticagrelor as compared with clopidogrel in a wide range of patients with ACS managed with contemporary antithrombotic therapies and invasive strategies when indicated. Dyspnea, ventricular pauses ≥3 seconds, and elevation of serum creatinine and uric acid are the most common known adverse effects associated with ticagrelor, and require further comprehensive assessment. © 2010 Abergel and Nikolsky, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Reporting and interpretation of the CYP2C19 genotyping test for clopidogrel dosing$$$ Over the past several years, it has become evident that not all patients respond optimally to standard dosing of the antiplatelet medication clopidogrel. With the aid of pharmacogenetics research, polymorphisms in the CYP2C19 gene (*2, *3, *4, *5, *6, *7, *8) have been linked with the poor conversion of clopidogrel to its active metabolite and reduced clopidogrel efficacy. Poor response to clopidogrel therapy as evidenced by high platelet reactivity, particularly after stent implantation, has been linked with an increase in major adverse cardiac events. Intermediate and poor metabolism of clopidogrel can potentially be overcome with additional loading doses and higher maintenance doses, or switching to alternative antiplatelet medications. We suggest that the use of genotyping for guiding patient-specific pharmacotherapy is more useful and practical for clopidogrel than for warfarin but interpretation of the testing results can be difficult. To this end, a model for interpretation of pharmacogenetic testing results is proposed. Additionally, point-of-care testing, such as a P2Y12 inhibition assay, can reveal the percentage of platelet inhibition following clopidogrel dosing and is a tool that can be used to achieve optimal clopidogrel dosing. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Inhibition of the antithrombotic effects of clopidogrel by proton pump inhibitors: Facts or fancies?$$$ Clopidogrel plus aspirin is considered the antiplatelet treatment of choice in patients with acute coronary syndrome, whether or not they are undergoing a percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). The same treatment is mandatory in all patients undergoing a PCI with stent implantation. Clopidogrel is a pro-drug that needs metabolic activation through a cytochrome P450-dependent pathway, with an extensive involvement of the CYP 2C19 isoenzyme. Proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) reduce the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding in patients receiving dual antiplatelet therapy. In the past two years some scientific evidences have suggested a possible negative interference of PPIs on antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel because of the competitive inhibition of the CYP 2C19 isoenzyme. Few studies testing platelet reactivity in patients receiving both clopidogrel and a PPI have demonstrated a reduced inhibitory effect of the association on platelet aggregation. Moreover, results from retrospective observational studies have shown a higher incidence of major cardiovascular events in patients receiving both clopidogrel and PPIs. These data have not been confirmed neither by the only prospective randomized study comparing clopidogrel plus omeprazole with clopidogrel alone, nor by the retrospective analysis of the TRITON TIMI 38 trial, where PPIs did not affect the clinical outcome of patients given clopidogrel or prasugrel. Nevertheless both the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicines Agency (EMEA) have discouraged the concomitant use of clopidogrel and PPIs. Important questions concerning a true interference between the two classes of drugs still remain unanswered and need to be addressed by adequately powered studies. © 2010 European Federation of Internal Medicine. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Is it time to re-evaluate the routines about stopping/keeping platelet inhibitors in conjunction to ambulatory surgery?$$$ Purpose of Review: To assess the influence of antiplatelet drugs (APDs) in outpatients' perioperative care and to propose up-to-date management of those patients. Recent Findings: Evidence is spreading on the risk of adverse cardiovascular events (ACEs) when APD therapy is discontinued, specifically in patients with coronary stents. Conversely, maintaining such treatments throughout the operative period appears usually safe. Bridging with low-molecular-weight heparins poorly protects against ACEs. In outpatients, major surgical bleeding is rare, but sometimes a minor hemorrhage may jeopardize the success of a surgical procedure. Despite the paucity of properly sized randomized trials in this setting, recommendations have been issued by scientific societies and can be used as guidelines. Variability in APD efficiency is now better appraised, and research on versatile bedside testing of platelet function is active. New drugs are expected to be launched in the near future, all this aiming at improving individualized drug dosage and therefore both safety and efficiency of APD therapies. Summary: In surgical patients APD therapy should be maintained in all situations in which the risk of surgical bleeding is low, which is usually the case in the ambulatory setting. In clearly identified cases in which bleeding might threaten either the patient's life or the success of the surgical procedure in patients at high risk of ACE, the discontinuation protocol must be established in conjunction with the cardiologist and the APD therapy resumed as soon as possible. Bridging with low-molecular-weight heparins is not recommended. © 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Personalized approaches to clopidogrel therapy: Are we there yet?$$$ Clopidogrel is one of the most commonly prescribed medications worldwide. Recent advisories from the US Food and Drug Administration have drawn attention to the possibility of personalized decision-making for people who are candidates for clopidogrel. As is the case with antihypertensives, statins, and warfarin, common genetic sequence variants can influence clopidogrel metabolism and its effect on platelet activity. These genetic variants have, in multiple studies, been associated with adverse clinical outcomes. Concurrent medication use also influences how the body handles clopidogrel. Proton pump inhibitors, widely prescribed in conjunction with clopidogrel, may blunt its effectiveness. We address implications for bedside decision-making in light of accumulated data and current Food and Drug Administration advisories and conclude that genetic testing for CYP2C19 genotype and limitation of proton pump inhibitor interactions do not yet appear to offer an opportunity to optimize treatment given the current state of knowledge. © 2010 American Heart Association, Inc. ER  - 
Evidence-based management of ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI): Latest guidelines of the European Society of Cardiology (ESC) 2010$$$ Acute myocardial infarction and its consequences (death, chronic ischemic coronary artery disease, heart failure) are still the number 1 causes of death and of cardiovascular diseases in Germany. In this context, patients with STEMI are at the highest risk. The first-line management of STEMI patients often determines if the outcome is life or death. This overview presents the current optimal evidence-based management of STEMI patients as a practice-oriented extract according to the latest ESC guidelines, fully published some weeks ago (http://www.escardio.org). All efforts must be made to keep the respective time intervals between the onset of symptoms and the beginning of reperfusion therapy as short as possible, i.e. best within a dedicated STEMI network. Two of the time intervals are particularly essential: the time delay between the onset of symptoms and the first medical contact (FMC) and the time delay between FMC and the beginning of reperfusion. The time delay between the onset of symptoms and FMC depends on the patient as well as on the organization of the emergency medical service (EMS). Unfortunately, too many patients/bystanders still hesitate to immediately call the EMS. More intense measures must therefore be taken to educate the public. The optimal FMC by medical doctors or paramedics reacts quickly and ideally arrives with ECG equipment for immediate diagnosis of STEMI (persistent ST-segment elevation or presumably new left bundle branch block) before hospital admission. Unfortunately in many cases, the FMC is the emergency room of a hospital. Further decisions can be made without laboratory findings. In Germany, the average time delay between onset of symptoms and FMC is 100 min and therefore longer than in some other European countries. The next critical time interval is that between FMC and the beginning of reperfusion: this interval depends solely on the EMS organization and the distance to the next catheter laboratory with 24 h PCI (percutaneous coronary intervention) availability. The key question for further decisions is whether a primary PCI can be performed within 120 min after FMC. If so, the primary PCI should definitively be preferred. In patients <75 years presenting with a large anterior infarction within 2 h after onset of symptoms, this time interval should not exceed 90 min. For primary PCI an often used measure of quality is the "door-to-balloon" time, which should of course be as short as possible. Therefore, patients with STEMI should be admitted directly to the catheterization laboratory bypassing the emergency room or intensive care unit. In Germany, the average time interval between FMC and start of primary PCI is approximately 120 min just at the upper limit of the guideline recommendations. Some other European countries report a significantly shorter corresponding time delay. If primary PCI is not possible within 120 min (or 90 min) after FMC, thrombolysis must be initiated within 30 min after FMC, either in the EMS ambulance or in a nearby non-PCI hospital. A thrombolytic therapy, however, even if "successful", is not the final therapy: within 24 h (but not before 3 h) cardiac catheterization has to be performed with PCI, if applicable. Analyzing the overall revascularization rates in Germany, 81% receive primary PCI, 7% thrombolysis and 12% no reperfusion therapy. Regarding any reperfusion in STEMI, Germany holds the third place after the Czech Republic and Belgium. Patients presenting at 12-24 h after onset of symptoms or later may possibly benefit from a PCI, even if already asymptomatic, if signs of ischemia/viability in the infarct artery-related area are demonstrable. If this cannot be shown, PCI in these patients is not indicated. The first-line medication aims at dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) and anticoagulation. For DAPT, the combination of ASA with a thienopyridine is mandatory. If primary PCI is feasible, DAPT with prasugrel (loading dose of 60 mg, independent of age and weight) is preferred due to its faster onset of action and superior effectiveness over clopidogrel (loading dose of 600 mg). In patients with STEMI, prasugrel when compared to clopidogrel significantly reduced nonfatal myocardial infarction after 15 months from 9.0% to 6.8% and stent thrombosis significantly from 2.8% to 1.6% (ARC definite/probable). If, however, there are contraindications against prasugrel (s/p stroke or TIA) or if thrombolysis had to be performed, clopidogrel is the choice for DAPT. The i.v. administration of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors (GPI) has been limited to only those patients with a high intracoronary thrombus burden. The upstream application of GPI is not recommended. Recommendations for the mechanical treatment of thrombus burden include manual thrombus aspiration (which was upgraded) and a mesh-based protection stent device (MGuard™). For anticoagulation, unfractionated heparin (UFH) is recommended as always but bivalirudin is an upcoming alternative, either in the catheterization laboratory on top after an EMS-delivered UFH bolus or as a possible first-line monotherapy. Bivalirudin may be preferred in STEMI patients with a high risk of bleeding. To prevent possible thrombotic events after PCI, bivalirudin should be continued for several hours after primary PCI. Regardless of whether PCI or thrombolysis was the first-line therapy and regardless of whether a stent (BMS or DES) was implanted, DAPT should be continued for 12 months with prasugrel 10 mg/day (or 5 mg/day, if ∼75 years old and/or <60 kg body weight) or clopidogrel (75 mg/day). There is no evidence that higher maintenance doses of clopidogrel may circumvent possible clopidogrel resistance. The usefulness of so far non-standardized in-vitro platelet aggregation measurements or the practice-oriented interpretation of genetic tests for CYP2C19 polymorphism is unknown. With the 12 months DAPT the patient is treated not the stent. © 2010 Urban & Vogel, Muenchen. ER  - 
Effect of intrinsic and extrinsic factors on the clinical pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of Prasugrel$$$ Thienopyridines are inactive prodrugs that are converted in vivo to active metabolites, which irreversibly bind to and inactivate platelet P2Y12 receptors, and inhibit platelet activation and aggregation. Prasugrel is a third-generation thienopyridine, recently approved for prevention of thrombotic cardiovascular complications in patients with an acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. Prasugrel is converted to its active metabolite (Pras-AM; compound R-138727) in two sequential steps: (i) rapid and complete hydrolysis by intestinal human carboxylesterase-2 to form a thiolactone intermediate; and (ii) oxidation of the thiolactone by cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes in the gut andor the liver. CYP3A and CYP2B6 are the primary CYPs contributing to Pras-AM formation, with smaller contributions from CYP2C9 and CYP2C19. Prasugrel is rapidly absorbed and metabolized, with Pras-AM plasma concentrations peaking at about 0.5 hours after oral administration; this helps to account for the rapid onset of inhibition of platelet aggregation (IPA) achieved by prasugrel.In the clinical pharmacology programme for prasugrel, bodyweight had the greatest effect of all covariates that were tested. In the phase III TRITON-TIMI 38 trial, the mean exposure to Pras-AM was 42 greater in patients weighing <60kg than in patients with the study population median bodyweight of 85kg. In a pharmacodynamic meta-analysis of data from healthy subjects a decrease of 1kg in bodyweight was associated with an increase in IPA of approximately 0.26 percentage points (p<0.0001). Pras-AM exposure was greater in subjects aged ≥75 years, but exposure differences were not as large as those for bodyweight. Pras-AM exposure was greater in Asians than in Caucasians, but this appeared to result from a disproportionately greater exposure difference in Asian subjects with low bodyweight. Sex and allelic variation in CYPs 1A2, 2B6, 2C19, 2C9, 3A4 and 3A5 appeared to have no clinically relevant effect on Pras-AM exposure or IPA. Consistent with the lack of association between genetic status and these pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic results in healthy subjects, no significant association was detected between these allelic variants and the composite primary endpoint (cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction or non-fatal stroke) in the TRITON-TIMI 38 trial. Studies in renally impaired subjects and subjects with mild or moderate hepatic impairment have indicated that dose adjustment is not required in these patient populations.Prasugrel has few clinically significant drug-drug interactions. Potent CYP3A inhibitors, gastric acid suppressants and food have been shown to reduce the rate of formation of Pras-AM but not its overall exposure. This pharmacokinetic effect reduced the rate of onset of IPA after a loading dose but did not affect the peak IPA after a loading dose or the IPA during maintenance dosing. Potent induction of CYP3A, as well as smoking which induces CYP1A2 did not affect Pras-AM exposure or IPA. Prior treatment with clopidogrel did not influence tolerability to prasugrel and did not appear to alter IPA during prasugrel treatment. Prasugrel did not affect the activities of CYP2C9, CYP2C19 or P-glycoprotein, but it weakly inhibited CYP2B6. The inhibition of CYP2B6 is potentially clinically significant only for drugs that have a narrow therapeutic window and have CYP2B6 as the primary elimination pathway. No interaction was detected between prasugrel and heparin. Although prasugrel did not alter warfarin pharmacokinetics, prasugrel and warfarin should not be used together, because of an increased bleeding risk associated with their concomitant use. © 2010 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in patients with ST-elevation acute coronary syndromes intended for reperfusion with primary percutaneous coronary intervention: A platelet inhibition and patient outcomes (PLATO) trial subgroup analysis$$$ Background-: Aspirin and clopidogrel are recommended for patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) or undergoing coronary stenting. Ticagrelor, a reversible oral P2Y12-receptor antagonist, provides faster, greater, and more consistent platelet inhibition than clopidogrel and may be useful for patients with acute ST-segment elevation (STE) ACS and planned primary percutaneous coronary intervention. Methods and result-: Platelet Inhibition and Patient Outcomes (PLATO), a randomized, double-blind trial, compared ticagrelor with clopidogrel for the prevention of vascular events in 18 624 ACS patients. This report concerns the 7544 ACS patients with STE or left bundle-branch block allocated to either ticagrelor 180-mg loading dose followed by 90 mg twice daily or clopidogrel 300-mg loading dose (with provision for 300 mg clopidogrel at percutaneous coronary intervention) followed by 75 mg daily for 6 to 12 months. The reduction of the primary end point (myocardial infarction, stroke, or cardiovascular death) with ticagrelor versus clopidogrel (10.8% versus 9.4%; hazard ratio [HR], 0.87; 95% confidence interval, 0.75 to 1.01; P=0.07) was consistent with the overall PLATO results. There was no interaction between presentation with STE/left bundle-branch block and randomized treatment (interaction P=0.29). Ticagrelor reduced several secondary end points, including myocardial infarction alone (HR, 0.80; P=0.03), total mortality (HR, 0.82; P=0.05), and definite stent thrombosis (HR, 0.66; P=0.03). The risk of stroke, low in both groups, was higher with ticagrelor (1.7% versus 1.0%; HR,1.63; 95% confidence interval, 1.07 to 2.48; P=0.02). Ticagrelor did not affect major bleeding (HR, 0.98; P=0.76). Conclusion-: In patients with STE-ACS and planned primary percutaneous coronary intervention, the effects of ticagrelor were consistent with those observed in the overall PLATO trial. © 2010 American Heart Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Prostanoid and TP-receptors in atherothrombosis: Is there a role for their antagonism?$$$ Atherosclerosis and its clinical manifestations (i.e. myocardial infarction, stroke) are major causes of mortality and morbidity in Western countries. Endothelial dysfunction is considered the first step in the cascade leading up to coronary events. Increasing evidence suggests that direct inhibition of thromboxane A2/prostaglandin (TP)-receptors may not only have anti-platelet effects but also impact endothelial dysfunction as well as inflammatory component of atherosclerosis. While TP-receptor involvement in platelet function has received the greatest attention, more recent findings support the critical role of TP-receptor in other pathophysiological aspects of atherothrombosis. Prostanoids (i.e. TxA2, F2-isoprostanes, prostaglandins endoperoxides PGG2/PGH2) are known to promote the initiation and progression of atherosclerosis, not only via platelet activation, but through leukocyte-endothelial interactions and vasoconstriction. Dysfunctional endothelium, characterised by increased COX-activity, releases prostanoids that promote endothelial exposure to adhesion molecules and induce smooth muscle cell contraction. Plaque macrophages synthesise PGH2/PGG2 via COX-2; these potent prostanoids can trigger platelet activation and aggregation despite COX-1 inhibition by aspirin. TP-receptor inhibition has been reported to exert anti-atherosclerotic effects in pre-clinical model of disease. Reduction of plaque burden was associated with plaque stabilisation documented by the reduction in the content of macrophages, apoptotic cells, MMPs and endothelin-1, and the increase in smooth muscle cells content. TP-receptor blockade might have an anti-atherosclerotic and plaque stabilisation effect. The possibility of combining anti-platelet activity with an anti-atherosclerotic effect via selective TP-receptor inhibitors could have important implications especially in clinical conditions associated with increased production of prostanoids, such as diabetes. © Schattauer 2010. ER  - 
Blood transfusion and the anaesthetist: Management of massive haemorrhage$$$ 1. Hospitals must have a major haemorrhage protocol in place and this should include clinical, laboratory and logistic responses. 2. Immediate control of obvious bleeding is of paramount importance (pressure, tourniquet, haemostatic dressings). 3. The major haemorrhage protocol must be mobilised immediately when a massive haemorrhage situation is declared. 4. A fibrinogen < 1 g.l-1 or a prothrombin time (PT) and activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT) of > 1.5 times normal represents established haemostatic failure and is predictive of microvascular bleeding. Early infusion of fresh frozen plasma (FFP; 15 ml.kg-1) should be used to prevent this occurring if a senior clinician anticipates a massive haemorrhage. 5. Established coagulopathy will require more than 15 ml.kg-1 of FFP to correct. The most effective way to achieve fibrinogen replacement rapidly is by giving fibrinogen concentrate or cryoprecipitate if fibrinogen is unavailable. 6. 1:1:1 red cell:FFP:platelet regimens, as used by the military, are reserved for the most severely traumatised patients. 7. A minimum target platelet count of 75 × 109.l-1 is appropriate in this clinical situation. 8. Group-specific blood can be issued without performing an antibody screen because patients will have minimal circulating antibodies. O negative blood should only be used if blood is needed immediately. 9. In hospitals where the need to treat massive haemorrhage is frequent, the use of locally developed shock packs may be helpful. 10. Standard venous thromboprophylaxis should be commenced as soon as possible after haemostasis has been secured as patients develop a prothrombotic state following massive haemorrhage. © 2010 The Association of Anaesthetists of Great Britain and Ireland. ER  - 
Elinogrel potassium: Receptor antagonist antiplatelet therapy$$$ (Chemical Equation Presented) The pharmacological management of cardiovascular disease patients with antiplatelet therapy has undergone dramatic changes in recent years with the development of new and more potent P2Y 12 receptor antagonists. These agents have been developed to address the limitations of the most widely used P2Y12 receptor antagonist, clopidogrel. Among the limitations of clopidogrel addressed are response variability and resistance. The latter has been linked to ischemic event occurrence and stent thrombosis in patients treated with percutaneous intervention (PCI). The irreversible effect of clopidogrel is problematic in patients needing urgent surgery. Treatment with the recently approved third-generation thienopyridine prasugrel was associated with less ischemic event occurrence and stent thrombosis compared to clopidogrel therapy in patients with acute coronary artery syndrome (ACS) undergoing PCI. However, greater bleeding, including life-threatening and fatal bleeding, was observed in the prasugrel-treated patients. Ticagrelor is a member of a new class of P2Y12 inhibitors, the cyclopentyl-triazolo-pyrimidines (CPTP), the first direct-acting, reversiblybinding, noncompetitive P2Y12 receptor antagonist. Ticagrelor therapy resulted in less ischemic event occurrence than clopidogrel in ACS patients. An important potential advantage of ticagrelor is lower mortality and less coronary artery bypass graft-related bleeding than clopidogrel. However, ticagrelor therapy was associated with dyspnea in both phase II and III clinical trials. Cangrelor, an adenosine triphosphate (ATP) analogue, is a parenteral, direct, competitive and reversible P2Y12 inhibitor associated with rapid onset and offset of platelet inhibition (within minutes). However, in phase III trials cangrelor was not superior to placebo in reducing ischemic events in patients undergoing PCI who were treated with clopidogrel alone. Elinogrel (PRT-060128) is a novel, direct-acting, competitive and reversible P2Y12 receptor antagonist. Elinogrel is a first-in-class sulfonylurea that may be administered intravenously or orally. The latter route of administration may facilitate the transition from immediate to long-term therapy. Results from the INNOVATE-PCI (phase II) trial regarding the safety and antiplatelet efficacy of elinogrel compared to clopidogrel will be published soon. Copyright © 2010 Prous Science, S.A.U. or its licensors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
One-year cost-effectiveness of cytochrome P450 2C19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy in patients with acute coronary syndromes in the United Kingdom$$$ OBJECTIVES: Cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) genotype has been shown to affect cardiovascular (CV) outcomes for clopidogrel but not prasugrel. This study evaluates the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) of CYP2C19-guided vs. routine antiplatelet therapy in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients in the UK. METHODS: We constructed a literature-based, decision analytic, Markov model to estimate the annual cost-effectiveness of CYP2C19-guided aspirin plus either clopidogrel or prasugrel therapy vs. no genotyping. Post-initial ACS CV events were based on the TRITON-TIMI 38 study and genetic substudy. Cost data sources were: National Health Service (NHS) reference cost for 2008-09-nonfatal MI and stroke, CV death, intracranial hemorrhage, other life-threatening bleed, and minor bleed; Drug Tariff 2009-drugs; www.genetic-health.co.uk/-CYP2C19 genotyping; or USbased reference pricing converted to £ using appropriate exchange rates -monthly CV disease maintenance cost. Disease-state utilities were obtained from published sources. The model allowed for clopidogrel/prasugrel discontinuation and aspirin monotherapy. Model sensitivity was assessed using 1-way analysis of parameters varied by quartile or at least +/? 25%. RESULTS: The analysis demonstrated an increase in incremental cost (£81); greater incremental QALY (0.05); and an ICER £1529/QALY for CYP2C19 genotype-guided therapy over 12 months. The model was most sensitive to monthly CV care cost, NFMI cost, proportion of patients on clopidogrel, and lifethreatening bleeding cost. The model was least sensitive to the cost of clopidogrel, prasugrel, or CYP2C19 genotyping. CONCLUSIONS: The model-based ICER of £1,529/QALY for the CYP2C19 testing strategy is significantly less than the UK threshold of £20,000 that is considered good value. CYP2C19 genotype-guided clopidogrel or prasugrel therapy is cost-effective for up to 1 year in ACS patients in theUK. ER  - 
Effects of CYP2C19 genotype on outcomes of clopidogrel treatment$$$ BACKGROUND: It has been suggested that clopidogrel may be less effective in reducing the rate of cardiovascular events among persons who are carriers of loss-of-function CYP2C19 alleles that are associated with reduced conversion of clopidogrel to its active metabolite. METHODS: We genotyped patients from two large, randomized trials that showed that clopidogrel, as compared with placebo, reduced the rate of cardiovascular events (the primary efficacy outcome) among patients with acute coronary syndromes and among patients with atrial fibrillation. Patients were genotyped for three single-nucleotide polymorphisms (*2, *3, *17) that define the major CYP2C19 alleles. RESULTS: Among 5059 genotyped patients with acute coronary syndromes, clopidogrel as compared with placebo significantly reduced the rate of the primary efficacy outcome, irrespective of the genetically determined metabolizer phenotype (P = 0.12 for heterogeneity). The effect of clopidogrel in reducing the rate of the primary efficacy outcome was similar in patients who were heterozygous or homozygous for loss-offunction alleles and in those who were not carriers of the alleles (rate among carriers, 8.0% with clopidogrel vs. 11.6% with placebo; hazard ratio with clopidogrel, 0.69; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.49 to 0.98; rate among noncarriers, 9.5% vs. 13.0%; hazard ratio, 0.72; 95% CI, 0.59 to 0.87). In contrast, gain-of-function carriers derived more benefit from clopidogrel treatment as compared with placebo than did noncarriers (rate of primary outcome among carriers, 7.7% vs. 13.0%; hazard ratio, 0.55; 95% CI, 0.42 to 0.73; rate among noncarriers, 10.0% vs. 12.2%; hazard ratio, 0.85; 95% CI, 0.68 to 1.05; P = 0.02 for interaction). The effect of clopidogrel on bleeding did not vary according to genotypic subgroups. Among 1156 genotyped patients with atrial fibrillation, there was no evidence of an interaction with respect to either efficacy or bleeding between the study treatment and the metabolizer phenotype, loss-of-function carrier status, or gain-of-function carrier status. CONCLUSIONS: Among patients with acute coronary syndromes or atrial fibrillation, the effect of clopidogrel as compared with placebo is consistent, irrespective of CYP2C19 lossof-function carrier status. (Funded by Sanofi-Aventis and Bristol-Myers Squibb; ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00249873.) Copyright © 2010 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
Reduced-function CYP2C19 genotype and risk of adverse clinical outcomes among patients treated with clopidogrel predominantly for PCI: A meta-analysis$$$ Content: Clopidogrel, one of the most commonly prescribed medications, is a prodrug requiring CYP450 biotransformation. Data suggest its pharmacologic effect varies based on CYP2C19 genotype, but there is uncertainty regarding the clinical risk imparted by specific genotypes. Objective: To define the risk of major adverse cardiovascular outcomes among carriers of 1 (≈26% prevalence in whites) and carriers of 2 (≈2% prevalence in whites) reduced-function CYP2C19 genetic variants in patients treated with clopidogrel. Data Sources and Study Selection: A literature search was conducted (January 2000-August 2010) in MEDLINE, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, and EMBASE. Genetic studies were included in which clopidogrel was initiated in predominantly invasively managed patients in a manner consistent with the current guideline recommendations and in which clinical outcomes were ascertained. Data Extraction: Investigators from 9 studies evaluating CYP2C19 genotype and clinicaloutcomesin patients treated with clopidogrel contributed the relevant hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for specific cardiovascular outcomes by genotype. Results: Among 9685 patients (91.3% who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention and 54.5% who had an acute coronary syndrome), 863 experienced the composite end point of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke; and 84 patients had stent thrombosis among the 5894 evaluated for such. Overall, 71.5% were noncarriers, 26.3% had 1 reduced-function CYP2C19 allele, and 2.2% had 2 reduced-function CYP2C19 alleles. A significantly increased risk of the composite end point was evident in both carriers of 1 (HR, 1.55; 95% CI, 1.11-2.17; P=.01) and 2 (HR, 1.76; 95% CI, 1.24-2.50; P=.002) reduced-function CYP2C19 alleles, as compared with noncarriers. Similarly, there was a significantly increased risk of stent thrombosis in both carriers of 1 (HR, 2.67; 95% CI, 1.69-4.22; P<.0001) and 2 (HR, 3.97; 95% CI, 1.75-9.02; P=.001) CYP2C19 reduced-function alleles, as compared with noncarriers. Conclusion: Among patients treated with clopidogrel for percutaneous coronary intervention, carriage of even 1 reduced-function CYP2C19 allele appears to be associated with a significantly increased risk of major adverse cardiovascular events, particularly stent thrombosis. ©2010 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long-term clinical outcome based on aspirin and clopidogrel responsiveness status after elective percutaneous coronary intervention: A 3T/2R (Tailoring Treatment with Tirofiban in Patients Showing Resistance to Aspirin and/or resistance to Clopidogrel) trial substudy$$$ Objectives The purpose of this study was to investigate the long-term outcome after elective percutaneous coronary intervention in low-risk patients screened for aspirin and/or clopidogrel responsiveness in the 3T/2R (Tailoring Treatment With Tirofiban in Patients Showing Resistance to Aspirin and/or Resistance to Clopidogrel) trial. Background The impact of aspirin and/or clopidogrel poor response on long-term outcome is debated. Methods Aspirin and clopidogrel response was measured with the VerifyNow system aspirin and P2Y12 assays. After percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), death, stroke, and myocardial infarction were assessed up to 1 year. Results Overall, 1,277 patients were screened, and 826 (65%) were treated with PCI. In all, 124 patients were found to be aspirin poor responders, and there were 179 clopidogrel poor responders (totally, 278 poor responders). The 1-year end point was significantly higher in poor responders as compared to full responders (15.8% vs. 8.6%, p = 0.002), which is principally due to more myocardial infarction occurrence. At multivariable analysis, clopidogrel poor response emerged as an independent predictor (hazard ratio: 1.15, 95% confidence interval: 1.03 to 1.28). Receiver-operator characteristic analysis identifies ≤23 of percentage of platelet inhibition and <208 of P2Y<inf>12</inf> reactivity units as optimal cut offs to predict 1-year end point. Excluding periprocedural events, also peri-PCI myocardial infarction, which is strongly related to aspirin/clopidogrel poor response, was an independent predictor (hazard ratio: 1.25, 95% confidence interval: 1.14 to 1.37). Glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitor administration reduces this risk in poor responders (21.2% vs. 34.7%, p = 0.02), but not in full responders (6.3% vs. 6.5%, p = 0.8). Conclusions Poor response to clopidogrel is an independent predictor of periprocedural myocardial infarction and worse 1-year outcome in low-risk patients undergoing PCI, whereas poor response to aspirin failed to predict a worse outcome. Contrary to what was observed in poor responders, glycoprotein IIb/IIa inhibitor therapy failed to provide a benefit in aspirin and/or clopidogrel full responders. © 2010 American College of Cardiology Foundation. ER  - 
Roles and interactions among protease-activated receptors and P2ry12 in hemostasis and thrombosis$$$ Toward understanding their redundancies and interactions in hemostasis and thrombosis, we examined the roles of thrombin receptors (protease-activated receptors, PARs) and the ADP receptor P2RY12 (purinergic receptor P2Y G protein-coupled 12) in human and mouse platelets ex vivo and in mouse models. Par3-/- and Par4+/- mouse platelets showed partially decreased responses to thrombin, resembling those in PAR1 antagonist-treated human platelets. P2ry12+/- mouse platelets showed partially decreased responses to ADP, resembling those in clopidogrel-treated human platelets. Par3-/- mice showed nearly complete protection against carotid artery thrombosis caused by low FeCl3 injury. Par4+/- and P2ry12 +/- mice showed partial protection. Increasing FeCl3 injury abolished such protection; combining partial attenuation of thrombin and ADP signaling, as in Par3-/-:P2ry12+/- mice, restored it. Par4 -/- mice, which lack platelet thrombin responses, showed still better protection. Our data suggest that (i) the level of thrombin driving platelet activation and carotid thrombosis was low at low levels of arterial injury and increased along with the contribution of thrombin-independent pathways of platelet activation with increasing levels of injury; (ii) although P2ry12 acts downstream of PARs to amplify platelet responses to thrombin ex vivo, P2ry12 functioned in thrombin/PAR-independent pathways in our in vivo models; and (iii) P2ry12 signaling was more important than PAR signaling in hemostasis models; the converse was noted for arterial thrombosis models. These results make predictions being tested by ongoing human trials and suggest hypotheses for new antithrombotic strategies. ER  - 
Genetic variants in ABCB1 and CYP2C19 and cardiovascular outcomes after treatment with clopidogrel and prasugrel in the TRITON-TIMI 38 trial: A pharmacogenetic analysis$$$ Background Clopidogrel and prasugrel are subject to efflux via P-glycoprotein (encoded by ABCB1, also known as MDR1). ABCB1 polymorphisms, particularly 3435C→T, may affect drug transport and efficacy. We aimed to assess the effect of this polymorphism by itself and alongside variants in CYP2C19 on cardiovascular outcomes in patients treated with clopidogrel or prasugrel in TRITON-TIMI 38. We also assessed the effect of genotype on the pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties of these drugs in healthy individuals. Methods We genotyped ABCB1 in 2932 patients with acute coronary syndromes undergoing percutaneous intervention who were treated with clopidogrel (n=1471) or prasugrel (n=1461) in the TRITON-TIMI 38 trial. We evaluated the association between ABCB1 3435C→T and rates of the primary efficacy endpoint (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke) until 15 months. We then assessed the combined effect of ABCB1 3435C→T genotype and reduced-function alleles of CYP2C19. 321 healthy individuals were also genotyped, and we tested the association of genetic variants with reduction in maximum platelet aggregation and plasma concentrations of active drug metabolites. Findings In patients treated with clopidogrel, ABCB1 3435C→T genotype was significantly associated with the risk of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke (p=0·0064). TT homozygotes had a 72 increased risk of the primary endpoint compared with CT/CC individuals (Kaplan-Meier event rates 12·9 [52 of 414] vs 7·8 [80 of 1057 participants]; HR 1·72, 95 CI 1·22-2·44, p=0·002). ABCB1 3435C→T and CYP2C19 genotypes were significant, independent predictors of the primary endpoint, and 681 (47) of the 1454 genotyped patients taking clopidogrel who were either CYP2C19 reduced-function allele carriers, ABCB1 3435 TT homozygotes, or both were at increased risk of the primary endpoint (HR 1·97, 95 CI 1·38-2·82, p=0·0002). In healthy participants, 3435 TT homozygotes had an absolute reduction in maximum platelet aggregation with clopidogrel that was 7·3 percentage points less than for CT/CC individuals (p=0·0127). ABCB1 genotypes were not significantly associated with clinical or pharmacological outcomes in patients with an acute coronary syndrome or healthy individuals treated with prasugrel, respectively. Interpretation Individuals with the ABCB1 3435 TT genotype have reduced platelet inhibition and are at increased risk of recurrent ischaemic events during clopidogrel treatment. In patients with acute coronary syndromes who have undergone percutaneous intervention, when both ABCB1 and CYP2C19 are taken into account, nearly half of the population carries a genotype associated with increased risk of major adverse cardiovascular events while on standard doses of clopidogrel. Funding Daiichi Sankyo Company Ltd and Eli Lilly and Company. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effect of CYP2C19 and ABCB1 single nucleotide polymorphisms on outcomes of treatment with ticagrelor versus clopidogrel for acute coronary syndromes: A genetic substudy of the PLATO trial$$$ Background In the PLATO trial of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel for treatment of acute coronary syndromes, ticagrelor reduced the composite outcome of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, and stroke, but increased events of major bleeding related to non-coronary artery bypass graft (CABG). CYP2C19 and ABCB1 genotypes are known to influence the effects of clopidogrel. In this substudy, we investigated the effects of these genotypes on outcomes between and within treatment groups. Methods DNA samples obtained from patients in the PLATO trial were genotyped for CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles (*2,*3,*4,*5,*6,*7, and*8), the CYP2C19 gain-of-function allele*17, and the ABCB1 single nucleotide polymorphism 3435C→T. For the CYP2C19 genotype, patients were stratified by the presence or absence of any loss-of-function allele, and for the ABCB1 genotype, patients were stratified by predicted gene expression (high, intermediate, or low). The primary efficacy endpoint was the composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke after up to 12 months' treatment with ticagrelor or clopidogrel. Findings 10 285 patients provided samples for genetic analysis. The primary outcome occurred less often with ticagrelor versus clopidogrel, irrespective of CYP2C19 genotype: 8·6 versus 11·2 (hazard ratio 0·77, 95 CI 0·60-0·99, p=0·0380) in patients with any loss-of-function allele; and 8·8 versus 10·0 (0·86, 0·74-1·01, p=0·0608) in those without any loss-of-function allele (interaction p=0·46). For the ABCB1 genotype, event rates for the primary outcome were also consistently lower in the ticagrelor than in the clopidogrel group for all genotype groups (interaction p=0·39; 8·8 vs 11·9; 0·71, 0·55-0·92 for the high-expression genotype). In the clopidogrel group, the event rate at 30 days was higher in patients with than in those without any loss-of-function CYP2C19 alleles (5·7 vs 3·8, p=0·028), leading to earlier separation of event rates between treatment groups in patients with loss-of-function alleles. Patients on clopidogrel who had any gain-of-function CYP2C19 allele had a higher frequency of major bleeding (11·9) than did those without any gain-of-function or loss-of-function alleles (9·5; p=0·022), but interaction between treatment and genotype groups was not significant for any type of major bleeding. Interpretation Ticagrelor is a more efficacious treatment for acute coronary syndromes than is clopidogrel, irrespective of CYP2C19 and ABCB1 polymorphisms. Use of ticagrelor instead of clopidogrel eliminates the need for presently recommended genetic testing before dual antiplatelet treatment. Funding AstraZeneca. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd All rights reserved. ER  - 
Poor response to clopidogrel: Current and future options for its management$$$ Antiplatelet therapy is the cornerstone of treatment for patients with acute coronary syndromes and/or undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions (PCI). Clopidogrel, a thienopyridine antiplatelet agent, has been used to prevent vascular complication in atherothrombotic patients, to prevent stent trombosis in patients undergoing PCI, and in long term prevention of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events. More than 40 million patients in the world receive clopidogrel but unfortunately about 20% of these are either non or poor responders. Several methods have been used to assess clopidogrel-induced antiplatelet effects. However, none of these tests have been fully standardized or fully agreed upon to measure clopidogrel responsiveness. Nevertheless, many studies using different techniques, platelet agonists and definitions, showed that patients with a poor response to clopidogrel have an increased risk of death, reinfarction and stent thrombosis. The mechanisms leading to poor responsiveness are not fully clarified and are likely multifactorial: genetic factors, accelerated platelet turnover, up-regulation of the P2Y12 pathways, high baseline platelet reactivity, poor compliance, under-dosing and drug-drug interactions. The management of these patients is very difficult, but some evidence showed that a strategy of higher maintenance dose or switch to different thienopyridine (e.g. ticlopidine or prasugrel) or use of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors during PCI may be helpful to overcome poor responsiveness and improve the long-term clinical outcome. This paper reviews the impact of clopidogrel poor responsiveness on clinical outcomes, the mechanisms leading to poor effect and the different assays to assess it. Finally, current and future options for its management is discussed. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Impaired P2Y12 inhibition contributes to increased cardiovascular events following prehospital administration of clopidogrel in patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction$$$ Background: P2Y12 inhibition by clopidogrel is the standard treatment in patients following percutaneous coronary interventions and/or myocardial infarction (MI). Current guidelines recommend the administration of a loading dose as early as possible. However, acute coronary syndrome has been reported as a risk factor for impaired responsiveness to clopidogrel. We tested the effectiveness of prehospital clopidogrel loading in ST-segment elevation MI (STEMI) patients. Methods: Blood was collected from 54 patients with acute STEMI admitted for urgent coronary intervention. 50 patients with stable coronary artery disease were used as controls. Responsiveness to clopidogrel was assessed 24 hours after the administration of the loading dose using the P2Y12-specific platelet-reactivity-index (PRI). 33 STEMI patients had received the loading dose at first medical contact outside the intervention centre, 21 STEMI patients received the loading dose peri-interventional at the catheterization laboratory. A PRI > 50% was considered as a suboptimal inhibition of P2Y12. Results: Overall response was impaired in STEMI patients vs. controls (PRI [Mean±SEM]: STEMI 58±2%, Control 43±2%, p<0.0001). Patients loaded at first medical contact had a significantly weaker platelet inhibition by clopidogrel 24 hours following loading (PRI 62±3%) compared to those loaded in the catheterization laboratory (PRI 53±3%, p = 0.0079). Patients receiving clopidogrel loading prehospitally and displaying a PRI > 50% had a worse outcome defined by a composite end-point of death, cardiac arrest, recurrent myocardial infarction, stroke, and cardiovascular rehospitalisation (p = 0.022 PRI≤50% vs. PRI > 50%; p = 0.0177 prehospital vs. periinterventional). Conclusion: Application of clopidogrel at pre-hospital conditions in STEMI patients is associated with impaired responsiveness and higher rates of suboptimal platelet inhibition. This was associated with increased cardiovascular events. ER  - 
Future stroke prevention trials with novel antithrombotic drugs$$$ Evidence-based guidelines have been published by a variety of organizations regarding prevention of recurrent stroke. Anticoagulants are recommended to reduce the risk of a recurrent stroke for survivors of cardiomebolic stroke, but have not been found to be better than antiplatelet agents for non-cardioembolic stroke. Current antiplatelet options after non-cardioembolic stroke include aspirin (ASA, 50 mg to 325 mg/day), the combination of low-dose aspirin and extended-release dipyridamole (ASA + ER-DP), and clopidogrel (CP) alone. New antithrombotic options are undergoing evaluation. In the setting of acute TIA or minor ischemic stroke, the POINT (Platelet-Oriented Inhibition in New TIA) trial is evaluating clopidogrel and aspirin compared with aspirin. The platelet P2Y12 receptor is a target for developing antiplatelet agents, such as the thienopyridines (ticlopidine and clopidogrel). Due to the relatively slow onset of action and issues regarding clopidogrel resistance, other novel P2Y12 antagonists have been under investigation. These include: (i) prasugrel, an orally-administered thienopyridine prodrug; (ii) ticagrelor (AZD6140), an ATP analog reversible P2Y12 antagonist; (iii) cangrelor, an intravenously-administered reversible P2Y12 antagonist; (iv) PRT060128. These are being evaluated in a number of settings which may eventually include stroke. New alternatives to traditional Vitamin K antagonists are also being tested for patients with cardioembolic TIA or ischemic stroke. Dabigatran etexilate, a direct thrombin inhibitor, has demonstrated efficacy compared to warfarin. Other new anticoagulants, including the oral factor Xa inhibitors, rivaroxaban, apixaban, and edoxaban, the parenteral factor Xa inhibitor, idrabiotaparinux, and the novel VKA, tecarfarin, are currently being assessed. ER  - 
The influence of anti-platelet resistance for the development of silent ischemia after carotid artery stenting$$$ Background and aims: Silent cerebral ischemic lesions after carotid artery stenting are frequently observed after procedure. We investigated the correlation between anti-platelet resistance and silent ischemia developed after carotid artery stenting. Methods: We selected 56 patients performed carotid artery stenting and brain MRI 24 h after stenting. Risk factors, laboratory findings, anti-platelet resistance for aspirin or clopidogrel and cytochrome P450 2C19 polymorphism were investigated. We analyzed the difference between no ischemia group and silent ischemia group on 24 h diffusion weighted MRI. Results: Silent ischemic lesions were observed in 14 patients (25%), 9 ipsilateral, 1 contralateral, and 4 bilateral. Among 56 patients, anti-platelet resistance was evaluated in 38 patients for aspirin and 36 patients for clopidogrel. Aspirin resistance was observed in 8 patients and Clopidogrel resistance in 17 patients. Clopidogrel resistance was observed in 12 of 14 silent ischemia group, compared to 5 of 22 no ischemia group (P = 0.001). Aspirin resistance was observed in 3 of 14 silent ischemia group, compared to 5 of 24 no ischemia group (P = 0.965). Cytochrome P450 2C19 were evaluated in 10 patients. Poor and intermediate metabolizer observed in 5 of 14 silent ischemia group, compared to 2of 42 of no ischemia group. Conclusions: Anti-platelet resistance for clopidogrel is associated with silent ischemia after carotid arterial stenting. Evaluation of anti-platelet resistance, especially clopidogrel may be useful to define high risk group when performing carotid artery stenting. ER  - 
Clopidogrel resistance in patients with ischemic stroke assessed using verifynow P2Y12 assay$$$ Background and aims: The inhibitory response to clopidogrel considerably varies among individuals and clopidogrel resistance is a risk factor for thrombotic events in patients with cardiovascular disease. The present study investigates clopidogrel resistance and the effect of adding cilostazol on platelet aggregation assayed using Verify Now P2Y12 Assay. Methods: We examined 77 patients (53 men and 24 women, aged 65.8 ± 9.9 years) with ischemic stroke or cerebral artery stenosis who received clopidogrel (75 mg) for >7 days at our hospital between October 2009 and March 2010. We administered 62 (42 men and 20 women, aged 65.3 ± 9.9 years) of them with 75 mg clopidogrel alone (monotherapy) and the other 15 (11 men and 4 women, aged 67.9 ± 9.9 years) received 75 mg of clopidogrel plus 100 or 200 mg of cilostazol (combination). We measured the ability of 20 lM ADP to aggregate platelets using the VerifyNow P2Y12 Assay. Clopidogrel resistance was defined as ≤10% inhibition in this assay. Results: Clopidogrel resistance was identified in 10 (16.1%) of the 62 patients in the monotherapy group. The% inhibition was significantly higher in the combination, than in the monotherapy group (41.7 ± 28.0% vs. 64.9 ± 22.7%, P = 0.005). None of the patients in the combination group had ≤10% inhibition. Conclusions: Clopidogrel resistance developed in 16.1% of patients given clopidogrel alone. Adding cilostazol to clopidogrel intensified platelet inhibition. ER  - 
Influence of atorvastatin co-treatment on the inhibition of platelet activation by clopidogrel in ischemic stroke patients$$$ Background and aims: Clopidogrel is frequently used to achieve sustained platelet inhibition in high-risk patients with ischemic stroke, who are often also treated with statins. The aim of this study is to evaluate the influence of co-treatment with atorvastatin on the inhibition of platelet activation by clopidogrel in ischemic stroke patients. Methods: Seven patients (5 male, 2 female; 73 ± 14 years old) with both chronic cerebral infarction and dyslipidemia were recruited. We (Figure presented). detected activated platelet markers PAC-1 (monoclonal antibody to fibrinogen receptors) and anti-CD62P (monoclonal antibody to P-selectin), as well as WBC-platelet complex, by flow cytometry. Blood samples in patients receiving 75 mg/day clopidogrel were taken before, and at 2 weeks and 2 months after the start of administration of 10 mg/day atorvastatin. Results: Treatment with atorvastatin for 2 months significantly reduced LDL from 143 ± 32 to 87 ± 17 mg/dL. MoAb-CD62P positive platelets were significantly reduced by clopidogrel+atorvastatin for 2 months, compared with clopidogrel alone (Figure). No significant difference in PAC-1-positive platelets or WBC-platelet complex was observed between clopidogrel alone and clopidogrel+atorvastatin. Conclusions: Our results indicate that inhibition of platelet activation by clopidogrel was promoted by co-treatment with atorvastatin. A possible mechanism would be translocation of P2Y12 outside the lipid raft by atorvastatin. ER  - 
Thrombin receptor antagonists for the treatment of atherothrombosis: Therapeutic potential of vorapaxar and E-5555$$$ Platelet activation, achieved through a variety of surface receptors and biochemical mediators, represents a key event in the pathogenesis of atherothrombosis and its clinical manifestations. The major pathways involved in platelet activation are triggered by thromboxane A2, adenosine diphosphate and thrombin, with the latter being the most potent of these agonists. Despite the effective inhibition of the first two pathways with aspirin and several generations of P2Y12 receptor antagonists, respectively, the recurrence of ischaemic events in patients with atherothrombosis remains high. In addition, there is a growing concern over the safety profile of increasingly powerful antiplatelet drugs in terms of bleeding, which has tempered expectations of newly developed compounds.Thrombin receptor antagonists are a novel class of antiplatelet agents that inhibit thrombin-mediated platelet activation. Preliminary data indicate that these compounds may have the potential to improve ischaemic outcomes without significantly increasing the bleeding liability. Currently, two agents of this class are under clinical development: vorapaxar (previously known as SCH 530348) and E-5555. In this review we discuss this novel class of antiplatelet agents, focusing in particular on their therapeutic potential. © 2010 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long-term impact of concomitant use of proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) and clopidogrel following percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Background: Dual antiplatelet therapy, consisting of aspirin and clopidogrel, has been the cornerstone of pharmacotherapy following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). PPIs have been concomitantly used with aspirin and clopidogrel to reduce the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding complications. However, recent pharmacodynamic studies demonstrated that PPIs might attenuate clopidogrel-mediated platelet inhibition, through their effects on the hepatic cytochrome P450 CYP2C19 system. We investigated the clinical significance of concomitant PPI and clopidogrel use on long-term all-cause mortality in a population of patients undergoing PCI. Methods: In a retrospective observational study, using the 2004/2005 Cornell Angioplasty Registry Database, we evaluated short-and long-term adverse events in 2,504 patients, undergoing elective or urgent PCI. Patients were dividedinto 2 groups: 1) those discharged on a PPI; or 2) discharged without PPI therapy after PCI. Patients presenting with an acute ST-elevation myocardial infarction (MI) <24 hours, thrombolytic therapy <7 days, hemodynamic instability/shock, or renal insufficiency were excluded. The mean follow-up period was 4.5 years. Results: Of the study cohort, 726 patients (31%) were discharged on a PPI plus clopidogrel and 1,650 patients (69%) were discharged on clopidogrel without PPIs. The incidence of in-hospital mortality (0.1% vs. 0.2%, p=0.731), emergent PCI (0.4% vs. 0.1%, p=0.088), emergent CABG (0.1% vs. 0%, p=0.306), stroke (0.3% vs. 0.1%, p=0.223), and major adverse cardiovascular events (5.4% vs. 7.3%, p=0.091) was similar in the PPI vs. no PPI group, respectively. There was a lower incidence of postprocedural myocardial infarction (5.1% vs. 7.1%, p=0.007) in the PPI plus clopidogrel group. At follow up, all-cause mortality was similar in the PPI vs. no PPI group (12.7% vs.10.9%, HR 1.19, 95% CI 0.92-1.53, p=0.184). After a propensity score-adjusted multivariate Cox regression analysis, PPI use was not associated with an increased risk of long-term mortality (hazard ratio 1.04, 95% CI 0.74-1.48, p=0.814). Conclusions: Concomitant administration of clopidogrel and PPIs is not associated with an increased risk of long-term all-cause mortality following PCI. ER  - 
Ticagrelor for the treatment of arterial thrombosis$$$ Importance of the field: High platelet reactivity has been linked to recurrent ischemic events in patients treated with conventional dual antiplatelet therapy, in patients with arterial diseases and particularly in patients treated with coronary artery stenting. The limitations of clopidogrel have served as a major rationale for the development of new P2Y12 blockers that have superior pharmacodynamic profiles uninfluenced by concomitant therapies or specific genotypes. Ticagrelor is the first direct-acting reversibly binding oral P2Y12 receptor antagonist. Extensive Phase II investigations have addressed the pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic and safety-related properties of ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel. The recently completed PLATO trial demonstrated promise for ticagrelor as a major treatment strategy for a wide spectrum of patients with acute coronary syndromes. Ticagrelor is now being reviewed by the FDA as a P2Y12 receptor blocker to treat patients with coronary artery disease and, once accepted, will be in widespread use as an antiplatelet agent. Thus, it is both appropriate and timely to review available data and provide a comprehensive review of ticagrelor. Areas covered in this review: We discuss the rationale for the development of ticagrelor, a reversible and potent P2Y12 receptor blocker. The data regarding ticagrelor based on preclinical and clinical studies are examined. We researched articles about 'AZD6140' and 'ticagrelor' in PubMed from 2006 to 2010 and also reviewed data presented at recent cardiology meetings. What the reader will gain: This is an updated and comprehensive review of ticagrelor. The advantages and disadvantages of ticagrelor and available P2Y12 receptor blockers such as clopidogrel and prasugrel are discussed, thus providing a clear picture to readers. Take home message: Ticagrelor has an important role as an antiplatelet agent in the settings of acute coronary syndrome and percutaneous coronary intervention and once accepted will be in widespread use. © 2010 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
'Ins' and 'outs' of triple therapy Optimal antiplatelet therapy in patients on chronic oral anticoagulation who need coronary stenting$$$ Chronic oral anticoagulant treatment is obligatory in patients (class I) with mechanical heart valves and in patients with atrial fibrillation with CHADS2 score >1. When these patients undergo percutaneous coronary intervention with placement of a stent, there is also an indication for treatment with aspirin and clopidogrel. Unfortunately, triple therapy is known to increase the bleeding risk. For this group of patients, the bottom line is to find the ideal therapy in patients with indications for both chronic anticoagulation therapy and percutaneous intervention to prevent thromboembolic complications such as stent thrombosis without increasing the risk of bleeding. ER  - 
New antithrombotic agents - Insights from clinical trials$$$ Antithrombotic agents are the cornerstones of therapy for thrombosis. The compositions of arterial and venous clots differ, rendering antiplatelet agents more effective for arterial thrombosis and anticoagulants more effective for venous disease. Despite taking acetylsalicylic acid, some patients with arterial disease experience thrombotic events. The addition of the ADP-receptor antagonist clopidogrel to therapeutic regimens containing acetylsalicylic acid improves outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndromes and in those undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. However, clopidogrel has several limitations, including variable absorption, drug - drug interactions and genetic factors that lead to reduced generation of the active metabolite, and a delayed onset and offset of action. A search for new ADP-receptor inhibitors has yielded drugs such as prasugrel, ticagrelor, and cangrelor. For patients with venous thrombosis, the coumarins have been the only available oral anticoagulants for more than 60 years. Despite their effectiveness in preventing and treating thromboembolism, coumarins have well-documented limitations, including drug - drug and drug - dietary interactions, a narrow therapeutic range, and inconvenience and cost of monitoring therapy. A search for new oral anticoagulants has yielded drugs such as dabigatran etexilate, rivaroxaban, and apixaban. In this article, we review these new antithrombotic agents and provide plausible explanations for the results of phase III randomized controlled trials of these drugs. © 2010 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Optimizing antiplatlet therapy: Insight from large outcomes trials$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and a thienopyridine drug that blocks the platelet adenosine diphosphate receptor P2Y12 is the cornerstone of the pharmacological management of patients experiencing an acute coronary syndrome (1-4). Clopidogrel is the most widely used thienopyridine, but its drawbacks include its delayed onset of action and modest level of platelet inhibition, the irreversible ADP receptor blockade, the increased risk of bleeding, and the wide variability in pharmacodynamic response mainly related to CYP2C19 genetic polymorphism (5,6). Over the last few years, many attempts have been made to improve the safety and efficacy of dual antiplatelet therapy, and new drugs such as prasugrel and ticagrelor have been developed with the aim of overcoming some of the potential limitations of clopidogrel. Prasugrel is a novel thienopyridine that inhibits platelet aggregation more rapidly, ten times more consistently, and to a greater extent than standard-dose clopidogrel, but it also requires biotransformation to the active metabolite via CYP enzymes. However, CYP polymorphisms do not affect its active metabolite levels, platelet inhibition, or clinical cardiovascular events rates (7). The TRITON-TIMI 38 trial found that, in comparison with clopidogrel, prasugrel led to a 19% relative risk reduction in the composite primary efficacy endpoint (death due to cardiovascular causes, nonfatal myocardial infarction, and non-fatal stroke) in patients with acute coronary syndromes. This benefit was amplified in high-risk groups such as patients with diabetes mellitus or ST elevation myocardial infarction, and the frequency of both early and late stent thrombosis was reduced by approximately 50%. However, it also increased the risk of bleeding, particularly in the elderly, underweight patients, and patients with a history of stroke or a transient ischemic attack (8). Ticagrelor is a potent oral reversible adenosine diphosphate P2Y12 receptor blocker that leads to greater platelet inhibition than clopidogrel but, unlike clopidogrel and prasugrel, does not require metabolic activation. The PLATO trial found that, in comparison with clopidogrel, it was associated with a 16% relative risk reduction in the composite primary endpoint (death due to vascular causes, myocardial infarction, and stroke) and a 22% relative risk reduction in all-cause mortality. There was no significant difference in the primary safety endpoint between the ticagrelor and clopidogrel groups, but ticagrelor was associated with a higher rate of non-CABG related major bleeding (9). These data are confirmed also in the STEMI subgroup, CABG subgroup and in the subgroup of patients with a planned invasive strategy. Taken togheter, these trial results are a landmark event that should redefine the care of patients with acute coronary syndromes. In this setting, a personalised approach to drug selection should be used where in each patient's individualised risk of ischaemia versus bleeding is considered. ER  - 
Prospective comparison of platelet function tests in predicting clinical outcome in 1069 patients undergoing coronary stent implantation: The popular study$$$ Background/Aims: High on-treatment platelet reactivity is associated with thrombo-ischemic events following percutaneous coronary intervention with stent implantation. The primary aim of this study is to evaluate the capability of multiple platelet function tests to predict clinical outcome. Methods: The POPular-study enrolled 1069 consecutive patients on clopidogrel- and aspirin therapy undergoing elective PCI. On-treatment platelet reactivity was measured in parallel by light transmittance aggregometry (LTA), the VerifyNow® P2Y12 assay, the Plateletworks® assay, the IMPACT-R and the PFA-100® System (COL/ADP as well as the novel INNOVANCE P2Y∗ cartridge ). Clinical follow-up was obtained after 12 months. The primary endpoint was defined as all-cause death, nonfatal MI, stent thrombosis and ischemic stroke. The primary safety endpoint was defined as major or minor bleeding (TIMI). Cut-off values for High on-treatment Platelet Reactivity (HPR) were established by receiver-operator characteristic (ROC) curve analysis. Results: LTA, VerifyNow® and Plateletworks® were able to discriminate between patients with and without primary endpoint. At one-year follow-up, the primary endpoint occurred more frequently in patients with HPR when assessed by LTA (11.7% vs 6.0%, p=0.0009 [n=1049]), VerifyNow (13.3% vs 5.7%, p<0.0001 [n=1052)] and Plateletworks (12.6% vs 6.1%, p=0.005 [n=606]). In contrast, the IMPACT-R (n=905), the PFA Collagen/ADP (n=812) and INNOVANCE® PFA P2Y∗ (n=588) were unable to discriminate between patients with and without primary endpoint at one-year follow-up. None of the platelet function tests were able to identify patients at risk for bleeding. Conclusions: Of the platelet function tests assessed only LTA, VerifyNow® and Plateletworks® were significantly associated with the primary endpoint, with only modest predictability. The platelet function tests were unable to predict bleedings. At this moment, the POPular-study does not support the use of platelet function testing to guide clinical practice in a low-risk population of patients undergoing elective PCI. ER  - 
Clopidogrel antiplatelet loading in cerebral infarctions of recent onset (CAIRO) study: A multiphasic randomized aspirin controlled study (ongoing clinical trial)$$$ Rationale: Low dose aspirin (ASA) is evidenced as effective management in acute ischaemic stroke ineligible for intravenous thrombolysis (IV rt-PA). Reported efficacy is due to antiplatelet properties. Clopidogrel is anADP-P2Y12 receptor antagonist with a characteristic higher dose dependent onmore intense platelet inhibition&earlier onset. Subjects: Patients ineligible for IV rt-PA, aged 18-75, with definite onset of first clinical ischaemic stroke within 8 hours and admission NIHSS between 4-24; excluding those with potential bleeding tendencies. Methods: First phase is an open-label pilot observational safety monitoring study. Patients will be given on admission 600mg clopidogrel then 150mg ASA daily, followed up clinically (NIHSS) and by imaging (2nd day MRA & MRI: T1W, T2W, DWI, FLAIR, T2∗, ≈l7th day DWI, FLAIR, T2∗). Proceeding into the next phase will take place after safety ensuring. The main phase will be a randomized doubleblinded ASA controlled study (Group A: ASA 300mg, C: 600mg clopidogrel within 8 hours of onset, followed in both by dailyASA 150mg). NIHSS is the clinical&plain CT brain is the imaging parameter for follow-up. Further subgroup analysis might indicate an escalating dose or time window tapering in an intention-to-treat final phase of CAIRO. Endpoints: Symptomatic intracerebral haemorrhage with NIHSS drop of more than 4 is the primary end point for the introductory phase. Secondary endpoints include GIT, mucous membrane & peripheral bleedings and improvement in NIHSS 4 on day 3, or 50%of admission score by the first week. ER  - 
Ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in patients with Acute Coronary Syndromes intended for a non-invasive management in the PLATO trial$$$ Purpose: The potential benefit of potent dual anti platelet therapy have not been well studied in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) intended for a management with a non- invasive strategy. Ticagrelor compared to clopidogrel reduced the primary composite endpoint of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction and stroke with similar major bleeding rates through 12 months in the PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial. Methods: Of the 18,624 patients hospitalized for ACS (with or without ST elevation) in the PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial, 5,216 (28%) were at the time of randomization specified as planned for a non-invasive management. Results: Despite intended initial non-invasive management, coronary angiography was performed during the initial hospitalization in 2183 of 5216 patients (41.9%), PCI in 1065 (20.4%) and CABG in 226 (4.3%). Cumulatively, 40% of the patients underwent a revascularization procedure by the end of the trial follow-up. The incidence of the primary composite endpoint was reduced with ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel (12.0% vs. 14.3%, hazard ratio HR, 0.85; 95% confidence interval [CI], (0.73 - 1.00); P=0.045) and overall mortality was also reduced to (6.1% vs. 8.2% HR 0.75 (0.61 - 0.93), p=0.01. The incidence of PLATO-defined total major bleeding was numerically higher with ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel, but was not statistically different (11.9% vs. 10.3%, HR 1.17; 95% CI (0.98 - 1.39), p=0.08). Of all patients who underwent coronary angiography during hospitalization, significant coronary disease was found in 596 patients (89%). Patients with no significant disease had numerically lower event rates compared to patients who were discovered with significant disease and the primary composite event rate was numerically lower in the ticagrelor group compared to the clopidogrel group, 14 (3.65%) v.s 22 (6.46%). Total mortality and major bleeding in these patients also occurred numerically less frequently in the ticagrelor group (9 (2.3%) vs. 15 (4.3%) and 7 (2.4%) vs. 20 (7.6%) respectively. Conclusion: In NSTE ACS patients initially intended for non invasive management, the results with ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel were similar to the overall PLATO trial results indicating the broad benefits of intensified P2Y12 inhibition for patients with ACS across management strategies. ER  - 
Effect of common cyclooxygenase-2 gene polymorphisms on the long-term outcome after successful single-vessel percutaneous coronary intervention: A pilot study$$$ There is evidence that G-765C polymorphism (rs20417) of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) gene can affect the risk of myocardial infarction and stroke. Little is known about the role of COX-2 T8473C (rs5275) polymorphism in atherogenesis and plaque instability. No study has been performed so far to determine the effect of common COX-2 polymorphisms on the long-term outcome after PCI. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of two common COX-2 gene polymorphisms on the risk of death, cardiac death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, restenosis, and need for hospitalization after single-vessel PCI at 36 months of follow-up. Methods: 119 consecutive Caucasians (92 M, aged 39-86 yrs, mean age 62.4±10.7 yrs), were enrolled based on the following inclusion criteria: (a) stable CAD (67 pts) or acute NSTEMI (52 pts) treated with single-vessel PCI; (b) no contraindications to aspirin or clopidogrel. All patients received standard medical therapy. Results: In the stable CAD group, the prevalence of MI was significantly higher in homozygotes -765C-765C, as compared to -765G-765G (100.0% vs 4.4%; p=0.002). No significant differences were found in the occurrence of death, cardiac death, stroke, restenosis, and need for hospitalization among genotypes of G-765C and T8473C polymorphisms in stable CAD. No significant association was apparent between the COX-2 polymorphisms and study end-points in NSTEMI pts. (Figure presented). Conclusions: 1. The COX-2 G-765C polymorphism is associated with an increased risk for myocardial infarction after single-vessel PCI in stable CAD pts in long-term follow-up. 2. There is no significant association of G-765C and T8473C polymorphisms with all-cause mortality, cardiac mortality, risk of stroke, restenosis and need for hospitalization after PCI both in pts with stable CAD and NSTEMI. ER  - 
Prognostic significance of dual hyporesponsiveness to aspirin and clopidogrel measured by verifynow assay in the patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ urpose: The purpose of this study was to investigate the impact of hyporesponsiveness to aspirin and clopidogrel designated by VerifyNow Assay on early outcomes of patients after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Method: A total of 301 consecutive patients (mean age 62.3 years) undergoing PCI were enrolled. All patients were pretreated with aspirin (100 mg/d) and clopidogrel (75 mg/d) at least 5 days or received loading doses of aspirin 250 mg and clopidogrel 300 mg before PCI. Blood samples were obtained in catheterization room before PCI and evaluated with VerifyNow Aspirin and P2Y12. All patients were clinically followed for 30 days to assess MACE, defined as death, myocardial infarction, stroke, and target vessel revascularization. Results: VerifyNow Assay discriminated patients with and without 30-day MACE by arachidonic acid-induced and adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet reactivity (area under the curve [AUC] 0.606, p=0.049; AUC 0.668, p=0.002). Aspirin reaction units (ARU) value 419 was identified as the optimal cutoff point to predict 30-day outcome with 78% sensitivity and 43% specificity. Likewise, P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) value 310 was optimal with 81% sensitivity and 53% specificity. Based on these cutoff values, patients with reduced responses to both drugs had significantly higher prevalence of MACE (Fig). Multivariate analysis revealed dual hyporesponsiveness and total stent length (mm) were independent predictors of 30-day MACE with odds ratio, 4.92 (95% CI 2.1 ∼ 11.4, p<0.001) and 1.02 (95% CI 1.01∼1.04, p=0.012), respectively. (GP.) Conclusion: Dual hyporesponsiveness measured by VerifyNow Assay was an independent predictor of early outcomes after PCI. ER  - 
The polymorphisms of CYP2C19, CYP3A5 and CYP2C9 enzymes in relation to platelet response to clopidogrel as assessed by multiplate analyser and long-term clinical outcome$$$ The low reponse (LR) to clopidogrel (CL) is considered to increase risk for stent thrombosis (ST). Because cytochrome P450 system (CYP) is essential to the generation of active metabolite of CL, polymorphic variations of CYP may influence the response to CL. In this non-randomized and single-center study (134 pts,age 56+9.9 yrs),we assessed whether single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of CYP2C19, CYP3A5 and CYP2C9 related to CLLR and risk of events including definite ST (dST), stroke (S) and bleeding after primary,urgent or elective BMS or DES placement. Platelet aggregation (PA) was assessed by multiplate analyser (MPA). All pts received a prePCI CL loading dose of 600 mg.The duration of CL treatment was 9 to12 months (m) for BMS, and >12 m for DES.The daily dose of CLwas 150 mg for first week, and 75mg thereafter.Mean FU period was 660±230 days, and visits were performed within first 7 and 30 days, and 3, 6, 9 and 12 m after PCI. Definite STwas noted in 2 (%1.6) pts and within the first 22 days. TIMI major and minor bleeding were noted in 1.6% and 3.2% pts, respectively. None had S. Baseline PA (AU.min) to ADP (ADP-PA)was 293±247,and showed no difference compared with baseline values along the FU (p=NS).The PA was subdivided into quintiles, and the border of 5th quintile, 495 was defined as cut-off value for CLLR.The LR was noted in 20.3% of pts, and was associated with high platelet count (p=0.02) but not with other clinical,laboratory and procedural characteristics (p=NS).The SNP of CYP3A5 (A6986G) was noted in 7.5% of pts,and ADP-PA (p=NS) or LR% (30 vs 18.8,p=NS)were similar between pts with SNP and without.The CYP2C9 alleles were as follows; Normal and slow metabolizers (NM,SM) with 1∗1 or 1∗2 (78%) and 1∗3,2∗2 or 2∗3 (22%)alleles,respectively.Measures of ADP-PA (p=NS) and LR %(18.5 vs 31.3, p=NS) were similar among pts with NM and SMs.The SNP of CYP2C19 (G681A) genotypes were as follows; wild type 78%, heterozygous 22% and homozygous 0.7%. CYP2C19∗2. Homozygous or heterozygous genotypes compared with its wild type related to a higher ADP-PA (AU.min) (432±283 vs 250±220, p<0.01) and an increased LR% (OR:5.0;1.9-12.6,95% CI, p=0.001). Two out of the 11 pts (18%) with STwere heterozygous.Moreover, CYP2C19∗2 was an independent predictor for LR (OR:2.1, 95 CI:1.1-5.1, p=0.02). None of the CYP2C19, CYP2C9 or CYP3A5 variants was associated with stroke or bleeding risk (p=NS). Conclusions: In pts with long-term CL treatment after BMS or DES placement, CYP2C19 ∗2 allele but not CYP2C9 or CYP3A5 variants seemed to be associated with CLLR on MPA and risk for early ST. However, none of these SNPs related to long-term clinical outcome. ER  - 
Prevention of stroke with medical treatment$$$ The mainstay of medical treatments for the prevention of ischemic stroke consists of anti-platelet (anti-aggregant) and anticoagulant medicines. Anti-platelet therapy is the treatment of choice for the prevention of ischemic stroke of arterial origin. The most commonly used agent in this group is aspirin, which blocks thromboxane formation via inhibition of the enzyme cyclo-oxygenase. Aspirin has been shown to decrease the risk of major vascular events and ischemic stroke when compared to placebo (absolute risk reduction: 1%, relative risk reduction 13%), with a moderate increase in the risk of major bleeding (annual absolute harm 0.13%) [1-3]. Clopidogrel is another anti-platelet agent which acts via the ADP P2Y12 receptor system on platelets. In patients with prior history of ischemic stroke, clopidogrel has equal efficacy in preventing recurrent ischemic stroke when compared to aspirin (absolute risk reduction 0.6%, relative risk reduction 7.3% when compared to aspirin, p value statistically non-significant) [4]. Clopidogrel has a better side-effect profile in terms of gastrointestinal bleeding when compared to aspirin. The combination of aspirin and clopidogrel has not been shown to be superior either to aspirin or clopidogrel monotherapy, as the slight benefit obtained is ischemic event reduction has been offset by the increase in bleeding complications in the combination arms [5,6]. Another anti-platelet regimen that has been shown to decrease ischemic events is aspirinextended release dipyridamole combination. This combination has been shown to be superior to placebo (absolute risk reduction 3%, relative risk reduction 37%) and aspirin monotherapy (absolute risk reduction 1.5%, relative risk reduction 23%), but not to clopidogrel monotherapy in terms of secondary stroke prevention [7,8]. On the other hand, anti-coagulation is the treatment of choice in patients with cardio-embolic stroke. Warfarin, a vitamin K antagonist, reduces the risk of recurrent stroke by 61% when compared to placebo (absolute risk reduction 8%) [9]. The annual risk of lifethreatening bleeding with warfarin is around 1%. Warfarin is superior to both aspirin and aspirin-clopidogrel combination in patients with atrial fibrillation, and is therefore the standard of care in highrisk patients [1,9]. In patients with atrial fibrillation that are deemed ineligible for warfarin therapy, the combination of aspirin and clopidogrel decreases the risk of ischemic events when compared to aspirin monotherapy, but this benefit is again offset by the risk of hemorrhagic complications [10]. In patients with symptomatic extracranial carotid artery disease, the decision between carotid intervention and medical treatment is primarily driven by the degree of stenosis. Meta-analyses of carotid endarterectomy trials have shown that surgery increased the risk of ipsilateral ischemic stroke in patients <30% stenosis and had no beneficial effect in patients with 30-49% stenosis, when compared to best medical therapy. On the other hand, endarterectomy was superior to medical treatment in patients with 50-69% (5-year absolute risk reduction 4.6%) and 70-99% (5-year absolute risk reduction 16%) stenosis [11]. In patients with asymptomatic carotid artery stenosis, carotid endarterectomy seems to be beneficial if the stenosis is >60% (5-year absolute risk reduction 5.4%) [12,13]. Recent analyses, however, are now questioning the role of carotid intervention assessin patients where the benefit of endarterectomy is modest (symptomatic patients with 50-69% stenosis and asymptomatic patients with >60% stenosis), as most of these trials were performed in the pre-2000 era, when the best medical treatment was significantly different from the current practices [14]. The optimal treatment for patients with intracranial stenosis is a matter of debate. The only randomized treatment that has been performed in patients with symptomatic atherosclerotic intracranial artery disease has shown a 15% risk of ipsilateral ischemic stroke with aspirin and 12% risk with warfarin over a period of 1.8 years, without any statistically significant difference between treatment arms [15]. This slight difference in favor of warfarin was completely negated by the increased prevalence of hemorrhagic events in patients receiving warfarin. ER  - 
P2Y12 assay of the residual antiplatelet activity of clopidogrel$$$ Introduction: ASRA recommends the discontinuation of clopidogrel for 7 days before a neuraxial injection (1). We investigated the residual antiplatelet activity of clopidogrel with the PFA II test and the new point-of care P2Y12 assay. Methods: The study was approved by our IRB and informed consent was obtained from every patient. Patients scheduled to have their clopidogrel discontinued before a neuraxial injection had their blood drawn for the PFA II and P2Y12 assays at the following times: a) baseline; b) 3 days; c) 5 days; and d) 7 days after discontinuation of the clopidogrel. The PFA II was determined by the platelet function analyzer (PFA) II (Dade Behring, Inc., Deerfield, Illinois) while the P2Y12 values were determined by the P2Y12 assay (VerifyNowR, Accumetrics, San Diego, CA). Results: Three patients completed the study. The % inhibition in all the patients was less than 10% at the 7th day of discontinuation of clopidogrel (table). The PFA II was prolonged in one of the patients at the seventh day (normal: 58-171 seconds). (Table presented) Discussion: The P2Y12 assay is more sensitive than the PFAII as a test for residual antiplatelet activity of clopidogrel (2). We showed that at 5 days after discontinuation of clopidogrel the percent platelet inhibition was less than 10%, a % inhibition that is considered as a â€oenon-responderâ€□ (3). The CURE trial showed that perioperative bleeding is less at 5 days after clopidogrel is stopped (4). Based on the CURE trial, it has been postulated that 5 days of discontinuation maybe adequate (5). Other studies showed that 7 days of discontinuation of clopidogrel may not be necessary. There is a case report of a safe removal of an epidural catheter in a patient 24 hours after the stoppage of clopidogrel (6), a report of an uneventful caudal steroid injection 5 days after discontinuation of clopidogrel (7), and a report of an uneventful spinal anesthesia 5 days after discontinuation of the clopidogrel (8). Based on a study in volunteers (9), the newly released Nordic anticoagulation guidelines stated that 5 days is adequate (10). Our initial results, in the clinical setting, show that 5 days maybe adequate. The performance of neuraxial injections on the earliest day that is considered safe after discontinuation of clopidogrel balances the risk of spinal hematoma against the development of myocardial infarction or stroke. ER  - 
First prospective comparison between platelet function tests in prediction clinical outcome in 1069 patients undergoing coronary stent placement. Do platelet function assays predict clinical outcomes in clopidogrel pretreated patients undergoing elective PCI (POPULAR study)$$$ Objectives: Prospective trial to assess which platelet function test is best to predict trombo-ischemic events in patients on clopidogrel treatment undergoing elective PCI with stent implantation. Background: Dual antiplatelet therapy reduces thrombotic complications in patients undergoing PCI. Nonetheless, ischemic events still occur and several studies have demonstrated a strong relationship between magnitude of high ontreatment platelet reactivity (HPR) and the occurrence adverse clinical outcome. However, previous studies are hampered by the fact that platelet function was evaluated by only one platelet function test. Methods: POPular included 1069 consecutive patients undergoing elective coronary stent implantation. All patients were pre-treated with clopidogrel. Ontreatment platelet reactivity was measured in parallel by Light Transmittance Aggregometry (using Adenosine Diphosphate (ADP) as agonists), the Coneand- platelet analyzer (ADP pre-stimulation), the PFA-100 (with the collagen/ ADP and the novel ADP-receptor specific INNOVANCE P2Y cartridges), the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay and the Plateletworks single cell counting method using ADP as agonist. The predictive value of the different platelet function tests to predict clinical outcome was established. Primary endpoint was all-cause death, non fatal myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke and stent thrombosis. Results: The results of the POPular-study will be presented as a Late Breaking Clinical Trial at the AHA in Orlando in November 2009. As a consequence, the results are under embargo and we can not provide any results at the time of the writing of this abstract. This is the largest prospective comparison of platelet function tests on clinical outcome and we hope the abstract selection committee will give us the opportunity to present the results of the POPular-study at the joint GTH & NVTH meeting. ER  - 
Prehospital administration of clopidogrel in patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction is associated with impaired P2Y12 inhibition and increased cardiovascular events$$$ Background: P2Y12 inhibition by clopidogrel is the standard treatment in patients following percutaneous coronary interventions and/or myocardial infarction (MI). Current guidelines recommend the administration of a loading dose as early as possible. However, acute coronary syndrome has been reported as a risk factor for impaired responsiveness to clopidogrel. We tested the effectiveness of prehospital clopidogrel loading in ST-segment elevation MI (STEMI) patients. Methods: Blood was collected from 54 patients with acute STEMI admitted for urgent coronary intervention. 50 patients with stable coronary artery disease were used as controls. Responsiveness to clopidogrel was assessed 24 hours after the administration of the loading dose using the P2Y12-specific platelet-reactivityindex (PRI). 33 STEMI patients had received the loading dose at first medical contact outside the intervention centre, 21 STEMI patients received the loading dose peri-interventional at the catheterization laboratory. A PRI >50% was considered as a suboptimal inhibition of P2Y12. Results: Overall response was impaired in STEMI patients vs. controls (PRI [Mean±SEM]: STEMI 58±2%, Control 43±2%, p< 0.0001). Patients loaded at first medical contact had a significantly weaker platelet inhibition by clopidogrel 24 hours following loading (PRI 62±3%) compared to those loaded in the catheterization laboratory (PRI 53±3%, p=0.0079). Patients receiving clopidogrel loading prehospitally and displaying a PRI > 50% had a worse outcome defined by a composite end-point of death, cardiac arrest, recurrent myocardial infarction, stroke, and cardiovascular rehospitalisation (p=0.022 PRI≤50% vs. PRI>50%; p=0.0177 prehospital vs. periinterventional). Conclusion: Application of clopidogrel at pre-hospital conditions in STEMI patients is associated with impaired responsiveness and higher rates of suboptimal platelet inhibition. This was associated with increased cardiovascular events. ER  - 
Mitochondrial dysfunction and thrombosis: Modulation of platelet function by the citric acid cycle intermediate succinate$$$ Background: Elevated plasma levels of succinate, a citric acid cycle intermediate, are found in various pathologic conditions characterized by severe mitochondrial dysfunction due to hypoxic organ damage such as stroke, acute myocardial infarc- tion, sepsis and cancer. Using a novel and highly sensitive microarray technique, we have previously confirmed the presence of the succinate receptor (GPR91) mRNA in human platelets. Methods: Washed platelets from healthy donors were used to assess the effect of succinate on platelet aggregation under low shear stress. Surface CD62P (P-selectin) expression following incubation of diluted platelet-rich plasma with succinate under static conditions was analyzed by flow cytometry. Results: Stimulation with high concentrations of succinate alone (1000 μM) resulted in delayed and variable platelet aggregation, suggesting functional dependence of the platelet response on concomitantly activated signaling pathways. Consequently, low concentrations of succinate (10-100 μM) consistently enhanced platelet aggregation in response to exogenous ADP. Furthermore, the inhibitory effect of small-molecule P2Y1 and P2Y12 antagonists on ADP-induced platelet aggregation was reversed when platelets were pre-incubated with succinate (100 μM). Similarly, while succinate alone had negligible effects on surface CD62P expression, it dose-dependently enhanced the platelet response to ADP and partially abrogated the inhibitory effects of ADP receptor antagonists. Discussion: Our findings suggest that extracellular succinate may have a costimulatory role in platelet thrombus formation under conditions of severe organ ischemia and tissue damage, possibly via activation of its membrane surface receptor, GPR91. In addition, variations in endogenous succinate plasma levels may contribute to the inter-individual variability commonly observed in platelet function testing and to the still incompletely understood phenomenon of clopidogrel resistance. ER  - 
Study design and rationale of 'Influence of Cilostazol-based triple anti-platelet therapy on ischemic complication after drug-eluting stent implantation (CILON-T)' study: A multicenter randomized trial evaluating the efficacy of Cilostazol on ischemic vascular complications after drug-eluting stent implantation for coronary heart disease$$$ Background: Current guidelines recommend dual anti-platelet therapy, aspirin and clopidogrel, for patients treated with drug-eluting stent for coronary heart disease. In a few small trials, addition of cilostazol on dual anti-platelet therapy (triple anti-platelet therapy) showed better late luminal loss. In the real-world unselected patients with coronary heart disease, however, the effect of cilostazol on platelet reactivity and ischemic vascular events after drug-eluting stent implantation has not been tested. It is also controversial whether there is a significant interaction between lipophilic statin and clopidogrel.Methods/Design: CILON-T trial was a prospective, randomized, open-label, multi-center, near-all-comer trial to demonstrate the superiority of triple anti-platelet therapy to dual anti-platelet therapy in reducing 6 months' major adverse cardiovascular/cerebrovascular events, composite of cardiac death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, target lesion revascularization and ischemic stroke. It also tested whether triple anti-platelet therapy is superior to dual anti-platelet therapy in inhibiting platelet reactivity in patients receiving percutaneous coronary intervention with drug-eluting stent. Total 960 patients were randomized to receive either dual anti-platelet therapy or triple anti-platelet therapy for 6 months and also, randomly stratified to either lipophilic statin (atorvastatin) or non-lipophilic statin (rosuvastatin) indefinitely. Secondary endpoints included all components of major adverse cardiovascular/cerebrovascular events, platelet reactivity as assessed by VerifyNow P2Y12 assay, effect of statin on major adverse cardiovascular/cerebrovascular events, bleeding complications, and albumin-to-creatinine ratio to test the nephroprotective effect of cilostazol. Major adverse cardiovascular/cerebrovascular events will also be checked at 1, 2, and 3 years to test the 'legacy' effect of triple anti-platelet therapy that was prescribed for only 6 months after percutaneous coronary intervention.Discussion: CILON-T trial will give powerful insight into whether triple anti-platelet therapy is superior to dual anti-platelet therapy in reducing ischemic events and platelet reactivity in the real-world unselected patients treated with drug-eluting stent for coronary heart disease. Also, it will verify the laboratory and clinical significance of drug interaction between lipophilic statin and clopidogrel.Trial Registration: National Institutes of Health Clinical Trials Registry (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier# NCT00776828). © 2010 Lee et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Antiplatelet therapy and vascular disease: An update$$$ Atherosclerosis is a diffuse, systemic disorder of the large and medium-sized arterial vessels, affecting the coronary, cerebral and peripheral circulation. Chronic inflammatory processes are the central pathophysiological mechanism largely driven by lipid accumulation, and provide the substrate for occlusive thrombus formation. The clinical sequelae of acute arterial thrombosis, heart attack and stroke, are the most common causes of morbidity and mortality in the industrialized world. Such acute events are characterized by rupture or erosion of the atherosclerotic plaque leading to acute thrombosis. The atherosclerotic process and associated thrombotic complications are collectively termed atherothrombosis. The platelet is a pivotal mediator of various endothelial, immune, thrombotic and inflammatory responses and therefore a key player in the initiation and progression of atherothrombosis. A robust evidence base supports the clear clinical benefits of antiplatelet agents in the primary and secondary therapy of atherothrombotic disorders. Percutaneous coronary and peripheral interventions have an established central role in the management of atherothrombotic disease and demand a greater understanding of platelet biology. In this article, we provide a clinically orientated overview of the pathophysiology of arterial thrombosis and the evidence supporting the use of the various established antiplatelet therapies, and discuss new and future agents. © The Author(s). ER  - 
Impact of proton pump inhibitors on the effectiveness of clopidogrel after coronary stent placement: The clopidogrel Medco outcomes study$$$ Study Objective. To investigate the potential impact of proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) on the effectiveness of clopidogrel in preventing recurrent ischemic events after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with stent placement. Design. Population-based, retrospective cohort study. Data Source. National medical and pharmacy benefit claims database comprising approximately 19 million members. Patients. A total of 16,690 patients who had undergone PCI with stent placement and who were highly adherent to clopidogrel therapy alone (9862 patients) or to clopidogrel with a PPI (6828 patients) between October 1, 2005, and September 30, 2006. Measurements and Main Results. The primary end point was the occurrence of a major adverse cardiovascular event during the 12 months after stent placement. These events were defined as hospitalization for a cerebrovascular event (stroke or transient ischemic attack), an acute coronary syndrome (myocardial infarction or unstable angina), coronary revascularization (PCI or coronary artery bypass graft), or cardiovascular death. A composite event rate was compared between patients who received clopidogrel alone and those who received concomitant clopidogrel-PPI therapy. Baseline differences in covariates were adjusted by using Cox proportional hazards models. In the 9862 patients receiving clopidogrel alone, 1766 (17.9%) experienced a major adverse cardiovascular event compared with 1710 patients (25.0%) who received concomitant clopidogrel-PPI therapy (adjusted hazard ratio 1.51, 95% confidence interval 1.39-1.64, p<0.0001). Similar associations of increased risk were observed for each PPI studied (omeprazole, esomeprazole, pantoprazole, and lansoprazole). Conclusion. Concomitant use of a PPI and clopidogrel compared with clopidogrel alone was associated with a higher rate of major adverse cardiovascular events within 1 year after coronary stent placement. ER  - 
The thienopyridine class of antiplatelet drugs$$$ The newer agents of the platelet ADP-receptor blocking class of antiplatelet drugs have greater antiplatelet efficacy and are less prone to cytochrome P450-related drug interactions than clopidogrel but are associated with an increased risk of haemorrhagic complications. ER  - 
Prasugrel vs. clopidogrel for cytochrome P450 2C19-genotyped subgroups: Integration of the TRITON-TIMI 38 trial data$$$ Background: Prasugrel is a newly marketed antiplatelet drug with improved cardiac outcomes as compared with clopidogrel for acute coronary syndromes involving percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Analysis of a subset of the TRITON-TIMI 38 trial demonstrated that cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19) reduced-function genotypes are associated with differential clinical responses to clopidogrel, but not prasugrel. Whether the CYP2C19 genotype has the potential to influence clinical choice of these drugs prior to PCI for individuals with unstable angina or non-ST segment elevation myocardial infarction is currently uncertain. Methods and Results: An exploratory, secondary analysis was undertaken to estimate the clinical benefit of prasugrel over clopidogrel in subgroups defined by CYP2C19 genotype, by integrating the published results of the genetic substudy and the overall TRITON-TIMI 38 trial. Individuals with a CYP2C19 reduced-metabolizer genotype were estimated to have a substantial reduction in the risk of the composite primary outcome (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke) with prasugrel as compared with clopidogrel [relative risk (RR) 0.57; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.39-0.83]. For CYP2C19 extensive metabolizers (∼ 70% of the population), however, the composite outcome risks with prasugrel and clopidogrel were not substantially different (RR 0.98; 95% CI 0.80-1.20). Conclusions: Integration of the TRITON-TIMI 38 data suggests that the CYP2C19 genotype can discriminate between individuals who receive extensive benefit from using prasugrel instead of clopidogrel, and individuals with comparable clinical outcomes with prasugrel and clopidorel. Thus, CYP2C19 genotyping has the potential to guide the choice of antiplatelet therapy, and further research is warranted to validate this estimate. © 2010 International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis. ER  - 
Antiplatelet agents' effectiveness for secondary prevention of ischemic stroke$$$ Background: Antiplatelet agents are widely used for secondary prevention of ischemic stroke. The use of clopidogrel, the combination of aspirin and clopidogrel (ASA+ clopidogrel), and the combination of aspirin and dipyridamole (ASA+dipyridamole) have been increasing as alternatives to aspirin (ASA). However, effectiveness of these drugs may be different by race and genetic polymorphism. Objectives: To compare each antiplatelet agents' effectiveness for secondary prevention of stroke in Asian population. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted using the Korean Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service (HIRA) database. We selected elderly patients received outpatient antiplatelet prescriptions after hospitalization for ischemic stroke. Then the study subjects were followed up to see rehospitalization due to stroke recurrence. Cox proportional hazard model was constructed to assess the relationship between prescribed antiplatelet therapy and incidence of ischemic stroke recurrence after antiplatelet therapy while adjusting for age, gender and comorbidities. Results: A total of 40,761 patients were prescribed ASA, clopidogrel or dipyridamole after hospital discharge (mean age 73.7 years, and female 58.5%). 23,890 patients received ASA, 7,536 patients received clopidogrel, 8,999 patients received ASA+clopidogrel and 244 patients received ASA+dipyridamole. Compared with patients taking ASA, the adjusted hazard ratio of stroke recurrence was 1.44 (95% CI: 1.34-1.54) in patients taking clopidogrel, 0.94 (95% CI: 0.87-1.02) in patients taking ASA+clopidogrel and 1.25 (95% CI: 0.89-1.76) in patients taking ASA+dipyridamole. Conclusions: Compared with ASA, ASA+clopidogrel and ASA+dipyridamole showed no clinically significant difference in effectiveness for secondary prevention of stroke, but clopidogrel only was less effective. Further study for adjusting stroke severity will be needed. ER  - 
Genetics and genomics of stroke: Novel approaches$$$ Evidence for a genetic basis for stroke comes from twin and family studies and from the occurrence of a number of uncommon monogenic disorders, but the contribution of genetic factors identified for stroke so far is small. Advances in genetics and genomics may permit new insights. In recent genome-wide association studies, a number of single-nucleotide polymorphisms have been associated with specific stroke subtypes and major stroke risk factors such as diabetes and atrial fibrillation. These await replication. Studies of messenger ribonucleic acid expression have also shown promise for the development of genomic signatures for stroke classification. Stroke and coronary heart disease share some features of pathophysiology, risk, and treatment, and their genetic and genomic bases also appear to overlap. © 2010 American College of Cardiology Foundation. ER  - 
Cardiovascular Risk in Clopidogrel-Treated Patients According to Cytochrome P450 2C19*2 Loss-of-Function Allele or Proton Pump Inhibitor Coadministration. A Systematic Meta-Analysis$$$ Objectives: The aim of this study was to assess the association between the loss-of-function cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19)*2 variant (10 studies, 11,959 patients) or the use of proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) (13 studies, 48,674 patients) and ischemic outcomes (major adverse cardiovascular events [MACE]) in patients treated with clopidogrel. Background: In clopidogrel-treated patients, increased cardiovascular risk has been identified with the loss-of-function CYP2C19*2 allele or the use of PPIs, some of them CYP2C19 inhibitors. To further estimate the effect of a reduction in activity of this enzyme, the authors performed a meta-analysis of the studies available. Methods: The meta-analysis was performed on 23 studies using the odds ratio (OR) as the parameter of efficacy, with a fixed-effect model. The end points were MACE, mortality, or stent thrombosis. Results: Of the 11,959 patients, carriers of the loss-of-function CYP2C19*2 allele (28% [n = 3,418]) displayed a 30% increase in the risk for MACE compared with noncarriers (9.7% vs. 7.8%; OR: 1.29; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.12 to 1.49; p < 0.001). This single gene variant (CYP2C19*2) was also associated with an excess of mortality (1.8% vs. 1.0%; OR: 1.79; 95% CI: 1.10 to 2.91; p = 0.019; n = 6,225) and of stent thrombosis (2.9% vs. 0.9%; OR: 3.45; 95% CI: 2.14 to 5.57; p < 0.001; n = 4,905). This increased risk was apparent in both heterozygotes and homozygotes and was independent of the baseline cardiovascular risk. PPI users (42% [n = 19,614]) displayed increased risk for MACE (21.8% vs. 16.7%; OR: 1.41; 95% CI: 1.34 to 1.48; p < 0.001) and mortality (12.7% vs. 7.4%; OR: 1.18; 95% CI: 1.07 to 1.30; p < 0.001; n = 23,977) compared with nonusers. The impact of PPI use was, however, significantly influenced by baseline cardiovascular risk, being significant only in high-risk patients. Conclusions: In this global meta-analysis, reduced CYP2C19 function appears to expose clopidogrel-treated patients to excess cardiovascular risk and mortality. Conflicting results among studies may be explained by differences in types and/or levels of risk of patients. © 2010 American College of Cardiology Foundation. ER  - 
Pharmacogenetics and cardiovascular treatment$$$ Drug treatment for cardiovascular disease accounts for about 20% of all drug costs. Despite this outlay, there is clinically important variability in response to drug therapy, and an increasing body of knowledge links this variability to rare and common DNA polymorphisms. Genetic variation in cardiovascular therapy has been linked to both efficacy and adverse effects. One key finding across studies has been variation in response by ancestry, and genetic variation underlying this phenomenon is now being identified. Single CYP2C19 loss of function variants with large effects have been convincingly associated with altered bioactivation of the P2Y12 receptor antagonist clopidogrel, and this translates into a higher incidence of cardiovascular events such as MI, stroke, or death in patients with variant CYP2C19. Variable warfarin dosage requirements are associated with variants both in the drug metabolism pathway (CYP2C9) and in the target protein with which warfarin interacts (VKORC1). Genetic variation conferring susceptibility to serious rare adverse events, such as statin-induced myopathy and drug-induced torsades de pointes, has been identified in both candidate gene and unbiased experimental approaches. These new findings and methods to potentially apply this rapidly expanding knowledge base to the bedside will be discussed. ER  - 
Residual platelet reactivity: Predicting short-and long-term clinical outcome in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary revascularization$$$ Adequate platelet inhibition is mandatory in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention in order to prevent recurrent thrombotic events. Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and thienopyridine (e.g., clopidogrel) is the treatment of choice in this setting, providing clear clinical benefit in most of the patients. However, a wide interindividual variability exists in the response to antiplatelet drugs and several factors may contribute to determine fluctuation in platelet reactivity, even within the individual patient. Several methodologies and devices have been developed to monitor individual response to antiplatelet treatment, assessing different pathways of platelet activation and aggregation. Studies performed with the use of these methodologies have clearly demonstrated that patients with high post-treatment residual platelet reactivity present a higher risk of ischemic events both at short (during or soon after percutaneous coronary intervention) and long term. In these patients, more aggressive antithrombotic strategies, based on the results of platelet function tests, may be beneficial in order to reduce ischemic complications after percutaneous coronary intervention. © 2010 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Platelet pharmacogenomics$$$ Platelet responsiveness to conventional antiplatelet therapy underlies a high interindividual variability influenced by various factors. For instance, antiplatelet therapy does not curtail the expected effects in a relevant number of patients as demonstrated by the occurrence of repeated cardiovascular events including stent thrombosis and/or by inadequate platelet inhibition measured by in vitro platelet function assays. Besides non-genetic factors such as age, gender, liver and renal function and co-medication, considerable variation of antiplatelet drug responsiveness can be attributed to genetic factors including polymorphisms and genetic variants of platelet surface proteins and drug metabolizing enzymes. Nowadays, platelet pharmacogenomics has started a new field with the goal to link genetic information of various drug targets to interindividual variability of drug response. Evolving data from large cohort studies suggest a promising role for pharmacogenomics in the context of antiplatelet therapy. Additionally, with the revolution of low cost and high-throughput genotyping techniques, genetic testing has become affordable for clinical application and individualization of therapy. However, a key issue to define the future role of pharmacogenomics will rely on the benefit and the timeliness of implementing the genetic information into therapeutic decision. Hence, it warrants further investigations to document the prognostic effects of therapeutic alterations in distinct genotypes. Concerning the safety profile of emerging antiplatelet and antithrombotic drugs in certain risk groups it would be fatal to individualize treatment barely on behalf of an atherothrombotic genotype. In contrast, individual risk assessment combining non-genetic information and pharmacogenetic analysis represents a reasonable concept. Here, we provide a review on current data describing the role of pharmacogenomics in the field of antiplatelet drug treatment in cardiovascular patients with future directions. © 2010 International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis. ER  - 
Clopidogrel and proton pump inhibitors: Can near patient testing help to inform dual prescription?$$$ Clopidogrel is relatively contraindicated in patients at risk of gastrointestinal bleeding. To reduce this risk, proton-pump inhibitors (PPI) which are often co-prescribed. Many PPIs undergo hepatic metabolism by the cytochrome (CYP) P450 isoenzymes, thus CYP P450-metabolised drugs, including clopidogrel become vulnerable to drug-drug interaction. Gilard et al first highlighted the negative impact of PPIs, on the pharmacodynamic response to clopidogrel in the randomised, double-blind Omeprazole CLopidogrel Aspirin (OCLA) trial. A randomised trial of omeprazole and pantoprazole conducted by Cuisset et al also demonstrated that after 1 month, patients receiving pantoprazole had significantly better platelet response to clopidogrel than those receiving omeprazole. Population-based studies have suggested that concomitant use of PPI with clopidogrel results in significantly increased risk of adverse outcomes. Anxieties brought on by such studies have been largely allayed by the recently presented results of the COGENT trial. This major randomised controlled trial, comparing clopidogrel with omeprazole vs clopidogrel alone demonstrated no difference in the risk of cardiovascular events between groups. We assessed the impact of PPI co-prescription on clopidogrel response using a verified near patient test, prospectively in 269 patients (mean age 63±11, 85 female) admitted with high risk ACS (characterised by electrocardiographic changes of ischaemia and/or raised troponin I). Loading and maintenance of clopidogrel was as per contemporary UK practice. Eighty-eight patients were prescribed a PPI concomitantly as in-patients. Platelet response to clopidogrel in whole blood samples, taken at the time of angiography, was assessed using a VerifyNow analyser (Accumetrics, California, US). Of the 269 patients recruited, 151 (56%) proceeded to PCI, 40 (15%) underwent coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG), 78 (29%) were treated medically. The clinical endpoint was adverse clinical events (ACE) at 18 months (death, MI, repeat revascularisation, CABG, stroke or unplanned cardiovascular hospitalisation). Co-administration of PPI and clopidogrel was associated with significantly reduced clopidogrel P2Y12 activity (p=0.022) (Abstract 41 Figure 1a) but not clinical outcome (ACE, p=0.123, Abstract 41 Figure 1b). Groups were well matched for age, gender, body mass index, current smoking, presence of diabetes and hyperlipidaemia. More patients in the PPI group had suffered a previous MI (36% vs 20%, p=0.007) and had received previous PCI treatment (20% vs 8%, p=0.005). Figure Presented. As near patient tests of clopidogrel activity find their position in the care of patients with ischaemic heart disease, physicians may wish to use this technology to test patients at high risk of stent thrombosis who are also taking medications which pose a risk of inhibiting platelet clopidogrel response. ER  - 
Individualised assessment of response to clopidogrel in patients presenting with acute coronary syndromes: A role for short thromboelastography?$$$ Introduction: Many centres already use the thrombelastograph (TEG) Haemostasis Analyser to monitor whole blood clotting parameters following cardiothoracic and other surgical procedures. Our group has modified this technique (short TEG, sTEG), to allow the rapid identification of aspirin and clopidogrel hypo-responsiveness. We sought to validate the sTEG area under curve (AUC)15 parameter, in patients admitted with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) by comparing sTEG with the VerifyNow (VN) analyser, and vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) assay. Methods: Forty-nine patients admitted with ACS and planned for angiography were studied. All had either ECG changes of ischaemia and/or a raised Troponin I. Aspirin and clopidgrel loading were as per contemporary UK practice. Whole blood samples were collected after sheath insertion. The sTEG AUC15 in response to ADP was calculated using a specially developed software programme. Samples were also analysed using the VN (Accumetrics, California, USA) system as per the manufacturers' instructions and VASP assay was performed within 12 h of sampling using a commercial system. The clinical endpoint was adverse clinical events (ACE) at 12 months (death, myocardial infarction (MI), repeat revascularisation (RR), stroke or unplanned cardiovascular hospitalisation (UCH). Results: Of the 49 patients investigated (mean age 63 (39-87), 16 female) successful readings were obtained for sTEG, VN P2Y12 and VASP in 47, 49 and 39 subjects respectively. The mean sTEG AUC15 was 742.1±295.6 mm/min, mean VN platelet response units (PRU) was 235.3±105, and mean VASP platelet reactivity index (PRI) 49.3±20.6%. These three variables were normally distributed. sTEG AUC15 correlated with VN PRU r2=0.54, p<0.0001 (Abstract 42 Figure 1a), with a weaker, but significant correlation seen with VASP PRI r2=0.26, p=0.001 (Abstract 42 Figure 1b). Previous studies have estimated a clinically relevant clopidogrel response cut off point VN PRU of 240. In our study, individuals with a PRU ≥ 240 had significantly greater mean AUC15 compared to those with <240 (911±195, n=29 vs 493±238, n=19, p=<0.0001) (Abstract 42 Figure 2a). sTEG AUC15, using a cut off of 800 mm/min (Abstract 42 Figure 2b) and VN PRU using a cut off of 240 predicted ACE at 1 year (p<0.02). During the follow up period there were 5 (10%) ACE (1 MI, 1 RR, and 3 UCH). Figure Presented. Conclusions: This study demonstrates that sTEG, a simple, time responsive technique correlates with VN and VASP methods, and in the studied group identified a cohort of patients with ACE at 1 year. However, further large scale trials of this technique are required to verify this finding. ER  - 
Testing for clopidogrel and aspirin anti-platelet activity in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS): Should we test, and if so when?$$$ Introduction: Oral anti-platelet agents are a cornerstone of treatment for acute coronary syndromes (ACS), and improve outcome after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Low responses to aspirin (ASA) and Clopidogrel place patients at higher risk of subsequent adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (ACCE). Near-patient testing devices and markers of platelet activation may identify this risk, but strategies for their use have yet to be developed. Methods: Two hundred and sixty nine consecutive patients (68.4% male, 18.6% diabetic) with ACS were studied prospectively. All patients displayed high risk features (elevated serum troponin (Tn), ECG abnormalities or both), received standard therapy and were due to undergo early angiography with a view to PCI. Those with other factors likely to influence platelet function testing were excluded. At angiography, blood was drawn for platelet count and TnT; response to ASA and to clopidogrel using a VerifyNow (VN) near patient testing device; plasma P-selectin levels; and presence of the CYP2 C19 2∗ allele, GPIIIa PlA1/2 and ABCB1 polymorphisms. Procedural outcomes were recorded and TnT repeated 16-24 h after PCI. At a 30-day visit clinical data were recorded and blood tests repeated. Patients were followed-up for ACCE (death, MI, repeat revascularisation, stroke and unplanned cardiovascular admission) at 30 days, 6 and 12 months. Results: VN results were available for 267 patients. For Clopidogrel, P2Y12 reaction units (PRU)>240 and ASA reaction units (ARU) 550 indicate a low response to each agent. PRU of >240 was observed in 46.2% of patients, associated with increasing age (p=0.003) diabetes (p=0.027), platelet count (p=0.001) and CYP2 C19 2∗ status (p<0.001), but not GPIIIa PlA or ABCB1 status. Low response to Clopidogrel at presentation did not predict ACCE at 12 months. Only 6(2.3%) had an ARU 550, patients with an adverse event at 12 months displaying higher ARU readings at presentation (450.3±53.3 vs 428.9±46.1, p=0.023). 151 (56.1%) underwent PCI, of whom 73(48.7%) demonstrated low response to Clopidogrel at presentation. This was associated with a greater periprocedural rise in Tn (p=0.046) and higher 30 day P-selectin (p=0.014), but did not predict ACCE at 12 months. CYP2 C19 2∗ status predicted VN PRU at angiography (p=0.001) and 30 days (p=0.022), but not ACCE. Low response to ASA at angiography was also associated with higher plasma P-selectin levels at 30 days (p=0.001), but did not predict ACCE at 12 months. Clopidogrel response at 30 days did predict 12 month ACCE (p=0.017), although P-selectin levels at 30 days were strongly associated (p=0.005). Conclusions: Near-patient testing for clopidogrel response identified patients at risk of subsequent events when performed 30 days following PCI, but not at presentation. P-selectin, a marker of residual platelet activation, was associated with low response to each agent when measured at 30 days, and may alone be a better indicator of increased risk. Figure Presented. ER  - 
Antiplatelet drugs do we need new options?: With a reappraisal of direct thromboxane inhibitors$$$ This review describes the current status of antiplatelet therapy in prevention of cardiovascular events of an atherothrombotic nature. The efficacy of aspirin clearly outweighs bleeding risk in secondary prevention, with the relevant exception of patients with peripheral arterial disease (PAD). In trials of primary prevention, aspirin has a limited advantage, which is challenged by the risk of major bleeding. A typical example is primary prevention in type 2 diabetes mellitus, in which a number of trials and a recent meta-analysis have confirmed these limitations.In various settings, clopidogrel has been shown to be marginally more effective than aspirin. Despite a non-negligible bleeding risk, the combination of aspirin-clopidogrel has provided satisfactory results in conditions at high thrombotic risk but rather disappointing results in the long-term treatment of chronic stable cardiovascular disease. The combination of aspirin-dipyridamole was shown to be superior to aspirin alone and equivalent to clopidogrel alone for secondary prevention in cerebrovascular patients.Limitations in the efficacy of antiplatelet agents are partly inherent in their mechanism of action and should not be considered simply as 'treatment failures'. Among other factors, individual variability of response to antiplatelet drugs also plays a meaningful role. Variability of response and 'resistance' may result from drug interactions, baseline and residual platelet hyperactivity, increased platelet turnover, pharmacogenetic factors and others. Poor biological response to aspirin andor clopidogrel is also frequent in clinical settings such as diabetes, obesity and acute coronary syndromes. The correlation between biological resistance and impaired clinical efficacy of aspirin, and especially clopidogrel, is currently accepted, although with limitations due to the different methods used to assess platelet response. Indeed, the concept of individual 'tailoring' of antiplatelet regimens on the basis of previous laboratory or 'point of care' platelet function tests has been validated in a number of recent trials.The search for and validation of new antiplatelet agents with already known, or totally new, mechanisms of action have also been undertaken with increasing eagerness. Among new adenosine diphosphate receptor antagonists, prasugrel is already registered, and ticagrelor and cangrelor are being developed. New mechanisms being explored are blockade of thrombin-induced platelet aggregation (vorapaxar SCH 530398), and inhibition of collagen and ristocetin-mediated platelet functions (DZ-697b).Reappraisal of the neglected class of direct thromboxane A2 antagonists was followed with less interest. Besides blocking the effects of thromboxane produced from platelets, drugs of this class (such as terutroban sodium and picotamide) may also protect cells from thromboxane produced by sources other than platelets, and some of them may preserve or enhance prostacyclin production. Terutroban is presently being tested in PAD and stroke prevention. Picotamide, marketed in Italy, was shown to reduce cardiovascular events and mortality in studies of PAD patients with diabetes. The results available with thromboxane inhibitors are particularly interesting because they are being obtained in conditions, such as type 2 diabetes and PAD, which are known to be refractory to aspirin. © 2010 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Impaired Endogenous Thrombolysis in Acute Coronary Syndrome Patients Predicts Cardiovascular Death and Nonfatal Myocardial Infarction$$$ Objectives: Our objective was to assess endogenous thrombolytic activity in acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients and relate this to their likelihood of future adverse cardiovascular events. Background: Spontaneous lysis of platelet-rich thrombi is an important defense mechanism against lasting occlusion. Despite convincing evidence for the role of endogenous fibrinolysis in ACS, the prognostic value of plasma fibrinolytic markers in assessing risk is limited. We employed a novel global test which, in addition to platelet reactivity, allows assessment of endogenous thrombolytic activity to identify ACS patients who remain at risk of cardiovascular events. Methods: We used the global thrombosis test (GTT) to assess thrombotic and thrombolytic status in 300 ACS patients receiving dual-antiplatelet therapy. The test assesses the time required to form an occlusive thrombus, the occlusion time (OT), and the time to lyse this, the lysis time (LT). The end point of the study at 12 months' follow-up was the composite of death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or stroke. Results: The OT and LT were both prolonged in ACS patients compared with normal volunteers (p < 0.001). LT ≥3,000 s occurred in 23% of ACS patients versus none of the normal subjects and was a significant and independent predictor of cardiovascular death and nonfatal myocardial infarction in a multivariate model adjusted for cardiovascular risk factors. LT ≥3,000 s was the optimal cutoff value for predicting 12-month major adverse cardiovascular events (hazard ratio [HR]: 2.52, 95% confidence interval: 1.34 to 4.71, p = 0.004) and cardiovascular death (HR: 4.2, 95% confidence interval: 1.13 to 15.62, p = 0.033). HR increased further as LT increased. No association was found between OT and the risk of major adverse cardiovascular events. Conclusions: Assessment of endogenous thrombolytic status based on the lysis of platelet-rich thrombi from native blood using the point-of-care GTT can identify ACS patients at risk of future cardiac events. © 2010 American College of Cardiology Foundation. ER  - 
Limitations of current therapies to prevent thrombosis: A need for novel strategies$$$ Bleeding limits the benefit of current anti-platelet drugs for preventing heart attacks and stroke. Aspirin and clopidogrel, the two most widely prescribed anti-platelet drugs, are metabolized to active compounds that covalently and irreversibly modify their respective therapeutic targets (COX1 and P2Y12). The enduring effects of aspirin and clopidogrel are of concern in patients receiving anti-platelet therapy who require emergency surgery as this places them at greater risk of haemorrhage. As clopidogrel must be activated by cytochrome P450 metabolism, recent pharmacogenomic studies have revealed that patients lacking a functional allele of CYP2C19 derive no therapeutic benefit from the drug. Prasugrel, a second generation thienopyridine, whose bioconversion is not affected by CYP genetic polymorphism, demonstrates improved clinical benefit, but with increased bleeding risk. Anti-platelet drugs currently in cardiovascular trials that may have reduced bleeding risk include reversible P2Y12 antagonists (cangrelor, ticagrelor, and elinogrel), a PAR1 antagonist (SCH 530348) and an EP3 antagonist (DG-041). The platelet EP3 receptor for prostaglandin E2 is an attractive therapeutic target as EP3 antagonists may selectively avert thrombosis over atherosclerotic plaques without affecting bleeding risk. © 2010 The Royal Society of Chemistry. ER  - 
Understanding the pharmacogenetic approach to warfarin dosing$$$ Warfarin remains the drug of choice for longterm anticoagulation management in a variety of conditions. Despite an established role in prevention of thromboembolic events such as stroke, warfarin continues to be underutilized because of its association with serious drug-related adverse events. Lacking alternative therapeutic approaches, intensive research in the past decade has focused on making anticoagulation with warfarin safer. Much emphasis has been placed on defining factors associated with the wide individual variability in warfarin dose. Polymorphic sites in three genes, cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C9, vitamin K 2,3 epoxide reductase complex 1 (VKORC1), and CYP4F2, have been shown to affect stable warfarin dose. An overview of the persistent issues related to warfarin therapy and our current understanding of the genetic and clinical factors affecting warfarin dosing is presented. Finally, unresolved issues in improving clinical care of warfarin patients and future directions are provided. ER  - 
Cytochrome P450 2C19 polymorphisms are associated with reduced clopidogrel response in cerebrovascular disease$$$ Background: Clopidogrel is a prodrug that has to be converted to an active metabolite by hepatic cytochrome P450 (CYP) isoenzyme to inhibit platelet aggregation. CYP2C19 polymorphism is reported to relate with clopidogrel resistance in coronary artery occlusive disease and some studies suggested that competitive inhibition of antiplatelet activity of clopidogrel by other drugs metabolized by same CYP isoenzymes. In this study, we sought to determine the relation of genetic polymorphism of CYP2C19 gene on clopidogrel resistance and effect of other drugs on clopidogrel resistance in cerebrovascular disease patient. Methods: Total 118 patients with cerebrovascular disease received daily 75mg clopidogrel for at least 5 days and underwent CYP genetic polymorphism analysis using Seelplex CYP2C19 ACE Genotyping system and clopidogrel resistance test using VerifyNow® P2Y12 system. Genetic polymorphisms were expressed as extensive (1∗ /1∗ allele), intermediate (1∗ /2∗ , 1∗ /3∗ alleles) and poor (2∗ /2∗ , 2∗ /3∗ , 3∗ /3∗ alleles) metabolizer groups, and clopidogrel response were expressed as P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) and high PRU value suggested clopidogrel resistance. Effect of other drugs such as calcium channel blocker (CCB) and statin on clopidogrel resistance was also evaluated. Results: The numbers of each metabolizer group were 54 (45.8%, extensive), 48 (40.7%, intermediate) and 16 (13.6%, poor). The PRU values showed increment from extensive to poor metabolizer groups (extensive 185.57± 81.25; intermediate 221.13± 91.22; poor 314.81± 58.18, p< 0.0001). Patients co-treated with CCB (n=43) and statin (n=79) showed higher PRU values compared to non users butwith no significance (CCB co-treated 233.49± 95.41, not-treated 208.43± 90.01; Statin co-treated 220.85± 100.46, not-treated 210.90± 74.19). Conclusion: Our study showed patient with CYP2C19∗ 2 and CYP2C19∗ 3 allele polymorphism (intermediate and poor metabolizer group) had clopidogrel resistance measured by PRU value. There was no statistical correlation between CCB and statin with clopidogrel resistance in this study. ER  - 
Prevalence of “non-responsiveness” to commonly prescribed antiplatelet regimens in the late stable phase after TIA or ischaemic stroke depends on the platelet function test employed$$$ Background: The prevalence of ex vivo antiplatelet “non-responsiveness” in the late phase after TIA/ischaemic stroke is uncertain. Methods: Cross-sectional study to simultaneously assess platelet function in 42 patients on Aspirin 75mg/d & Dipyridamole MR 200mg bd combination therapy, and 23 on Clopidogrel 75mg/d ≥ 3 months after TIA/ischaemic stroke. Inhibition of platelet function was assessed (i) at high shear stress with the PFA-100, which exposes platelets to stimulation with collagen + ADP (C-ADP) or epinephrine (CEPI), and (ii) at low shear stress with the VerifyNow aggregometry system (Aspirin and P2Y12 cartridges). (i) On the PFA-100, ex vivo antiplatelet non-responsiveness was defined as failure to prolong the closure time > mean +2SD of our control range on the (a) C-EPI cartridge with Aspirin/Dipyridamole > 167s, and (b) C-ADP with Clopidogrel > 137s. (ii) On the VerifyNow (a) Aspirin non-responsiveness was defined by Aspirin Reaction Units (ARU) ≥ 550 on the Aspirin cartridge; (b) Clopidogrel non-responsiveness was defined as P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) ≥ 418, as per manufacturer's literature. Results: (i) With PFA-100, 17/42 patients (40.1%) on Aspirin/Dipyridamole were non-responsive on the C-EPI cartridge. 21/23 patients (91.3%) on Clopidogrel were non-responsive on the C-ADP cartridge. (ii) With VerifyNow, 3/42 (7%) Aspirin/Dipyridamole patients were non-responsive on the Aspirin cartridge. No Clopidogrel-treated patient was non-responsive on the P2Y12 cartridge (mean PRU 205; range 35-372). Inter-device concordance in the definition of nonresponsiveness was low for Aspirin/Dipyridamole (16%, κ = 0.33), and zero for clopidogrel. Discussion: Our study reveals a much higher prevalence of antiplatelet nonresponsiveness with the “high shear stress” PFA-100 than with the “low shear stress” VerifyNow analyser. Longitudinal studies in individuals with more robust definitions of ex vivo non-responsiveness are warranted to assess their clinical predictive value. ER  - 
Enhancement of aspirin-induced gastric bleeding by pretreatment of clopidogrel, an anti-platelet drug, in rats$$$ Background/Aim: Although antithrombotic therapy plays a central role in the treatment of apoplexy, cardiac disorders and peripheral arterial diseases, recent studies suggest that the risk of upper gastrointestinal bleeding is increased by the concomitant use of anti-platelet drugs with a low-dose of aspirin. There is, however, no direct evidence showing the increased risk of gastric bleeding in the animal model. In the present study, we examined the effect of an anti-platelet drug clopidogrel, a P2Y12 receptor antagonist, on gastric bleeding induced by intraluminal perfusion with aspirin in the rat stomach. Methods: Male SD rats were used after 18 h fasting. Under urethane anesthesia, two catheters were inserted into the stomach, one from an incision in the esophagus and another through the pylorus via an incision in the duodenum. Then, the stomach was superfued with saline at a rate of 0.4 ml/min using an infusion pump, and the perfusate was collected every 5 min. After an equilibration period with saline perfusion for 60 min, the stomach was perfused with acidified aspirin (5-25 mM in 50 mM HCl) for another 60 min. Gastric bleeding was evaluated as the hemoglobin concentration in the perfusate. Clopidogrel (10-100 mg/kg, PO) was given 24 h before the perfusion. Several agents, including omeprazole (30 mg/kg), cimetidine (100 mg/kg), teprenone (300 mg/kg), rebamipide (1∼10 mg/kg) or indomethacin (5 mg/kg) was given ID or SC, respectively, 90 min before the onset of aspirin perfusion, while PGE2 (1 mg/kg, IV) was given 5 min before the aspirin perfusion. Results: Perfusion of the stomach with aspirin dose-dependently provoked gastric bleeding with a significant increase of hemoglobin content in the perfusate. Pretreatment with clopidogrel, despite provoking by itself neither bleeding nor damage even at 100 mg/kg, dose-dependently increased the severity of gastric damage and bleeding caused by aspirin (50 mM). The gastric bleeding caused by clopidogrel plus aspirin was significantly reduced by prior administration of PGE2 and further potentiated by indomethacin. On the other hand, both rebamipide and teprenone significantly reduced the severity of gastric damage as well as bleeding in response to clopidogrel plus aspirin, while neither omeprazole nor cimetidine had any effect. Conclusion: These results suggest that clopidogrel, the anti-platelet drug, increases the gastric bleeding induced by a low dose of aspirin. Both rebamipide and teprenone are useful for preventing the gastric bleeding caused by aspirin plus clopidogrel. This model may be useful for screening of the protective drugs against gastric bleeding. ER  - 
Aggravation by clopidogrel, the antiplatelet drug, of antral ulcers induced by NSAIDs in Rats$$$ Background/Aim: Antithrombotic therapy takes a central role of the treatment for apoplexy, cardiac disorder and peripheral arterial disease. However, recent clinical studies suggested a risk of gastric adverse reaction on the concomitant use of antithrombotic drugs with nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). In the present study, we used indomethacin and flurbiprofen as conventional NSAIDs and investigated the adverse effects of antiplatelet drug clopidogrel, a P2Y12 receptor antagonist, on gastric antral ulcers induced by NSAIDs in rats, and investigated the effects of antisecretory drugs and mucosal protective drugs on the occurrence of antral ulcers induced by indomethacin plus clopidogrel. Methods: Male SD rats were used. The animals fasted for 24 h were re-fed for 1 hr, and subsequently administered indomethacin (30 mg/kg) or flurbiprofen (30 mg/kg) SC 1 h after refeeding. Six hours later, the animals were killed and the stomachs were examined for non-hemorrhagic and hemorrhagic lesions, separately. Clopidogrel (3∼30 mg/kg) was given PO 48, 24 h and 30 min before indomethacin treatment. Atropine (3 mg/kg), omeprazole (30 mg/kg), famatidine (1-10 mg/kg), rebamipide (1∼10 mg/kg) or teprenone (30-300 mg/kg) was given PO 1 h before indomethacin. Results: Indomethacin alone produced multiple lesions in the antral mucosa of refed rats. Clopidogrel, despite provoking no damage by itself, dosedependently worsened the severity of these antral lesions in response to indomethacin, with an increase of myeloperoxidase (MPO) activity. Similar results were obtained when clopidogrel was co-administered with flurbiprofen, in place of indomethacin. The antral lesions induced by indomethacin or flurbiprofen alone were mostly non-hemorrhagic, while they became hemorrhagic by the co-administration with clopidogrel. The severity of antral lesions induced by indomethacin plus clopidogrel was dose-dependently and significantly reduced by atropine, omeprazole and famatidine. Likewise, the aggravating effect of clopidogrel was dose-dependently attenuated by the pretreatment with the mucosal protective drugs such as rebamipide or teprenone, with a concomitant suppression of MPO activity. Conclusion: These results suggest that clopidogrel, the anti-platelet drug, aggravates the severity of NSAID-induced antral ulcers in refed rats, mainly converting from non-hemorrhagic lesions into hemorrhagic ones. The antisecretory drugs (omeprazole, famatidine and atropine) as well as the mucosal protective drug (rebamipide and teprenone) are useful for preventing such an adverse reaction in the antral mucosa caused by the co-administration of NSAID and antiplatelet drug. ER  - 
Cost effectiveness of prasagrel or chopidogrel for treatment of ACS patients based on genetic testing for CYP2C19 variants$$$ OBJECTIVES: Previous studies suggest prasugrel may be cost effective when compared to clopidogrel for treating acute coronary syndrome patients (ACS). Recent research has shown that the reduced function allele CYP2C19∗2 (∗2 allele) is associated with an increased risk of adverse events for ACS patients taking clopidogrel and a decreased risk for patients taking prasugrel. The purpose of this paper is to test whether using clopidogrel for all patients is cost effective compared to prasugrel for ∗2 allele patients in combination with clopidogrel for non ∗2 patients and to prasugrel only for New Zealand. METHODS: Effectiveness of clopidogrel and prasugrel from published TRITON-TIMI 38 clinical trials was combined with rates of ∗2 occurrence in Maori, Pacific Islanders, Asian and NZ European and national hospital records on rates and costs of hospitalisations 15 months post ACS for stroke, MI, bleeding, stent thrombosis and cardiovascular death. Decision tree modelling and Monte Carlo simulations examined the robustness of the results. RESULTS: Rates of the ∗2 allele differ significantly between NZ European (15%), Maori (24%), Asian (29%) and Pacific People (45%). Analysis of hospital records suggest that rates of MI, stroke, bleeding, stent thrombosis and cardiovascular death were much higher in the general New Zealand population than in the clinical trial population. The cost effectiveness analysis suggests that use of a genetic test to guide combined use of clopidogrel and prasugrel was cost effective for most age and ethnic groups, but particularly for Maori males (NZ$3184/QALY), Maori females (NZ$3687/QALY), Pacific men (NZ$4617/QALY) and Pacific women (NZ$7605/QALY). Prasugrel is more costly and less effective than clopidogrel. CONCLUSIONS: The results here suggest that the use of a genetic test to guide treatment decisions for ACS patients is cost effective, especially for Maori and Pacific peoples, and that prasugrel alone is not cost effective in New Zealand. ER  - 
Basic principles of platelet biology and clinical implications$$$ Platelet activation and subsequent accumulation at sites of vascular injury are the first steps in hemostasis. Excessive platelet activation after atherosclerotic plaque rupture or endothelial cell erosion may also lead to the formation of occlusive thrombi, which are responsible for acute ischemic events. Multiple pathways are involved in platelet activation, including those activated by adenosine diphosphate (ADP), thromboxane A2 (TXA2), serotonin, collagen, and thrombin. Antiplatelet agents used for prevention of atherothrombosis have focused on blocking the formation of TXA2 (eg, aspirin) and interfering with ADP stimulation mediated by the P2Y12 receptor (eg, clopido-grel). These agents, used alone or in combination, significantly decrease the risk for atherothrombotic events, but a significant residual risk for recurrent ischemic events remains. This has been, in part, attributed to persistence of elevated platelet reactivity despite the use of these agents. Several novel antiplatelet agents are currently under clinical development, with the goal of achieving more efficacious platelet inhibition. These include agents that more efficiently block TXA2-mediated effects, as well as more potent P2Y12 receptor antagonists. In addition, inhibition of the protease-activated receptor-1 platelet activation pathway stimulated by thrombin has emerged as a rational target for clinical development. An overview of the basic principles of platelet biology is given and currently available antiplatelet agents, as well as those under clinical development, are reviewed. ER  - 
Relation of CYP2C19 loss-of-function polymorphism to the occurrence of stent thrombosis$$$ Importance of the field: Major adverse cardiovascular events including stent thrombosis associated with residual platelet reactivity on antiplatelet treatment in high risk vascular patients is a hot issue that needs a strong effort to be solved. Dual antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel and aspirin prevents ischemic events and improves outcomes following acute coronary syndromes and percutaneous coronary intervention. However, adverse cardiovascular events occur in these patients, and several studies have shown that patients who suffer cardiovascular complications have high post-treatment platelet reactivity despite antiplatelet treatment. Clopidogrel requires conversion to active metabolite by CYP isoenzymes. Recently, CYP2C19*2 polymorphism (G681A nucleotide substitution) has been shown to be associated with decreased metabolisation of clopidogrel, poor antiaggregant effect and increased adverse cardiovascular events. Areas covered in this review: This review summarises the principal studies contributing to establish the relationship between CYP2C19*2 polymorphism and adverse outcomes in high risk patients on clopidogrel treatment. Take home message: Prospective studies are urgently needed to determine the clinical impact of a score that takes into account individual characteristics of patients - CYP2C19*2 genotypes, residual platelet reactivity, drugdrug interaction, as well as traditional and procedural risk factors - for the identification of the therapeutic strategy that provides the best benefit for the single subject. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Thienopyridine Antiplatelet Agents: Focus on Prasugrel$$$ Objective: To assess the potential role of prasugrel in the management of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) in older adults. Data Source: PubMed and International Pharmaceutical Abstracts searches (1966 to 2009) were conducted to identify pertinent English-language studies on the use of prasugrel. Study Selection and Data Extraction: All human studies evaluating pharmacokinetic/ pharmacodynamic or clinical efficacy of prasugrel were evaluated. Data Synthesis: Prasugrel is a third-generation thienopyridine antiplatelet agent. Other thienopyridine antiplatelet agents (e.g., clopidogrel, ticlopidine) have been associated with interindividual variability, drug-drug interactions, and unfavorable adverse effect profile. Prasugrel therapy is associated with more profound platelet inhibition and improved cardiovascular (CV) outcomes compared with clopidogrel; however, prasugrel therapy is associated with an increased bleeding risk. Prasugrel should not be used in adults older than 75 years of age, those who have had a recent transient ischemic attack (TIA) or stroke, those who have a low body weight < 60 kg, and those receiving medications or having conditions associated with a bleeding risk unless they are at a high risk for a CV event. Conclusion: Prasugrel therapy does not appear to be associated with interindividual variability in platelet aggregation and has superior CV outcomes compared with clopidogrel. No dosage adjustments need to be made for renal or hepatic impairment. Prasugrel shows promise for the treatment of ACS patients with clopidogrel resistance or those who have an increased risk of CV events (e.g., patients with diabetes); head-to-head trials evaluating these uses have not been conducted. Geriatric patients have an increased risk of bleeding with this agent. Additional studies need to be conducted to determine the appropriate population for prasugrel. Abbreviations: ACS = Acute coronary syndrome, ADP = Adenosine diphosphate, ASA = Aspirin, AUC = Area under the curve, BTR = Bleeding time ratio, CABG = Coronary artery bypass graft, CAD = Coronary artery disease, CHD = Coronary heart disease, CI = Confidence interval, Cmax = Maximum concentration, CV = Cardiovascular, CYP = Cytochrome, ESRD = End-stage renal disease, GP = Glycoprotein, HR = Hazard ratio, IPA = Inhibition of platelet aggregation, JUMBO = Joint Utilization of Medications to Block Platelets Optimally, LD = Loading dose, MACE = Major adverse cardiovascular events, MD = Maintenance dose, MI = Myocardial infarction, MPA = Maximal platelet aggregation, NSTEMI = Non-ST elevation myocardial infarction, PCI = Percutaneous coronary intervention, PPI = Proton-pump inhibitor, PRINCIPLE-TIMI = Prasugrel in Comparison to Clopidogrel for Inhibition of Platelet Activation and Aggregation-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction, Tmax = Maximum time, TIMI = Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction, TRITON-TIMI = Trial to Assess Improvement in Therapeutic Outcomes by Optimizing Platelet Inhibition with Prasugrel-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction, UA = Unstable angina. © 2010 American Society of Consultant Pharmacists, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Ticagrelor$$$ Coronary artery disease (CAD) is the single leading cause of death in the U.S. Therapies for CAD have been developed to inhibit platelet aggregation underlying atherogenesis. Clinical benefit has been shown with antagonists of the P2Y12 receptor, such as clopidogrel. However, concerns over patient resistance to treatment and relatively slow onset and offset of action have indicated the need for further pharmacotherapeutic development. Ticagrelor (formally AZD-6140) is a novel, reversible oral P2Y12 antagonist developed by AstraZeneca. In vitro and in vivo studies have confirmed that ticagrelor provides rapid, enhanced and maintained antiplatelet effects. These findings have translated to clinical trial investigations with further evidence for a significantly reduced mortality rate associated with cardiovascular events, myocardial infarction (MI) or stroke, and a favourable safety profile. Key clinical trials to date include the DISPERSE, DISPERSE2, PLATO, ONSET/OFFSET and RESPOND. Ticagrelor has been put forward for approval to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as an investigational oral antiplatelet treatment for the reduction of major adverse cardiac events in patients with acute coronary syndrome. Copyright © 2010 Prous Science, S.A.U. or Its licensors All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long-term use of oral antiplatelet therapy: From studies to practice$$$ Antiplatelet treatment (platelet aggregation inhibitors) is essential in cardiovascular medicine today. Aspirin and, more recently, clopidogrel are among the most important treatments of cardiovascular diseases.Although the benefit/risk ratio is generally favorable as secondary prevention, and justifies the treatment, it is less so in primary prevention and indeed, sometimes difficult to establish.Although the combination of two treatments seems attractive, it has been shown effective only for some indications.The principal risk of an antiplatelet treatment that inhibits clotting is bleeding, and the risk almost doubles when two treatments are combined.New platelet aggregation inhibitors, undoubtedly more efficacious, but also more likely to induce bleedings, will probably emerge. © 2009 Elsevier Masson SAS. ER  - 
Preinterventional clopidogrel response variability for coil embolization of intracranial aneurysms: Clinical implication$$$ Background & Purpose. Thromboembolism is one of the most serious complications in coil embolization for intracranial aneurysms, and antiplatelet premedication may reduce this complication. However, interindividual variation exists in the efficacy of clopidogrel. This study sought to elucidate the clinical implication of preinterventional clopidogrel response variability in patients who undergo coil embolization for intracranial aneurysms. Material & Methods. Clopidogrel premedication was given to 186 consecutive patients with 208 aneurysms who underwent elective coil embolization, and the response to the premedication was measured by a point-of-care antiplatelet function test (VerifyNow assay). Patients were stratified into four quartiles according the test results, and their correlation with occurrence of periprocedural complication was analyzed. The contribution of a variety of variables to the high residual platelet reactivity was also tested. Results. In this cohort, rates of thromboembolic events and all adverse events were 7.5% and 9.1%, respectively. The quartiles of the P2Y12 reaction unit of the adenosine diphosphate channel (PRU) showed significant tendency of thromboembolic events (p=0.013) and all procedure-related adverse events (p=0.009) while those of isothrombin receptor activating peptide channel (BASE) and percentage inhibition did not. Thromboembolic events occurred in 17.0% and procedure-related adverse events in 21.3% of the fourth quartile patients. The female gender was the only significant factor related to the fourth quartile of PRU in the multiple logistic regression analysis (p=0.014). Conclusion. Procedure-related thromboembolic events occurred more frequently in the upper-quartile PRU patients, especially in the fourth quartile. More aggressive antiplatelet therapy may be required in these patients. ER  - 
Antiplatelet drug resistance predicts thrombotic complications in patients undergoing cerebrovascular stenting$$$ Background: Antiplatelet drug resistance in patients undergoing cerebrovascular stent placement is not well characterized. Since the institution of platelet aggregometry testing in our hospital, we observed that patients who developed peri-procedural thrombotic complications were found to be highly resistant to oral anti-platelet therapy in the standard dosages. Here we characterize the effects of aspirin and clopidogrel on platelet aggregation and analyze the correlation with peri-procedural thrombotic complications. Methods: We used the VerifyNow aspirin assay to calculate aspirin reaction units (ARU) and the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay (Accumetrics, San Diego, CA) to calculate percentage inhibition of platelet function due to clopidogrel immediately prior to the procedures. All complication data were prospectively recorded as per New York state guidelines. We did an all-inclusive retrospective chart review to abstract demographic and additional clinical data for patients who underwent cerebrovas-cular stent placement from August 2006 through December 2008. Possible clinical indicators of peri-procedural complication were analyzed using the Pearson's 2 test. Aspirin resistance was defined as ARU > 550. Clopidogrel resistance was defined as percentage platelet inhibition < 40% as per the cardiology literature. P2Y12 inhibition < 20% was defined as high resistance to clopidogrel. Results: During the study time period, 48 patients underwent 51 stent placement procedures. 27 stents were placed for extracranial stenosis; and 26 intracranial stents were placed for intracranial stenosis or stent assisted coiling. For most patients undergoing elective procedures, aspirin 81mg and clopidogrel 75mg both daily were started 5 days prior to the procedure. Among 49 patients for whom the ARU were available, the mean was 457. A total of 5 (10%) patients were aspirin resistant. Among 49 patients for whom the P2Y12 inhibition was available, the mean platelet inhibition was 32%. A total of 33 (67%) patients were clopidogrel resistant. 16 (33%) patients were highly resistant to clopidogrel. 3 patients developed thrombotic complications after stent placement. Being highly resistant to clopidogrel correlated with development of a thrombotic complication (P<0.03). No other factor was statistically significant. Conclusions: Consistent with the literature, we found over half of the patients receiving clopidogrel were non-therapeutic. Asprin resistance was less common. High resistance to clopidogrel correlates with development of thrombotic complications from cerebrovascular stenting. Further study on the use and degree of platelet inhibition for neurovascular patients is required. ER  - 
High maintenance-dose of clopidogrel (150 MG/D) can not overcome the loss-of-function effect of the cytochrome 2C19 polymorphism$$$ Background: The CURRENT/OASIS 7 study showed that doubling dose of clopidogrel for 7 days in high-risk patients can reduce the risk of major adverse cardiovascular events. Because East Asian population has a higher prevalence of cytochrome (CYP) 2C19 polymorphism than Caucasian (60% vs. ∼30%), it is important to warrant whether high maintenance-dose clopidogrel of 150 mg/d (HMDC) can overcome the loss-of-function effect of genetic polymorphism. Methods: We enrolled 126 high-risk patients recieving HMDC after PCI (> 1 mo). Platelet reactivity (PR) was assessed by conventional aggregometry and the VerifyNow P2Y12 assay. High post-treatment platelet reactivity (HPPR) was defined as 5 uM ADP-induced maximal platelet reactivity (PRmax) > 50°%. CYP2C19, CYP2B6, CYP3A5, and ABCB1 polymorphisms were evaluated. Results: Compared with the non-carriers, the carriers of CYP2C19∗2 or ∗3 mutant allele showed higher PRmax after 5 uM and 20 uM ADP stimuli (40.7 ± 16.8% vs. 30.3 ± 12.6%, p > 0.001 and 54.2 ± 16.2% vs. 40.5 ± 15.8%, p > 0.001, respectively). Likewise, late PR and P2Y12 reaction unit were also greater in the carriers of CYP2C19 variant than the non-carriers. However, carriage of CYP2B6∗5, CYP3A5∗3 and ABCB1 polymorphisms were not associated with reduced platelet inhibition with HMDC. The prevalence of HPPR on HMDC was 21.4% , and the carriers of CYP2C19 variant demonstrated higher rate of HPPR than the non-carriers (8.7% vs. 28.8%, p = 0.012). In multivariate analysis (age, sex, BMI, genetic polymorphism, previous myocardial infarction or stroke, smoking status, hypertension, diabetes, chronic kidney disease, left ventricular ejection fraction > 45%, administration of beta blocker, ACE inhibitor, angiotensin receptor blocker, calcium channel blocker or proton pump inhbitor), carriage of CYP2C19 mutant allele was only an independent predictor of HPPR (odds ratio 5.405, 95% confidence interval 1.333 to 22.222, p = 0.018). Conclusions: Doubling maintenance-dose clopidogrel can not overcome the loss-of-function effect of CYP2C19 polymorphism. ER  - 
ABCB1 genetic variants, pharmacodynamic response, and cardiovascular outcomes following treatment with clopidogrel and prasugrel$$$ Background: Clopidogrel and prasugrel are absorbed by intestinal enterocytes following oral administration and may be subject to efflux mediated by P-glycoprotein (P-gp, encoded by ABCB1, also known as MDR1). In vitro work suggests the C3435T genetic variant in ABCB1 is associated with altered disposition of several drugs. Methods: We genotyped 293 healthy subjects in whom we measured platelet inhibition in response to clopidogrel and/or prasugrel and 2932 patients with ACS with planned PCI in TRITON-TIMI 38, a randomized trial of clopidogrel vs prasugrel for up to 15 months. Results: Individuals homozygous for the 3435 T allele (14% of healthy study) had an absolute reduction in maximal platelet aggregation after a loading dose of clopidogrel that was 6.8 percentage points lower (ie less platelet inhibition) than that seen in CC or CT individuals (P=0.019), whereas there was no difference in response to prasugrel (1.3 percentage points higher; P=0.42). Among ACS patients treated with clopidogrel, TT homozygotes (27% of study) had a 72% increased risk of the primary efficacy endpoint of CV death, MI, or stroke (HR 1.72, P=0.002, Top Figure) compared with CC/CT patients. With prasugrel, TT homozygotes showed only a trend toward an increased risk of the primary endpoint that was not statistically significant (HR 1.25, P=0.24, Bottom Figure). Conclusions: ABCB1 genotyping may identify individuals less likely to be protected from recurrent ischemic events in the setting of treatment with thienopyridines. ER  - 
Ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndromes undergoing coronary artery by-pass surgery: Results from the plato trial$$$ Background: Ticagrelor is a novel, reversibly binding oral direct-acting P2Y12-receptor antagonist. In the PLATO trial, which included 18,624 randomized patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS), ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel significantly reduced the risk of the primary composite endpoint of cardiovascular (CV) death, myocardial infarction or stroke (RR 0.84; 95% CI 0.77-0.92, p<0.001). This report concerns the outcome in patients treated with coronary artery by-pass (CABG) surgery during the trial. Methods: In total, 1,899 patients underwent CABG post randomization. The protocol recommended ticagrelor/placebo to be withheld for 24-72 hrs and clopidogrel/placebo for 5 days. 1,261 patients underwent CABG and were on study drug treatment <7 days prior to surgery. The statistical analysis was based on events occurring from the CABG procedure until the end of the study. Results: In the 1261 patient cohort, the relative reduction of primary composite endpoint [10.5% (66/631) with ticagrelor vs. 12.6% (79/629) with clopidogrel; RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.60-1.16, p=0.29] showed no heterogeneity in comparison to the total trial result at one year. Total mortality was reduced from 9.2% (58/629) to 4.6% (29/631) (RR 0.49 CI 0.32-0.77; P<0.01), cardiovascular (CV) death from 7.5% (47/629) to 4.0% (25/631) (P<0.01) and non-CV death from 1.7% to 0.6% (P=0.07). There was no significant difference in CABG-related major bleedings between the randomized treatments. Conclusions: In patients undergoing CABG within 7 days after the last study drug intake, ticagrelor compared to clopidogrel was associated with a substantial reduction in total and CV mortality without any change in the risk of CABG-related bleeding. ER  - 
Antithrombotic drugs for patients with ischaemic stroke and transient ischaemic attack to prevent recurrent major vascular events$$$ Aspirin is widely used for the prevention of recurrent stroke in patients with transient ischaemic attack (TIA) and ischaemic stroke of arterial origin, because it is effective and inexpensive. Clopidogrel and the combination of aspirin and extended-release dipyridamole are more effective than aspirin, but are also much more expensive. No other antithrombotic regimens provide significant advantages over aspirin, although cilostazol and the novel platelet protease activated receptor-1 antagonist, SCH 530348, are currently being evaluated. For patients with TIA and ischaemic stroke of cardiac origin due to atrial fibrillation, vitamin K antagonists (VKAs) are highly effective in preventing recurrent ischaemic stroke but have important limitations and are thus underused. Antiplatelet therapy is much less effective than VKAs. The direct thrombin inhibitor, dabigatran etexilate, has shown efficacy over warfarin in a recent trial. Other new anticoagulants, including the oral factor Xa inhibitors, rivaroxaban, apixaban, and edoxaban, the parenteral factor Xa inhibitor, idrabiotaparinux, and the novel VKA, tecarfarin, are currently being assessed. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Rivaroxaban: A new oral factor xa inhibitor$$$ Rivaroxaban is a direct inhibitor of factor Xa, a coagulation factor at a critical juncture in the blood coagulation pathway leading to thrombin generation and clot formation. It is selective for human factor Xa, for which it has >10 000-fold greater selectivity than for other biologically relevant serine proteases (half-maximal inhibitory concentration [IC50], >20 μmol/L). Rivaroxaban inhibits factor Xa in a concentration-dependent manner (inhibitory constant [Ki], 0.4 nmol/L) and binds rapidly (kinetic association rate constant [kon], 1.7×10 mol/L s) and reversibly (kinetic dissociation rate constant [koff], 5×10 s). By inhibiting prothrombinase complex-bound (IC50, 2.1 nmol/L) and clot-associated factor Xa (IC50, 75 nmol/L), rivaroxaban reduces the thrombin burst during the propagation phase. In animal models of venous and arterial thrombosis, rivaroxaban showed dose-dependent antithrombotic activity. In healthy individuals, rivaroxaban was found to have predictable pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics across a 5-to 80-mg total daily dose range, inhibiting factor Xa activity and prolonging plasma clotting time. In phase III clinical trials, rivaroxaban regimens reduced rates of venous thromboembolism in patients after total hip or knee arthroplasty compared with enoxaparin regimens, without significant differences in rates of major bleeding, showing that rivaroxaban has a favorable benefit-to-risk profile. © 2010 American Heart Association, Inc. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of ticagrelor: A reversible P2Y12 receptor antagonist$$$ OBJECTIVE: To summarize the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties of ticagrelor, a selective P2Y12 receptor antagonist, and evaluate its role in the treatment of patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). DATA SOURCES: A literature search was conducted in MEDLINE (1966-November 2009), International Pharmaceutical Abstracts (1970-November 2009), and EMBASE (1990-November 2009) using the MeSH terms and key words AZD6140, ticagrelor, P2Y12 receptor antagonist, cardiovascular disease, ACS, atherothrombosis, and platelets. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: Selected studies evaluated the pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, safety, and efficacy of ticagrelor for the treatment of ACS. DATA SYNTHESIS: Ticagrelor selectively and reversibly blocks the P2Y12 receptor, inhibiting platelet aggregation and preventing amplification of platelet activation. Optimal dosing strategy as determined by ticagrelor's pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profile is a loading dose of 180 mg followed by 90 mg by mouth twice daily. At these doses, greater platelet inhibition is observed with ticagrelor as compared to clopidogrel 75 mg once daily in both clopidogrel-experienced and -naïve patients. Studies in patients experiencing ACS concluded that ticagrelor reduced the rate of cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, and overall mortality compared to clopidogrel without increasing major bleeding when administered with standard therapy for ACS. There was no significant difference in the risk of stroke with ticagrelor compared to clopidogrel; however, intracranial bleeding was more common with ticagrelor. Ticagrelor is well tolerated; however, minor bleeding, dyspnea, hypotension, nausea, and ventricular pauses were reported more frequently than with clopidogrel. Reversible inhibition with ticagrelor may allow for more rapid surgical intervention after discontinuation, suggesting greater flexibility in treatment of ACS. CONCLUSIONS: Ticagrelor's improved pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profile builds upon the limitations of currently available P2Y12 receptor antagonists. Ticagrelor represents a promising approach for the prevention of cardiovascular events in patients with ACS. ER  - 
Targeting platelet G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs): Looking beyond conventional GPCR antagonism$$$ Platelets are key mediators of thrombosis. Drugs that interfere with platelet activation substantially improve survival in arterial thrombotic disease. One attractive family of drug targets which has already been exploited in the development of antiplatelet agents are G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs). Yet limitations of present antiplatelet agents, including incomplete efficacy, bleeding and drug resistance, have spurred the development of new drugs directed at alternative platelet GPCRs. Compounds that target platelet receptors including P2Y12, protease-activated receptor-1 (PAR1), the thromboxane A2 receptor (TP receptor), the prostaglandin receptor (EP3 receptor), and the serotonin receptor (5-HT2A receptor) have been identified and are in various phases of clinical development and use. Yet, improving the clinical profile of reagents targeting platelet GPCRs may not be only a matter of blocking alternative GPCRs. A more detailed understanding of GPCR function is leading to the development of pharmacophores with novel mechanisms of drug action. Identifying compounds that work by alternative mechanisms may be equally or more valuable than developing reagents targeting different GPCRs. Pharmacological concepts such as GPCR oligomerization, allosterism, and targeting GPCR-G protein interactions may ultimately provide opportunities to more effectively control platelet activation in the clinical setting. In this review, we will discuss the utility and limitations of GPCR-targeted antiplatelet therapies in clinical use and development. We will also consider emerging concepts in GPCR pharmacology that have the potential to foster the development of GPCR-targeted reagents with novel mechanisms of action and improved clinical profiles. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Advances in antiplatelet therapy for stroke prevention: The new P2Y12 antagonists$$$ Thrombus formation at a site of arterial injury (eg, rupture of an atherosclerotic plaque in a carotid artery), a crucial step in the pathogenesis of cerebral ischemia, is initiated by the adhesion of platelets to the arterial wall. In vivo, activated platelets release adenosine diphosphate (ADP), whose binding to the platelet P2Y12 receptor elicits progressive and sustained platelet aggregation. As a result, this receptor has been a target for the development of clinically effective antiplatelet agents, such as the thienopyridines ticlopidine and, more recently, clopidogrel, the only two currently FDA-approved P2Y12 antagonists. Clopidogrel has a well-established role as an antithrombotic agent in the setting of ischemic stroke. However, several challenges remain, including the relatively slow onset of action of this drug and the phenomenon of clopidogrel response variability or "resistance". A number of novel P2Y12 antagonists are therefore under investigation to determine whether they can result in better or more rapid antithrombotic effects than clopidogrel, without an unacceptable increase in hemorrhagic (or other) side effects. These include 1) prasugrel, an orally-administered thienopyridine prodrug, 2) ticagrelor (AZD6140), an ATP analog reversible P2Y12 antagonist, 3) cangrelor, an intravenously-administered reversible P2Y12 antagonist, and 4) PRT060128. Whether the promising pharmacological profile of these drugs will be translated into clinical benefit for stroke patients will be determined by the results of clinical trials. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Drug interaction between clopidogrel and proton pump inhibitors$$$ Antiplatelet therapy using both clopidogrel and aspirin has been shown to reduce recurrent cardiac events in patients with acute coronary syndromes or in patients who have undergone coronary artery stent placement. Clopidogrel is a prodrug that is transformed in the liver to an active metabolite by cytochrome P450 enzyme. Due to the concern of bleeding in patients on both clopidogrel and aspirin therapy, concomitant prophylaxis of gastrointestinal ulcer with a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) is occasionally prescribed. Data from recent studies have shown that PPIs, which are extensively metabolized by the cytochrome system, may decrease the antiplatelet activity of clopidogrel. This article reviews the metabolism of various PPIs and existing data regarding the drug-drug interaction between PPIs and clopidogrel. ER  - 
Anti-thrombotic medications for the neurointerventionist: Aspirin and clopidogrel$$$ The majority of neurological complications encountered during neuroendovascular procedures are a result of thromboembolic phenomena. This has become increasingly evident as techniques have evolved to incorporate an ever-growing volume of temporary and permanently implanted adjunctive devices. By optimizing our anti-thrombotic management strategies we can potentially improve procedural safety. The appropriate selection of anti-thrombotic regimens for neurointerventional procedures poses a unique set of challenges when compared with endovascular interventions in other vascular territories. Neurological procedures frequently target lesions that have hemorrhaged or have a lethal hemorrhagic potential - thus requiring that the operator maintain a tenuous balance between bleeding and thrombosis. Neurological end-organs are unforgiving, even of small emboli, further magnifying the implications of inadequate therapy. The spectrum of disease processes encountered within the context of routine clinical practice is very heterogeneous and each lesion requires a specific antithrombotic strategy. The diseases treated (eg, aneurysms, AVM, acute ischemic stroke, chronic atherosclerotic stenosis) are relatively uncommon in comparison with coronary or peripheral atherosclerotic disease. The field of neurointervention itself is still relatively new and continues to evolve rapidly, with innovation frequently outpacing clinical evidence. Predictably, within this environment, there are no large, controlled trials to guide anti-thrombotic management in most cases. For these reasons, medical decision making is based largely upon an understanding of the pharmacology of the agents used and an extrapolation of the literature from other fields. In this review we discuss aspirin and clopidogrel, the two anti-platelet agents commonly used in conjunction with endovascular stents and stent-like devices. We will discuss their pharmacology and applications in neuroendovascular therapeutics with a focus on practical solutions to dilemmas that are encountered during the course of daily clinical practice. ER  - 
First prospective comparison between platelet function tests in prediction of clinical outcome in 1100 patients undergoing coronary stent placement: Do point-of-care platelet function assays predict clinical outcomes in clopidogrel pretreated patients undergoing elective PCI (POPular study)$$$ Background: High on-treatment platelet reactivity (HPR) is associated with thrombo-ischemic events following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). However, the platelet function test that best predicts thrombo-ischemic events is unknown. Methods and Results: The POPular-study enrolled 1069 consecutive patients on clopidogrel-therapy undergoing elective PCI. On-treatment platelet reactivity was measured in parallel by light transmittance aggregometry (LTA), the VerifyNow® P2Y12 assay, the Plateletworks® assay, the IMPACT-R (with and without pre-stimulation with adenosine diphosphate [ADP]) and the PFA-100® System (with the Dade® PFA Collagen/ADP Test Cartridge and the novel INNOVANCE® PFA P2Y∗). Cut-off values for HPR were established by receiver-operator characteristic curve analysis. At one-year follow-up, the primary endpoint-a composite of all-cause death, non-fatal acute myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis and non-fatal ischemic stroke- occurred more frequently in patients with HPR as assessed by LTA (11.7% vs 6.0%, p=0.0009 with 5 μmol/L ADP and 12.0% vs 6.2%, p=0.001 using 20 μmol/L ADP), the VerifyNow® P2Y12 assay (13.3% vs 5.7%, p< 0.0001), the Plateletworks® assay (12.6% vs 6.1%, p=0.005) and INNOVANCE® PFA P2Y∗ (10.8% vs 6.3%, p=0.15). In contrast, the IMPACT-R and the Dade® PFA Collagen/ADP Test Cartridge were unable to discriminate between patients with and without ischemic events at one-year follow-up. Conclusions: The LTA, the VerifyNow® P2Y12 assay and the Plateletworks® are able to identify patients undergoing PCI who are at higher risk for thrombo-ischemic events. The novel INNOVANCE® PFA P2Y∗ seems promising. The IMPACT-R and the Dade® PFA Collagen/ADP Test Cartridge were unable to identify higher-risk patients. ER  - 
Comparison of ticagrelor, the first reversible oral P2Y12 receptor antagonist, with clopidogrel in patients with ST-Elevation acute coronary syndromes: Results from the PLATelet inhibition and patient outcomes (PLATO) trial$$$ Background: Ticagrelor, the first reversible oral P2Y12 receptor antagonist provides faster, greater, and more consistent P2Y12 inhibition and might therefore be an alternative to clopidogrel. The PLATO trial tested whether ticagrelor is superior to clopidogrel for the prevention of vascular events in patients with either non-ST-elevation ACS or ST-elevation ACS with planned primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods: PLATO, a randomized, double-blind, event-driven trial, enrolled 18 624 patients, of whom 7544 had been randomized after presenting with ST-elevation (or new left bundle branch block) ACS and being triaged to primary PCI. Patients were allocated to either ticagrelor 180 mg loading dose followed by 90 mg twice daily, or clopidogrel 300 mg loading dose (with provision for additional 300 mg at PCI) followed by 75 mg daily for 6 to 12 months, on top of aspirin. The primary efficacy variable was time to first occurrence of the MI, stroke, or death from vascular causes. Secondary efficacy variables included (a) all cause mortality, MI, or stroke; (b) the composite of death from vascular causes, MI, stroke, recurrent cardiac ischemia, transient ischemic attack (TIA), or other arterial thrombotic event; (c) individual components of the primary efficacy endpoint; and (d) all-cause mortality. Another predefined endpoint was stent thrombosis. The primary safety variable was the time to first occurrence of major bleeding. Results: PLATO recruited from 862 sites in 43 countries from October 2006 until July 2008. Follow-up was completed in February 2009. Baseline characteristics are summarized in the table. The results of the main trial are planned for first presentation as a Late Breaking Clinical Trial at the European Congress of Cardiology 2009. This presentation will show for the first time the results in the cohort with ST-elevation planned for primary PCI. Additionally, this will be the largest primary PCI population in a randomized trial ever. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Comparison of platelet function tests in predicting clinical outcome in patients undergoing coronary stent implantation$$$ Context: High on-treatment platelet reactivity is associated with atherothrombotic events following coronary stent implantation. Objective: To evaluate the capability of multiple platelet function tests to predict clinical outcome. Design, Setting, and Patients: Prospective, observational, single-center cohort study of 1069 consecutive patients taking clopidogrel undergoing elective coronary stent implantation between December 2005 and December 2007. On-treatment platelet reactivity was measured in parallel by light transmittance aggregometry, VerifyNow P2Y12 and Plateletworks assays, and the IMPACT-R and the platelet function analysis system (PFA-100) (with the Dade PFA collagen/adenosine diphosphate [ADP] cartridge and Innovance PFA P2Y). Cut-off values for high on-treatment platelet reactivity were established by receiver operating characteristic curve analysis. Main Outcome Measurement: The primary end point was defined as a composite of all-cause death, nonfatal acute myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, and ischemic stroke. The primary safety end point included TIMI (Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction) criteria major and minor bleeding. Results: At 1-year follow-up, the primary end point occurred more frequently in patients with high on-treatment platelet reactivity when assessed by light transmittance aggregometry (11.7%; 95% confidence interval [CI], 8.9%-15.0% vs 6.0%; 95% CI, 4.2%-8.2%; P<.001), VerifyNow (13.3%; 95% CI, 10.2%-17.0% vs 5.7%; 95% CI, 4.1%-7.8%; P<.001) and Plateletworks (12.6%; 95% CI, 8.8%-17.2% vs 6.1%; 95% CI, 3.8%-9.2%; P=.005), which also had modest ability to discriminate between patients having and not having a primary event: light transmittance aggregometry (area under the curve [AUC], 0.63; 95% CI, 0.58-0.68), VerifyNow (AUC, 0.62; 95% CI, 0.57-0.67), and Plateletworks (AUC, 0.61; 95% CI, 0.53-0.69). The IMPACT-R, Dade PFA collagen/ADP, and Innovance PFA P2Y were unable to discriminate between patients with and without primary end point at 1-year follow-up (all AUCs included 0.50 in the CI). None of the tests identified patients at risk for bleeding. Conclusions: Of the platelet function tests assessed, only light transmittance aggregometry, VerifyNow, and Plateletworks were significantly associated with the primary end point. However, the predictive accuracy of these tests was only modest. None of the tests provided accurate prognostic information to identify low-risk patients at higher risk of bleeding following stent implantation. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00352014. ©2010 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The future of antiplatelet therapy in cardiovascular disease$$$ Mechanisms of platelet inhibition are reviewed with emphasis on the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic determinants of clinical efficacy and safety of antiplatelet drugs. Current developments in antiplatelet therapy are discussed in relation to both primary and secondary prevention of atherothrombotic complications. Interindividual variability in response to antiplatelet agents and new drug targets are outlined within the context of optimizing the balance between the cardiovascular benefits and bleeding risks of antiplatelet therapy. Recent advances in the pharmacogenetics of thienopyridines open the realistic prospect of a personalized choice of the most appropriate antiplatelet agent and tailored dose adjustment for an individual patient. © 2010 by Annual Reviews All rights reserved. ER  - 
Personalized healthcare in clotting disorders$$$ In terms of managing thrombotic disorders, genotype-based individualized patient care emerged as early as 1994 when the association of factor V Leiden (G1691A), and later, prothrombin (G20210A), with thrombotic phenotypes were discovered. Since then, genetic tests for specific thrombophilic SNPs have been routinely incorporated into daily practices in both thrombotic risk assessment and clinical decision-making with respect to prophylactic anti-thrombotic therapy. Recently, the area of pharmacogenomics in major anti-thrombotic drugs, such as warfarin and clopidogrel, has been the principal driver for personalized therapy based on one's own individual characteristics. © 2010 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Replacing aspirin and warfarin for secondary stroke prevention: Is it worth the costs?$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This review aims to determine whether it is cost-effective to replace aspirin and warfarin with more effective, yet more costly, treatments for secondary stroke prevention. RECENT FINDINGS: For preventing recurrent stroke of arterial origin, clopidogrel and the combination of aspirin and extended-release dipyridamole are equally effective and more effective than aspirin. However, limited data only support their incremental cost-effectiveness, compared with aspirin, in nondisabled patients at high risk of a recurrent ischaemic event (e.g. >20% per year) and when used for short periods (e.g. <2 years). Clopidogrel is also cost-effective for patients who are intolerant of aspirin. For preventing recurrent stroke due to atrial fibrillation, warfarin is cost-effective. Although the combination of clopidogrel and aspirin is more effective than aspirin, it is unlikely to be more cost-effective. Dabigatran is at least as effective and well tolerated as warfarin, but its eventual cost will determine its incremental cost-effectiveness. For atrial fibrillation patients in whom anticoagulation is contraindicated, percutaneous closure of the left atrial appendage may be an alternative strategy. Dronedarone may prove to be a cost-effective adjunct to antithrombotic therapy in patients with atrial fibrillation. SUMMARY: The incremental cost-effectiveness of newer antithrombotic treatments for secondary stroke prevention, compared with aspirin or warfarin, remains to be established. © 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Antiplatelet therapies for the treatment of cardiovascular disease$$$ Antiplatelet therapy has been successful in reducing mortality and morbidity in acute myocardial infarction. Recent advances in understanding the molecular basis of the role of platelets in cardiovascular thrombosis have enabled the development of new agents with the potential to further reduce mortality and morbidity. This article reviews the role of platelets in haemostasis and cardiovascular thrombosis, and discusses the benefits and limitations of current and investigational antiplatelet agents in the treatment of cardiovascular disease. © 2010 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic and clinical profile of novel antiplatelet drugs targeting vascular diseases: REVIEW$$$ Platelet inhibitors are the mainstay treatment for patients with vascular diseases. The current 'gold standard' antiplatelet agent clopidogrel has several pharmacological and clinical limitations that have prompted the search for more effective platelet antagonists. The candidates include various blockers of the purinergic P2Y12 receptor such as prasugrel, an oral irreversible thienopyridine; two adenosine triphosphate analogues that bind reversibly to the P2Y12 receptor: ticagrelor (oral) and cangrelor (intravenous); elinogrel, a direct-acting reversible P2Y12 receptor inhibitor (the only antiplatelet compound that can be administered both intravenously and orally); BX 667, an orally active and reversible small-molecule P2Y12 receptor antagonist; SCH 530348, SCH 205831, SCH 602539 and E5555, highly selective and orally active antagonists on the protease-activated receptor 1. A number of drugs also hit new targets: terutroban, an oral, selective and specific inhibitor of the thromboxane receptor; ARC1779, a second-generation, nuclease resistant aptamer which inhibits von Willebrand factor-dependent platelet aggregation; ALX-0081, a bivalent humanized nanobody targeting the GPIb binding site of von Willebrand factor and AJW200, an IgG4 monoclonal antibody of von Willebrand factor. The pharmacology and clinical profiles of new platelet antagonists indicate that they provide more consistent, more rapid and more potent platelet inhibition than agents currently used. Whether these potential advantages will translate into clinical advantages will require additional comparisons in properly powered, randomized, controlled trials. © 2009 The British Pharmacological Society. ER  - 
Bleeding in patients using new anticoagulants or antiplatelet agents: Risk factors and management$$$ The most important adverse effect of antithrombotic treatment is the occurrence of bleeding. in case of serious or even life-threatening bleeding in a patient who uses anticoagulant agents or when patient on anticoagulants needs to undergo an urgent invasive procedure, anticoagulant treatment can be reversed by various specific strategies. heparin and heparin derivatives can be counteracted by protamine sulphate, whereas the anticoagulant effect of vitamin K antagonists may be neutralised by administration of vitamin K or prothrombin complex concentrates. the antihaemostatic effect of aspirin and other antiplatelet strategies can be corrected by the administration of platelet concentrate and/or desmopressin, if needed. recently, a new generation of anticoagulants with a greater specificity towards activated coagulation factors has been introduced and most of these agents are currently being evaluated in clinical studies, showing promising results. the new-generation anticoagulants include specific inhibitors of factor iia or factor Xa (including pentasaccharides) and antiplatelet agents belonging to the class of thienopyridine derivatives. a limitation of the new class of anti-iia and anti-Xa agents may be the lack of an appropriate strategy to reverse the effect if a bleeding event occurs, although in some cases the administration of recombinant factor VIIa may be an option. © Van Zuiden Communications B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Extent of platelet aggregation inhibition and clinical events: New evidence with prasugrel$$$ Clopidogrel in combination with aspirin is the recommended standard of care for reducing the occurrence of cardiovascular events in patients presenting with acute coronary syndromes; these protective effects of clopidogrel have been shown both in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) and in those treated with medical therapy alone. However, significant shortcomings still exist, including a delayed onset of action in platelet inhibition, individual response variability (with some patients being frankly hyporesponsive), and a prolonged time to recovery of platelet function following cessation of treatment. Among these, clopidogrel hyporesponsiveness seems to be particularly important, as a growing body of evidence suggests that residual platelet reactivity on clopidogrel is associated with a significant increase in the risk of developing adverse clinical events. Prasugrel is a novel, third-generation oral thienopyridine that is a specific, irreversible antagonist of the platelet adenosine 5′-diphosphate P2Y12 receptor. Prasugrel has more potent antiplatelet activity, faster onset of action, and less interpatient variability as compared to clopidogrel. These pharmacodynamic properties led prasugrel to be more effective in preventing ischemic events in patients with acute coronary syndromes undergoing PCI in the setting of the recent TRITON-TIMI 38 study. However, the greater protective effects toward ischemic events were partially counterbalanced by an increased risk of bleeding, particularly in patients with history of transient ischemic attack/stroke, in those with body weight <60 kg and in those older than 74 years. A favorable net clinical benefit of prasugrel compared with clopidogrel has been shown. © 2010 AIM Publishing Srl. ER  - 
Premature preoperative discontinuation of antiplatelet drug therapy in cardiovascular risk patients: A preliminary study on the role of P2Y12 receptor monitoring$$$ Background and objective In high-bleeding risk procedures, discontinuation of antiplatelet drug therapy with clopidogrel may be requested by surgeons, usually 7-10 days before the surgical procedure. New platelet function tests, such as the vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein phosphorylation assay, may help to assess the perioperative status of the clopidogrel-specific P2Y12 receptor. Methods Using vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein phosphorylation assay, the platelet reactivity index (PRI) was measured in 80 individuals, including 20 healthy volunteers, 20 cardiologic patients under full antiplatelet drug therapy with clopidogrel and aspirin, 20 surgical patients without any antiplatelet drugs and 20 patients under clopidogrel, discontinued 7 days before the surgical procedure. Results The mean PRI (95% confidence interval) in healthy volunteers was 86 (82-89%) and that in the surgical control group was 77% (72-81%). In cardiologic patients under full antiplatelet therapy, mean PRI was 51% (42-60%). In the clopidogrel discontinuation group, PRI increased from 51% (40-62%) on day 0 to 65% (57-74%) on day 3 and to 76% (69-84%) on day 5. On the morning of surgery, mean PRI was 85% (80-91%). The PRI values on the 5th day were equivalent to those of the surgical control group (mean difference S0.4%, 95% confidence interval S8.6% to 7.8%, PU0.9). Fifty-five percent of the patients in the discontinuation group had a PRI of more than 50% on day 0. Conclusion The study using vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein phosphorylation assay, one of the new platelet function assays for the assessment of inhibition of platelet P2Y12 receptor, demonstrates that the PRI on day 5 after discontinuation of clopidogrel is equivalent to a surgical control group and it questions the rigid practice of delaying surgery for 7-10 days, particularly in patients without a clopidogrel effect. © 2010 European Society of Anaesthesiology. ER  - 
What you should know about the 2008 American college of chest physicians evidence-based clinical practice guidelines (8th) on antithrombotic and thrombolytic therapy$$$ The American College of Chest Physicians published their first consensus conference guidelines on antithrombotic therapy in 1986 and has updated these guidelines approximately every 3 years as a supplement to the journal Chest. These guidelines are widely accepted as an authoritative source of information and considered by many to be the textbook for antithrombotic therapy. The most recent guidelines are from the 8th consensus conference, published in 2008, and this article will highlight new recommendations that have evolved since the 2004 Chest supplement. Examples from the literature that support the evolution these guidelines will focus on changes that are most germane to the majority of attendees at the 10th National Conference on Anticoagulant Therapy and members of the AC Forum. The objective of this article is to help answer ten common clinical questions frequently faced by anticoagulation management services. © 2009 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Platelet thrombin receptor antagonism and atherothrombosis$$$ Clinical manifestations of atherothrombotic disease, such as acute coronary syndromes, cerebrovascular events, and peripheral arterial disease, are major causes of mortality and morbidity worldwide. Platelet activation and aggregation are ultimately responsible for the progression and clinical presentations of atherothrombotic disease. The current standard of care, dual oral antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and the P2Y12 adenosine diphosphate (ADP) receptor inhibitor clopidogrel, has been shown to improve outcomes in patients with atherothrombotic disease. However, aspirin and P2Y12 inhibitors target the thromboxane A2 and the ADP P2Y12 platelet activation pathways and minimally affect other pathways, while agonists such as thrombin, considered to be the most potent platelet activator, continue to stimulate platelet activation and thrombosis. This may help explain why patients continue to experience recurrent ischaemic events despite receiving such therapy. Furthermore, aspirin and P2Y12 receptor antagonists are associated with bleeding risk, as the pathways they inhibit are critical for haemostasis. The challenge remains to develop therapies that more effectively inhibit platelet activation without increasing bleeding complications. The inhibition of the protease-activated receptor-1 (PAR-1) for thrombin has been shown to inhibit thrombin-mediated platelet activation without increasing bleeding in pre-clinical models and small-scale clinical trials. PAR-1 inhibition in fact does not interfere with thrombin-dependent fibrin generation and coagulation, which are essential for haemostasis. Thus PAR-1 antagonism coupled with existing dual oral antiplatelet therapy may potentially offer more comprehensive platelet inhibition without the liability of increased bleeding. ER  - 
Measurement of antiplatelet inhibition during neurointerventional procedures: The effect of antithrombotic duration and loading dose: Neurointerventional reports$$$ Background/Objective Symptomatic thromboembolic events are the most common complications associated with aneurysm coiling, and carotid and intracranial stenting. Our objective is to assess the effect of aspirin (ASA) and clopidogrel dose and duration on platelet inhibition using a point of care assay in neurointerventional (NI) suite. METHOD The dose, duration, and point of care platelet function assay data for clopidogrel and aspirin therapy were prospectively collected between February 2006 and November 2007. Inadequate platelet inhibition for ASA was defined as ≥550 ASA reaction units (ARU), and for clopidogrel was defined as ≤50% inhibition of the P2Y12/ADP receptor RESULTS We collected data from 216 consecutive patients. Inadequate platelet inhibition was noted in 13% of patients on aspirin and 66% of patients on clopidogrel (P-value <.0001). Patients taking clopidogrel 75 mg for ≥7 days, 300 mg for 24 hours, and 600 mg same day load had a mean P2Y12/ADP inhibition of 45%, 35% (P-value =.09), and 16%, respectively (P-value =.005). Conclusion Premedication with clopidogrel, in contrast to aspirin, does not achieve adequate platelet inhibition in about two-third of the patients. Same day antiplatelet loading may be insufficient to achieve adequate platelet inhibition and should be avoided if clinically feasible. © 2008 by the American Society of Neuroimaging. ER  - 
New oral anticoagulants in development$$$ Although currently available anticoagulants are effective for the prevention and treatment of thromboembolic disorders, they have several drawbacks. Low-molecular-weight heparins and fondaparinux produce a predictable level of anticoagulation that obviates the need for coagulation monitoring, but they must be given parenterally, which renders them inconvenient for long-term use. Vitamin K antagonists, such as warfarin, are administered orally, but produce a variable anticoagulant response because genetic polymorphisms, dietary vitamin K intake and multiple drug-drug interactions affect their metabolism. Consequently, coagulation monitoring and frequent dose adjustments are needed to ensure that a therapeutic level of anticoagulation is achieved. This is burdensome for patients and physicians, and costly for the healthcare system. These limitations have prompted the development of new oral anticoagulants that target thrombin or factor Xa and can be given in fixed doses without coagulation monitoring. This paper focuses on the new oral anticoagulants in the most advanced stages of development. © Schattauer 2010. ER  - 
Emerging P2Y12 receptor antagonists: Role in coronary artery disease$$$ The use of oral antiplatelet therapy in reducing vascular events has been extensively studied. Currently available oral antiplatelet agents include aspirin and the thienopyridine P2Y12 receptor antagonists. These classes are combined frequently in the setting of acute coronary syndrome and percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Resistance to either or both of these agents is a major concern, as antiplatelet resistance has been linked to an increase in thrombotic events and worse clinical outcomes. As a result, there is a need for newer, more effective antiplatelet agents to address the limitations of currently available therapy. Prasugrel, a third generation thienopyridine, has been approved by both the FDA and European Commission. Two additional P2Y12 agents, ticagrelor and cangrelor are in advanced stages of development. The possible advantages of prasugrel over clopidogrel include a faster onset of action, reduced inter-patient variability and more potent platelet inhibition. Ticagrelor is an oral reversible P2Y12 antagonist with greater platelet inhibition compared with clopidogrel. Cangrelor is being developed as an intravenous P2Y12 antagonist with a very fast onset and offset, which may offer advantages particularly in the setting of coronary intervention. These emerging antiplatelet agents may offer advantages such as faster onset of action, greater potency and reversibility of platelet inhibition. This article summarizes the available clinical data on the upcoming P2Y12 antiplatelet agents in the treatment of coronary artery disease. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Modern role for clopidogrel in management of atrial fibrillation and stroke reduction$$$ Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common sustained cardiac arrhythmia. The prevalence of AF increases sharply in old age (prevalence approximately 10% among persons 80 years of age and older). The expected risk for ischemic stroke is increased five-fold by the presence of AF, primarily as a result of cardiogenic embolism. Multiple large-scale, randomized trials have been completed or are still underway to find optimal, efficacious, and relatively safe ways to reduce the risk of ischemic stroke and other systemic thromboembolic events related to AF. Antithrombotic strategies are accompanied by serious bleeding complications that threaten patients in need of medical stroke prevention. Treatment regimens for preventing thromboembo-lism in AF patients range from vitamin K antagonists such as warfarin or coumadins, antiplatelet drugs like aspirin or clopidogrel, to newly developed orally available antithrombotics like the direct thrombin inhibitor dabigatran, or the Factor Xa-inhibitor rivaroxaban. The available anticoagulant and antiplatelet drugs have different advantages and disadvantages. This review attempts to delineate the specific role of clopidogrel in patients with AF and at risk of stroke, taking into consideration new and ongoing trials in this important field of medical practice. © 2010 Maegdefessel et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
The role of platelets in atherosclerosis, diabetes mellitus, and chronic kidney disease. An attempt at explaining the treat study results$$$ Erythropoiesis-stimulating agents (ESA) are used to treat renal anemia. The TREAT study (Trial to Reduce Cardiovascular Events with Aranesp Ther- apy) of diabetic patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) found that the risk of stroke was significantly higher than in the control arm. This raises the question as to what causes this phenomenon. Platelets may play a crucial role in this context. Atherogenesis involves complex interactions between platelets and monocytes (platelet-monocyte crosstalk) and with endothelial cells. Platelets are activated in cases of diabetes mellitus, especially. During atherogenesis, partial functions of platelets other than those inhibited by aspirin, as a cyclooxygenase inhibitor, or by adenosine diphosphate receptor P2Y 12antagonists, such as thienopyridines, are of relevance. During platelet-monocyte crosstalk, specifically, an important role is played by adhesion receptors such as selectins and integrins. In addition, ESA cause platelet activation by direct and indirect mechanisms. Antagonistic thereto is a renal bleeding tendency in cases of severe CKD, due to platelet dysfunction, which can be remedied with appropriate renal replacement therapy and administration of ESA in order to reach a hemoglobin (Hb) level of 10 g/dl. However, if the Hb level exceeds 10 g/dl, the even stronger platelet activation caused by ESA, combined with the activation caused by diabetes, leads to a prothrombotic state, which in patients with severe atherosclerosis can result in acute atherothrombotic complications, in the genesis of which platelets play a key role. This would be one hypothesis for explaining the increased incidence of strokes in the TREAT study. © 2010 Urban & Vogel, Muenchen. ER  - 
Impact of genetic polymorphisms on clinical response to antithrombotics$$$ Antithrombotic therapy, including anticoagulants as well as antiplatelet drugs, is an important component in the treatment of cardiovascular disease. Variability in response to such medications, of which pharmacogenetic response is a major source, can decrease or enhance the benefits expected. This review is a comprehensive assessment of the literature published to date on the effects of genetic polymorphisms on the actions of a variety of antithrombotic medications, including warfarin, clopidogrel, prasugrel, and aspirin. Literature evaluating surrogate markers in addition to the impact of pharmacogenetics on clinical outcomes has been reviewed. The results of the studies are conflicting as to what degree pharmacogenetics will affect medication management in cardiovascular disease. Additional research is necessary to discover, characterize, and prospectively evaluate genetic and non-genetic factors that impact antithrombotic treatment in order to maximize the effectiveness and limit the harmful effects of these valuable agents. © 2010 Lanham et al. ER  - 
Controversies in oral antiplatelet therapy in patients undergoing aortocoronary bypass surgery$$$ Oral antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel is a major strategy to prevent thrombotic events in patients with acute coronary syndromes and patients undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions. Although this therapy is associated with both short- and long-term clinical efficacy, irreversible platelet inhibition and ischemic events associated with premature withdrawal especially in patients treated with drug-eluting stents constitute a particular limitation in patients undergoing surgery. The current review article is focused on the central role of platelets in the occurrence of ischemic events, the significance of antiplatelet therapy, the potential hazards of drug withdrawal in patients needing coronary artery bypass grafting, and future perspectives. © 2010 The Society of Thoracic Surgeons. ER  - 
Clopidogrel: A pharmacogenomic perspective on its use in coronary artery disease$$$ The thienopyridine antiplatelet agent clopidogrel is an effective drug for the prevention of vascular events. However, data has accumulated over time to suggest it is prone to significant interpatient variability. While there are several factors that contribute to this, one of the most important is variability in forming the active metabolite necessary for clopidogrel function. Several enzymes are involved in formation of this metabolite, and two, CYP2C19 and P-glycoprotein, appear to have alleles that both occur frequently in the population and have a clinically significant impact. Patients carrying these alleles can be identified, but it remains to be determined if this information is necessary or sufficient for risk stratification. Furthermore, if patients with high-risk alleles are identified, it is unclear how treatment should be adjusted. © the author(s), publisher and licensee Libertas Academica Ltd. ER  - 
Secondary prevention strategies for coronary heart disease$$$ Patients with established coronary heart disease (CHD) have a high risk of subsequent cardiovascular events, including myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, and death from cardiovascular disease. Adherence to evidence-based secondary prevention therapies for CHD has improved in recent years but still remains suboptimal. Mortality from CHD in the United States (US) has decreased substantially in recent decades. The decline in US deaths from CHD from 1980 through 2000 has been attributed to reductions in major risk factors and utilization of evidence-based medical therapies. It has been estimated that optimization of secondary prevention strategies could save as many as 80,000 more lives per year in the US. The American College of Cardiology (ACC) and American Heart Association (AHA) updated its guidelines for secondary prevention for patients with atherosclerotic vascular disease in 2006. The guidelines emphasize evidence-based developments in the field of CHD secondary prevention and also reinforce the need to implement these recommendations in actual clinical practice through programs such as the ACC's Guidelines Applied to Practice and the AHA's Get With The Guidelines. This review will discuss the epidemiology and risk assessment of CHD, current pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic strategies available for the secondary prevention of CHD, and summarize the guidelines and evidence that support these treatment options. There will be an emphasis on antiplatelet therapy given the important role of thrombosis in clinical cardiovascular events. © 2009 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Impact of genetic and acquired alteration in cytochrome P450 system on pharmacologic and clinical response to clopidogrel$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel has been shown to reduce subsequent cardiac events in patients with acute coronary syndrome or coronary artery stenting. Clopidogrel, a thienopyridine, is a prodrug that is transformed in vivo to an active metabolite by the cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzyme system. The genes encoding CYP enzymes are polymorphic. Recent data demonstrated patients carrying a genetic variant of CYP enzymes (e.g. CYP2C19) would have a higher rate of ischemic events than non-carriers due to an attenuation of the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic responses to clopidogrel. Furthermore, concomitant gastrointestinal ulcer prophylaxis with a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) is commonly prescribed to patients because of the increased risk of bleeding with dual antiplatelet therapy. PPIs are extensively metabolized by the cytochrome P450 system and have been associated with decreased antiplatelet activity of clopidogrel. In this review, we will discuss the impact of CYP450 enzymes genetic variation and CYP450 pathway drug-drug interactions in pharmacological and clinical response to clopidogrel. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Comparison of ticagrelor with clopidogrel in patients with a planned invasive strategy for acute coronary syndromes (PLATO): a randomised double-blind study$$$ Background: Variation in and irreversibility of platelet inhibition with clopidogrel has led to controversy about its optimum dose and timing of administration in patients with acute coronary syndromes. We compared ticagrelor, a more potent reversible P2Y12 inhibitor with clopidogrel in such patients. Methods: At randomisation, an invasive strategy was planned for 13 408 (72·0%) of 18 624 patients hospitalised for acute coronary syndromes (with or without ST elevation). In a double-blind, double-dummy study, patients were randomly assigned in a one-to-one ratio to ticagrelor and placebo (180 mg loading dose followed by 90 mg twice a day), or to clopidogrel and placebo (300-600 mg loading dose or continuation with maintenance dose followed by 75 mg per day) for 6-12 months. All patients were given aspirin. The primary composite endpoint was cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke. Analyses were by intention to treat. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00391872. Findings: 6732 patients were assigned to ticagrelor and 6676 to clopidogrel. The primary composite endpoint occurred in fewer patients in the ticagrelor group than in the clopidogrel group (569 [event rate at 360 days 9·0%] vs 668 [10·7%], hazard ratio 0·84, 95% CI 0·75-0·94; p=0·0025). There was no difference between clopidogrel and ticagrelor groups in the rates of total major bleeding (691 [11·6%] vs 689 [11·5%], 0·99 [0·89-1·10]; p=0·8803) or severe bleeding, as defined according to the Global Use of Strategies To Open occluded coronary arteries, (198 [3·2%] vs 185 [2·9%], 0·91 [0·74-1·12]; p=0·3785). Interpretation: Ticagrelor seems to be a better option than clopidogrel for patients with acute coronary syndromes for whom an early invasive strategy is planned. Funding: AstraZeneca. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
New approaches to stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation$$$ It is estimated that atrial fibrillation (AF) is responsible for almost 15% of all strokes. Several randomized clinical trials have demonstrated the superiority of adjusted-dose warfarin over aspirin for stroke prevention in AF patients, particularly in high-risk individuals. Current national guidelines from the American Heart Association/American Stroke Association recommend the use of adjusted-dose warfarin with an international normalized ratio goal of 2.0 to 3.0 for patients with ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack with persistent or paroxysmal AF, and aspirin for those who cannot take oral anticoagulants. However, the use of warfarinmay be challenging in some patients, and there is a need for alternative treatments. We describe alternative treatments for AF and provide an overview on emerging therapies. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2010. ER  - 
Personalized antiplatelet therapy for coronary artery disease patients: Is this the future?$$$ Clopidogrel has decreased the rate of thrombotic events in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. However, two major limitations of the drug have been involved in the persistence of a relatively high rate of adverse events. The recent literature suggested that improved platelet reactivity inhibition using a higher or tailored dose of clopidogrel, or a more potent agent, could reduce the rate of events. The development of new antiplatelet agents and the increasing availability of platelet assays are likely to profoundly modify current practice and favor personalized antiplatelet therapy. © 2009 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Prasugrel: A critical comparison with clopidogrel$$$ Thienopyridine antiplatelet drugs have been used for 15 years for the prevention of coronary stent thrombosis in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with stent placement. Ticlopidine, the first approved thienopyridine, has in large part been replaced by clopidogrel, a more potent and better tolerated thienopyridine. Now, prasugrel, the newest agent, is currently available for use in the United States. Although prasugrel is similar to clopidogrel, it is about 10 times more potent and has a quicker onset of action. Data from the largest trial comparing clopidogrel and prasugrel indicate that this increased potency and quicker onset of prasugrel equate to a reduction in major adverse cardiovascular events, although higher rates of major bleeding were reported. Prasugrel also differs from clopidogrel in that it may be less prone to drug-drug interactions and patient nonresponsiveness, although further research is needed in both of these areas. Given the totality of data available, prasugrel appears to be a promising treatment option for patients with acute coronary syndromes who are undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions. ER  - 
Prasugrel for the treatment of patients with acute coronary syndrome$$$ Prasugrel (CS-747, LY640315) is a novel member of the thienopyridine class of oral anti-platelet agents (also including ticlopidine and clopidogrel). Like other thienopyridines, prasugrel is a prodrug that is inactive in vitro. Prasugrel's conversion to its active metabolite is more rapid and efficient than that of other thienopyridines, with a less strict dependence on specific cytochrome P-450 enzymes. Prasugrel's active metabolite (R-138727) binds specifically and irreversibly to the platelet P2Y12 purinergic receptor, thus inhibiting ADP-mediated platelet activation and aggregation. Preclinical data and early clinical data in healthy subjects showed greater platelet inhibition and consistency with prasugrel as opposed to clopidogrel. Clinical studies in patients with cardiovascular disease confirmed the greater efficacy of prasugrel compared with clopidogrel. Collectively, these phase 1/1b studies and a phase 2 study (JUMBO-TIMI 26) aided in dose selection for the phase 3 trial (TRITON-TIMI 38) in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. This trial once again confirmed the greater anti-platelet effect of prasugrel, but also highlighted a higher risk of bleeding, even fatal. Another phase 2 trial (PRINCIPLE-TIMI 44) compared prasugrel and high-dose clopidogrel in patients undergoing cardiac catheterization for planned PCI. © 2009 Marzot and Pengo, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Ticagrelor - A new platelet aggregation inhibitor in patients with acute coronary syndromes. An improvement of other inhibitors?$$$ Antiplatelet agents play an essential role in the treatment of acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Thienopyridines are a class of drugs that function via inhibition of the adenosine diphosphate (ADP) P2Y12 platelet receptors. Currently, clopidogrel, a second generation thienopyridine, is the main drug of choice and the combination of aspirin and clopidogrel is administered orally for the treatment of ACS. Clopidogrel, is a pro-drug that needs to be metabolized in the liver and intestines to form active metabolites. Prasugrel, a third generation thienopyridine, was approved for use in Europe in February 2009, and is currently available in the United Kingdom. All thienopyridines however, have pharmacological limitations that lead to a search for more effective non-thienopyridine P2Y12 inhibitors. Promising results have been reported with ticagrelor, an oral first reversible, direct-acting inhibitor of the P2Y12 receptor. Ticagrelor is the first oral P2Y12 receptor binding antagonist that does not require metabolic activation. Furthermore, ticagrelor has at last 1 active metabolite, which has very similar pharmacokinetics to the parent compound. Therefore, ticagrelor has more rapid onset and more pronounced platelet inhibition than other antiplatelet agents. The safety and efficacy of ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel in ACS patient has been recently evaluated by the PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial. Ticagrelor compared with clopidogrel had a significantly greater reduction in the death rate from vascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke without major bleeding. There was however, an increase in non-procedure related bleeding, dyspnoea and ventricular pauses in the first week of treatment. Further studies on new antiplatelet agents are needed to establish a new "gold standard" antiplatelet therapy. © Med Sci Monit, 2009. ER  - 
Clopidogrel salts - Pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic and clinical aspects$$$ Clopidogrel hydrogen sulfate plays a central role as a platelet inhibitor in acute coronary syndromes, interventional cardiology and in secondary prevention of ischemic events in patients with myocardial infarction, stroke, or peripheral arterial occlusive disease (PAD). Compared to acetylsalicylic acid (as the standard antiplatelet agent), additional benefit has been shown for clopidogrel hydrogen sulfate in PAD. Regulatory authorities such as the "Bundesinstitut für Arzneimittel und Medizinprodukte" (BfArM) recently approved another clopidogrel salt (besilate), based on a bioequivalence (pharmaco-kinetic) study of the inactive mother substance (prodrug). The besilate was originally approved only for secondary prevention of atherothrombotic events in monotherapy (without additional ASA administration), but since mid-2009 - as clopidogrel generic - also for dual platelet inhibitor therapy with ASA in patients with acute coronary syndrome and/or coronary stent implantation, i.e., for the full Plavix indication. Taking the example of the besilate, this article describes which study data for the use of a new salt of the prodrug clopidogrel could be important and available for a pharmacological and clinical review. Additional supportive data might comprise (1) the pharmacokinetic characterization of the metabolite, conveying the pharmacological activity after being activated out of the inactive prodrug, (2) pharmacokinetics in women and elderly patients respectively, as well as in combination with ASA or other concomitant drugs, (3) pharmacodynamic data (effects on platelets), and (4) clinical data (safety and efficacy). Only in the light of these data can it be assessed whether a new salt of clopidogrel hydrogen sulfate has therapeutic equivalence compared to the well documented reference drug clopidogrel hydrogen sulfate. ER  - 
Clinical pharmacology of antithrombotic drugs in coronary artery disease$$$ Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of death in the Western world. Antithrombotic therapy is the cornerstone of its successful treatment. Clinical trials have demonstrated that antithrombotic therapy reduces the risk for recurrent myocardial infarction and cardiovascular death. Antiplatelet drugs and anticoagulants interfere with haemostasis and thus bleeding is a major risk factor of these drugs. The benefit of antithrombotic therapy must therefore be carefully balanced with the risk of bleeding and other potential adverse reactions of these drugs. However, to date there is no firm evidence that dosage adaptation of aspirin or clopidogrel according to platelet aggregation testing translates directly into any clinical benefit. Resistance to antithrombotic drugs is a serious problem because these patients are at a higher risk of myocardial infarction, stroke and cardiovascular death. It has most recently been demonstrated that resistance to clopidogrel is at least in part caused by polymorphism of CYP2C19. Clinical trials have also demonstrated that optimal benefit in different settings depends unequivocally on the meticulous choice of the various drugs. Thus, profound knowledge of the clinical pharmacological profiles of the different antithrombotic drugs is indispensable for successful treatment. ER  - 
Update on antiplatelet therapy in acute coronary syndromes: What do new drugs bring into clinical practice?$$$ The incidence of new coronary events in patients receiving dual antiplatelet therapy (e.g. cyclo-oxygenase inhibitors such as aspirin [acetylsalicylic acid; ASA]) and ADP receptor blockers (e.g. clopidogrel) is high. Therefore, it is critical to identify patients who require more intense treatment such as those with poor tolerance to existing drugs, those with genotypes that predict treatment resistance, diabetic patients, and smokers. The new ADP receptor blockers (prasugrel, cangrelor, Ticagrelor) can provide greater efficacy but it should not be associated with increased bleeding. Thrombin receptor antagonists (e.g. SCH530348) are another alternative that is currently being tested in randomized trials. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. ER  - 
Influence of platelet reactivity and response to clopidogrel on myocardial damage following percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with non-st-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome$$$ Introduction: A wide variability in the response to clopidogrel and magnitude of post-treatment platelet reactivity has been described. However, this has been demonstrated by light transmittance aggregometry, a method too laborious for daily practice. Point-of-care devices may overcome this limitation, but little is known on the predictive value of such measurements. Our objective was to determine the relationship between platelet reactivity and the incidence of myocardial damage following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in patients with Non-ST-segment Elevation Acute Coronary Syndrome (NSTEACS). Materials and Methods: This prospective study included 93 patients with NSTEACS and PCI. All patients received a loading dose of 300 mg of clopidogrel and 250 mg of aspirin. Myocardial damage was defined as any elevation above upper limit of normal or previous levels of troponin T, assessed every 6 h for at least 24 h following PCI. Platelet reactivity not related to clopidogrel (BASE reactivity), related to P2Y12 inhibition (P2Y12 reactivity) and inhibition of platelet aggregation (IPA) were assessed immediately pre-PCI with the VerifyNow® device. Results: Myocardial damage was detected in 60 patients (64.5%). Higher BASE reactivity was associated with myocardial damage (287.8 ± 62.6 vs. 260 ± 55.9 units, p = 0.043) while a trend was found for P2Y12 reactivity (173.4 ± 70.3 vs. 149.2 ± 58.4 units, p = 0.109). No relationship was detected for IPA. Multivariate logistic regression analysis confirmed that BASE reactivity (p = 0.04) and P2Y12 reactivity (p = 0.03) were independent predictors of myocardial damage. Conclusions: Platelet reactivity before PCI appears to be better predictor of myocardial damage than does response to clopidogrel. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Intracranial atherosclerotic disease$$$ Symptomatic intracranial arterial stenosis carries one of the highest rates of recurrent stroke (10%-20% per year) despite antithrombotic therapy. Stroke prevention strategies for intracranial atherosclerotic disease follow the guidelines for secondary stroke prevention that target atherogenic risk factors. These include following standard stroke prevention guidelines of weight loss for overweight patients, moderate physical exercise (at least 30 minutes most days), cessation of cigarette smoking, and a low-fat, low-cholesterol diet. Pharmacologic treatments include antiplatelet agents, statins, blood sugar control for diabetics, and antihypertensive medications. Goals may include low-density lipoprotein cholesterol less than 100 mg/dL (< 70 mg/dL in high-risk patients). The absolute blood pressure reduction target is uncertain, but average long-term reductions of 10/5 mm Hg are recom mended. Angio plasty with stent placement for the treatment of symptomatic severe intracranial stenosis (≥ 70%) is currently being evaluated in a phase 3 randomized controlled trial. It is unclear whether angioplasty with stent placement is superior to angioplasty alone for the treatment of intracranial stenosis, so both endovascular methods are currently acceptable. Complication and success rates for intra cranial angioplasty and stent placement are highly variable, so the widespread application of this procedure is generally not recommended outside of clinical trials and experienced centers. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009. ER  - 
Antiplatelet therapy for prevention of recurrent stroke$$$ Stroke is a common public health problem. About 25% of strokes are recurrent ones. Stroke subtype should be defined to determine the best evidence-based antithrombotic treatment option for preventing recurrent stroke. When choosing an antiplatelet agent for this purpose, clinicians should take into account cost, side effect profile, medical comorbidity, and patient preference. To prevent recurrent stroke, aspirin alone (50-325 mg/d), a combination of aspirin (25 mg) plus extended-release dipyridamole (200 mg), given twice daily, or clopidogrel (75 mg/d) may be used as initial treatment. Aspirin is an efficacious, relatively safe, widely available, inexpensive, and easy-to-use antiplatelet agent. Current evidence suggests that administration of low-dose aspirin (< 325 mg/d or < 100 mg/d in various studies) is at least as efficacious as higher-dose aspirin (eg, > 325 mg/d) but is safer. The combination of aspirin plus extended-release dipyridamole is more efficacious than low-dose aspirin alone (eg, 50 or 75 mg/d) in preventing recurrent stroke. Clopidogrel (75 mg/d) may be more efficacious than aspirin alone (325 mg/d) for prevention of recurrent stroke. Clopidogrel is a prodrug that must be converted in the liver to its active metabolite by cytochrome P450 enzymes. Certain polymorphisms (eg, CYP2C19) may prevent this conversion and lead to failure of clopidogrel to prevent major cardiovascular events. In patients with well-controlled or treated cardiovascular risk factors, aspirin plus extended-release dipyridamole and clopidogrel may provide similar results in preventing recurrent stroke, but aspirin plus extended-release dipyridamole may be associated with a slightly higher risk of major hemorrhage. Careful control of vascular risk factors is an important strategy for prevention of recurrent stroke, and blood pressure control reduces the risk of both brain hemorrhage and infarction. Prasugrel, a new thienopyridine derivative, more quickly and consistently inhibits platelets than clopidogrel. In stroke patients, prasugrel may be associated with a higher risk of brain hemorrhage, so it may not be indicated when there is a history of cerebrovascular disease. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009. ER  - 
Predicting and preventing stroke after transient ischemic attack$$$ The prognosis of transient ischemic attacks (TIAs) is not as favorable as previously thought. Given a risk of stroke of approximately 10% in the first week following a TIA, urgent evaluation and initiation of treatment are required. Recently developed scores to predict the early risk of subsequent stroke in individual patients may guide treatment decisions in the acute phase. Lately it has become clear that transient attacks with nonfocal symptoms are not benign either, as these were found to be associated with an increased risk of vascular disease. The significance of this finding and its implications for treatment are not yet clear. There is substantial evidence from a number of clinical trials that adequate secondary prevention therapies can reduce the risk of stroke after TIA. In addition to the conventional vascular risk factors, interest has grown in less strong but more prevalent lifestyle factors, but trials evaluating the effect of modifying these factors are as yet lacking. © 2009 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Current problems, new opportunities and future directions of anti-platelet therapy - Increasing role of novel antiplatelet agents in cardiovascular diseases$$$ The role of antiplatelet therapy in the management of coronary artery disease and its sequalae is of great significance. Acetil Salycilic Acid (ASA) has continued to dominate the field as a potent antiplatelet agent, due to its ease of use and cost effectiveness. In addition to this, clopidogrel has also been widely used with better long term administration results in patients with atherosclerotic disease. However, interpatient variability and resistance to clopidogrel has opened the doors for further investigative research to find another agent which potentially meets the pharmacokinetic demands whilst having a satisfactory safety profile. Prasugrel and other novel nonthienopyridine derivatives are currently under investigation, with previous trials showing very reassuring outcomes. Patented inventions along with large trials have shown that prasugrel significantly reduces ischemic end points, ultimately resulting in a decrease in Myocardial infarctions, thromboocculusive episodes and death. Further studies are required to support these findings before we are aware of all clinical effects of Prasugrel. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Platelet dysfunction and stroke in the female migraineur$$$ Some studies suggest that platelet activation and aggregation are associated with migraine, likely secondary to changes occurring during the acute attack. Evidence also suggests that platelet clots can lodge in small cerebral vessels, and that the resultant is chemia and inflammation can induce cortical spreading depression with aura-like symptoms and pulsatile headache. Endothelial dysfunction, a result of numerous vascular, genetic, and environmental risk factors, is more common in women with migraine and leads to altered hemostasis. When associated with other factors, such as oral contraceptive use, there may be an increased tendency for thrombus formation, secondary migraine with aura, transient ischemic attacks, and stroke. Identifying those migraineurs at highest risk of developing endothelial dysfunction and platelet disorders may allow for preventive strategies to avoid the cerebral consequences. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009. ER  - 
Role of prasugrel, a novel P2Y12 receptor antagonist, in the management of acute coronary syndromes$$$ Prasugrel is a new P2Y12 receptor antagonist that has been investigated for the treatment of atherothrombosis in patients with cardiovascular disease undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Similar to other thienopyridines, prasugrel is a prodrug that requires biologic conversion to active metabolites.Studies have demonstrated the ability of prasugrel to selectively and irreversibly inhibit ADP-induced platelet aggregation to a greater degree than clopidogrel. In a large randomized, double-blind, double-dummy clinical trial, it was demonstrated that treatment with prasugrel (n6813; 60mg loading dose followed by 10mgday) significantly reduced the incidence of a composite endpoint of death from cardiovascular causes, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or nonfatal stroke during the median follow-up of 14.5 months, compared with clopidogrel (n6795; 300mg loading dose followed by 75mgday) in patients with acute coronary syndromes scheduled to undergo PCI. The number of patients who would need to be treated with prasugrel instead of clopidogrel in order to prevent one primary efficacy outcome was 46.Landmark analyses found that prasugrel not only reduced the incidence of individual clinical endpoints and stent thrombosis during the loading dose phase (randomization to 3 days), but also that these benefits continued throughout the maintenance phase (from 3 days until the end of the trial). Nonsurgical-related Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction (TIMI)-major and life-threatening bleeds were significantly more frequent in patients receiving prasugrel compared with clopidogrel. Patients with a history of stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA) seem to be at especially high risk for bleeding, as well as patients aged >75 years and those weighing <60kg.A prespecified analysis of net clinical benefit, which took into account the effects on both the primary efficacy and safety endpoints, was conducted. After taking into account the higher bleeding rates, the net clinical benefit still favored prasugrel use compared with clopidogrel. However, patients with prior stroke or TIA, patients older than 75 years, and patients weighing <60kg did not demonstrate a net clinical benefit with prasugrel use.Prasugrel was approved for use in Europe by the European Commission in February 2009, and is currently available in the UK. In July 2009, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved the use of prasugrel for the reduction of thrombotic cardiovascular events (including stent thrombosis) in patients with acute coronary syndrome who are to be managed with PCI. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pharmacogenetics and stroke$$$ Genetic variations have been shown to influence drug metabolism, risk of adverse drug events, and pharmacodynamic responses for many drugs routinely used to treat patients with stroke or at risk for stroke. Examples include clopidogrel, statins, antihypertensive medications, and coumadin. Further validation studies are needed to assess the clinical utility of selecting drugs and doses based on genetic tests. Physicians, pharmaceutical companies, regulatory agencies, and health insurers continue to grapple with how best to translate this burgeoning field into effective individualized medicine. © 2009 American Heart Association, Inc. ER  - 
P2Y12 inhibitors: thienopyridines and direct oral inhibitors.$$$ The P2Y12 receptor has proven to be a key target in the prevention of complications associated with atherosclerotic vascular disease especially in the context of acute coronary syndrome and percutaneous coronary intervention in addition to aspirin. Three generations of thienopyridines, ticlopidine, clopidogrel, and prasugrel have proven efficacy in the prevention of ischemic vascular events but with increased bleeding. The concept of individualized tailored therapy has recently emerged with the discovery of the diminished effect of some thienopyridine among carriers of the loss-of-function cytochrome (CYP) P4502C19*2 variant. Non-thienopyridine P2Y12 antagonists have also recently demonstrated that these benefits are not limited to one class of agents or may be generalizable to reversible antagonists of this receptor. Future rational use of these agents will require attention to disease and patient features to strike the optimal balance of benefit to risk. ER  - 
Prasugrel: A review of its use in patients with acute coronary syndromes undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Abstract: Prasugrel (Efient®) is a potent, selective and irreversible inhibitor of adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-mediated platelet aggregation that is indicated for the prevention of atherothrombotic events in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) [comprising unstable angina pectoris/non-ST-segment- elevation myocardial infarction (unstable angina/NSTEMI) and ST-segment-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI)] undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Oral prasugrel provides rapid, potent inhibition of platelet aggregation and is an effective antiplatelet agent for the management of patients with ACS who are undergoing PCI. In these patients, prasugrel was associated with a significantly lower incidence of ischaemic events than clopidogrel, and was particularly effective in specific subgroups of patients, such as those with diabetes mellitus. However, the efficacy of prasugrel was offset by a higher risk of bleeding than clopidogrel, with patients aged ≥75 years, those weighing <60 kg and those with a history of stroke or transient ischaemic attack at the greatest risk. A lower dose of prasugrel in patients aged ≥75 years and those weighing <60 kg may help to minimize the bleeding risk, although more data are needed to establish this; prasugrel is contraindicated in patients with a history of stroke or transient ischaemic attack. Thus, prasugrel provides a new option for the management of patients with ACS who are undergoing PCI; the risk-benefit ratio should be carefully assessed before intensive antiplatelet therapy with prasugrel is initiated. Pharmacological Properties: Prasugrel is a potent thienopyridine antiplatelet agent that selectively and irreversibly inhibits ADP-induced platelet aggregation mediated by the P2Y12 receptor. Prasugrel is a prodrug that must first undergo biotransformation to its active metabolite via cytochrome P450-mediated hepatic metabolism. In healthy volunteers, patients undergoing PCI and patients with coronary artery disease, greater and more rapid inhibition of platelet aggregation was seen with prasugrel than with clopidogrel. Inhibition of platelet aggregation occurred ≤1 hour after administration of prasugrel. Metabolism of prasugrel to the active metabolite occurred rapidly with the peak plasma concentrations of the active metabolite reached within ≈30 minutes. Formation of the active metabolite was more rapid and extensive with prasugrel than with clopidogrel, potentially explaining its more rapid onset and greater degree of platelet aggregation inhibition. Therapeutic Efficacy: In a large, randomized, double-blind, multicentre, phase III trial known as the TRITON-Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) 38, prasugrel was more effective than clopidogrel in the prevention of ischaemic events during long-term follow-up for up to 15 months in patients with ACS who were undergoing scheduled PCI, as well as during the periprocedural period (first 3 days of treatment). The risk of death from cardiovascular causes, nonfatal myocardial infarction and nonfatal stroke (composite primary endpoint) in patients with unstable angina, NSTEMI or STEMI was significantly lower with prasugrel than with clopidogrel. Landmark analyses demonstrated this effect was apparent both during the first 3 days of treatment and from day 3 until the end of the trial. Prasugrel was also significantly more effective than clopidogrel in reducing ischaemic events in various patient subpopulations, including patients who had received at least one coronary stent and patients undergoing PCI for STEMI, while a more pronounced effect was observed in patients with a history of diabetes. The incidence of recurring cardiovascular events were also significantly lower in prasugrel recipients than in clopidogrel recipients. Tolerability: Bleeding events were the most frequently reported adverse events associated with prasugrel treatment. The incidence of TIMI major bleeding events not related to coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) was significantly higher with prasugrel than clopidogrel, including the incidence of life-threatening bleeding and fatal bleeding events. Combined non-CABG-related TIMI major and minor bleeding events were also more frequent in prasugrel recipients than in clopidogrel recipients, while a greater percentage of prasugrel than clopidogrel recipients discontinued treatment because of adverse events related to bleeding. Post hoc analyses showed that patients aged ≥75 years and those weighing <60 kg experienced no net benefit, and those with a history of cerebrovascular events experienced net harm and an increased risk of intracranial bleeding compared with clopidogrel. The frequency of serious adverse events not related to bleeding was generally similar between prasugrel and clopidogrel recipients. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Investigation of an interaction between statins and clopidogrel after percutaneous coronary intervention: A cohort study$$$ Background: Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet drug that is prescribed after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) to prevent stent thrombosis. Previous studies have suggested that some statins may inhibit the antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel via competitive metabolism of its activating enzyme cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4). Objectives: To investigate a possible interaction between statins and clopidogrel after a PCI procedure in a population-based cohort study. Methods: A population-based cohort study was carried out between January 2001 and December 2004 using the health insurance databases from Quebec, Canada. The primary endpoint was a composite of death from any cause, myocardial infarction (MI), unstable angina, repeat revascularization and cerebrovascular events. PCI patientsa66 years of age were followed from their initial post-discharge clopidogrel prescription until the earliest of study endpoint occurrence, end of clopidogrel exposure or end of study (90 days post discharge). Timedependent Cox regression analysis was performed. Results: We identified 10 491 patients who were prescribed clopidogrel post-PCI and 43.5% were also prescribed statins at the baseline discharge. During 1793 patient years of follow-up, 623 composite endpoints were observed. Compared to the reference group (non-CYP3A4-metabolized statins), the co-prescription of CYP3A4-metabolized statins (hazard ratio (HR) 1.16, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.91-1.47), or no statin use (HR 1.22, 95%CI 0.93-1.59) were not statistically associated with an increase in adverse outcomes. Conclusions: In this PCI cohort, the association of clopidogrel with CYP3A4-metabolized statins did not demonstrate an increased early risk of adverse cardiovascular events, although a small risk could not be completely excluded. Copyright © 2009 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Darapladib, a reversible lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 inhibitor, for the oral treatment of atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease$$$ Darapladib, under development by GlaxoSmithKilne plc, is a novel inhibitor of lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (PLA2), an enzyme that may link lipid metabolism with inflammation, leading to the increased stability of atherosclerotic plaques present in the major arteries. Darapladib exhibits favorable pharmacokinetics, minimal predicted drug-drug interactions, sustained blood levels with once-daily oral dosing and limited inhibition of other PLA2 isozymes. Preclinical studies in diabetic-hypercholesterolemic swine (useful for the study of human atherosclerosis mechanisms) demonstrated that darapladib attenuated the progression of arterial plaques to a higher-risk phenotype by reducing the number of inflammatory macrophages within plaques and dampening T-cell responses. Two phase II clinical trials demonstrated sustained lipoprotein-associated PLA2 inhibition with daily oral dosing, and favorable effects on markers of inflammation and plaque stability. Phase III trials are ongoing to assess the safety and efficacy of darapladib in reducing adverse clinical events in patients with atherosclerosis. © Thomson Reuters (Scientific) Ltd. ER  - 
The drugs don't work: Low response to antiplatelet agents in patients undergoing endovascular procedures$$$ Antiplatelet therapy is a mainstay for prevention of thromboembolism (TE) during endovascular procedures. Low response (LR) to antiplatelet therapy, identified using platelet function testing (PFT), may lead to higher rates of TE. This study reviews PFT options and discusses the epidemiology, aetiology and management of antiplatelet agent LR. A systematic PubMed search was conducted for articles addressing aspirin or clopidogrel LR, its management, and comparison of PFT methods with gold standard for LR detection. Articles addressed aspirin (n = 35), clopidogrel LR (n = 31) or both (n = 53), and platelet function testing (n = 92). Cardiovascular patients were the dominant study demographic. Aspirin and clopdiogrel LR was reported in 5-65% and 4-44% of cases respectively. Dual LR was documented in 6% of patients. Neurointervention studies (n = 3) reported aspirin and clopidogrel LR in 2.1-13% and 28-66% respectively. Non-compliance was the major reported cause of LR. Other significant factors included incorrect dose, poor absorption, hepatic cytochrome genetic polymorphisms, female gender, obesity, diabetes mellitus, smoking, hypertension and drug interactions. LR conferred significantly increased rates of peri-procedural stroke, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis and death compared to normal responders. VerifyNow and PFA-100 represented the most frequently used PFT platform, but were inferior to impedance aggregometry (Chronolog, Multiplate) when compared to gold standard optical aggregometry. LR was addressed by PFT-titrated dose increase, increased therapy duration, delay of procedure, and addition or substitution with other antiplatelet agents such as glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors. Assessment of pre-procedural platelet inhibition is not yet routine clinical practice. Comprehensive guidelines are needed to establish optimum PFT and establish reference ranges, timing and patient selection guidelines. If LR is documented patient-specific management plans will be required. ER  - 
What is new in individual based stroke prevention?$$$ Recent advances in stroke prevention include the results of the EXPRESS study, which showed that early treatment of TIA reduces stroke risk by 80%. The PROFESS trial made it clear that ASA/dipyridamole is no more effective than clopidogrel. There is new evidence that better control of the INR in patients with atrial fibrillation reduces stroke by half. Despite this, there is also recent evidence that only 10% of patients with high-risk atrial fibrillation (AF) are anticoagulated appropriately (to an INR of 2-3), and only 18% of AF patients with a previous TIA or stroke are appropriately anticoagulated. There is also new evidence that stroke risk in AF rises steeply with age (by 45% per decade), and that antiplatelet agents become less effective in older patients, whereas warfarin remains effective. It is therefore of great importance to find ways to overcome the reluctance of physicians to prescribe, and of patients to take, warfarin. A recent advance is the use of genetic testing to guide warfarin therapy, by assessing genetic variants of the enzyme that metabolizes warfarin, cytochrome P-450 2C9 (CYP2C9), and of a key pharmacologic target of warfarin, vitamin K epoxide reductase (VKORC1). New oral anticoagulants can be expected to replace warfarin, as they will be much easier to use. These include direct thrombin inhibitors such as dabigatran, and Factor Xa inhibitors such as rivaroxaban. Homocysteine promotes formation of red thrombus, markedly increasing the risk of stroke in atrial fibrillation, this explains why vitamin therapy reduces stroke risk. Proton pump inhibitors such as lansoprazole, omeprazole, etc. reduce the efficacy of clopidogrel because they inhibit CYP2C19, preventing the conversion of clopidogrel to its active form. The exception is pantoprazole. Resistant hypertension requires renin/aldosterone ratios. ER  - 
Thienopyridine therapy and risk for cardiovascular events in secondary prevention$$$ Platelets are critical modulators of atherothrombotic events. In the acute setting, platelets are activated and aggregate on the surface of atherosclerotic plaque that has ruptured, fissured, or developed erosions. The overlying thrombus leads to sudden development of arterial luminal obstruction, inducing ischemia and cellular necrosis. Inhibiting platelet reactivity is an important therapeutic goal in patients at risk for acute cardiovascular events. The thienopyridines are potent inhibitors of platelet aggregation and block the binding of adenosine 5′-diphosphate to purinergic receptors on the surface of the platelet membrane. The thienopyridine class includes ticlopidine, clopidogrel, and prasugrel. Clopidogrel is the most intensively studied. In recent years it has become apparent that approximately 20% to 25% of patients who would be expected to benefit from clopidogrel therapy are resistant to this drug, largely due to a polymorphism in the gene for cytochrome P450 2C19. The efficacy of clopidogrel can also be reduced if patients are receiving concomitant therapy with a proton pump inhibitor such as omeprazole. Prasugrel is a third-generation thienopyridine with faster time to onset and greater consistency in inhibiting platelet activity, and it has shown superiority to clopidogrel for reducing cardiovascular events in patients with acute coronary syndromes undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009. ER  - 
Pharmacogenetics in Cardiovascular Antithrombotic Therapy$$$ Thrombosis is the most important underlying mechanism of coronary artery disease and embolic stroke. Hence, antithrombotic therapy is widely used in these scenarios. However, not all patients achieve the same degree of benefit from antithrombotic agents, and a considerable number of treated patients will continue to experience a new thrombotic event. Such lack of clinical benefit may be related to a wide variability of responses to antithrombotic treatment among individuals (i.e., interindividual heterogeneity). Several factors have been identified in this interindividual heterogeneity in response to antithrombotic treatment. Pharmacogenetics has emerged as a field that identifies specific gene variants able to explain the variability in patient response to a given drug. Polymorphisms affecting the disposition, metabolism, transporters, or targets of a drug all can be implicated in the modification of an individuals antithrombotic drug response and therefore the safety and efficacy of the aforementioned drug. The present paper reviews the modulating role of different polymorphisms on individuals responses to antithrombotic drugs commonly used in clinical practice. © 2009 American College of Cardiology Foundation. ER  - 
Ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndromes$$$ BACKGROUND: Ticagrelor is an oral, reversible, direct-acting inhibitor of the adenosine diphosphate receptor P2Y12 that has a more rapid onset and more pronounced platelet inhibition than clopidogrel. METHODS: In this multicenter, double-blind, randomized trial, we compared ticagrelor (180-mg loading dose, 90 mg twice daily thereafter) and clopidogrel (300-to-600-mg loading dose, 75 mg daily thereafter) for the prevention of cardiovascular events in 18,624 patients admitted to the hospital with an acute coronary syndrome, with or without ST-segment elevation. RESULTS: At 12 months, the primary end point - a composite of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke - had occurred in 9.8% of patients receiving ticagrelor as compared with 11.7% of those receiving clopidogrel (hazard ratio, 0.84; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.77 to 0.92; P<0.001). Predefined hierarchical testing of secondary end points showed significant differences in the rates of other composite end points, as well as myocardial infarction alone (5.8% in the ticagrelor group vs. 6.9% in the clopidogrel group, P = 0.005) and death from vascular causes (4.0% vs. 5.1%, P = 0.001) but not stroke alone (1.5% vs. 1.3%, P = 0.22). The rate of death from any cause was also reduced with ticagrelor (4.5%, vs. 5.9% with clopidogrel; P<0.001). No significant difference in the rates of major bleeding was found between the ticagrelor and clopidogrel groups (11.6% and 11.2%, respectively; P = 0.43), but ticagrelor was associated with a higher rate of major bleeding not related to coronary-artery bypass grafting (4.5% vs. 3.8%, P = 0.03), including more instances of fatal intracranial bleeding and fewer of fatal bleeding of other types. CONCLUSIONS: In patients who have an acute coronary syndrome with or without ST-segment elevation, treatment with ticagrelor as compared with clopidogrel significantly reduced the rate of death from vascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke without an increase in the rate of overall major bleeding but with an increase in the rate of non-procedure-related bleeding. (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00391872.) Copyright © 2009 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
Platelet P2Y12 receptor inhibition by thienopyridines: Status and future$$$ Thienopyridines have a well-established role in the treatment of coronary artery disease, especially in the setting of acute coronary syndromes and percutaneous coronary interventions. Ticlopidine, the first FDA-approved thienopyridine, was shown to be effective in reducing coronary events in high risk patients, but the original enthusiasm was hampered by concerns about its serious bone marrow toxicity. Clopidogrel a second generation thienopyridine with lesser side effects, is not only at least as effective as ticlopidine, but in combination with a low dose of aspirin, has been demonstrated to reduce the risk of major cardiovascular events in acute coronary syndrome patients in large-scale, randomised trials. Recent studies have highlighted major flaws in clopidogrel pharmacokinetics due to its delayed onset of action, and much attention has been devoted to the phenomenon of clopidogrel 'resistance'. Among the novel, third generation thienopyridines, prasugrel as compared to clopidogrel has demonstrated lower inter-patient response variability and a reduced incidence of ischaemic events, but at an increased risk of major bleeding. Currently, several studies are continuing to test new direct P2Y12 receptor antagonists, such as cangrelor and AZD6140, characterised by a faster reversal of platelet inhibition. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
New antiplatelet agents$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Cardiovascular events are still a major concern despite dual antiplatelet treatment with aspirin and clopidogrel. Moreover, recent developments that improved platelet inhibition were associated with increased bleeding complications, suggesting that personal dose adjustment might be needed. This review is dedicated to new developments in antiplatelet agents other than ADP P2Y12 receptor blockers, which are discussed in a separate article of this issue. RECENT FINDINGS: The thrombin receptor protease activable receptor-1 antagonist SCH530348 and the thromboxane receptor antagonist terutroban are two promising agents that are now undergoing phase III clinical trials. Cilostazol, a phosphodiesterase III inhibitor, is currently tested in phase IV trials for several new indications. Despite previous disappointing results with oral GPIIbIIIa antagonists, new compounds with unique features are under development. In addition, targeting intracellular signaling pathways is a new area of research, with several attractive targets. SUMMARY: Recent development of new antiplatelet agents, including inhibitors of thrombin receptor, thromboxane receptor, phosphodiesterase, glycoprotein VI, GPIIbIIIa and signaling pathways, may lead to a more effective and yet safe antiplatelet therapy with an improved clinical outcome. © 2009 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
New P2Y12 antagonists$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The P2Y12 antagonist clopidogrel has a well established role as an antithrombotic agent in the settings of percutaneous coronary intervention and acute coronary syndromes. However, clopidogrel has a number of disadvantages that have led to the development of new P2Y12 antagonists. This article reviews the current status of clopidogrel and these new P2Y12 antagonists. RECENT FINDINGS: A poor response to clopidogrel as measured by in-vitro platelet function assays is associated with a poor clinical response to clopidogrel. A patient's response to clopidogrel is partly dependent on factors that decrease (reduced-function CYP2C19 allele; omeprazole) or increase (cigarette smoking) the metabolism of clopidogrel through cytochrome P450 in the liver. Novel P2Y12 antagonists (prasugrel, ticagrelor, cangrelor, and elinogrel) that have advantages over clopidogrel - including more rapid, less variable, and more complete inhibition of platelet function - are in various phases of development. SUMMARY: The clinical benefit of changing clopidogrel treatment based on platelet function tests, single-nucleotide polymorphisms, or both is as yet unproven. Novel P2Y12 antagonists are under investigation to determine whether they can result in better, more rapid, or both, antithrombotic effects than clopidogrel, without an unacceptable increase in hemorrhagic or other side effects. © 2009 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Platelet reactivity assessed by flow cytometric VASP phosphorylation is an independent predictor of death and cardiovascular death in unselected patients undergoing PCI$$$ Background: Impaired platelet responsiveness to clopidogrel is thought to be a determinant of cardiovascular events following percutaneous coronary angioplasty. The platelet VAsodilator Stimulated Phosphoprotein test (VASP) using flow cytometry is a new clinically practical platelet activation assay specific of the P2Y12 ADP receptor-pathway. Methods: In a large cohort of unselected patients undergoing urgent or planned PCI (n = 300), we examined whether poor platelet response to clopidogrel assessed by VASP analysis after PCI could be a reliable marker of cardiovascular mortality during follow-up. After PCI, VASP analysis was performed at least 6 hours following a ≥ 300 mg bolus dose of clopidogrel or later (up to 72h). Poor platelet response to clopidogrel was defined as a VASP value > 69% (PPR+). This value corresponds to the mean value -2 SD measured in untreated patients. Patients were followed at least 6 months for the occurrence of death, cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, target vessel revascularisation, and stroke. Follow-up was completed in 280 patients. Results: PPR+ was evidenced in 76/280 patients (27.1%). Mean cumulative dose of clopidogrel at time of sampling was equivalent between groups (PPR+: 619±1054 mg vs. PPR-: 556±478 mg; p=0.623). By univariate analysis, body weight, history of diabetes were associated with PPR+. At follow-up, all cause and cardiovascular mortality were higher in PPR+ patients (respectively: 9/76 (11.8%) vs 8/204 (3.9%); p=0.022 and 7/76 (9.2%) vs. 5/204 (2.5%); p=0.02). After ad justment for other parameters that affect mortality namely history of stroke, renal failure, PPR+ and history of stroke remained independent predictors of mortality. In conclusion, in unselected patients undergoing PCI, poor platelet responsiveness to clopidogrel (>69%) assessed by flow cytometric VASP phosphorylation is an independent predictor of death and cardiovascular death. ER  - 
Can we override clopidogrel resistance?$$$ Background: Stent thrombosis (ST) often leads to empiric modifications of antiplatelet treatments. Aim: To describe a novel clinical approach using pharmacodynamic and genetic information to override clopidogrel resistance in ST. Methods: Aspirin and clopidogrel pharmacodynamic responses were evaluated using light transmission aggregometry and the VerifyNowTM assay every 3weeks with established cut-off too define poor response. Genotyping was performed in all patients, testing the 2C19 alleles only. Results: We report 7 cases of definite ST (median time from stent implantation to ST of 6 days IQ[4-8.5]). Only one patient had a poor response to aspirin and (Graph presented) his daily maintenance dose (MD) was increased to 200 mg. All patients were resistant to 75mg and 150mg MD (figure 1). All but one patients were found to be carriers of the genetic variant 2C19∗2 (5 heterozygous and 1 homozygous). To check compliance to treatment, a new loading dose of 900 mg of clopidogrel was also administered in 4 patients in whom residual platelet aggregation (RPA) was >50% (figure 1). Four hours after the load, two patients remained fully resistant. Clopidogrel MD was increased to 225 mg in all patients except one (prior stroke). Resistance to 225 mg MD was found in 4 out of 6 leading to an increase of the MD of clopidogrel to 300 mg. Two were still resistant and two had improved platelet inhibition but side effects (stomach discomfort and joint pain). Compassionate use of prasugrel was initiated at 10mg MD in these 4 patients and all had an optimal response. Comments: A strategy of incremental increase of clopidogrel MD in patients cumulating clinical resistance (ST), biological resistance (RPA>50%) and a genetic profile of resistance is time consuming and little effective compared to a swith to prasugrel. ER  - 
Epidemiology and management of bleeding in patients using vitamin K antagonists$$$ Vitamin K antagonists are effective in the prevention and treatment of a variety of arterial and venous thrombotic disorders, but are associated with an increased risk of serious bleeding complications. According to well documented studies of patients using vitamin K antagonists, the incidence of major bleeding is 0.5% per year and the incidence of intracranial bleeding is 0.2% per year, however, in real life practice this incidence may be even higher. Risk factors for bleeding are the intensity of anticoagulation, the management strategy to keep the INR in the desired range, and patient characteristics. In case of serious bleeding complications in a patient who uses vitamin K antagonists, this anticoagulant treatment can be quickly reversed by administration of vitamin K or coagulation factor concentrates. © 2009 International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis. ER  - 
The acute (cerebro)vascular effects of statins$$$ The introduction of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase inhibitors, i.e., statins, constitutes a milestone in the prevention of cardio- and cerebrovascular disease. The effects of statins extend far beyond their effects on cholesterol levels: pleiotropic effects include vasoprotective mechanisms, comprising improved endothelial function, increased bioavailability of nitric oxide, immunomodulatory and antiinflammatory properties, stabilization of atherosclerotic plaques, as well as antioxidant and stem cell-regulating capacities. Large clinical trials have clearly demonstrated that statins reduce the risk of myocardial infarction and stroke.Recent experimental and clinical data have demonstrated that in addition to risk reduction, statins may also improve outcome after stroke and myocardial infarction, even when statins were administered after the event. Moreover, abrupt discontinuation of statin therapy after acute cardio- or cerebrovascular events may impair vascular function and increase morbidity and mortality. Beyond stroke, statin treatment also has been shown to provide protective effects in critically ill patients, e.g., after major surgery, sepsis, or in patients at high-vascular risk. However, although large randomized controlled trials are missing, ongoing trials will clarify the impact of acute statin treatment in these conditions. Although evidence is presently limited, acute statin therapy is emerging as a new therapeutic avenue for the treatment of the critically ill. Until now, statins were only available as oral drugs. An IV formulation may be warranted for acute treatment of severely ill patients, for example, those who are unable to swallow or scheduled for surgery. Hydrophilic statins would be suitable for an IV formulation and have been safely tested in healthy volunteers. Copyright © 2009 International Anesthesia Research Society. ER  - 
New antithrombotic drugs$$$ Thrombosis, both venous and arterial, is a major cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Consequently, there is an ongoing search for new antithrombotic drugs, particularly novel antiplatelet agents and anticoagulants. A better understanding of the biochemical pathways involved in platelet activation and coagulation and of the links between these systems and the impact of thrombosis on inflammation has led to the identification of new targets for antithrombotic drugs. This paper focuses on these new targets and new antiplatelet drugs and anticoagulants and describes the major advances in the continuing search for more potent antithrombotic drugs that have limited effects on hemostasis. ER  - 
Aspirin resistance - current issues$$$ In the last few years, the concept of aspirin resistance has been largely emphasised in the medical literature, although its definition, mechanism, and specific guidelines for its management remain unclear. Aspirin displays good antithrombotic activity. Various laboratory parameters assessing the efficacy of aspirin like bleeding time, platelet reactivity, thromboxane-A2 (TX-A2) production, and measurement of platelet aggregation, have confirmed the lack of its uniform effect on the platelets. Few studies have reported aspirin resistance to the tune of 5 - 45%. Various extrinsic and intrinsic factors influence the resistance. Numerous studies reveal that aspirin resistance can be overcome by combining it with another antithrombotic agent, i.e., clopidogrel. Further, clopidogrel resistance has also been reported. So, much is expected in the field of diagnostic tests in order to know the true picture of aspirin resistance. ER  - 
An update on new anticoagulant drugs$$$ The conventional management of thrombotic and cardiovascular disorders is based on the use of heparin, oral anticoagulants and aspirin. Despite remarkable progress in life sciences, these drugs still remain a challenge and mystery to us, and their use is far from optimized. The development of low molecular weight heparins and the synthesis of heparinomimetics, such as the chemically synthesized pentasaccharide, represent a refined use of heparin. Additional drugs from this knowledge will continue to develop; however, none of these drugs will match the polypharmacology of heparin. Aspirin still remains the leading drug in the management of thrombotic and cardiovascular disorders. The newer antiplatelet drugs such as ADP receptor inhibitors, GPIIb/IIIa inhibitors and other specific inhibitors have limited effects and have been tested in patients who have already been treated with aspirin. Warfarin provides a convenient and affordable approach in the long-term outpatient management of thrombotic disorders. The optimized use of these drugs still remains to be the approach of choice to manage thrombotic disorders. The new anticoagulant targets, including specific sites in the hemostatic network such as tissue factor, individual clotting factors (IIa, VIIa, IXa, Xa, XIIa and XIIIa), recombinant forms of serpins (antithrombin, heparin co-factor II and tissue factor pathway inhibitors), recombinant activated protein C, thrombomodulin and site specific serine proteases inhibitors complexes have also been developed. There is a major thrust on the development of orally bioavailable anticoagulant drugs (anti-Xa and IIa agents), which are slated to replace oral anticoagulants. Both the anti-factor Xa(Rivaroxaban and Apixaban) antithrombin (Dabigatran) agents have been developed for oral use and have provided impressive clinical outcomes in sponsor trials for the post surgical prophylaxis of venous thrombosis; however, safety concerns related to liver enzyme elevations and thrombosis rebound have been reported with their use. For these reasons the US FDA did not approve the orally active antithrombin agent Ximelagatran for several indications. More recently the Columbian health authorities reject dabigatran for similar reasons. The synthetic pentasaccharide (Fondaparinux) has undergone an aggressive clinical development. Unexpectedly, Fondaparinux also produced major bleeding problems at minimal dosages. Fondaparinux represents only one of the multiple pharmacologic effects of heparins. Thus, its therapeutic index will be proportionately narrower. The methylated pentasaccharide, namely Idraparinux, is effective for long term prophylaxis, but its use is associated with bleeding. Other forms of pentasaccharide such as the biotinylated form which can be reversed with fucoidin are also developed. The newer antiplatelet drugs have added a new dimension in the management of thrombotic disorders. The favorable clinical outcomes with aspirin and Clopidogrel have validated COX-1 and P2Y12 receptors as targets for new drug development. Prasugrel, a novel thienopyridine, Cangrelor and AZD 6140 represent newer P2Y12 antagonists. Cangrelor and AZD 6140 are direct inhibitors, whereas Prasugrel requires metabolic activation. While clinically effective, recent results have prompted a closure of a large clinical trial with Prasugrel due to bleeding. The newer anticoagulant and antiplatelet drugs are attractive for several reasons; however, none of these are expected to replace the conventional drugs in poly-therapeutic approaches. Heparins, warfarin and aspirin will continue to play a major role in the management of thrombotic and cardiovascular disorders beyond 2010. ER  - 
Laboratory assessment and perioperative management of patients on antiplatelet therapy: From the bench to the bedside$$$ The contribution of platelets in the pathophysiology of thromboses has established antiplatelet therapy as a cornerstone for prevention or treatment of these disorders. However, patients on antiplatelet drugs undergoing surgery face the life-threatening dilemma between the risk of perioperative thrombosis by ceasing therapy and restoring platelet function versus the risk of surgical bleeding by its continuation. According to their mechanism of action, antiplatelet drugs can be conventionally classified as agents that inhibit cyclooxygenase, block the platelet adenosine diphosphate P2Y12 receptor, inhibit phosphodiesterase, or block platelet glycoprotein IIb/IIIa. Although several tests have been developed to assess platelet inhibition by most of these compounds, studies to date have not been able to reliably evaluate the diagnostic efficiency of these tests to predict hemorrhage and/or blood loss, and accordingly perioperative assessment of drug-induced platelet inhibition cannot be recommended as yet. Although several management options are available to counteract the hemorrhagic risk of surgical patients using antiplatelet agents, perioperative discontinuation of these drugs is the preferable choice wherever possible. The use of platelet transfusions should be limited where necessary to the treatment of major, life-threatening bleeding. The contribution of newer hemostatic agents, such as desmopressin and recombinant activated factor VII, is yet to be fully determined, and there remain many challenges and unresolved issues in the clinical care of these patients. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Postmarketing surveillance of serious adverse events associated with the use of rofecoxib from 1999-2002$$$ Objective: The authors performed a postmarketing database analysis to evaluate the incidence of cardiovascular and other serious adverse events (SAEs) reported to the US Food and Drug Administration's Adverse Event Reporting System (AERS) involving the use of rofecoxib. Research design and methods: The authors studied all adverse events involving rofecoxib reported to the AERS from inception of the drug until 2002. An emphasis was placed on cardiovascular and other SAEs of interest categorized using the high level group terms hemorrhage, edema, thrombosis, embolism, and death. Results: There were 31,024 reports of SAEs associated with the use of rofecoxib, which was considered primary suspect in 97.8% of these reports. There were 3915, 3677, 1653, 1917, and 233 reports of hemorrhage, edema, death, thrombosis, and embolism, respectively. Relative to the overall population in this dataset, reports of hemorrhage, death, thrombosis, and embolism consisted of a greater proportion of males. The mean age for patients that reported hemorrhage, death, and thrombosis was older, whereas the mean age for embolism and edema was younger than the overall population in this dataset. Aspirin was the most commonly reported concomitant medication (7.4% of reports) followed by acetaminophen (5.4%). Reports containing concomitant use of anti-coagulants, Cox-1, and nonselective inhibitors (each p<0.001) but not Cox-2 inhibitors were associated with increased age while only anti-coagulants and Cox-1 inhibitors (each p<0.001) were associated with more males. Reports containing concomitant use of an anticoagulant or an NSAID accounted for a disproportionate incidence of hemorrhage, edema, embolism, and death. Most notably, the odds of a hemorrhagic event for those reporting concomitant use of an anti-coagulant, Cox-1, non-selective, or Cox-2 inhibitor was 3.05 (p<0.001), 3.07 (p<0.001), 2.07 (p<0.001), and 1.18 (p<0.001), respectively. Some weaknesses of this type of analysis are the retrospective nature of such a study, the inability to find causality, and that the data can contains multiple reports from any one individual. Conclusions: It can be postulated that in addition to the risk of heart attack and stroke, rofecoxib users were at increased risk of hemorrhage, in addition to other thrombotic and embolic adverse events, which was exacerbated in those taking blood thinners or NSAIDs. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Developments in antiplatelet therapy for acute coronary syndromes and considerations for long-term management$$$ Objective: This article reviews the currently available antiplatelet therapies and emerging investigational drugs in the treatment of acutecoronary syndrome (ACS), and considerations for primary and secondary prevention in the long-term management of ACS patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Research design and methods: Primary studies and reviews in the peer-reviewed, English-language literature were identified through searches of MEDLINE (1966-2008) using the terms 'acute coronary syndrome', 'antiplatelet', 'aspirin', 'long-term management', 'P2Y12 receptor', and 'thienopyridine'. Additional references were obtained by searching the reference lists of the identified articles. Articles were included if they were recently published and pertinent, patient-focused, and authors were recognized as leaders in the field. Current review is limited by literature search on single database. Results: Platelets play a major role in atherogenesis and the formation of thrombi, the main events in the pathogenesis of ACS. Although aspirin is an effective antiplatelet agent, efficacy and safety data from a number of randomized clinical trials on atherothrombotic disease support the use of dual antiplatelet therapies such as aspirin and thienopyridines over single antiplatelet therapy for ACS and up to 1 year following ACS. Antiplatelet agents reduce, but do not eliminate, ischemic events after ACS due, in part, to variable individual response (or resistance) in antiplatelet agents, non-compliance, progression of atherosclerosis, modest inhibition of platelet aggregation (IPA) levels and other factors. Several antiplatelet agents, including novel P2Y12-receptor antagonists and thrombin-receptor antagonists, are currently under investigation for ACS and primary and secondary prevention in the long-term management of patients undergoing PCI. Conclusions: Current antiplatelet therapies have clinical benefits such as reducing immediate and long-term cardiovascular risk, but substantial residual risk remains indicating a need for new therapeutic agents. Additional large randomized trials are necessary to determine the most appropriate treatment regimens for ACS patients. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
New anticoagulants for atrial fibrillation$$$ Although warfarin and other vitamin K antagonists have clearly the greatest efficacy among treatments commonly available in preventing stroke in atrial fibrillation, their use is associated with a substantial risk of major bleedings and are unpractical and difficult to use because of their narrow therapeutic window, their interaction with drugs and foods, and the need of frequent coagulation monitoring. Several new anticoagulants are now undergoing phase III clinical trials in atrial fibrillation with the aim of demonstrating noninferiority compared with vitamin K antagonists or superiority compared with aspirin in patients in whom vitamin K antagonists are contraindicated or not tolerated. These drugs fall in different pharmacological categories of oral direct thrombin inhibitors, parenteral long-lived indirect factor Xa inhibitors, and oral direct factor Xa inhibitors. Cardiologists need to be aware of the explosive pharmacological literature being accrued with these new drugs, as most of these will likely enter the clinical arena in the near future. © 2009 Italian Federation of Cardiology. ER  - 
C-reactive protein gene C1444T polymorphism and risk of recurrent ischemic events in patients with symptomatic intracranial atherostenoses$$$ Background: High levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) are associated with an increased risk of further ischemic events in patients with symptomatic intracranial atherosclerotic disease (ICAD). It remains unknown to which extent this increased risk might be genetically predetermined. We aimed to investigate the relationship between a common genetic polymorphism of the CRP gene and the risk of recurrent ischemic events in symptomatic ICAD patients. Methods: We studied 75 consecutive patients with a first-ever cerebral ischemic event attributable to symptomatic ICAD. Blood samples were drawn 3 months after the qualifying event. Genomic DNA was isolated and the C1444T single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) of the CRP gene was determined. The blood concentration of CRP was also measured. Patients underwent long-term clinical follow-up to detect the occurrence of further major ischemic events. Results: During a median follow-up time of 23 months, 18 patients (24%) suffered a major ischemic event (10 ischemic strokes, 3 transient ischemic attacks and 5 myocardial infarctions). Raised CRP levels at baseline (p = 0.02) and the presence of the T allele within the CRP C1444T SNP were associated with a higher risk of recurrent ischemic events (p = 0.02). Kaplan-Meier and multivariable Cox regression analyses adjusted for age, sex, vascular risk factors and CRP level identified that the presence of the T allele in the studied polymorphism predicted the occurrence of further ischemic events (hazard ratio 3.6, 95% confidence interval 1.2-11.1; p = 0.025). Conclusions: The presence of the T allele within the CRP gene C1444T polymorphism may be associated with a higher risk of further ischemic events in symptomatic ICAD patients. © 2009 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Update on testing platelet function to evaluate drug resistance$$$ Aspirin and clopidogrel (Plavix®), two of the most commonly used antiplatelet agents, inhibit platelet function by acetylating cytoplasmic cyclooxygenase and by occupying the membrane ADP receptor P2Y12, respectively. It is well accepted that these antiplatelet agents decrease the incidence of secondary myocardial infarction, stroke, peripheral artery disease and cardiovascular death in vascular patients. However, many patients continue to experience adverse events despite anti-platelet therapy. Two meta-analyses collated a number of case-control retrospective studies and a handful of prospective randomized double-blinded trials that employed laboratory analyses to identify antiplatelet drug response variability. The studies employed platelet-rich plasma optical aggregometry, whole blood impedance aggregometry, Seimens (Dade-Behring) PFA-100 whole blood closure analysis, the whole blood Accumetrics VerifyNow aggregation meter, and urine-based 11-dehydro thromboxane B2 (UDHT). The various platforms demonstrated suboptimal response to aspirin in 27.1% (21.5-32.6) of patients, with a suboptimal response to clopidogrel in 5-35% of cases, a circumstance sometimes called aspirin or clopidogrel (antiplatelet) “resistance.” There was, however, little agreement among the platforms, with only 2% of subjects identified as resistant by all. Suboptimal response is more than a laboratory phenomenon, as several studies have correlated aspirin resistance in vascular disease patients to increased risk of stroke, acute myocardial infarction, and cardiovascular death, and others have documented adverse vascular events in clopidogrel resistance. Curiously, resistance has been consistently linked to adverse outcomes using various platforms despite poor inter-platform agreement. A number of genetic studies have identified potential causes for antiplatelet resistance, including membrane receptor P2Y12 polymorphisms and cytochrome P450 polymorphisms CYP2C19, CYP3A4, CYP3A5, CYP1A2 and CYP2B6. Likewise, clinical studies have linked response variability to inflammation, lipid profile, and platelet turnover. The clinical and laboratory variability is likely multifactorial. At present, there is little evidence to guide therapy in patients with antiplatelet resistance. Responding to the prevalence and risks of aspirin and clopidogrel resistance, several clinical trials have been developed to develop a therapeutic recommendation. Aspirin dose escalation has little effect, and current efforts are directed towards the possibilities of dual antiplatelet drug therapy; an experimental P2Y12 antagonist, prasugrel; or the addition of current antithrombotic drugs such as dipyridamole of cilostazole. Given the inter-assay variability and current lack of firm therapeutic recommendations, the Working Group on Aspirin Resistance, International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis has recommended that It is not currently appropriate to test for aspirin “resistance” in patients or to change therapy based on such tests. Answers and recommendations for an appropriate testing and therapeutic regimen are anticipated upon completion of these clinical trials. ER  - 
Aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs as cyclooxygenase inhibitors: State of the art, barriers and perspectives$$$ Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) claimed during last years an increased research interest to establish their cardiovascular safety profile. Generally, NSAIDs inhibit in different degrees both isoforms of cyclooxygenase (COX). Aspirin has a unique property among NSAIDs, namely at low doses it inactivates irreversibly the COX-1 activity in platelets. It is well known that platelets are a significant source of inflammatory mediators and their activation leads to important clinical atherothrombotic vascular events. Atherosclerosis is a chronic inflammatory process. The cardioprotective effect of aspirin resides in it's mechanism of action, suppressing the platelet COX-1 dependent thromboxane biosynthesis. There are patients who do not benefit from the cardioprotective effect of aspirin, being labeled as "resistant" to aspirin. The underlying mechanism of aspirin resistance is yet unclear. This review intends to detail recent advances in the field of molecular simulation applied to nonselective non-aspirin NSAIDs and other COX selective inhibitors. Binding studies were performed between the COX-2 enzyme and these molecules. Using 2D-QSAR, it was noticed that the lipophilic bulkier group width-wise is required for a significant biological activity and also, the hydrophobic interactions might be crucial for the potency of same COX inhibitors. In order to understand a meaningful comparison of both classical NSAIDs and newer COX-2 inhibitors, three-dimensional quantitative structure-activity relationships and also molecular docking techniques were applied. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Proton pump inhibitors for prevention of bleeding episodes in cardiac patients with dual antiplatelet therapy - Between scylla and charybdis?$$$ Guidelines from national and international cardiac societies recommend dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and thienopyridines (clopidogrel, ticlopidine) in patients with acute coronary syndrome and patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. The most-feared complication of antiplatelet therapy is hemorrhage. Long-term treatment with aspirin increased bleeding rates compared to placebo and similar bleeding rates were observed on clopidogrel. Dual antiplatelet therapy increased hemorrhage with the dose of aspirin administered impacting on increased bleeding rates. Concomitant treatment with a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) decreased bleeding rates in patients on antiplatelet therapy. An analysis of medical and pharmacy databases indicated a more than 3-fold increase in the incidence of myocardial infarction within 12 months after starting treatment with clopidogrel in patients on concomitant treatment with a PPI. This might be attributed to a drug-drug interaction between PPIs and clopidogrel because recent clinical studies showed that treatment with the PPI omeprazole attenuated the antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel most likely by inhibiting the formation of the active metabolite which carries the antiplatelet activity of the drug. Therefore, sufficiently powered prospective clinical studies in cardiac patients on dual antiplatelet therapy investigating the potential drug interaction between PPIs and the antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel are awaited eagerly. © 2009 Dustri-Verlag Dr. K. Feistle. ER  - 
Cytochrome P450 genetic polymorphisms and the response to prasugrel relationship to pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic, and clinical outcomes$$$ Background - Both clopidogrel and prasugrel require biotransformation to active metabolites by cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes. Among persons treated with clopidogrel, carriers of reduced-function CYP2C19 alleles have significantly lower levels of active metabolite, diminished platelet inhibition, and higher rates of adverse cardiovascular events. The effect of CYP polymorphisms on the clinical outcomes in patients treated with prasugrel remains unknown. Methods and Results - The associations between functional variants in CYP genes, plasma concentrations of active drug metabolite, and platelet inhibition in response to prasugrel were tested in 238 healthy subjects. We then examined the association of these genetic variants with cardiovascular outcomes in a cohort of 1466 patients with acute coronary syndromes allocated to treatment with prasugrel in the Trial to Assess Improvement in Therapeutic Outcomes by Optimizing Platelet Inhibition With Prasugrel-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction 38 trial. Among the healthy subjects, no significant attenuation of the pharmacokinetic or the pharmacodynamic response to prasugrel was observed in carriers versus noncarriers of at least 1 reduced-function allele for any of the CYP genes tested (CYP2C19, CYP2C9, CYP2B6, CYP3A5, and CYP1A2). Consistent with these findings, in subjects with acute coronary syndromes treated with prasugrel, no significant associations were found between any of the tested CYP genotypes and risk of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke. Conclusions - Common functional CYP genetic variants do not affect active drug metabolite levels, inhibition of platelet aggregation, or clinical cardiovascular event rates in persons treated with prasugrel. These pharmacogenetic findings are in contrast to observations with clopidogrel, which may explain, in part, the different pharmacological and clinical responses to the 2 medications. © 2009 American Heart Association, Inc. ER  - 
Critical review of prasugrel for formulary decision makers$$$ BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease, including acute coronary syndromes (ACS) comprising ST-elevation and non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI/NSTEMI) and unstable angina (UA), remains the leading cause of death in the United States. The direct and indirect costs of cardiovascular disease are estimated to surpass $165 billion in 2009. Antiplatelet pharmacotherapy has been shown to reduce ACS-related death and is part of the American College of Chest Physicians (ACCP) and the American College of Cardiology /American Heart Association (ACC/AHA) treatment guideline recommendations. OBJECTIVE: To provide formulary decision makers with information on the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the thienopyridine antiplatelet agent prasugrel as well as an analysis of available efficacy and safety data and its risk-benefit profile in comparison with clopidogrel. METHODS: Literature search for information on prasugrel with a focus on (a) the Trial to Assess Improvement in Therapeutic Outcomes by Optimizing Platelet Inhibition with Prasugrel-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TRITON-TIMI) 38 trial, (b) briefing documents from the FDA available as of March 1, 2009, and (c) ongoing phase III studies of prasugrel. RESULTS: TRITON-TIMI 38 was a double blind, randomized superiority study involving 13,608 patients with moderate- to high-risk acute coronary syndromes with scheduled percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). TRITON-TIMI 38 data were available in a published manuscript and in an FDA review. Study patients were randomized to either prasugrel or clopidogrel once daily. The primary end point (composite of death from cardiovascular causes, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or nonfatal stroke) occurred in 643 patients (9.9%) in the prasugrel group and 781 patients (12.1%) in the clopidogrel group (HR=0.82, 95% CI=0.73-0.93, P=0.002). Non-coronary artery bypass graft (non-CABG) TIMI major hemorrhage occurred in 146 patients (2.4%) in the prasugrel group compared with 111 patients (1.8%) in the clopidogrel group (HR=1.32, 95% 01=1.03-1.68, P=0.03). A subanalysis of the TRITON-TIMI 38 trial data revealed a net harm for patients with a prior history of stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA) when treated with prasugrel (HR=1.54, 95% CI=1.02-2.32, P=0.04). Combination prasugrel and aspirin is currently being studied in comparison with clopidogrel and aspirin for the treatment of UA/NSTEMI patients that are medically managed. CONCLUSIONS: For every 1,000 patients treated with prasugrel instead of clopidogrel, a total of 24 end points would be prevented at the cost of 10 additional bleeding events. On February 3, 2009, the FDA Cardiovascular and Renal Drugs Advisory Committee deemed this to be an acceptable risk-benefit profile. The committee recommended a label contraindication for patients with prior history of transient ischemic attack or stroke. Treatment versus time analyses demonstrated both early and sustained benefit for prasugrel compared with clopidogrel. However, prasugrel was associated with fewer cardiovascular events prevented per bleeding case the longer the duration of therapy. The study population of TRITON-TIMI 38 was limited to patients undergoing PCI. Managed care decision makers should consider specific criteria limiting prasugrel use to health plan members with characteristics similar to the study population in TRITON-TIMI 38 that benefited from treatment and avoiding use in patients with prior history of stroke or TIA. More data are needed before prasugrel can be recommended in patient groups not addressed by TRITON-TIMI 38. Copyright© 2009, Academy of Managed Care Pharmacy. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Proton pump inhibitors diminish effectiveness of clopidogrel after coronary stenting in patients with diabetes$$$ Results: Clopidogrel is metabolically activated by hepatic cytochrome P450 2C19 (CYP2C19). Patients with nonfunctioning CYP2C19 alleles are less responsive to clopidogrel, and are at higher risk of cardiovascular (CV) events. Proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) inhibit CYP2C19, and interfere with clopidogrel activation and effect. This may be very important for patients with diabetes that are already high-risk and less responsive to clopidogrel. We investigated the impact of PPIs on the effectiveness of clopidogrel to prevent recurrent CV events after coronary stenting in patients with diabetes. This was a population-based retrospective cohort study using a 19-million member integrated claims database. We analyzed 4005 diabetic patients (ICD-9 250) who had undergone percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with stenting, and who received clopidogrel alone (N=2238) or with a PPI (N=1767) for the incidence of the composite primary end point of hospitalization for myocardial infarction, unstable angina, stroke/transient ischemic attack, PCI/coronary artery bypass graft, or CV death over 12-months. Event risk was determined by Kaplan-Meier analysis, and hazard ratios from multivariate Cox models. Patients on PPIs were older, more often female, and had greater baseline comorbidity. The primary end point rate was 19.7% in patients not receiving a PPI and 26.7% in patients on combined clopidogrel and PPI therapy (hazard ratio 1.44, 95% confidence interval 1.22-1.69, p<0.0001). Excess risk with PPIs was determined primarily by myocardial infarction/unstable angina [10.2% vs. 16.8%; hazard ratio 1.66 (1.34-2.06), P<0.0001]. Our findings suggest a clinically significant drug interaction between PPIs and clopidogrel resulting in a higher incidence of major adverse cardiac events within one year after coronary stenting in patients with diabetes.[figure1]. (Diagram presented). ER  - 
Aggravation by clopidogrel, an antiplatelet drug, of antral ucers induced by NSAIDs in rats$$$ Background/Aim: Antithrombotic therapy takes a central role of the treatment for apoplexy, cardiac disorder and peripheral arterial disease. However, recent clinical studies suggested a risk of gastric adverse reaction on the concomitant use of antithrombotic drugs with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). In the present study, we used indomethacin and flurbiprofen as conventional NSAIDs and investigated the adverse effects of antiplatelet drug clopidogrel, a P2Y12 receptor antagonist, on gastric antral ulcers induced by NSAIDs in rats, and investigated the effects ofantisecretory drugs and rebamipide,amucosal protective drug, on the occurrence of antral ulcers induced by indomethacin plus antiplatelet drug. Methods: Male SD rats were used. The animals fasted for 24 h were re-fed for 1 hr, and subsequently administered indomethacin (30 mg/kg) or flurbiprofen (30 mg/kg) SC 1 h after refeeding. Six hours later, the animals were killed and the stomachs were examined for non-hemorrhagic and hemorrhagic lesions, separately. Clopidogrel (3∼30 mg/kg) was given PO 48, 24 h and 30 min before indomethacin treatment. Atropine (3 mg/kg), omeprazole (30 mg/kg) or rebamipide (1∼10 mg/kg) was given SC, IP or PO, respectively, 1 h before indomethacin. Myeloperoxidase (MPO) activity was measured 6 h after indomethacin treatment. Results: Indomethacin by itself produced multiple lesions in the antral mucosa of refed rats. Clopidogrel, despite provoking no damage by itself, dose-dependently worsened the severity of these antral lesions in response to indomethacin, with an increase of MPO activity. Similar results were obtained when clopidogrel was co-administered with flurbiprofen, another NSAID, in place of indomethacin. The antral lesions induced by indomethacin alone were mostly non- hemorrhagic, while they became hemorrhagic by the co-administration with clopidogrel. The severity of antral lesions induced by indomethacin plus clopidogrel was significantly reduced by atropine and omeprazole. Likewise, the aggravating effect of clopidogrel was dose-dependently and significantly attenuated by the pretreatment with rebamipide, the mucosal protective drug, with a concomitant suppression of MPO activity. Conclusion: These results suggest that clopidogrel, the anti-platelet drug, aggravates the severity of NSAID-induced antral ulcers in refed rats, mainly converting from nonhemorrhagic lesions into hemorrhagic ones. The antisecretory drugs such as omeprazole and atropine as well as a mucosal protective drug rebamipide are useful for preventing such an adverse reaction in the antral mucosa caused by the co-administration of NSAID and antiplatelet drug. ER  - 
G-protein-coupled receptors as signaling targets for antiplatelet therapy$$$ Platelet G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) initiate and reinforce platelet activation and thrombus formation. The clinical utility of antagonists of the P2Y12 receptor for ADP suggests that other GPCRs and their intracellular signaling pathways may represent viable targets for novel antiplatelet agents. For example, thrombin stimulation of platelets is mediated by 2 protease-activated receptors (PARs), PAR-1 and PAR-4. Signaling downstream of PAR-1 or PAR-4 activates phospholipase C and protein kinase C and causes autoamplification by production of thromboxane A2, release of ADP, and generation of more thrombin. In addition to ADP receptors, thrombin and thromboxane A2 receptors and their downstream effectors-including phosphoinositol-3 kinase, Rap1b, talin, and kindlin-are promising targets for new antiplatelet agents. The mechanistic rationale and available clinical data for drugs targeting disruption of these signaling pathways are discussed. The identification and development of new agents directed against specific platelet signaling pathways may offer an advantage in preventing thrombotic events while minimizing bleeding risk. © 2009 American Heart Association, Inc. ER  - 
Antiplatelet drug response variability and the role of platelet function testing: A practical guide for interventional cardiologists$$$ Antiplatelet therapy is the cornerstone of treatment for patients with acute coronary syndrome and is also of particular importance in those who undergo percutaneous coronary intervention with stent implantation. Dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel is associated with improvement in long-term clinical outcomes in such patients and is presently the antiplatelet therapy of choice for secondary prevention of thrombotic events. However, a significant number of patients experience recurrent events despite antiplatelet therapy. Although poor patient compliance can account for some of these events, particularly in those patients who receive a drug-eluting stent, increasing evidence indicates that there is variability in response to antiplatelet therapy and patients who have higher levels of platelet reactivity are at increased risk for recurrent ischemic events. However, the lack of a consistent definition of inadequate platelet response, as well as the lack of a standardized measurement technique, has made it difficult to define how to treat these patients. To translate findings associated with variability in platelet response into improved patient care, it is necessary to gain a better understanding of what variable platelet response is, how it is measured, who it should be measured in, and what its clinical relevance is. The objective of this review is to evaluate the data regarding interindividual response variability to antiplatelet therapy with the aim of providing practical considerations and where possible, recommendations, regarding this topic for interventional cardiologists. © 2008 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Antagonists of the EP3 receptor for prostaglandin e2 are novel antiplatelet agents that do not prolong bleeding$$$ Myocardial infarction and stroke are caused by blood clots forming over a ruptured or denuded atherosclerotic plaque (atherothrombosis). Production of prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) by an inflamed plaque exacerbates atherothrombosis and may limit the effectiveness of current therapeutics. Platelets express multiple G-protein coupled receptors, including receptors for ADP and PGE2. ADP can mobilize Ca2+ and through the P 2Y12 receptor can inhibit cAMP production, causing platelet activation and aggregation. Clopidogrel (Plavix), a selective P 2Y12 antagonist, prevents platelets from clotting but thereby increases the risk of severe or fatal bleeding. The platelet EP 3 receptor for PGE2, like the P2Y12 receptor, also inhibits cAMP synthesis. However, unlike ADP, facilitation of platelet aggregation via the PGE2/EP3 pathway is dependent on co-agonists that can mobilize Ca2+. We used a ligand-based design strategy to develop peri-substituted bicylic acylsulfon- amides as potent and selective EP3 antagonists. We show that DG-041, a selective EP 3 antagonist, inhibits PGE2 facilitation of platelet aggregation in vitro and ex vivo. PGE2 can resensitize platelets to agonist even when the P2Y12 receptor has been blocked by clopidogrel, and this can be inhibited by DG-041. Unlike clopidogrel, DG-041 does not affect bleeding time in rats, nor is bleeding time further increased when DG-041 is co-administered with clopidogrel. This indicates that EP 3 antagonists potentially have a superior safety profile compared to P2Y12 antagonists and represent a novel class of antiplatelet agents. © 2009 American Chemical Society. ER  - 
High platelet reactivity on clopidogrel is driven primarily by non-modifiable risk factors$$$ Background: High platelet reactivity (HPR) on clopidogrel (CLOP) has been associated with worse outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). The independent contribution of patient characteristics to HPR has not been well examined. Methods: Patients on maintenance CLOP presenting for elective PCI were enrolled prospectively. Platelet reactivity was measured prior to PCI with the Verify Now P2Y12 assay. HPR was defined as P2Y12 reaction units > 240, a level previously shown to optimally predict subsequent events. The following predictors were tested by univariate analysis (UA): age > 75, gender, ethnicity, body mass index > 30, DM, previous myocardial infarction, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, renal function, smoking, Canadian Cardiovascular Society (CCS) class, LDL, HDL, triglycerides, and use of statins, beta-blockers (BBs), calcium channel blockers (CCBs), ACE inhibitors, ARBs, nitrates, or hormone replacement therapy (HRT). Multivariate analysis (MVA) was performed using forward stepwise logistical regression with candidate predictors having a p value of < 0.15 on UA. Results: A total of 377 patients were studied. The average age was 66.8 + 10.6 years, 79% were male, and 34% had diabetes mellitus (DM). The univariate predictors of HPR entered into the MVA were ethnicity (univariate p = 0.027), gender (p = 0.034), renal dysfunction (p = 0.041), HRT use (p = 0.066). CCS class (p = 0.076), BB use (p = 0.078), smoking (p = 0.11), and DM (p = 0.11). Independent predictors of HPR were non-Caucasian ethnicity (odds ratio [OR] 2.6, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.3-5.4, p = 0.007), female gender (OR 1.8 [95% CI 1.8-3.0], p = 0.028), and smoking (OR 0.35 [95%CI 0.13-0.96], p = 0.04). Conclusions: In patients on maintenance CLOP, the only independent predictors of HPR were ethnicity, gender, and smoking status. Our findings are consistent with previous studies demonstrating a protective effect of smoking on platelet reactivity. We did not observe a relationship between HPR and concomitant medications, including CCBs. The independent contribution of ethnicity and gender to HPR suggest that HPR is driven primarily by genetic mechanisms in non-smokers. ER  - 
Cytochrome P-450 polymorphisms and response to clopidogrel$$$ BACKGROUND: Clopidogrel requires transformation into an active metabolite by cytochrome P-450 (CYP) enzymes for its antiplatelet effect. The genes encoding CYP enzymes are polymorphic, with common alleles conferring reduced function. METHODS: We tested the association between functional genetic variants in CYP genes, plasma concentrations of active drug metabolite, and platelet inhibition in response to clopidogrel in 162 healthy subjects. We then examined the association between these genetic variants and cardiovascular outcomes in a separate cohort of 1477 subjects with acute coronary syndromes who were treated with clopidogrel in the Trial to Assess Improvement in Therapeutic Outcomes by Optimizing Platelet Inhibition with Prasugrel-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TRITON-TIMI) 38. RESULTS: In healthy subjects who were treated with clopidogrel, carriers of at least one CYP2C19 reduced-function allele (approximately 30% of the study population) had a relative reduction of 32.4% in plasma exposure to the active metabolite of clopidogrel, as compared with noncarriers (P<0.001). Carriers also had an absolute reduction in maximal platelet aggregation in response to clopidogrel that was 9 percentage points less than that seen in noncarriers (P<0.001). Among clopidogrel-treated subjects in TRITON-TIMI 38, carriers had a relative increase of 53% in the composite primary efficacy outcome of the risk of death from cardiovascular causes, myocardial infarction, or stroke, as compared with noncarriers (12.1% vs. 8.0%; hazard ratio for carriers, 1.53; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.07 to 2.19; P = 0.01) and an increase by a factor of 3 in the risk of stent thrombosis (2.6% vs. 0.8%; hazard ratio, 3.09; 95% CI, 1.19 to 8.00; P = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Among persons treated with clopidogrel, carriers of a reduced-function CYP2C19 allele had significantly lower levels of the active metabolite of clopidogrel, diminished platelet inhibition, and a higher rate of major adverse cardiovascular events, including stent thrombosis, than did noncarriers. Copyright © 2009 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
Genetic determinants of response to clopidogrel and cardiovascular events$$$ BACKGROUND: Pharmacogenetic determinants of the response of patients to clopidogrel contribute to variability in the biologic antiplatelet activity of the drug. The effect of these determinants on clinical outcomes after an acute myocardial infarction is unknown. METHODS: We consecutively enrolled 2208 patients presenting with an acute myocardial infarction in a nationwide French registry and receiving clopidogrel therapy. We then assessed the relation of allelic variants of genes modulating clopidogrel absorption (ABCB1), metabolic activation (CYP3A5 and CYP2C19), and biologic activity (P2RY12 and ITGB3) to the risk of death from any cause, nonfatal stroke, or myocardial infarction during 1 year of follow-up. RESULTS: Death occurred in 225 patients, and nonfatal myocardial infarction or stroke in 94 patients, during the follow-up period. None of the selected single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in CYP3A5, P2RY12, or ITGB3 were associated with a risk of an adverse outcome. Patients with two variant alleles of ABCB1 (TT at nucleotide 3435) had a higher rate of cardiovascular events at 1 year than those with the ABCB1 wild-type genotype (CC at nucleotide 3435) (15.5% vs. 10.7%; adjusted hazard ratio, 1.72; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.20 to 2.47). Patients carrying any two CYP2C19 loss-offunction alleles (*2, *3, *4, or *5), had a higher event rate than patients with none (21.5% vs. 13.3%; adjusted hazard ratio, 1.98; 95% CI, 1.10 to 3.58). Among the 1535 patients who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention during hospitalization, the rate of cardiovascular events among patients with two CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles was 3.58 times the rate among those with none (95% CI, 1.71 to 7.51). CONCLUSIONS: Among patients with an acute myocardial infarction who were receiving clopidogrel, those carrying CYP2C19 loss-of-function alleles had a higher rate of subsequent cardiovascular events than those who were not. This effect was particularly marked among the patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. (ClinicalTrials. gov number, NCT00673036.) Copyright © 2009 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
Clopidogrel: Review of bioanalytical methods, pharmacokinetics/pharmacodynamics, and update on recent trends in drug-drug interaction studies$$$ Clopidogrel, owing to its excellent inhibitory property of platelet aggregation, is used to reduce the cardiovascular risks in patients with multiple co-morbid conditions such as stroke, myocardial infarction and atherosclerosis. The current review focuses distinctly on three aspects: (a) an in-depth coverage on the bioanalytical methods for the quantification of clopidogrel and its inactive carboxylic acid metabolite as well as the active metabolite in pre-clinical and clinical samples; (b) an overview of the pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic aspects of clopidogrel; and (c) enumerating the key findings from drug-drug interaction studies of clopidogrel with various co-substrates such as lanzoprazole, fluvastatin, atorvastatin, pravastatin, digoxin, ketoconazole, donezepil and theophylline. Copyright © 2008 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Genomics and the efficacy of aspirin in the treatment of cerebrovascular disease$$$ Aspirin has been shown to reduce the risk of stroke, myocardial infarction, and death in patients with a history of cardiovascular disease or at high risk for cardiovascular disease. However, many individuals suffer a stroke or other cardiovascular event despite aspirin therapy. Data suggest that heritability contributes importantly to the antiplatelet and clinical responses to aspirin. Candidate genes for influencing aspirin response include those involved in platelet aggregation and in modulating cardiovascular disease risk and progression. Although several studies have examined genetic determinants of platelet responsiveness to aspirin, the results are largely inconsistent. Few studies have examined genetic association with clinical outcomes, including reductions in stroke risk, with aspirin. In perhaps the most significant pharmacogenomic study with aspirin to date, a large primary prevention trial showed that the apolipoprotein A genotype was associated with risk of stroke and other cardiovascular events in women and that aspirin eliminated this risk. These data suggest that ultimately, it may be possible to tailor aspirin therapy based on an individual's genotype, at least for primary prevention of stroke and cardiovascular events in women. Data on genetic determinants of response to aspirin in secondary stroke prevention are far less advanced. Future pharmacogenomic studies should focus on elucidating the role of genotyping in choosing appropriate antiplatelet therapy (ie, aspirin alone versus a thienopyridine or combination antiplatelet therapy) for secondary disease prevention. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009. ER  - 
Update on oral antiplatelet therapy: Principles, problems and promises$$$ Platelets are major players in arterial thrombosis, and antiplatelet therapy has a clear clinical benefit in the treatment and prevention of cardiovascular events. In particular, aspirin and clopidogrel have become cornerstones in the treatment of patients with atherothrombosis. However, despite the proven efficacy of antiplatelet drugs, cardiovascular events remain an important cause of morbidity and mortality in these patients. Furthermore, a considerable variability in platelet reactivity during treatment with established oral antiplatelet therapy has prompted the search for novel drugs against platelet-dependent thrombosis. Possible benefits of upcoming drugs include a more efficient platelet inhibition and a reversible effect on platelet function. Aspirin, clopidogrel, prasugrel, ticagrelor, terutroban, E5555, SCH 530348 and cilostazol are discussed. This review highlights the rationale for important oral antiplatelet drugs in development and provides clinical perspectives on their pharmacological advantages and challenges. © 2009 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Anticoagulants of primary haemostasis$$$ Inhibition of platelet function plays an important role in the treatment and secondary prevention of cardiovascular or cerebrovascular ischemic diseases. Established antiplatelet agents use different pharmacological targets for this role. Acetylic salicylic acid achieves a reduction of thromboxane A2 formation by inhibition of COX-1. Ticlopidin or clopidogrel are ADP-P2Y12 receptor antagonists. Tirofiban, abciximab or eptifibatid are used for the inhibition of the glycoprotein IIb/IIIa receptor which is activated at the surface of platelets preceding the final step of their aggregation. The mechanism of dipyridamole is based on the inhibition of adenosine uptake and of phosphodiesterase-5. Efforts are made to improve antiplatetelet therapy with the aim to find agents with favorable clinical outcome and lower bleeding risk. Current clinical studies focus on a new generation of ADP receptor antagonists (prasugrel, cangrelor and ticagrelor) as successors of ticlopidin and clopidogrel after coronary arterial interventions. Developments using platelet targets different from established drugs are thrombin receptor antagonists (like SCH530348) or thromboxane receptor antagonists (like S18886/terutroban) in patients with cerebrovascular events. Results from recent experimental studies could lead to new strategies for antiplatetelet therapy (like inhibition of GP Ib receptor, GP VI receptor, platelet-leukocyte interaction, factor XII and others) in the future. © Schattauer 2009. ER  - 
P2Y12 inhibitors: Thienopyridines and direct oral inhibitors$$$ The P2Y12 receptor has proven to be a key target in the prevention of complications associated with atherosclerotic vascular disease especially in the context of acute coronary syndrome and percutaneous coronary intervention in addition to aspirin. Three generations of thienopyridines, ticlopidine, clopidogrel, and prasugrel have proven efficacy in the prevention of ischemic vascular events but with increased bleeding. The concept of individualized tailored therapy has recently emerged with the discovery of the diminished effect of some thienopyridine among carriers of the loss-of-function cytochrome (CYP) P4502C19*2 variant. Non-thienopyridine P2Y12 antagonists have also recently demonstrated that these benefits are not limited to one class of agents or may be generalizable to reversible antagonists of this receptor. Future rational use of these agents will require attention to disease and patient features to strike the optimal balance of benefit to risk. © Schattauer 2009. ER  - 
Influence of C3435T multidrug resistance gene-1 (MDR-1) polymorphism on platelet reactivity and prognosis in patients with acute coronary syndromes$$$ Background: Genetic C3435T polymorphism of the multidrug resistance gene-1 (MDR-1) limits oral bioavailability of clopidogrel and influences prognosis in patients with myocardial infarction. Aim: To assess the effects of C3435T polymorphism on platelet reactivity and prognosis in patients with acute coronary syndromes treated with percutaneous coronary intervention with stenting. Methods: Ninety-eight patients were divided into subgroups according to closure time (CT) measured with the Platelet Function Analyzer-100 by means of collagen/adenosine diphosphate (CADP) and collagen/epinephrine (CEPI) cartridges. Patients with CADP-CT < 130 s and patients with CEPI-CT ≤ 193 s were defined as non-full responders to antiplatelet therapy. Patients with coexisting polymorphism of P2Y12 and CYP2C19 genes were excluded from the analysis. The primary outcome was the composite of death, non-fatal myocardial infarction and non-fatal stroke. Results: Patients carrying the homozygous TT genotype were more likely to have an impaired response to antiplatelet therapy in the test with ADP in comparison to carriers of homozygous CC genotype (OR 5.23; 95% CI 1.34-20.45; p = 0.017). For CT heterozygotes in comparison to CC genotype a weak trend toward non-full response to antiplatelet therapy in the CADP test was observed (OR 2.71; 95% CI 0.80-9.14; p = 0.11). No relationship between MDR-1 C3435T polymorphism and response in CEPI test was observed either for TT homozygotes or for heterozygotes (p = 0.57 and p = 0.55, respectively). During a mean 1.7 years of follow-up no significant difference in the risk of the primary end point was observed. Conclusions: The C3435T polymorphism of the MDR-1 gene influences ADP dependent platelet reactivity in patients with acute coronary syndrome but does not affect mid-term prognosis in this population. ER  - 
Improving outcomes in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: Role of prasugrel$$$ Dual oral antiplatelet therapy, aspirin plus thienopyridine, has permitted a rapid increase in the use of coronary intervention procedures. Clopidogrel is the thienopyridine of choice for dual antiplatelet therapy in patients treated with percutaneous coronary intervention. However, there are two issues with clopidogrel: (1) clopidogrel's antiplatelet activity is delayed because the drug needs to be metabolized into its active form and (2) variability in patient response to clopidogrel has been demonstrated. To overcome these shortcomings of clopidogrel, new more potent inhibitors of P2Y12 receptors, which have a more rapid onset of action have been introduced for clinical evaluation. This article is a nonexhaustive review of the literature and concentrates on prasugrel, a third-generation, oral thienopyridine. The purpose is to summarize the current knowledge about the benefits and risks of prasugrel and to outline the most prudent strategies for the drug's clinical use. © 2009 Motovska and Widimsky, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
The significance of clopidogrel low-responsiveness on stent thrombosis and cardiac death assessed by the verifynow P2Y12 assay in patients with acute coronary syndrome within 6 months after drug-eluting stent implantation$$$ Background and Objectives: Clopidogrel resistance or low-responsiveness may be associated with recurrent atherothrombotic events after drug-eluting stent (DES) implantation. We prospectively evaluated the association between clopidogrel resistance assessed by the Verifynow™ P2Y 12 assay (Accumetrics, San Diego, CA, USA) and stent thrombosis (ST) or cardiac death (CD) in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) within 6 months after DES implantation. Subjects and Methods: We enrolled 237 consecutive patients (160 males, 65.2 ± 10.3 years) with ACS who received a DES implantation. The composite endpoint was defined to CD or ST by Academic Research Consortium definitions within 6 months post-implantation. Clopidogrel resistance was defined as <20% inhibition of the P2Y12 receptor. Results: Baseline demographic characteristics were similar between 142 normal individuals and 95 clopidogrel resistant patients. CD occurred in one case (0.7%) in the normal group and two cases (2.13%) in the resistant group (p=0.344). There was no episode of ST in the normal group and four episodes in the resistant group (4.2%, four definite ST) (p=0.035). Univariate logistic regression revealed an adjusted odds ratio (OR) for composite end point of CD or ST of 9.646 {95% confidence interval (CI) 1.139-81.679}, and multivariate logistic regression for composite end point revealed an OR of 12.074 (95% CI 1.205-120.992). Conclusion: Clopidogrel low-responsiveness assessed by the Verifynow™ P2Y12 assay is an independent predictor of ST and composite end point of ST or CD in patients with ACS within 6 months after DES implantation. Copyright © 2009 The Korean Society of Cardiology. ER  - 
Current status and future directions in antiplatelet therapy$$$ Platelets are the principal effectors of cellular hemostasis and key mediators in the pathogenesis of thrombosis. A variety of membrane receptors determine platelet reactivity with numerous agonists and adhesive proteins, and therefore represent key targets for the development of antiplatelet drug therapies. In this regard, several rapid-onset and rapid-offset reversible ADP antagonists are in clinical development, including reversible oral and rapid-acting intravenous P2Y12 receptor antagonists. Novel inhibitors of platelet adhesion in early development target vWF-GPIb/IX and collagen-GPVI interactions. Since platelet aggregation also plays such a critical role in the pathogenesis of arterial thrombosis, more potent agents that interfere with platelet aggregation via other pathways (e.g., the thrombin receptor) are also under clinical investigation. However, the major limitation to treatment with multiple antiplatelet agents is the increased bleeding risk associated with the enhanced antiplatelet effect, as exemplified by the clinical conundrum in patients with acute coronary syndrome who may need to undergo coronary artery bypass graft surgery. Aspirin and clopidogrel irreversibly inhibit platelet function, with the maximal antiplatelet effect occurring after 3-5 days. These limitations might be solved with the availability of rapid-onset and rapid-offset ADP antagonists. One issue that deserves further discussion is the duration of therapy. There is conflicting evidence from the MATCH and CARESS trials as to the optimal duration of antiplatelet therapy in cerebrovascu lar disease. For coronary artery disease, the CHARISMA trial failed to show the benefit of long-term clopidogrel in the overall trial population, although the 80% of patients with clinically evident atherothrombosis experienced a modest reduction in the primary endpoint, and emerging data with drug-eluting stents suggest that dual antiplatelet therapy may be required even beyond 1 year. Clearly, additional studies are necessary to evaluate optimal antiplatelet therapy combinations and duration of therapies to permit maximal benefit with minimum harm in patients with cardiovascular disease. This review provides detailed information on the clinically most useful antiplatelet agents from aspirin to clopidogrel to GPIIb/IIIa antagonists and beyond, as well as several classes of novel antiplatelet drugs in development. Copyright © 2009 Prous Science, S.A.U. or its licensors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
New antiplatelet agents: Why they are needed$$$ Despite recent advances in the treatment of acute coronary syndromes (ACS), including dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and a thienopyridine during the acute phase and for secondary prevention, this condition remains a leading cause of morbidity and mortality. The limitations of the currently available antiplatelet agents have triggered the development of newer drugs. In this review we summarize the mechanisms of actions and results of current clinical trials of novel antiplatelet agents. These include prasugrel, a thienopyridine prodrug which has a mechanism similar to that of clopidogrel but superior pharmacokinetic features; ticagrelor, a non-thienopyridine that binds reversibly to the platelet P2Y12 receptor; cangrelor, an intravenously administered analog of ticagrelor; the thrombin receptor antagonist SCH 53048; and terutroban (S18886), a thromboxane A2 receptor inhibitor. © 2009 European Federation of Internal Medicine. ER  - 
Protective effect of the CYP polymorphism with increased activation of clopidogrel on cardiovascular events$$$ Background: The prodrug Clopidogrel requires activation by cytochrome P-450 (CYP) enzymes for its antiplatelet effect. The genes encoding CYP enzymes are polymorphic, leading to reduced or increased function, depending on the respective genotype. Reduced function alleles have been associated with an increase in cardiovascular events. Methods: We tested the association between the CYP 2C19 ∗17 (C/T) T-allele leading to increased function and further cardiovascular events in a high risk population of 925 patients with acute myocardial infarction. Genotyping was performed with the PCR based TaqMan assay. Results: Carriers of the protective T-allele had a relative decrease of 18% in the composite primary outcome of the risk of death from cardiovascular causes, myocardial infarction, definite stent thrombosis or target vessel revascularisation (MACE, p=0.047), and the composite end-point of MACE or stroke (p=0.049), as compared with noncarriers, respectively. Conclusions: For the first time we found that in this high risk population of patients treated for acute myocardial infarction with clopidogrel, carriers of an increased-function CYP2C19 ∗17 T-allele had significantly lower rates of major adverse cardiovascular events, including stent thrombosis, than did noncarriers. ER  - 
Statins and stroke$$$ Pharmacological studies highlighted pleiotropic effects of statins, that seem to influence atherogenesis not only by increasing atherosclerotic plaque stability but also by modulating endothelial function and inflammation and acting on platelet aggregation and thrombosis. Despite a strong association between increased levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and the incidence of coronary heart disease (CHD) has been well proven, it not yet established whether serum LDL-C levels are related to stroke incidence. The major aim of this paper is to perform a comprehensive up-to-date review of research papers, meta-analyses and randomized controlled clinical trials reporting the effects of statins in primary and secondary stroke prevention strategies. In addition, our work provides an overview on statin chemical structure, mechanism of action and pharmacological properties, investigating also most common adverse effects and relationship between statin therapy and haemorrhagic stroke risk, in order to assess drugs safety. Although studies are heterogeneous, our analysis shows that statins reduce the risk of stroke occurrence in high risk patients and seem also to reduce stroke recurrence. Moreover, the low incidence and reversibility of adverse effects, and the unclear association with hemorrhagic events, support the safe use of these drugs. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Future prospects in anti-platelet therapy: A review of potential P2Y12 and thrombin receptor antagonists$$$ Atherothrombosis is an acute complication that develops on the surface of a ruptured atheromatous plaque or as a consequence of endothelial erosion that may cause myocardial infarction or ischemic stroke. Anti-platelet therapy has been highly effective at reducing atherothrombotic risk. However, patients continue to experience thrombotic events despite the use of agents such as aspirin and clopidogrel. Many of these events occur, in part, because of the inadequate response to these drugs. This has prompted the pursuit of novel agents with aspirations of optimizing anti-platelet therapy. New opportunities have emerged to address the deficiencies in current anti-platelet agents. Among these are thrombin receptor antagonists, such as SCH530348 and P2Y12 receptor antagonists, such as prasugrel, cangrelor, and AZD6140. The patents describe these novel compounds and compositions, their ability to inhibit platelet activation and/or aggregation and their use in the treatment of atherothrombotic diseases. These drugs have pharmacologic properties that translate into increased potency, more rapid onset of action, and less variability in response compared to standard therapy. In this review, we highlight the current data on these potential drugs and the role they could play in atherothrombotic disease. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Antiplatelet therapy in acute coronary syndromes$$$ Acute coronary syndromes (ACS), characterized by unstable angina or a non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction, are caused by rupture of an atherosclerotic plaque, leading to platelet activation and aggregation, thrombus formation, and microembolization. Antiplatelet therapy is a cornerstone of therapy. Combined with aspirin, clopidogrel provides significant benefit for patients across the ACS spectrum. However, clopidogrel has limitations given its slow onset and the inconsistent level of inhibition that it achieves. Newer thienopyridine and non-thienopyridine P2Y12 receptor agonists offer the advantages of a rapid onset of action and greater and more consistent platelet inhibition. © Current Medicine Group LLC 2008. ER  - 
Platelet ADP-receptor antagonists for cardiovascular disease: Past, present and future$$$ Aspirin is the foundation antiplatelet therapy for patients at risk of cardiovascular events. The thienopyridine, clopidogrel, is modestly more effective than aspirin and in patients with stroke seems to be as effective as the combination of aspirin and dipyridamole. The addition of clopidogrel to aspirin further reduces the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with acute coronary syndromes and those who undergo percutaneous coronary intervention, but uncertainty remains about whether this combination has incremental efficacy over clopidogrel monotherapy in patients with stroke or peripheral arterial disease. Clopidogrel has pharmacological limitations that have prompted the search for more effective ADP-receptor antagonists. Promising results have been achieved with the thienopyridine, prasugrel, which has been compared with clopidogrel in patients treated with aspirin. The nonthienopyridine P2Y12 inhibitors AZD6140 and cangrelor are presently being evaluated in phase III, randomized, controlled trials. ER  - 
Greater clinical benefit of more intensive oral antiplatelet therapy with prasugrel in patients with diabetes mellitus in the trial to assess improvement in therapeutic outcomes by optimizing platelet inhibition with prasugrel-thrombolysis in myocardial infarction 38$$$ Background - Patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) are at high risk for recurrent cardiovascular events after acute coronary syndromes, in part because of increased platelet reactivity. The Trial to Assess Improvement in Therapeutic Outcomes by Optimizing Platelet Inhibition With Prasugrel-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction 38 (TRITON-TIMI 38) showed an overall reduction in ischemic events with more intensive antiplatelet therapy with prasugrel than with clopidogrel but with more bleeding. We compared prasugrel with clopidogrel among subjects with DM in TRITON-TIMI 38. Methods and Results - We classified 13 608 subjects on the basis of preexisting history of DM and further according to insulin use. Prespecified analyses of the primary (cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or nonfatal stroke) and key secondary end points, including net clinical benefit (death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, and nonfatal TIMI major bleeding) were compared by use of the log-rank test. We found that 3146 subjects had a preexisting history of DM, including 776 receiving insulin. The primary end point was reduced significantly with prasugrel among subjects without DM (9.2% versus 10.6%; hazard ratio [HR], 0.86; P=0.02) and with DM (12.2% versus 17.0%; HR, 0.70; P<0.001, P interaction=Q.09). A benefit for prasugrel was observed among DM subjects on insulin (14.3% versus 22.2%; HR, 0.63; P=0.009) and those not on insulin (11.5% versus 15.3%; HR, 0.74; P=0.009). Myocardial infarction was reduced with prasugrel by 18% among subjects without DM (7.2% versus 8.7%; HR, 0.82; P=0.006) and by 40% among subjects with DM (8.2% versus 13.2%; HR, 0.60; P<0.001, Pinteraction=0.02). Although TIMI major hemorrhage was increased among subjects without DM on prasugrel (1.6% versus 2.4%; HR, 1.43; P=0.02), the rates were similar among subjects with DM for clopidogrel and prasugrel (2.6% versus 2.5%; HR, 1.06; P=0.81, Pinteraction=0.29). Net clinical benefit with prasugrel was greater for subjects with DM (14.6% versus 19.2%; HR, 0.74; P=0.001) than for subjects without DM (11.5% versus 12.3%; HR, 0.92; P=0.16, Pinteractionerac,iun=0.05). Conclusions-Subjects with DM tended to have a greater reduction in ischemic events without an observed increase in TIMI major bleeding and therefore a greater net treatment benefit with prasugrel compared with clopidogrel. These data demonstrate that the more intensive oral antiplatelet therapy provided with prasugrel is of particular benefit to patients with DM. © 2008 American Heart Association, Inc. ER  - 
Prasugrel: A new antiplatelet drug for the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease$$$ Prasugrel, trade name Effient, is an investigational new antiplatelet drug currently under review for clinical use by the Food and Drug Administration. It is a thienopyridine analog with a structure similar to that of clopidogrel and ticlopidine. Thienopyridine derivatives inhibit platelet aggregation induced by adenosine diphosphate by irreversibly inhibiting the binding of adenosine diphosphate to the purinergic P2Y12 receptor on the platelet surface. Prasugrel has been shown to be a potent antiplatelet agent with a faster, more consistent, and greater inhibition of platelet aggregation compared with clopidogrel. It is debatable, however, how effectively these pharmacologic benefits will translate to clinical benefits. The results of the large TRITON-TIMI 38 trial, which compared prasugrel and clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndrome who were scheduled to receive coronary stents, demonstrated a significant reduction in ischemic events, including stent thrombosis, with prasugrel, but with an increased risk of major bleeding. The exact role of prasugrel in the management of ischemic heart disease is still being defined, but the risk:benefit ratio will likely play a major role in directing the best place for therapy with this new agent. Copyright © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Effect of race/ethnicity on the efficacy of warfarin: Potential implications for prevention of stroke in patients with atrial fibrillation$$$ Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common sustained arrhythmia seen in clinical practice. It affects approximately 6% of persons over 65 years of age and is independently associated with a 4- to 5-fold higher risk of ischaemic stroke and a 2-fold higher risk of death. Randomized controlled trials have shown that treatment with adjusted-dose oral vitamin K antagonists (primarily warfarin with a target international normalized ratio [INR] of 2.0-3.0) reduces the relative risk of ischaemic stroke by two-thirds (an approximately 3% reduction in annual absolute risk), but is associated with a 0.2% excess annual absolute risk of intracranial haemorrhage (ICH). However, in 'real world' studies, the risk reductions in ischaemic stroke with warfarin have been significantly lower (25-50% relative risk reduction) than in selected trial samples. Moreover, more than 90% of patients enrolled in the sentinel trials were White/European. This raises the question of whether the beneficial results of warfarin can be extrapolated to persons of colour. Important differences in stroke risk profile and responsiveness to warfarin exist across racial/ethnic groups, such that one cannot assume a priori that there is a net benefit of warfarin therapy for AF patients of all racial/ethnic groups. Among patients with ischaemic stroke, AF is more likely to be implicated as the cause of stroke in the White population than in other racial/ethnic groups. Furthermore, AF may be a stronger predictor of ischaemic stroke among the White population than in Black or Hispanic/Latino populations. Approximately one-third of strokes in AF patients are noncardioembolic. Warfarin has been shown to be ineffective in preventing recurrent noncardioembolic strokes. Many persons of colour with AF have other risk factors that predispose them to noncardioembolic stroke, which may partially explain why warfarin has been reported to be less efficacious in preventing strokes in non-White patients with AF, even after adjustment for co-morbidities and anticoagulation monitoring. Notably, the background incidence of ICH is higher in Black, Hispanic and Asian patients than in White patients. Any greater than expected increases in bleeding secondary to anticoagulation may potentially offset any benefit gained from cardioembolic stroke reduction, although this has not been fully resolved. Finally, there are racial/ethnic differences in the prevalence of certain polymorphisms in genes that influence warfarin pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics (e.g. cytochrome P450 2C9 and vitamin K epoxide reductase). The Asian population generally appear to require the lowest daily dose of warfarin to maintain a given INR target, with the White population requiring an intermediate daily dose and the Black population requiring the highest daily dose. These differences must be taken into account when administering warfarin in order to minimize the risk of under- or over-anticoagulation. In summary, warfarin is highly effective in preventing ischaemic strokes in White patients with AF at a modestly higher risk of ICH. Whether the same net clinical benefit extends to persons of colour is unproven. Given the rapidly changing demographic nationally and internationally, additional research is needed to resolve this important question. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clopidogrel and aspirin in cardiovascular medicine: Responders or not - current best available evidence$$$ Dual antiplatelet therapy represents an important advance for patients with established coronary artery disease. It is an important strategy for patients with acute coronary syndromes and those undergoing percutaneous transcatheter coronary interventions. Clopidogrel effectively inhibits ADP-induced platelet activation and aggregation by selectively and irreversibly blocking the P2Y12 receptor on the platelet membrane. Aspirin works by irreversibly acetylating the cyclooxygenase (COX-1) enzyme, thus suppressing the production of thromboxane A2 (TxA2) and inhibiting platelet activation and aggregation. Variable platelet response and potential resistance to therapy has emerged with aspirin and clopidogrel. The definitions of antiplatelet agents variability in responsiveness and nonresponsiveness are discussed. Clopidogrel and aspirin responsiveness as they are measured in the laboratory by various techniques (platelet aggregometry and point-of-care assays such as platelet function analyzer [PFA-100] and rapid platelet function assay [RPFA]) are evaluated. The mechanisms responsible for variations in responsiveness to antiplatelet agents such as clinical, cellular and genetic factors are defined. Aspirin and clopidogrel resistance are emerging clinical entities with potentially severe consequences such as myocardial infarction, stroke or death. The therapeutic interventions to deal with nonresponsiveness are reported, although specific recommendations are not clearly established. In the future, routine measurement of platelet function in patients with cardiovascular disease may become the standard of care. Personalized antithrombotic treatment strategies may be determined by ex-vivo measurements that identify critical pathways influencing thrombotic risk in the individual patient. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Aspirin resistance in neurosurgical vascular bypass procedures$$$ Introduction: Aspirin resistance has a reported incidence as high as 40.1 Excimer laser-assisted non-occlusive anastomosis (ELANA) was developed to avoid temporary occlusion of vessels during EC-IC bypass.2 This procedure avoids the inherent risk of occlusion time and the associated cerebral ischemia. Patients are preoperatively placed on aspirin regimens to promote increased blood flow, decreased blood viscosity, and thrombosis. Methods: After IRB approved informed consent, 16 patients were placed on 325mg of aspirin 2 days prior to surgery. On the morning of surgery, a VerifyNow Aspirin assay (Accumetrics San Diego, CA) was utilized to evaluate the effectiveness of aspirin therapy. Asprin prevents platelet activation by irreversibly binding to the COX-1 enzyme and preventing the conversion of arachidonic acid to thromboxane A2. Activation of GP IIb/IIIa receptors which are ultimately involved in platelet aggregation is inhibited. The VerifyNow Asprin Assay uses arachidonic acid as an agonist to measure platelet activation along this pathway. If the aspirin is effective in preventing conversion of arachidonic acid to thromboxane A2, the pathway is inhibited and platelets cannot aggregate. The assay determines this by measuring the rate and extent of changes in light transmittance caused by platelets aggregating in whole blood samples. Blood samples with inhibited platelets will produce a low level of light transmittance, while samples containing normally functioning platelets will aggregate more rapidly, resulting in a higher level of light transmittance. The results of this assay are quantified in Aspirin Reaction Units (ARU). Aspirin was considered to be therapeutic when less than 550 ARU were detected.3 All patients with ARU >550 were placed on coumadin or Plavix immediately postoperatively. Results: Table 1 shows the ARU for intracranial EC-IC bypass surgeries. The assay revealed 3 out of 16 patients (18.8) had ARU above 550. There were no thrombotic perioperative complications in any patient. Discussion: The occurrence of perioperative thrombosis can produce devastating complications including re-operations, extended ICU care, strokes, and death. The ELANA procedure offers advantages to traditional intracranial bypass techniques. Our preliminary study shows that there may need to be a concern over the presence of aspirin resistance, not only in candidates for the ELANA procedure, but also for any patient about to undergo a vascular bypass operation. Alberts et al found that 56 of patients taking low-dose aspirin (< 162 mg/dl) had normal platelet function compared with 28 of those taking >325 mg/d of aspirin.4 The study also found that 65 of patients taking enteric-coated aspirin had normal platelet function compared TABLE 1. Age Sex Operation ARU 59 F L STA-MCA Bypass 576 60 M EC-IC Bypass 383 57 M PICA/PICA Bypass 410 68 M M2-P2 ELANA Vein Bypass 474 53 F L STA-MCA Bypass 467 54 F EC-IC Bypass 425 58 M R STA-MCA Bypass 455 55 M M2/M2 IC-IC Bypass 504 STA-MCA EC-IC Bypass 70 F L STA-MCA Bypass 655 70 F R STA-MCA Bypass 600 80 M R Occipital to PICA Bypass 499 59 M R EC-P2 Bypass 484 48 M R STA-MCA Bypass 470 51 F PICA-PICA Bypass 453 59 M EC-IC Bypass 459 65 M R STA-MCA Bypass 452 with 25 taking an uncoated preparation. Our sample size prevents unambiguous conclusions as we further explore thrombotic complications during and following ELANA procedures. Conclusion: Aspirin resistance may be useful in informing therapeutic strategies for prevention of thrombotic complications in neurosurgical vascular bypass procedures. ER  - 
Antiplatelet drugs in cardiological practice: Established strategies and new developments$$$ A common pathophysiological course in vascular diseases is an overwhelming activation and aggregation of blood platelets, which results in atherothrombosis. By causing the last decisive step of cerebral, coronary, or peripheral arterial ischemia thrombotic complications of atherosclerotic disease represent a major player in death cause statistics of most western countries. The development of novel therapies against platelet-dependent thrombosis and the concurrent improvement of existing therapeutic strategies thus is a paramount focus of pharmaceutical research. Currently, efficiency, dosing and indications of established antiplatelet substances are being re-evaluated, whilst new, so far unrecognized molecular targets for inhibition of platelet activity come up front. This not only allows for interesting new therapeutical options, but also widens our insight into the role platelets play in atherosclerosis in general. This article summarizes the relevant pathophysiology of platelet activation, presents current concepts in antiplatelet drug therapy, and highlights the role of platelets in vascular diseases apart from atherothrombosis. © 2008 Krötz et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd. ER  - 
Clinical overview of promising nonthienopyridine antiplatelet agents$$$ Three novel nonthienopyridine antiplatelet agents-cangrelor, ticagrelor (AZD6140), and SCH 530348-are in advanced clinical testing in patients with coronary artery disease. Cangrelor and ticagrelor are direct and reversible inhibitors of the platelet adenosine 5′-diphosphate P2Y12 receptor, whereas SCH 530348 is a thrombin receptor antagonist. Clinical data available to date for each of these compounds suggest that they have safety and efficacy profiles that will be advantageous to patients with acute coronary syndromes or undergoing percutaneous intervention. We review the clinical features of these new platelet inhibition therapies. © 2008 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Aspirin resistance: Disparities and clinical implications$$$ Aspirin is one of the most widely prescribed drugs for the prevention of thrombosis in patients with vascular disease. Yet, aspirin is unable to prevent thrombosis in all patients. The term "aspirin resistance" has been used to broadly define the failure of aspirin to prevent a thrombotic event. Whether this is directly related to aspirin itself through biochemical aspirin resistance or treatment failure, or if it is because of aspirin's inability to overcome the thrombogenic aspects of the disease process itself, has not been elucidated. This can have dramatic clinical implications for a variety of vascular disease subsets and is cause for concern, considering the high prevalence of aspirin use for both primary and secondary prevention. Disparities exist in the rates of aspirin resistance among certain patient populations, such as women, patients with diabetes mellitus, and those with heart failure, and across clinical conditions, such as cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease. Clinical trial data from studies observing resistance have revealed that regardless of study size, dose of aspirin, control for drug interactions and adherence, or assay used to measure platelet function, aspirin resistance is associated with an increased risk for adverse events. Although the evidence is mounting, there has yet to be a consensus on the appropriate clinical response to aspirin resistance. ER  - 
Determining the efficacy of antiplatelet therapies for the individual: Lessons from clinical trials$$$ This article focuses on lessons learned from clinical trials of antiplatelet therapies - in particular, that the degree of inhibition of ex vivo platelet aggregation does not necessarily directly translate into clinical efficacy. As an example, the case of the oral platelet glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors is presented, in which despite consistent evidence of substantial inhibition of platelet aggregation, this class of drugs provided no clinical benefit in Phase III trials and, in fact, was harmful. Several hypotheses for these unexpected findings have been proposed, but none has been confirmed. The connection between ex vivo inhibition of platelet aggregation and clinical benefit of platelet P2Y12 antagonists is also not straightforward and is currently being tested in large clinical trials. A link between inflammatory status and clinical benefit from antiplatelet agents continues to emerge and highlights the fact that biomarkers beyond ex vivo platelet aggregation may predict the clinical benefit of antiplatelet agents that can reduce platelet activation (i.e., aspirin and thienopyridines). Results of past and ongoing trials hold valuable clues to determining the appropriate targets for maximizing antiplatelet efficacy, but the current lack of a proven ex vivo assay that correlates with clinical outcomes hampers clinical investigation, drug development programs, and clinical practice. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2007. ER  - 
New antiplatelet therapies in development$$$ Purpose. The efficacy and safety of new antiplatelet therapies, as well as antiplatelet therapies in development, are reviewed. Summary. Variability in the response to treatment with aspirin has been recognized for more than 40 years. Thienopyridine antiplatelet agents are now a standard pharmacologic component in the management of patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) and stent placement. However, investigators have recently described wide inter-individual variability in the level of platelet inhibition following treatment with the thienopyridine clopidogrel, with a small number of patients classified as "non-responders" or "resistant." Such variability in response is likely to have important clinical implications, because antiplatelet therapy plays a key role in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease, For example, recent studies have demonstrated that diminished response to clopidogrel may be associated with increased cardiac events after PCI. Even with larger-than-approved loading doses, clopidogrel requires several hours to reach a steady-state effect, and therapy must be discontinued for several days prior to surgery in order to avoid major bleeding events. Clinical trials of prasugrel, a new oral thienopyridine with a more rapid onset of platelet inhibition, have demonstrated significant reductions in adverse cardiovascular outcomes and stent thrombosis; however, there is an increased risk for major bleeding events with prasugrel in some subgroups of the study populations. These limitations have led to development of agents that may potentially overcome such clinical challenges. AZD6140, a novel, potent oral P2Y12 antagonist, demonstrated more effective platelet inhibition versus clopidogrel in a large randomized trial of patients with acute coronary syndrome. However, patients taking AZD6140 reported dyspnea significantly more frequently than those taking clopidogrel. Cangrelor, a novel intravenous P2Y12 receptor antagonist with a rapid onset of action and complete reversibility of platelet inhibition within 20-50 minutes of administration, may offer advantages over currently approved antiplatelet therapies. A new oral antiplatelet thrombin-receptor antagonist, TRA-SCH 530348, is in early clinical trials. Unlike currently available drugs, TRA-SCH 530348 effectively prevents thrombin-induced activation of platelets. Conclusion. Each new class of antiplatelet therapies has the potential for specific benefits and adverse effects in clinical use. Copyright © 2008, American Society of Health-System Pharmacists, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The C50T polymorphism of the cyclooxygenase-1 gene and the risk of thrombotic events during low-dose therapy with acetyl salicylic acid$$$ Aspirin prevents thrombotic events by inhibiting platelet cyclooxygenase-1 (COX-1), thus reducing thromboxane A2 formation and platelet aggregation.The C50T polymorphism of COX-1 is associated with an impaired inhibition of both thromboxane production and in-vitro platelet aggregation by aspirin. We studied whether this polymorphism is also associated with the risk of clinical thrombotic events in patients using aspirin. We included 496 patients admitted to our Coronary Care Unit for various indications treated with aspirin 80 mg daily. Genotyping for the C50T polymorphism demonstrated that 86.7% of the patients had the common genotype, and 13.3% had the variant (12.5% heterozygous, 0.8% homozygous). Baseline variables were well balanced, except that patients with the common genotype more frequently used aspirin prior to admission compared to those patients with the variant genotype.The composite primary endpoint of myocardial infarction, stroke, and/or cardiovascular death occurred in 98 patients (19.8%). Myocardial infarction occurred in 9.6% of patients, stroke in 1.6%, and cardiovascular death in 12.1%.The unadjusted hazard ratio (95% CI) for the primary endpoint for patients with the variant versus the common genotype was 1.07 (0.62-1.85), p=0.8.The adjusted hazard ratio was 0.86 (0.49-1.50), p=0.6. In prior laboratory studies the COX-1 C50T polymorphism was associated with an impaired inhibitory effect of aspirin on thromboxane production and platelet function. However, in this cohort of patients using low-dose aspirin for secondary prevention the polymorphism was not associated with a higher risk of atherothrombotic events. © 2008 Schattauer GmbH. ER  - 
Statins do not adversely affect post-interventional residual platelet aggregation and outcomes in patients undergoing coronary stenting treated by dual antiplatelet therapy$$$ Aims: There are growing data suggesting a clinical relevance of residual platelet aggregation (RPA) in patients undergoing PCI. Drug-drug interaction of statins and clopidogrel has been controversially discussed in ex vivo studies and clinical trials. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of peri-procedural statin medication on the metabolization of aspirin and clopidogrel with regard to platelet aggregation and clinical outcome in patients undergoing coronary intervention. Methods and results: Patients with coronary stenting for symptomatic coronary artery disease are routinely evaluated by platelet function analysis in a monocentre registry, and for the present study, a consecutive cohort of 1155 patients were analysed. About 87.7% of the patients were treated with statins at the time of platelet function analysis. Residual platelet activity assessed by adenosine diphosphate (20 μmol/L)-induced platelet aggregation was not significantly influenced by statin treatment. Nor the significant effects of CYP3A4-metabolization pathway on post-treatment aggregation were recorded, although there was even a trend to lower RPA values in patients treated with CYP3A4-metabolized statins. Further, in an inter-individual analysis comparing patients treated with CYP3A4- and non-CYP3A4-metabolized statins, no time-dependent difference of clopidogreĺs anti-aggregatory effects was observed. Clinical follow-up of major adverse events (myocardial infarction, ischaemic stroke, death) in 991 patients within 3 months revealed no significant adverse effects of statin treatment on clinical outcome. Instead, statin treatment was independently associated with lower incidence of composite events (HR 0.44, 95% confidence interval 0.23-0.83, P = 0.01). Conclusion: Peri-procedural co-administration of statins does not increase the post-interventional RPA in cardiovascular patients treated with dual antiplatelet therapy and does not worsen the clinical prognosis of these patients. © The Author 2008. ER  - 
pVASP as a biomarker for platelet activation: Inhibition of the EP3 receptor by the novel antiplatelet agent DG-041 prevents pVASP dephosphorylation$$$ Background: Our genetic studies have identified a sequence variant in the PTGER3 gene encoding the EP3 receptor for prostaglandin E2 as a risk factor for PAD, MI and stroke. DG-041 is a potent and selective antagonist of the EP3 receptor, currently under development for the treatment of atherothrombosis. EP3 is a G1 coupled receptor, which upon activation predisposes the platelet towards an activated state. The EP3 pathway is currently not protected by any anti-platelet therapy. Vasodilator - stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) is a major substrate for cAMP/cGMP protein kinases in platelets. Phosphorylation of VASP is a significant check-point regulator of platelet activation, where an increase in pVASP correlates with inhibition of platelets. VASP is also involved in the down-regulation of platelet adhesion to the vascular wall under both physiological and pathophysiological conditions. Here we examine the effects of EP3 agonist mediated dephosphorylation of pVASP and the protection afforded by DG-041 under various experimental in-vitro conditions. Methods: A sensitive pVASP ELISA method was developed to detect low levels of pVASP in platelet-rich-plasma (PRP). The ELISA method was used to measure pVASP levels in PRP after in-vitro stimulation under different conditions. Platelet aggregation was performed using light transmission aggregometry. Results: DG-041 afforded protection of pVASP in a concentration-dependent manner with an EC50 of 207 nM. The effect of DG-041 on pVASP highly correlated with the effect of DG-041 on the inhbition of collagen/sulprostone mediated platelet aggregation (EC50 of 219 nM). EP3 signaling and the potency of platelet inhibition by DG-041 was not affected in samples from PAD patients taking either ASA or the P2Y12 anti-platelet agent Plavix. Conclusions: DG-041 prevented EP3 stimulated platelet activation as measured by pVASP. The effect of DG-041 on pVASP closely correlated with its inhibitory effect on platelet aggregation. EP3-dependent platelet activation as measured by pVASP was not affected by current anti-platelet therapies in PAD patients nor was there any effect of these agents on protection provided by DG-041. pVASP has utility as a biomarker of DG-041 treatment effects in human clinical trials. ER  - 
Aspirin and platelet adenosine diphosphate receptor antagonists in acute coronary syndromes and percutaneous coronary intervention: Role in therapy and strategies to overcome resistance$$$ Platelet activation and aggregation are key components in the cascade of events causing thrombosis following plaque rupture. Antiplatelet therapy is essential in the treatment of patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and for those requiring percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Aspirin (acetylsalicylic acid) is a well established antiplatelet therapy and is mandated for secondary prevention of cardiovascular events following ACS. In patients with ACS, the addition of clopidogrel to aspirin is more effective than aspirin alone. For patients undergoing PCI, dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel is warranted. Aspirin should be continued indefinitely after PCI. Pretreatment of patients with clopidogrel prior to PCI lowers the incidence of cardiovascular events, yet the optimum timing of drug administration and dose are still being investigated, as is the duration of therapy following PCI. Late-stent thrombosis with drug-eluting stents has pushed the recommendation for duration of clopidogrel therapy up to 1 year and perhaps beyond, in patients without risks for bleeding. The concepts of aspirin and clopidogrel resistance are important clinical questions. No uniform definition exists for aspirin or clopidogrel resistance. Measurements of resistance are often highly variable and do not necessarily correlate with clinical resistance. Noncompliance remains the most prominent mode of resistance. Screening of selected patient populations for resistance or pharmacologic intervention of those patients termed 'resistant' warrants further study. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The Role of Aspirin in Cardiovascular Prevention. Implications of Aspirin Resistance$$$ Aspirin is well recognized as an effective antiplatelet drug for secondary prevention in subjects at high risk of cardiovascular events. However, most patients receiving long-term aspirin therapy still remain at substantial risk of thrombotic events due to insufficient inhibition of platelets, specifically via the thromboxane A2 pathway. Although the exact prevalence is unknown, estimates suggest that between 5.5% and 60% of patients using this drug may exhibit a degree of "aspirin resistance," depending upon the definition used and parameters measured. To date, only a limited number of clinical studies have convincingly investigated the importance of aspirin resistance. Of these, few are of a sufficient scale, well designed, and prospective, with aspirin used at standard doses. Also, most studies do not sufficiently address the issue of noncompliance to aspirin as a frequent, yet easily preventable cause of resistance to this antiplatelet drug. This review article provides a comprehensive overview of aspirin resistance, discussing its definition, prevalence, diagnosis, and therapeutic approaches. Moreover, the clinical implications of aspirin resistance are explored in various cardiovascular disease states, including diabetes mellitus, hypertension, heart failure, and other similar disorders where platelet reactivity is enhanced. © 2008 American College of Cardiology Foundation. ER  - 
Antiplatelet therapy for secondary prevention of noncardioembolic ischemic stroke: A critical review$$$ For patients with ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack caused by atherothromboembolism, immediate and long-term aspirin reduces the relative risk of recurrent stroke, MI, and death attributable to vascular causes. Oral anticoagulation is not more effective than aspirin. Long-term clopidogrel reduces the relative risk of stroke, MI, or vascular death by about 9% (0.3% to 16.5%) compared with aspirin. Any long-term benefits of clopidogrel combined with aspirin, compared with aspirin or clopidogrel alone, appear to be offset by increased major bleeding. The combination of aspirin and extended-release dipyridamole reduces the relative odds of stroke, MI, or vascular death by about 18% (odds ratio 0.82, 0.74 to 0.91) compared with aspirin alone without causing more bleeding. Cilostazole reduces the risk of stroke, MI, or vascular death by 39% compared to placebo. A large clinical trial comparing clopidogrel with the combination of aspirin and dipyridamole, in >20 000 patients with recent (<120 days) atherothrombotic ischemic stroke, is expected to report in 2008. Emerging antiplatelet therapies presently being evaluated for secondary prevention of atherothromboembolism include other P2Y12 ADP receptor antagonists (prasugrel, cangrelor, AZD 6140), thromboxane receptor antagonists (eg, S18886 - terutroban), and thrombin receptor (PAR-1) antagonists (eg, SCH530348). © 2008 American Heart Association, Inc. ER  - 
Unmet needs in antiplatelet therapy$$$ Despite antiplatelet therapy, patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and those undergoing coronary intervention continue to experience atherothrombotic events, indicating a need for improvement in both overall patient management and antiplatelet treatments. Limitations of clopidogrel, which is widely used in dual therapy with aspirin, include slow onset of effect, low inhibition of platelet aggregation (IPA) in many patients, interindividual variability in response, and irreversible P2Y12 binding that prevents rapid offset of effect. Higher doses of clopidogrel may overcome some of these issues, and new oral agents such as the thienopyridine prasugrel and the reversible P2Y12 antagonist AZD6140 have faster onset of action and produce greater IPA. However, antiplatelet treatment must strike a balance between reduced atherothrombotic risk and bleeding risk, and it has yet to be determined whether greater platelet inhibition will produce better clinical outcome in terms of ischaemic events with an acceptable bleeding profile. Bleeding is an inherent risk of antiplatelet therapy and an independent predictor of poor prognosis in ACS patients, a factor that should be taken into account in assessing risks and benefits of antiplatelet treatment. New reversible P2Y12 antagonists offer the potential to discontinue antiplatelet therapy closer to invasive procedures compared with the thienopyridines, thus potentially reducing both procedure-related bleeding rates and duration of exposure to atherothrombotic risk prior to procedures. Ongoing large-scale Phase 3 trials will provide important information on whether the strategies of achieving higher levels of P2Y12 inhibition and using reversible inhibitors can improve antiplatelet therapy. © The Author 2008. ER  - 
The neurokinin 1 receptor: a potential new target for anti-platelet therapy?$$$ The important role of platelets in the development of arterial thrombosis and cardiovascular disease is well established. Current treatments for arterial thrombosis include anti-platelet agents such as aspirin, thienopyridines and glycoprotein IIb-IIIa inhibitors. Despite these drugs being effective there remains a substantial unmet clinical demand for more effective therapeutic approaches, which may reflect the existence of alternative underlying regulatory mechanisms to those already targeted. Recent publications have demonstrated a key role for tachykinins in the positive feedback regulation of platelet aggregation and thrombus formation. The pro-thrombotic effects of tachykinins on platelets are mediated through the neurokinin 1 receptor, which may therefore offer a novel therapeutic drug target in the prevention and the treatment of arterial thrombosis. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Triflusal versus aspirin for the prevention of stroke$$$ Antiplatelet agents represent an important part of the therapeutic armamentarium in the prevention of stroke. Triflusal is an antiplatelet agent structurally related to salicylates but not derived from acetylsalicylic acid. Like aspirin, triflusal irreversibly acetylates cyclo-oxygenase isoform 1 (COX-1) and therefore inhibits thromboxane biosynthesis. Triflusal is rapidly absorbed after oral administration, with an absorption half life of 0.44 hours. Evidence of the efficacy and safety of triflusal is derived from clinical trials performed in patients with unstable angina, acute myocardial infarction, stroke, aortocoronary by-pass, atrial fibrillation, valve replacement, and asthmatic patients intolerant to aspirin and/or non-steroidal antiinflamatory drugs (NSAID). The Triflusal versus Aspirin for the Prevention of Infarction: A Randomized Stroke Study (TAPIRSS) study was performed to explore the efficacy and safety of triflusal versus aspirin in the prevention of vascular complications in patients with a previous TIA or ischemic stroke in a Latin American population. In this pilot study differences between triflusal and aspirin in the prevention of vascular complications after TIA or ischemic stroke were not observed. Hemorrhagic risk was lower with triflusal than with aspirin. The TAPIRSS study contributed evidence on the efficacy and safety of triflusal as a valid alternative to aspirin in the prevention of vascular events in patients with ischemic stroke or TIA. © 2008 Cambridge Univeristy Press. ER  - 
Epidemiology of atherothrombotic disease and the effectiveness and risks of antiplatelet therapy: Race and ethnicity considerations$$$ Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in the United States, accounting for approximately 60% of total mortality in 2002. There is evidence that race and ethnicity is a risk factor for atherothrombotic events. Blacks have a greater risk of complications from coronary heart disease and unstable angina, with a higher coronary heart disease death rate compared with whites. The risk of ischemic stroke is 2-4 times higher among blacks compared with whites, whereas the risk of peripheral arterial disease is highest among non-Hispanic blacks. Additionally, Asian-Pacific Islander ethnicity is an independent risk factor for bleeding, even though this ethnic group receives less antithrombotic therapy compared with whites. The increased risk of events in these patient populations may have its basis in racial and ethnic differences in the pathobiology of atherosclerosis. Some racial and ethnic populations are also inadequately prescribed antiplatelet therapy despite their higher risk. Although this difference in therapy is hard to explain, it is becoming clear that factors other than socioeconomic status or clinical presentation are influencing racial differences in physician provisions of therapy. Antiplatelet therapy, including aspirin and clopidogrel, is an important component of risk reduction strategies, and there are few data to suggest racial or ethnic variations in drug efficacies. Thus, understanding and overcoming race and ethnicity-related treatment disparities should lead to significant clinical improvements in these under-served populations. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
P2 receptors, platelet function and pharmacological implications$$$ ADP and ATP play a crucial role in platelet activation and their receptors are potential targets for antithrombotic drugs. The ATP-gated cation channel P2X1 and the two G protein-coupled ADP receptors, P2Y1 and P2Y12, selectively contribute to platelet aggregation and formation of a thrombus. Owing to its central role in the growth and stabilization of a thrombus, the P2Y12 receptor is an established target of antithrombotic drugs like the thienopyridines clopidogrel or prasugrel, or competitive antagonists such as cangrelor or AZD6140. The optimal inhibition of this receptor to reach clinical efficacy while preserving patients from unacceptable bleeding is a matter of debate. On the other hand, studies in P2Y1 and P2X1 knockout mice and using selective P2Y 1 and P2X1 antagonists have shown that these receptors are also attractive targets for new antithrombotic compounds. Finally, the regulation by the P2 receptors of the platelet involvement in inflammatory processes is also briefly discussed. © 2008 Schattauer GmbH. ER  - 
Antiplatelet treatment of cardiovascular disease: A translational research perspective$$$ Platelet mediated thrombosis is the primary cause of ischemic event occurrence in patients with cardiovascular disease. The P2Y12 receptor plays a central role in thrombus generation and is therefore a major target for pharmacologic therapy. Although various clinical trials have demonstrated the efficacy of dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel, recurrent ischemic events occur in approximately 10% of patients with acute coronary artery syndromes. Recent translational research studies have explored the various limitations of dual antiplatelet therapy including wide response variability and resistance. The association of ischemic event occurrence with high on-treatment platelet reactivity to adenosine diphosphate has been reported in recent small studies suggesting that the latter may be a quantifiable and modifiable risk factor. Recent studies have identified a potential therapeutic target for P2Y12 inhibitors that may influence the future development of personalized antiplatelet treatment strategies aimed at the reduction of ischemic event occurrence in high risk patients. Finally, based on the current evidence platelet reactivity may become a standard of care risk factor measured in all patients with cardiovascular disease. Copyright by Medycyna Praktyczna, 2008. ER  - 
Interaction between statins and clopidogrel: Is there anything clinically relevant?$$$ Since their introduction several years ago, the 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMGCoA) reductase inhibitors - the statins - have been widely used for hyperlipidemia and for the primary/secondary prevention of cardiovascular diseases. They have been shown to be safe as well as efficacious in a number of different clinical trials; however, studies have suggested that they can interact with other co-administered therapies. More recently, the thienopyridines have been successfully integrated with the conventional medical treatment of coronary disease as they showed effectiveness in reducing platelet activity both in stable and unstable settings. They also improve the outcome of patients treated with percutaneous coronary intervention. The potential interaction of statins and thienopyridines is a matter of concern. Despite some preclinical data suggesting an interaction between statins metabolized by the liver cytochrome P3A4 - such as atorvastatin, lovastatin and simvastatin - and clopidogrel, there is no compelling clinical evidence to stop their co-administration. © The Author 2008. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Association of Physicians. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Variability in individual responsiveness to aspirin: Clinical implications and treatment$$$ Aspirin protects from cardiovascular events because of its antiaggregant effect. The occurrence of new events in patients who take aspirin has been called clinical aspirin resistance. Many authors believe that aspirin resistance must be detected by biochemical tests, although there is no agreement on which is the best. Nor is there agreement on the term aspirin resistance. Tests used in research laboratories are aggregometry (turbidometric and impedance), tests based on activation-dependent changes in platelet surface, and tests based on activation-dependent release from platelets. Point-of-care tests are PFA-100, IMPACT and VerifyNow, which can detect platelet dysfunction that may be due to aspirin effect, but their use for this purpose is not yet recommended. Aspirin response may be modified by different factors: patient's compliance, dose, smoking, hyperlipidemia, hyperglucemia, acute coronary syndrome, percutaneous revascularization, recent stroke, extracorporeal circulation, heart failure, exercise, circadian rhythm, absorption, concomitant medications, polymorphisms. Patients with aspirin resistance may have an increased risk of cardiovascular events, and possible therapeutic options are to increase the dosage, to replace aspirin with another antiaggregant drug or to add another drug. In conclusion, there are many reasons that explain the variability in individual responsiveness to aspirin. The term resistance is probably not exact in describing this phenomenon. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
What are the new targets in atherothrombosis?$$$ Atherosclerosis is a progressive and generalized disease whose ultimate complication is atherothrombosis. Atherosclerotic plaque formation stands at the crossroads of multiple systems including lipid metabolism, endothelial dysfunction, immunity, inflammation, hemostasis, angiogenesis, and tissue repair. The mainstay of prevention includes risk factor management through lifestyle modification and treatment of underlying disease. Blood platelets and the coagulation system play a central role, both in acute thrombosis following plaque rupture, and in vascular inflammation and atherosclerotic plaque formation. Management of the acute phase of thrombosis includes inhibition of platelet function by aspirin and P2Y12 receptor and GP-IIbIIIa inhibitors, in combination with anticoagulants; secondary prevention is based on antiplatelet therapy. New vascular and platelet targets promise major strides in terms of antiatherothrombotic strategies. Copyright © 2007 LLS SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Is there a role for combinations of antiplatelet agents in stroke prevention?$$$ Antiplatelet medications are the agents of choice for secondary revention of non-cardioembolic ischemic strokes. Multiple clinical trials have proven their reliable albeit modest clinical benefits and relatively good safety profile. The most commonly recommended antiplatelet agents for secondary stroke prevention in North America and Europe are aspirin, clopidogrel, and the combination of aspirin and extended-release dipyridamole. Because of the multiple pharmacologic mechanisms available for platelet inhibition, combination antiplatelet agents have the potential for synergistic effects. However, combinations of antithrombotic agents do not necessarily improve clinical efficacy and are typically associated with increased toxiciiy. Clopidogrel and aspirin have been used in combination in patients with diverse arterial vascular diseases. Combination antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel and aspirin has established clinical benefits, particularly in coronary disease and in patients who have undergone coronary stenting. Although it is tempting to extrapolate the benefits of clopidogrel and aspirin to the setting of secondary stroke prevention, recent clinical trials have failed to document significant clinical benefits in cerebrovascular patients. This failure has occurred because of a lack of significant efficacy for prevention of vascular events and a substantial increase in bleeding risk. Therefore, the clopidogrel and aspirin combination is not recommended for recurrent stroke prevention. In general, when clopidogrel is used for cerebrovascular patients, the addition of aspirin should be avoided unless there is a specific cardiac indication such as recent acute coronary syndrome or a coronary stent. The combination of aspirin and extended-release dipyridamole is supported by Class I data from two large studies demonstrating superiority over aspirin alone for recurrent stroke prevention. Although dual antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel and aspirin has never been directly compared with the combination of aspirin and extended-release dipyridamole, clinical trial results favor the latter for secondary stroke prevention. Currently, there are no data for primary stroke prevention with dual antiplatelet agents regarding aspirin and extended-release dipyridamole. Limited data from the recent Clopidogrel for High Atherothrombotic Risk and Ischemic Stabilization Management and Avoidance (CHARISMA) trial indicate that the combination of clopidogrel ang aspirin may be harmful, compared with aspirin alone. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC. ER  - 
Pharmacogenomics of platelet responsiveness to aspirin$$$ Aspirin is the most widely used drug in the world for cardiovascular protection. Aspirin's ability to suppress platelet function varies widely among individuals and lesser suppression of platelet function is associated with increased risk of myocardial infarction, stroke and cardiovascular death. Platelet response to aspirin is a complex phenotype involving multiple genes and molecular pathways. Aspirin response phenotypes can be categorized as directly or indirectly related to cyclooxygenase-1 (COX-1) activity, with phenotypic variation indirectly related to COX-1 being much more prominent. Recent data indicate that variability in platelet response to aspirin is genetically determined, but the specific gene variants that contribute to phenotypic variation are not known. An understanding of the relationship between genotype, aspirin response phenotype and clinical outcome will help to bring about a personalized approach to antiplatelet therapy that maximizes antithrombotic benefit whilst minimizing bleeding risk for individual patients. © 2007 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Antiplatelet agents make a comeback in ST-elevation myocardial infarction$$$ Although data from CLARITY-TIMI 28 and COMMIT/CCS-2 affirm the importance of antiplatelet agents as adjuncts to fibrinolytic therapy in STEMI, several questions remain. Novel antiplatelet agents have attractive properties for use in STEMI such as rapid onset, higher and more consistent levels of platelet inhibition, and in some cases rapid offset. Although lessons from the past suggest caution before embracing potent antiplatelet agents in STEMI, current data with clopidogrel coupled with potential pharmacologic advantages of newer agents may signal a bright future for adjunctive antiplatelet agents in STEMI. © 2007 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Antiplatelet therapy: Present status and future prospects$$$ The excessive accumulation of platelets at sites of vascular injury is a key event in the development of arterial thrombosis, the principal pathogenic mechanism underlying the acute coronary syndromes and ischaemic stroke. In combination, these disorders are the leading causes of morbidity and mortality in the industrialised world and, as a consequence, the platelet is a major therapeutic target in the management of cardiovascular disease. This perspective focuses on the present state of antiplatelet therapy and potential future strategies to improve the safety and efficacy of antiplatelet agents. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Lack of Evidence of a Clopidogrel-Statin Interaction in the CHARISMA Trial$$$ Objectives: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the potential impact of clopidogrel and statin interaction in a randomized, placebo-controlled trial with long-term follow-up. Background: There are conflicting data regarding whether statins predominantly metabolized by CYP3A4 reduce the metabolism of clopidogrel to its active metabolite and diminish its clinical efficacy. Methods: The CHARISMA trial was a randomized trial comparing long-term 75 mg/day clopidogrel versus placebo in patients with cardiovascular disease or multiple risk factors on aspirin. The primary end point was a composite of myocardial infarction, stroke, or cardiovascular death at median follow-up of 28 months. We performed a secondary analysis evaluating the interaction of clopidogrel versus placebo with statin administration, categorizing baseline statin use to those predominantly CYP3A4 metabolized (atorvastatin, lovastatin, simvastatin; CYP3A4-MET) or others (pravastatin, fluvastatin; non-CYP3A4-MET). Results: Of 15,603 patients enrolled, 10,078 received a statin at baseline (8,245 CYP3A4-MET, 1,748 non-CYP3A4-MET) and 5,496 did not. For the overall population, the primary end point was 6.8% with clopidogrel and 7.3% with placebo (hazard ratio [HR] 0.93; p = 0.22). This was similar among patients on CYP3A4-MET (5.9% clopidogrel, 6.6% placebo, HR 0.89; p = 0.18) or non-CYP3A4-MET statin (5.7% clopidogrel, 7.2% placebo, HR 0.78; p = 0.19). There was no interaction between statin types and randomized treatment (p = 0.69). Patients on atorvastatin (n = 4,127) (5.7% clopidogrel, 7.1% placebo, HR 0.80; p = 0.06) or pravastatin (n = 1,440) (5.1% clopidogrel, 7.0% placebo, HR 0.72; p = 0.13) had similar event rates. Conclusions: Despite theoretic concerns and ex vivo testing suggesting a potential negative interaction with concomitant clopidogrel and CYP3A4-MET statin administration, there was no evidence of an interaction clinically in a large placebo-controlled trial with long-term follow-up. © 2007 American College of Cardiology Foundation. ER  - 
Does glycoprotein IIIa gene (PlA) polymorphism influence clopidogrel resistance? A study in older patients$$$ Background: Clopidogrel is a potent antiplatelet drug used for secondary prevention after ischaemic cardiovascular or cerebrovascular events. In patients with aspirin (acetylsalicylic acid) intolerance or resistance, it is used as monotherapy. Recent data report that PlA polymorphism of the glycoprotein IIIa gene may account for differences in aspirin-induced antiplatelet effects. An increased degree of platelet reactivity was also reported in PlA2 carriers compared with PlA1/A1 patients after administration of a clopidogrel 300mg loading dose. Objectives: The aim of this study was to assess the modulatory effect of the PlA2 allele on platelet aggregation in patients taking long-term clopidogrel. Methods: The prevalence of the PlA2 allele was assessed in 38 (21 males, 17 females; mean age 63 ± 13 years) clopidogrel-resistant and 59 (26 males, 33 females; mean age 63 ± 11 years) clopidogrel-responsive patients. The polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism method was utilised to evaluate PlA polymorphism. A Carat TX4® optical platelet aggregometer (Carat Diagnostics Ltd, Budapest, Hungary) was used to measure 5 and 10 μmol/L adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet aggregation. Results: Significantly more patients were taking combination antiplatelet therapy in the clopidogrel-resistant group than in the clopidogrel-responsive group (50% vs 30%, respectively). The prevalence of the PlA2 allele did not differ significantly between the two groups (0.09 vs 0.13), even after adjustment for combination therapy and various risk factors. Conclusions: Our results show that carriers of the PlA2 allele do not have an increased risk of clopidogrel resistance. These findings and data from our previous studies suggest that patients with a PlA2 allele homozygosity may benefit from antiplatelet therapy based on clopidogrel rather than aspirin. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clopidogrel: A review of its use in the prevention of thrombosis$$$ Clopidogrel (Plavix®, Iscover®) selectively and irreversibly inhibits adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-induced platelet aggregation. Long-term administration of clopidogrel was associated with a modest but statistically significant advantage over aspirin in reducing adverse cardiovascular outcomes in patients with established cardiovascular disease in the CAPRIE trial. In other large well designed multicentre trials, such as CURE, COMMIT and CLARITY-TIMI 28, the addition of clopidogrel to aspirin therapy improved outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndromes. However, some issues regarding the use of clopidogrel remain unresolved, such as the optimal loading dose in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions (PCI) and the optimal treatment duration following drug-eluting intracoronary stent placement. Results of several large randomised trials, therefore, have established clopidogrel as an effective and well tolerated antiplatelet agent for the secondary prevention of ischaemic events in patients with various cardiovascular conditions, including those with ischaemic stroke or acute coronary syndromes. In addition, treatment guidelines from the US and Europe acknowledge the importance of clopidogrel in contemporary cardiovascular medicine. Pharmacological Properties: Clopidogrel is a thienopyridine antiplatelet agent that acts by selectively and irreversibly inhibiting ADP-induced platelet aggregation mediated by the P2Y12 purinoceptor on the platelet surface. Inhibition of platelet aggregation occurs within 2 hours of administration of clopidogrel. The time to achieve maximal inhibition of platelet aggregation is significantly reduced by the use of a loading dose of clopidogrel. Platelet aggregation and bleeding times gradually return to baseline values ≈5 days after discontinuation of the drug. However, as demonstrated in ex vivo platelet aggregation studies, there can be substantial interindividual variability in the onset and offset of the antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel. Clopidogrel is a prodrug that must undergo biotransformation via cytochrome P450 (CYP)-mediated hepatic metabolism to an active metabolite. The active moiety is highly unstable and its pharmacokinetic properties have not been determined. Plasma concentrations of the parent compound are usually undetectable ≈2 hours after administration of clopidogrel because it is rapidly converted to the main circulating metabolite, an inactive carboxylic acid derivative, which represents ≈85% of circulating drug-related compounds in plasma. A peak plasma concentration of ≈3 mg/L for the main metabolite occurs ≈1 hour after repeated doses of clopidogrel 75 mg/day. Food does not affect bioavailability. The elimination half-life of the carboxylic acid metabolite is ≈7-8 hours. Activation of clopidogrel occurs via CYP3A4 in humans, and ex vivo studies indicate that atorvastatin inhibits its activation; however, the clinical benefit of clopidogrel has not been shown to be reduced by concomitant administration of atorvastatin and further study appears to be warranted. Therapeutic Efficacy: Clopidogrel has been evaluated in several large, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicentre clinical trials. Treatment with clopidogrel for 1-3 years in the CAPRIE study was associated with a modest but statistically significant advantage over aspirin in reducing adverse cardiovascular outcomes in patients with recent myocardial infarction (MI), recent stroke or established peripheral arterial disease. In the CURE trial, the early and long-term use of clopidogrel plus aspirin for up to 1 year was associated with a significant reduction in adverse cardiovascular outcomes (e.g. composite of death from cardiovascular causes, nonfatal MI or stroke) compared with that of aspirin alone in patients with acute coronary syndromes without ST-segment elevation. In COMMIT, patients presenting within 24 hours of onset of ST-segment elevation MI (STEMI) who were randomised to receive a short course (e.g. 4 weeks) of clopidogrel plus aspirin had significantly lower rates of death and the composite of death, MI or stroke than those who were randomised to aspirin alone. The CLARITY-TIMI 28 trial, which was conducted in patients who presented within 12 hours after the onset of STEMI and were deemed candidates for coronary angiography, showed a marked reduction in the rate of an occluded infarct-related artery (as reflected by Thrombolysis in MI [TIMI] flow grade 0 or 1), recurrent MI or death among patients who were randomised to receive a short course of clopidogrel (e.g. ≤8 days, including a loading dose) in addition to standard therapy (including aspirin, a thrombolytic and, if necessary, heparin) compared with those who received standard therapy only. Essentially all patients (99.7%) in CLARITY-TIMI 28 received thrombolytic therapy, whereas thrombolytics were not mandated in COMMIT and only about half of patients received such therapy. Prospectively planned analyses of patients who underwent PCI in CURE and CLARITY-TIMI 28 were also conducted. Results of PCI-CURE in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes showed that the use of clopidogrel plus aspirin was associated with a reduced incidence of events in the primary outcome cluster of cardiovascular death, MI or urgent target vessel revascularisation within 30 days of PCI compared with aspirin alone; longer-term cardiovascular events (mean follow-up period 8 months) were also significantly reduced with dual antiplatelet therapy. Results of PCI-CLARITY in patients with STEMI showed that randomisation to clopidogrel (in addition to standard therapy) was associated with a significant reduction in the incidence of the primary composite endpoint of cardiovascular death, recurrent MI or stroke from the time of PCI to 30 days after randomisation. In addition to these analyses in patients undergoing PCI, the CREDO trial compared the early and long-term use of clopidogrel plus aspirin for 1 year with a shorter course of dual antiplatelet therapy (28 days starting after PCI) followed by aspirin only to the end of the study. Patients in the former group had a significantly lower incidence of events in the 1-year primary composite endpoint of death, MI or stroke than those in the latter group. There was also a numerical advantage in the 28-day composite endpoint, although this did not achieve statistical significance. CREDO is the only large prospective trial involving clopidogrel in the setting of elective PCI. Results have been less favourable in the MATCH study in high-risk patients with recent ischaemic stroke or transient ischaemic attack and the CHARISMA trial in patients with clinically evident cardiovascular disease or multiple risk factors. In MATCH, the combined use of clopidogrel and aspirin for 18 months was associated with a nonsignificant reduction in the composite primary endpoint of ischaemic stroke, MI, vascular death or rehospitalisation for acute ischaemia compared with clopidogrel alone, but the dual antiplatelet regimen was also associated with an increased risk of life-threatening or major bleeding. After a median follow-up period of 28 months in CHARISMA, patients randomised to receive clopidogrel plus aspirin had a nonsignificant reduction in the primary composite endpoint of MI, stroke or cardiovascular death compared with those receiving aspirin only. However, there was also a nonsignificant increase in the risk of primary events and a significant increase in mortality with dual antiplatelet therapy in the subgroup of patients without documented cardiovascular disease, suggesting that clopidogrel plus aspirin should not be used for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. Additional data in patients undergoing PCI suggest that a loading dose of clopidogrel 600mg is required to ensure adequate antiplatelet activity if the drug is administered 2-6 hours before the procedure; a standard loading dose of 300mg is recommended when pretreatment can be administered at least 6 hours before PCI. Also, in patients receiving drug-eluting intracoronary stents, treatment with clopidogrel beyond the recommended 3- or 6-month period (for sirolimus- and paclitaxel-coated stents, respectively) appears to be warranted to reduce adverse long-term clinical outcomes, although the optimal duration of treatment is not established. Results of a two-part phase III trial in Japanese patients with cerebral infarction (excluding cardiogenic cerebral embolism) verified the noninferiority of the efficacy of clopidogrel to that of ticlopidine in terms of preventing the primary composite endpoint of vascular events (cerebral infarction, MI and other vascular death). These results contributed to the approval of clopidogrel in Japan for use in patients with ischaemic stroke. Tolerability: In general, the overall tolerability profile of clopidogrel, including bleeding complications, is similar to that of aspirin. In the CAPRIE trial, which directly compared clopidogrel and aspirin, significantly more patients receiving long-term clopidogrel therapy experienced rash or diarrhoea, whereas significantly more patients treated with aspirin reported gastrointestinal symptoms (indigestion, nausea or vomiting), experienced gastrointestinal haemorrhage or had abnormal liver function tests. In addition, clopidogrel was associated with a significantly higher rate of discontinuation because of diarrhoea, whereas aspirin was associated with a significantly higher rate of discontinuation because of indigestion, nausea or vomiting. Although the risk of bleeding is generally increased when clopidogrel and aspirin are used concurrently, the benefits of dual antiplatelet therapy outweigh the risks in the management of acute coronary syndromes. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Dyspnoea after antiplatelet agents: The AZD6140 controversy$$$ Recent randomised studies suggest that experimental oral reversible platelet P2Y12 receptor inhibitor, AZD6140, causes dyspnoea. This also raises similar concerns about the parent compound, and another adenosine triphosphate (ATP) analogue (AR-69931MX or cangrelor), which is currently in Phase 3 trial in patients undergoing coronary interventions. We analysed package inserts, and available clinical trials safety data for antiplatelet agents with regard to the incidence of dyspnoea. We found that dyspnoea is a very rare complication of the presently approved platelet inhibitors, mostly caused by underlying disease, rather than antiplatelet therapy per se. The main reasons for respiratory distress after oral (AZD6140), and intravenous (cangrelor) agents may be the development of mild asymptomatic thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, fluid retention and dyspnoea because of the reversible nature of these drugs. Also, these agents are ATP analogues, which rapidly metabolise to adenosine, a well-known bronchoprovocator causing dyspnoea as well. In summary, dyspnoea is seldom considered, there are no treatment algorithms when it does occur, plausible mechanisms exist and despite these plausible mechanisms, the true cause of dyspnoea in these exposed individuals is unknown. Additional pulmonary function testing, immunological investigations and platelet receptor studies are urgently needed to determine the cause of dyspnoea after AZD6140, and to point out how such serious adverse reactions can be prevented, or at least minimised, raising potential concerns about this drug. © 2007 The Authors Journal compilation 2007 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Triggered C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations and the CRP gene -717A>G polymorphism in acute stroke or transient ischemic attack$$$ C-reactive protein (CRP) increases following an acute stroke/transient ischemic attack (TIA), but the increment level varies among patients. We analyzed CRP concentrations during an acute stroke/TIA in relation to the CRP gene -717A>G polymorphism. Six months following an acute ischemic stroke/TIA, basal concentrations of CRP were measured in 507 controls and 219 patients and were found to be unassociated with the CRP -717A>G polymorphism. However, during the acute phase of stroke/TIA, individuals with the AG/GG genotype had significantly elevated CRP concentrations as opposed to those with the AA genotype (2.02 ± 1.59 vs. 1.73 ± 1.69 mg/l, P = 0.027). In addition, significant 3.22-fold increments in CRP concentrations was noted in individuals carrying the -717G allele when comparing the acute phase with the basal state of each patient and averaging the results. CRP -717A>G polymorphism is associated with triggered CRP concentrations during acute stroke/TIA. These findings might shed more light on the mechanisms of CRP elevation in acute ischemic stroke/TIA. © 2007 EFNS. ER  - 
Therapeutic inhibitors of platelet aggregation - From aspirin to integrin blockers$$$ A variety of orally and intravenously administered agents have been made available for anti-platelet therapy. Clinical trials in patients with acute manifestations of cardiovascular disease have shown that the combined administration of substances which inhibit different steps of platelet adhesion and aggregation reduce cardiovascular adverse events. However, the risk of bleeding may increase depending on the patient's comorbidity, age and the agents that are used for concomitant anticoagulation. Therefore, ongoing efforts are made to develop highly effective inhibitors of platelet function with an excellent controllability and the lowest acceptable risk of bleeding events. The current pharmacological strategies for the inhibition of platelet function are i) the inhibition of the cyclooxygenase, ii) inhibition of the phosphodiesterase, iii) blockade of the platelet P2Y12 ADP receptor, and iv) blockade of the platelet glycoprotein IIb/IIIa. In the following review, the mechanisms of action and the clinical use of approved anti-platelet agents will be described. Furthermore, substances for the future that are under development are discussed. © 2007 S. Karger GmbH. ER  - 
Aspirin and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug hypersensitivity$$$ Acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) or aspirin and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) sensitivities encompass a diverse group of both pharmacological and hypersensitivity reactions. Conventionally, hypersensitivities include aspirin-exacerbated respiratory disease (AERD), ASA-induced urticaria, and anaphylaxis. With an increasing prevalence of coronary artery disease in an aging population, aspirin continues to play a significant role in cardiac prophylaxis in a large patient population. Invariably, the clinician will encounter patients with clear indications for aspirin therapy but a history of aspirin sensitivity. Although protocols have been established for aspirin challenge and desensitization, it is not always an efficacious or safe procedure. This article reviews the different classifications of ASA/NSAIDs hypersensitivities to better guide the clinician in dealing with this patient population. History of crossrelativities between multiple NSAIDs implies a non-IgE-mediated process. Similarly, a history of monosensitivity to one NSAID implies an IgE-mediated process, although specific antibodies are often elusive. Despite the name, AERD can potentially be exacerbated by all cyclooxygenase (COX) inhibitors based on dose-dependent inhibition of COX-1. Aspirin desensitization can be achieved to improve both upper and lower respiratory symptoms for most patient with AERD. Aspirin desensitization can usually be achieved for those in need of the antiplatelet effects of aspirin, with the exception of those with aspirin-induced urticaria and baseline chronic urticaria. However, desensitization should only be attempted in those with stable coronary artery disease because the process of desensitization carries the inherent risk of anaphylaxis/anaphylactoid reaction, which may further increase cardiac demand and bring about ischemic injury. Therefore, desensitization is reserved until coronary artery disease is stabilized. © Copyright 2007 by Humana Press Inc. All rights of any nature whatsoever reserved. ER  - 
Cardiovascular pharmacogenomics$$$ There is substantial interpatient variability in response to many medications used to treat cardiovascular disease. This variability has led many to believe that genetic variation may be affecting response to cardiovascular drugs. The effect of genetics on response to β-blockers, angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs), diuretics, statins, ezetimibe, warfarin, aspirin, and clopidogrel has been well studied. This article will review, by drug class, some of the more promising lines of research in cardiovascular pharmacogenomics, some of which have already left the bench and moved to the bedside. Perhaps the best example of pharmacogenomics transitioning from the bench to the bedside is CYP2C9 and VKORC1 genotyping with warfarin. The focus in cardiovascular pharmacogenomics is switching from smaller gene association studies to genetic analyses from large, controlled clinical trials. However, before clinical pharmacogenomic testing can be used in cardiovascular medicine, prospective pharmacogenomic data will be necessary. © 2007 Sage Publications. ER  - 
Variable response to antiplatelet therapy: What does it mean to clinicians?$$$ Ex vivo tests of platelet function show that platelet function and the response to antiplatelet therapy vary markedly from person to person. But just how clinically significant are ex vivo measurements of platelet function, and will changes we make based on such information translate into improved outcomes for patients? The authors summarize what is known and not known about the impact and clinical significance of variable response to antiplatelet therapy. ER  - 
Antiplatelet drug resistance and drug-drug interactions: Role of cytochrome P450 3A4$$$ Antiplatelet therapy provided pivotal advances in the treatment of cardiovascular disease. Aspirin and thienopyridine, clopidogrel, is currently the treatment of choice in acute coronary syndromes and the prevention of thrombosis after coronary stent implantation. Despite the efficacy of this dual antiplatelet therapy in reduction of adverse coronary events in patients with acute coronary syndromes, complications persist in a subgroup of these patients. Emerging causes of aspirin and clopidogrel resistance may translate to increase risk for recurrent myocardial infarction, stroke, or cardiac related mortality. However, the mechanism of antiplatelet drug resistance remains incompletely characterized, and a sensitive and specific assay of aspirin and clopidogrel effect that reliably predicts treatment failure has not emerged. To date, evidence supporting antiplatelet drug resistance are pharmacokinetic response variability, drug-drug interaction through competitive inhibition a specific enzymatic pathway, genetic variability, and variability in the induction of enzymatic pathway in metabolic activation of prodrugs, like clopidogrel. Further investigation or guidelines are needed to optimize antiplatelet treatment strategies to identify and treat patients resistant to aspirin and/or clopidogrel. © 2006 Springer Science + Business Media, Inc. ER  - 
The relationship of platelet reactivity to the occurrence of post-stenting ischemic events: Emergence of a new cardiovascular risk factor$$$ The reactivity of platelets to agonists plays a central role in the genesis of thrombosis following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) and spontaneous plaque rupture. Antiplatelet therapy has reduced the occurrence of thrombotic events following PCI, including myocardial infarction and stent thrombosis. Because the platelet is a fundamental component in the generation of an arterial thrombus and the stimulus for thrombosis is marked in PCI, it is logical to predict that patients with superior platelet inhibition would have the best outcomes with respect to ischemic events post PCI. However, until recently there was little information linking measurements o f high ex vivo platelet reactivity to the occurrence of ischemic events. An emerging body of data, mostly from small studies, supports the pivotal link between periprocedural platelet physiology and increased risk of adverse thrombotic events. This review explores the available information linking platelet reactivity during and after PCI to the occurrence of adverse events, including myocardial infarction, recurrent ischemia within 6 months, and stent thrombosis. © 2006 MedReviews, LLC. ER  - 
Pharmacology of thienopyridines: Rationale for dual pathway inhibition$$$ Atherothrombotic disease is the result of atherosclerosis progression, and its clinical manifestations, mostly secondary to atherosclerotic plaque disruption and subsequent thrombus formation. At the site of vascular lesions, platelets adhere to the exposed matrix proteins, prompting platelet activation, resulting in the secretion of multiple platelet agonists, mostly modulated by intracellular calcium release. Among them, ADP, thromboxane A2, thrombin, and others play a critical role in maintaining a 'pro-platelet- activating' environment. Aspirin has been considered the gold standard of antithrombotic therapy. Its antiplatelet activity is achieved mainly by inhibiting arachidonic acid pathway (blocking thromboxane A2 release from platelets). ADP binds to platelet P2Y12 receptor, although this receptor is important in platelet aggregation induced by other agonists. Thienopyridines (ticlopidine and clopidogrel) exert their antiplatelet activity by binding to the P2Y12 receptor, irreversibly modifying it. Oral clopidogrel loading dose of 300-600mg clopidogrel produces significant inhibition of ADP-induced platelet aggregation 2 hours after administration, which becomes maximal after 6 hours. Both aspirin and clopidogrel are 'selective platelet-receptor' inhibitors, and therefore are weak and safe antiplatelet agents. The co-administration aspirin-clopidogrel results in enhancement of platelet inhibition, since the act via different platelet receptors. Current research is focused in reversible or more potent ADP antagonists. © The European Society of Cardiology 2006. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Resistance to antiplatelet drugs$$$ Antiplatelet drugs are beneficial in the treatment of coronary artery disease, ischemic stroke, and peripheral arterial disease. Platelet function tests have been studied in these cardiovascular diseases as a means to predict clinical outcomes and monitor antiplatelet drugs. There is a well-documented variability between patients (and normal volunteers) with regard to laboratory test responses to antiplatelet drugs. Evidence from small clinical studies suggest that decreased response, or 'resistance', to antiplatelet drugs is associated with subsequent major adverse clinical events. However, it remains unknown whether altering therapy based on platelet function tests is beneficial to patients. © The European Society of Cardiology 2006. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Therapeutic goals for effective platelet inhibition: A consensus document$$$ Clopidogrel combined with aspirin is the mainstay of antiplatelet therapy for patients who present with acute coronary syndromes as well as following either bare metal or drug-eluting stent placement. Limitations of clopidogrel therapy include the relatively long time course required to achieve maximal inhibition of platelet aggregation, individual variability in response to its effect, the risk of bleeding during its administration, and the irreversible nature of P2Y12 receptor binding, which leads to a prolonged time course for recovery of platelet function following discontinuation of clopidogrel. Several investigational P2Y12 receptor antagonists have pharmacological properties that may overcome some or all of these limitations. These novel agents such as prasugrel, AZD6140, and cangrelor are in advanced stages of clinical development for potential use in patients with coronary artery disease. © 2006 MedReviews, LLC. ER  - 
Current uses of clopidogrel in coronary artery disease$$$ Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet agent that has established itself as a fundamental agent in the treatment of coronary artery disease for the prevention of thrombotic complications. The utility of clopidogrel has been evaluated in several clinical scenarios over the last decade. The benefits of dual antiplatelet therapy (clopidogrel plus aspirin) in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions and in patients presenting with acute coronary syndromes are now well established. Long-term therapy up to 12 months may give additional cardiovascular protection in high-risk patients and following drug-eluting stent implantation. However, the optimal duration of clopidogrel therapy remains controversial. Recent studies suggest a new role for clopidogrel as adjunctive treatment in ST-elevation myocardial infarction following thrombolysis. © 2006 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
A pharmacoepidemiology study of the interaction between atorvastatin and clopidogrel after percutaneous coronary intervention$$$ Background: After percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), the antiplatelet drug clopidogrel is frequently used to prevent stent thrombosis. A concern has been raised that atorvastatin may competitively inhibit the metabolism of the prodrug clopidogrel to its active metabolites by the cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) enzyme, thereby potentially negating its antiplatelet effect. The 30-day rates of adverse cardiovascular events (composite of death, myocardial infarction, 11 unstable angina, stroke or transient ischemic attack, and repeat revascularization procedures) in unselected 12 patients prescribed clopidogrel after PCI as a function of their exposure to CYP3A4 inhibitors has not been fully resolved. Methods: Using the administrative databases from the Province of Québec, we identified all patients in 1999 and 2000 who received an outpatient prescription for clopidogrel within 5 days of PCI with stenting. Using multiple logistic regression, we compared the odds ratios (OR) of the composite cardiovascular outcome within 30 days of the index PCI between patients prescribed drugs inhibiting CYP3A4 activity and those who were not. Event rates were adjusted for demographic variables, disease severity, associated comorbidities, and other medications. Results: The 2927 patients who were prescribed clopidogrel after PCI were included in our cohort. Of these, 727 were prescribed atorvastatin and 2200 were not. There were 33 (4.54%) adverse events in the group prescribed atorvastatin and 68 (3.09%) in the group not prescribed atorvastatin. The adjusted 30-day OR of the composite outcome was 1.65 (95% CI 1.07-2.54) in patients prescribed atorvastatin with clopidogrel compared to those not prescribed atorvastatin. Other drugs that are substrates for CYP3A4 (OR 1.56, 95% CI 1.02-2.37) and a delay in filling the clopidogrel prescription (OR 1.77, 95% CI 1.16-2.70) were also associated with a higher risk. Sex, previous hospitalizations for unstable angina or myocardial infarction, aspirin use, or a history of revascularization (PCI or coronary artery bypass graft) in the 6 months before the index procedure was not statistically associated with adverse outcomes. Conclusions: After coronary stenting, a delay in filling the prescription for clopidogrel as well as prescriptions for drugs inhibiting CYP3A4 enzyme activity was associated with adverse cardiovascular events. However, because of the limitations of observational study designs, the clinical significance of these putative drug interactions remains uncertain but merits further investigation. © 2006 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Drug Insight: Clopidogrel nonresponsiveness$$$ Platelet reactivity to agonists and subsequent activation are important factors that affect the development of atherothrombosis and resultant ischemic events. Pharmacologic intervention with clopidogrel and aspirin during acute coronary syndromes and percutaneous coronary intervention is considered the gold standard for attenuating platelet activation and aggregation. Despite significant benefits reported with dual antiplatelet treatment in major clinical trials, the occurrence of adverse ischemic events, including stent thrombosis, remains a serious clinical problem. Nonresponsiveness, also called resistance, to current clopidogrel regimens might play a part in the occurrence of ischemic events. Various mechanisms have been implicated in nonresponsiveness to clopidogrel, including variability in intestinal absorption and hepatic conversion to the active metabolite, drug-drug interactions and receptor polymorphisms. Increased loading and maintenance doses and the use of new and more-potent P2Y12-receptor blockers might overcome the phenomenon of clopidogrel nonresponsiveness. The aim of this article is to provide a comprehensive and current review of clopidogrel response variability and nonresponsiveness. © 2006 Nature Publishing Group. ER  - 
Increased risk of atherothrombotic events associated with cytochrome P450 3A5 polymorphism in patients taking clopidogrel$$$ Background: Clopidogrel is a prodrug requiring metabolism by cytochrome P450 3A (CYP3A) isoenzymes, including CYP3A5, in order to be active. It is controversial whether clopidogrel interacts with CYP3A inhibitors. We investigated the influence of CYP3A5 polymorphism on the drug interaction of clopidogrel. Methods: In phase 1 of the study, we administered clopidogrel to 16 healthy volunteers who had the CYP3A5 non-expressor genotype (*3 allele) and 16 who had the CYP3A5 expressor genotype (*1 allele) with and without pretreatment with itraconazole, a potent CYP3A inhibitor. A platelet aggregation test was performed at baseline, 4 hours, 24 hours and 6 days after clopidogrel administration. In phase 2, we compared clinical outcomes of 348 patients treated with clopidogrel after successful coronary angioplasty with bare-metal stent implantation according to their CYP3A5 genotype; the primary end point was a composite of atherothrombotic events (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction and non-hemorrhagic stroke) within 1 and 6 months after stent implantation. Results: In phase 1, the change in platelet aggregation after clopidogrel administration and pretreatment with itraconazole was greater among the subjects with the CYP3A5 expressor genotype than among those with the non-expressor genotype: 24.9% (standard deviation [SD] 13.9%) v. 6.2% (SD 13.5%) at 4 hours (p < 0.001); 27.7% (SD 16.5%) v. 2.5% (SD 8.3%) at 24 hours (p < 0.001); and 33.5% (SD 18.6%) v. 17.8% (SD 13.8%) at day 7 (p < 0.01). In phase 2, atherothrombotic events occurred more frequently within 6 months after stent implantation among the patients with the non-expressor genotype than among those with the expressor genotype (14/193 v. 3/155; p = 0.023). Multivariable analysis showed that the CYP3A5 polymorphism was a predictor of atherothrombotic events in clopidogrel users. Interpretation: People with the CYP3A5 non-expressor genotype are vulnerable to drug interactions between clopidogrel and CYP3A inhibitors. This phenomenon may be associated with worse outcomes in patients with the non-expressor genotype who are given clopidogrel after coronary angioplasty and implantation of bare-metal stents. ER  - 
ADP receptors: Inhibitory strategies for antiplatelet therapy$$$ The interaction of adenosine-5′-diphosphate (ADP) with its platelet receptors (P2Y1 and P2Y12) plays a very important role in thrombogenesis. The thienopyridine ticlopidine was the first specific antagonist of the platelet P2Y12 ADP receptor to be tested in randomized clinical trials for the prevention of arterial thrombotic events. Although ticlopidine reduces the incidence of vascular events in patients at risk, it also unfortunately has some significant drawbacks: a relatively high incidence of toxic effects, which may be fatal in some cases; delayed onset of action; and a high interindividual variability in response. A second thienopyridine, clopidogrel, has superseded ticlopidine, because it is also an efficacious antithrombotic drug and is less toxic than ticlopidine. However, clopidogrel is not completely free from faults: severe toxic effects, albeit occurring much less frequently than with ticlopidine, may still complicate its administration to patients; the onset of pharmacologic action can be accelerated by the use of large loading doses, but may still not be optimal; the high interpatient variability in response remains an important issue. These concerns justify the continued search for agents that can further improve the clinical outcome of patients with atherosclerosis through greater efficacy and/or safety. A new thienopyridyl compound, prasugrel, which is characterized by higher potency and faster onset of action compared with clopidogrel, is currently under clinical evaluation. Two direct and reversible P2Y12 antagonists, cangrelor and AZD6140, feature very rapid onset and reversal of platelet inhibition, which make them attractive alternatives to thienopyridines, especially when rapid inhibition of platelet aggregation or its quick reversal are required. Along with new the P2Y12 antagonists, inhibitors of the other platelet receptor for ADP, the antagonists P2Y1, are under development and may prove to be effective antithrombotic agents. © 2006 Prous Science. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Laboratory testing for salicylate resistance$$$ Aspirin is an antithrombotic drug that has analgesic, antipyretic, anti-inflammatory, and antithrombotic effects. Salicylates act by irreversibly inhibiting platelet cyclooxygenase (COX-1). As a consequence, platelets lose their ability to synthesize thromboxane A2, which is necessary for effective platelet aggregation. Because platelets play a key role in thrombosis, aspirin is widely used in cardiac disease prophylaxis. Clinical trials have shown that thromboembolic vascular events are reduced by approximately 25% with daily aspirin use. The American Heart Association recommends aspirin use for all patients who have cardiovascular disease. Because of gastric bleeding, low doses of aspirin (i.e., 81 mg) are recommended. There is a subset of all individuals, estimated to be between 5.5% and 60%, who are resistant to the antiplatelet effects of aspirin. The underlying pathophysiology of aspirin has not been identified. Among polymorphisms that have been studied include genes for glycoprotein IIb/IIIa, collagen, and von Willebrand factor receptors. There may also be metabolic and cellular factors that reduce local aspirin drug concentrations resulting in resistance. Compared to patients who are aspirin sensitive, resistant patients have an increased rate of adverse cardiovascular events such as acute myocardial infarction (AMI) and stroke. Resistant patients who are treated prophylactically with low-dose aspirin are inadequately protected against platelet-induced thrombotic events. The use of higher aspirin dosage or the use of more potent antiplatelet drugs such as dopidogrel, are necessary to effectively inhibit platelet function. Patients who are also resistant to clopidogrel may require more aggressive measures of therapeutic or surgical cardioprotection. Salicylate and clopidogrel resistance can be determined by aggregometry or through urinary measurement of 11-dehydrothromboxane B2 (thromboxane A2 metabolite). ©2007 Clinical Ligand Assay Society. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clopidogrel resistance: Implications for coronary stenting$$$ Clopidogrel, in combination wih aspirin, is currently the drug of choice to prevent thrombosis after coronary stent implantation. Currently, clopidogrel is administered to the vast majority of patients without any assessment of platelet inhibition. Response variability and resistance, however, definitely occur to clopidogrel treatment. Preliminary data support the hypothesis that patients with reactive or clopidogrel nonresponsive platelets are at risk for thrombotic events. However, the magnitude of the clinical effect remains unknown and relationship between nonresponsiveness and risk of clinical events is under-investigated. Several important questions that must be answered are: A) What is the relation of clopidogrel resistance and high platelet reactivity to the occurrence of stent thrombosis, recurrent myocardial infarction, stroke and death?; B) Is there a threshold of platelet reactivity that correlates with the onset of thrombotic risk?; and C) What is the cost of administering clopidogrel to non-responsive patients? Finally, our understanding of the clinical relevance of drug resistance and high platelet reactivity should be facilitated by the use of validated point-of-service devices. The mechanisms of the response variability to clopidogrel remain incompletely defined. The contribution of intra- and extracellular pathways are under investigation. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Pathophysiology and therapeutic potential of purinergic signaling$$$ The concept of a purinergic signaling system, using purine nucleotides and nucleosides as extracellular messengers, was first proposed over 30 years ago. After a brief introduction and update of purinoceptor subtypes, this article focuses on the diverse pathophysiological roles of purines and pyrimidines as signaling molecules. These molecules mediate short-term (acute) signaling functions in neurotransmission, mechanosensory transduction, secretion and vasodilatation, and long-term (chronic) signaling functions in cell proliferation, differentiation, and death involved in development and regeneration. Plasticity of purinoceptor expression in pathological conditions is frequently observed, including an increase in the purinergic component of autonomic cotransmission. Recent advances in therapies using purinergic-related drugs in a wide range of pathological conditions will be addressed with speculation on future developments in the field. Copyright © 2006 by The American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics. ER  - 
Aspirin and clopidogrel resistance: An emerging clinical entity$$$ Antiplatelet therapy is a cornerstone of cardiovascular medicine. Aspirin and clopidogrel have emerged as critical therapies in the treatment of cardiovascular disease. Despite their efficacy, patients on these medications continue to suffer complications. Millions of patients are currently on low-dose antiplatelet therapy but it is unknown how many of these patients are under-treated or on the wrong medication. Aspirin and clopidogrel resistance are emerging clinical entities with potentially severe consequences such as recurrent myocardial infarction, stroke, or death. The mechanism of resistance remains incompletely defined, but there are specific clinical, cellular, and genetic factors that influence therapeutic failure. These factors range from physicians who fail to prescribe these medications despite appropriate indications to polymorphisms of platelet membrane glycoproteins. Rapid and accurate diagnosis of anti-platelet resistance also remains an issue as new bedside tests are developed. By understanding the mechanism of therapeutic failure and by improving the diagnosis of this clinical entity, a new era of individualized antiplatelet therapy may arise with routine measurements of platelet activity in the same way that cholesterol, blood pressure, and blood sugar are followed, thus improving the care for millions of people. © The European Society of Cardiology 2005. All rights reserved. ER  - 
PHARMAC and lack of funding for clopidogrel$$$ Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet drug that has been shown in several trials to reduce clinical events such as cardiovascular death, stroke, and myocardial infarction when compared to aspirin in a broad range of patients with atherosclerotic vascular disease. Clopidogrel has also been shown to reduce the same events by 20% when added to aspirin in patients with unstable angina and also in patients undergoing coronary artery stenting. Despite this information being available for 5 to 10 years, guideline recommendations, and the knowledge that 5% of patients have major allergy to aspirin, New Zealand patients have only been able to receive funded clopidogrel for a short period, typically 3 weeks, after coronary artery stenting. We believe this is an example where New Zealanders have been denied treatments, despite a strong evidence-base, by PHARMAC's actions of delaying the funding of new drugs. We need to have a better process whereby New Zealanders can rapidly access new treatments. © NZMA. ER  - 
Biological basis for the cardiovascular consequences of COX-2 inhibition: Therapeutic challenges and opportunities$$$ Inhibitors selective for prostaglandin G/H synthase-2 (PGHS-2) (known colloquially as COX-2) were designed to minimize gastrointestinal complications of traditional NSAIDs - adverse effects attributed to suppression of COX-1-derived PGE2 and prostacyclin (PGI2). Evidence from 2 randomized controlled-outcome trials (RCTs) of 2 structurally distinct selective inhibitors of COX-2 supports this hypothesis. However, 5 RCTs of 3 structurally distinct inhibitors also indicate that such compounds elevate the risk of myocardial infarction and stroke. The clinical information is biologically plausible, as it is compatible with evidence that inhibition of COX-2-derived PGI2 removes a protective constraint on thrombogenesis, hypertension, and atherogenesis in vivo. However, the concept of simply tipping a "balance" between COX-2-derived PGI2 and COX-1-derived platelet thromboxane is misplaced. Among the questions that remain to be addressed are the following: (a) whether this hazard extends to all or some of the traditional NSAIDs; (b) whether adjuvant therapies, such as low-dose aspirin, will mitigate the hazard and if so, at what cost; (c) whether COX-2 inhibitors result in cardiovascular risk transformation during chronic dosing; and (d) how we might identify individuals most likely to benefit or suffer from such drugs in the future. ER  - 
Influence of common herbal medicines and neutraceuticals on ocular surgery$$$ The use of herbal medicines and neutraceuticals is on the rise. This brief review provides a primer of the common herbal medicines that influence patient management in the perioperative period of ocular surgery. It is not intended to be a comprehensive review of this topic, but rather, aims to aid practicing ophthalmologists and anesthesiologists to better understand the influence of these agents on patient care. ER  - 
Aspirin resistance: Definitions, mechanisms, prevalence, and clinical significance$$$ Aspirin is the most commonly used therapeutic agent in prevention of vascular ischemic events. Aspirin exerts its antithrombotic effect primarily by interfering with the biosynthesis of thromboxane A2 (TXA2) and inhibition of TXA2 -dependent platelet aggregation. A meta-analysis of secondary prevention trials indicated that aspirin reduced major cardiovascular or cerebral events by 25%. This led to the widespread use of aspirin for prevention of cardiovascular events. However, it appears that aspirin antiplatelet effect is not uniform in all patients and previous studies estimated that 8-45% of the population were aspirin resistant. Furthermore, (i) the optimal dosage of aspirin for complete inhibition of platelet aggregation by physiological agonists (i.e arachidonic acid) is subject to great interindividual variability, (ii) the tests to detect aspirin resistance in vitro are subject to debate and (iii) the mechanisms by which some patients are resistant to aspirin in vitro remain to be determined. Despite these unresolved questions, recent clinical studies provide the reliable evidence that aspirin resistance correlates with confirmed clinical unresponsiveness, highlighting the clinical interest of determining the aspirin inhibitory effects on patients' platelets. In conclusion, discovery of aspirin resistance in individuals might be important in order to devise better anti-platelet strategies and improve our ability to prevent acute thrombotic complication. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Depression: A role for omega-3 fish oils and B vitamins?$$$ Omega-3 fatty acids, folate and vitamin B12 are essential nutrients that show promise in mitigating the rising tide of depression. Sixteen percent of the adult US population experience major depression but only one in five is adequately treated. Depression is the leading cause of death and disability in people aged 18-44 years in the US, and affects the lives of the elderly more than physical illness. While patients can be easily screened for depression, currently more than one-third of patients treated with antidepressants do not improve. Converging lines of evidence for a role for omega-3 fatty acids in treating or preventing depression are epidemiological and biochemical, perhaps due to their significant anti-inflammatory role in the arachidonic acid cytokine cascades. High-quality fish oil supplements do not pose the same risk of heavy metal exposure as eating mercury-concentrating fish such as tuna, shark, swordfish, tilefish and king mackerel. The growing awareness of morbidity and mortality associated with properly prescribed pharmaceuticals, the importance of genomic polymorphisms, a renewed appreciation for nutrition in healthy functioning and the burgeoning supplement industry suggest the time is ripe for large clinical trials to build on preliminary studies into the effect of omega-3 fatty acids on depression. Four recent small clinical trials showed improved depression scores when omega-3 fatty acids were added to conventional pharmaceutical treatment. Folate and vitamin B 12 are crucial for methylation in the biosynthetic pathways of brain myelin and biogenic amines. Borderline or low red blood cell folate is present in one-third of depressed patients, and three well designed trials showed that depressed patients had better responses to conventional antidepressants when they were supplemented with folate. Patients with the single nucleotide polymorphism methylene tetahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) C677T are at greater risk for depression and are likely to benefit from supplemental folate. The potential unmasking of pernicious anaemia, in the setting of vitamin B 12 deficiency or insufficiency, can be mitigated by supplementing with oral vitamin B12. There has been a meteoric rise in the use of nutritional supplements in the US, including omega-3 fatty acids and B vitamins; however, level 1a evidence (systemic reviews free of worrisome heterogeneities) is lacking. The time is ripe for large, definitive randomised controlled trials of these promising interventions both as mono- and add-on therapy. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Platelet reactivity in patients and recurrent events post-stenting: Results of the PREPARE POST-STENTING study$$$ OBJECTIVES: We investigated the relation of high ex vivo platelet reactivity, rapid fibrin generation, and high thrombin-induced clot strength to postdischarge ischemic events in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). BACKGROUND: High platelet reactivity and rapid fibrin generation may affect the incidence of ischemic events after PCI. However, limited data is available to link these ex vivo markers to the occurrence of events. METHODS: We measured platelet reactivity to adenosine diphosphate (ADP) by light transmittance aggregometry (LTA) in patients undergoing PCI (n = 192). Clot strength, a measure of thrombin-induced fibrin and platelet interactions, and the time to initial fibrin generation, a marker of thrombin activity, were measured by thrombelastography. The relation of these measurements to ischemic event occurrence was prospectively examined over six months. RESULTS: A total of 100% and 84% of patients were on aspirin and clopidogrel therapy, respectively, at the time of the initial event. Posttreatment ADP-induced aggregation by LTA (63 ± 12% vs. 56 ± 15%, p = 0.02) and clot strength (MA) were higher (74 ± 5 mm vs. 65 ± 4 mm, p < 0.001) and time to initial fibrin generation was shorter (4.3 ± 1.3 min vs. 5.9 ± 1.5 min, p < 0.001) in patients with events (n = 38). The event rates in the highest quartiles of LTA and MA were 32% and 58%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: High platelet reactivity and clot strength, and rapid fibrin formation are novel risk factors for ischemic events after PCI. Clot strength is more predictive than ADP-induced platelet aggregation and may explain the occurrence of events despite treatment with cyclooxygenase-1 and P2Y12 inhibitors. © 2005 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation. ER  - 
Is the P2Y1 receptor a better target for antithrombotic drugs?$$$ Platelets are key players in arterial thrombotic events such as ischemic stroke or myocardial infarction. ADP secreted from the platelet-dense granules plays a very vital role in amplifying the primary platelet activation, by interacting with its P2Y1 and P2Y12 receptors. Stimulation of the P2Y receptors leads to the activation of distinct intracellular signaling pathways that result in platelet activation. In this review we discuss the role of P2Y1 and P2Y12 receptors in the process of thrombus formation and provide an informative debate to understand which ADP receptor is a more suitable target for the development of antithrombotic agents. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The platelet P2 receptors as molecular targets for old and new antiplatelet drugs$$$ Platelet activation by ADP and ATP plays a crucial role in haemostasis and thrombosis, and their so-called P2 receptors are potential targets for antithrombotic drugs. The ATP-gated channel P2X1 and the 2 G protein-coupled P2Y1 and P2Y12 ADP receptors selectively contribute to platelet aggregation. The P2Y1 receptor is responsible for ADP-induced shape change and weak and transient aggregation, while the P2Y12 receptor is responsible for the completion and amplification of the response to ADP and to all platelet agonists, including thromboxane A 2 (TXA2), thrombin, and collagen. The P2X1 receptor is involved in platelet shape change and in activation by collagen under shear conditions. Due to its central role in the formation and stabilization of a thrombus, the P2Y12 receptor is a well-established target of antithrombotic drugs like ticlopidine or clopidogrel, which have proved efficacy in many clinical trials and experimental models of thrombosis. Competitive P2Y12 antagonists have also been shown to be effective in experimental thrombosis as well as in several clinical trials. Studies in P2Y1 and P2X1 knockout mice and experimental thrombosis models using selective P2Y1 and P2X1 antagonists have shown that, depending on the conditions, these receptors could also be potential targets for new antithrombotic drugs. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Role of clotting factors and fibrin structure in predisposition to atherothrombotic disease$$$ Atherothrombotic disease is a multifactorial disorder that develops secondary to a complex gene-environment interaction. The formation of an obstructive thrombus represents the final stage of the atherothrombotic process, and understanding the mechanisms involved in clot formation is essential in order to develop new preventive and therapeutic strategies aimed at decreasing mortality and morbidity from the disease. Studies have demonstrated an important correlation between final clot structure and predisposition to atherothrombotic disease. Both genetic and environmental factors contribute to the final ultrastructure of the clot, which, in turn, influences an individual's risk of the disease. This paper reviews the factors involved in determining clot structure. The role of commonly used therapeutic agents in modulating clot structure will also be discussed. © 2005 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Pharmacogenetics in cardiovascular antithrombotic therapy$$$ Thrombosis is the most important underlying mechanism of coronary heart disease and embolic stroke. Therefore, antithrombotic therapy is commonly used in cardiovascular diseases. Unfortunately, the benefits are limited, and an important proportion of treated patients will suffer a new thrombotic event. Lack of clinical benefits may be related to heterogeneous response to antithrombotic treatment among individuals (inter-individual heterogeneity). Few factors have been identified to be involved in this inter-individual heterogeneity. Recently, pharmacogenetic has emerged as a new field in medicine that tries to identify gene variants able to explain the heterogeneity in patient's response to a drug. Polymorphisms affecting disposition, metabolism, transporters or targets of the drug could modify the individual response to one therapy, and probably its side effects. The present review article explores the genetic influence on antithrombotic drug efficacy, analysing the modulating role of different polymorphisms on individuals' response to drugs commonly used in current day practice. © 2005 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Resistance to antiplatelet drugs: Current status and future research$$$ Platelet reactivity and activation are important factors during the development of atherothrombotic processes and subsequent ischaemic complications. Pharmacological agents that suppress platelet function are proved to be the most efficient in the prevention and treatment of thrombotic complications. As the activation of platelets during thrombus generation involves many complex and redundant pathways, simultaneous use of different antiplatelet drugs that are directed against different targets have been effective in reducing adverse clinical events. The main antiplatelet drugs are aspirin (which inhibits thromboxane synthesis), thienopyridines (which block P2Y12 receptors) and glycoprotein IIb/IIIa antagonists (which block glycoprotein IIb/IIIa receptors). In recent years, resistance or nonresponsiveness to antiplatelet therapy has been reported and, more importantly, are linked to the occurrence of adverse cardiovascular events. New treatment strategies to overcome nonresponsiveness are being sought. A focus on the development of simple, reproducible and user friendly point-of-care methods to determine aspirin/clopidogrel responsiveness should be undertaken to assist clinicians in tailoring antiplatelet therapy to the individual patient. © 2005 Ashley Publications Ltd. ER  - 
Aspirin resistance and atherothrombotic disease$$$ Acute coronary syndromes and other manifestations of atherothrombotic disease are primarily caused by atherosclerotic plaque rupture or fissuring and subsequent occlusive or subocclusive thrombus formation. Platelets play a critical role in the pathophysiology of atherothrombotic disease, and aspirin is the most commonly used antiplatelet agent. Clinical trials have demonstrated the efficacy of aspirin in both primary and secondary prevention of myocardial infarction, stroke, and cardiovascular death. Despite its proven benefit, the absolute risk of recurrent vascular events among patients taking aspirin remains relatively high, an estimated 8% to 18% after two years. Therapeutic resistance to aspirin might explain a portion of this risk. Although formal diagnostic criteria and a validated method of measurement are lacking, aspirin resistance may affect between 5% and 45% of the population. Given the prevalence of cardiovascular disease, the potential impact of aspirin resistance is large. Currently, however, there are many unanswered questions regarding the biological mechanism, diagnosis, population prevalence, clinical relevance, and optimal therapeutic intervention for aspirin resistance. © 2005 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation. ER  - 
Targeting shear stress-induced platelet activation: Is lesion-specific antiplatelet therapy a realistic clinical goal?$$$ Platelets are mediators of physiologic hemostasis and pathologic thrombosis. They operate within distinctive vascular and rheologic microenvironments, and their participation in hemostasis or thrombosis is directed by distinct variables operating within the microenvironment. Thrombosis is not simply too much hemostasis: there is good evidence that triggering mechanisms of platelet aggregation under low shear stress conditions are different from those operating under high shear stress conditions. Such differences are hypothesized to exist in vivo and to separate mechanisms of microvascular hemostasis from mechanisms of arterial thrombosis, such as those involved in myocardial, cerebral and peripheral vascular ischemia and infarction. This separation forms the conceptual basis for the hypothesis that lesion-specific antithrombotic agents might some day be invented that inhibit arterial thrombosis without causing bleeding that arises from impaired hemostasis. The focus of much of the work in this field has been platelet aggregation initiated by shear-dependent von Willebrand factor binding to the platelet glycoprotein Ib-IX-V complex. It is hypothesized that by elucidating molecular mechanisms of platelet activation operating under pathologically elevated shear stresses, targets of lesion-specific therapies will one day be identified for use in clinical syndromes of arterial thrombosis. © 2005 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Association of a functional polymorphism in the clopidogrel target receptor gene, P2Y12, and the risk for ischemic cerebrovascular events in patients with peripheral artery disease$$$ Background and Purpose - There is considerable variability in the antiplatelet effects of the thienopyridine agent "clopidogrel." We tested for an association of gene sequence variations in P2Y12 and occurrence of neurological adverse events in patients with symptomatic peripheral artery disease (PAD) during clopidogrel treatment. Methods - We studied 137 patients undergoing antiplatelet therapy with clopidogrel and 336 patients with aspirin for the occurrence of neurological events (ischemic stroke and/or carotid revascularization). Prevalence of 2 previously described exonic polymorphisms of the P2Y12 gene, 34C>T and 52G>T, was determined by polymerase chain reaction. Results - Genotype frequencies for mutated, heterozygous, and wild-type alleles for the 34C>T and the 52G>T polymorphisms were 9% (n=40), 44% (n=210), and 47% (n=223), and 4% (n=17), 27% (n=127), and 70% (n=329), respectively. During the median follow-up of 21 months, neurological events occurred in 8% of patients. In patients with aspirin therapy, neither polymorphism was associated with neurological events. However, in clopidogrel patients, carriers of at least one 34T allele had a 4.02-fold increased adjusted risk for neurological events compared with carriers of only 34C alleles (95% confidence interval, 1.08 to 14.9). Neither polymorphism was associated with all-cause mortality. Conclusions - In PAD patients, clopidogrel response variability exists, which may result in increased risk for cerebrovascular events. Sequence alterations of the target receptor gene represent one possible mechanism for clopidogrel failure. Whether identification of the 34C>T polymorphism as a contributor to this process could serve as risk stratification tool, an indicator for higher clopidogrel doses, or the use of alternate agents warrants further investigation. © 2005 American Heart Association, Inc. ER  - 
Platelet P2Y12 receptors enhance signalling towards procoagulant activity and thrombin generation. A study with healthy subjects and patients at thrombotic risk$$$ Activated platelets participate in arterial thrombosis by forming aggregates and potentiating the coagulation through exposure of procoagulant phosphatidylserine. The function of the two receptors for ADP, P2Y1 and P2Y12, is well-established in aggregation, but is incompletely understood in the platelet procoagulant response. We established that, in PRP from healthy subjects, ADP accelerated and potentiated tissue factor-induced thrombin generation exclusively via stimulation of P2Y12 and not via P2Y1 receptors. The P2Y12 receptors also mediated the potentiating effect of PAR-1 stimulation on thrombin generation. Furthermore, ADP enhanced in a P2Y12-dependent manner the Ca2+ response induced by thrombin, which was either added externally or generated in-situ. This ADP effect was in part dependent of phosphoinositide 3-kinase and was paralleled by increased phosphatidylserine exposure. In PRP from (young) patients with either stroke or type-II diabetes, platelet-dependent thrombin generation was similarly enhanced by ADP or SFLLRN as in healthy subjects. In PRP from stroke patients of older age, the P2Y12-mediated contribution to thrombin generation was variably reduced by two weeks of clopidogrel medication. Remaining P2Y12 activity after medication correlated with remaining P2Y12-dependent P-selectin exposure, i.e. Ca2+-dependent secretion, likely due to incomplete antagonism of P2Y12 receptors. Together, these results indicate that physiological platelet agonists amplify phosphatidylserine exposure and subsequent thrombin generation by release of ADP and P2Y12-receptor stimulation. This P2Y12 response is accomplished by a novel Ca2+ signalling pathway. It is similarly active in platelets from control subjects and patients at thrombotic risk. Finally, the thrombogram method is useful for measuring incomplete P2Y12 inhibition with clopidogrel. © 2005 Schattauer GmbH, Stuttgart. ER  - 
Structural insights in platelet receptor synergism-antiplatelet therapy in post-ischemic cerebrovascular events$$$ Synergy between agonists of platelet aggregation, namely, ADP and epinephrine, has been studied in patients having a history of cerebrovascular ischemic event. There is a significant variability of responsiveness among individuals towards clopidogrel, which is a specific inhibitor of the low-affinity human purinergic receptor (P2Y12). For responders of clopidogrel, simultaneous application of ADP and epinephrine at sub-threshold concentrations (i.e., concentration below the threshold concentration at which aggregation occurs) leads to platelet aggregation, which is followed by deaggregation. For non-responders of the drug, the synergism seems to be stronger, showing no deaggregatory pattern. The inhibition of synergism by yohimbine hydrochloride (YH), a blocker of α2A-adrenoreceptors is more pronounced in non-responders. A simple structural model based on receptor-receptor interaction is proposed to explain the synergism. The model explains synergy in terms of cooperative interaction between the low-affinity ADP receptor P2Y12 (Swiss Prot:Q9H244) and the α2A-adrenoreceptor (Swiss Prot:P08913). It follows that the synergistic effect can be achieved in only one of the two 3D structures for the α2A-adrenoreceptor P08913 permitted by homology modeling, as there is a better docking interface with the Q9H244. The synergism itself and the observed dichotomous phenomenon in relation to inhibition of synergism among responders and non-responders can be accounted for, if the interacting receptors on the dynamic membrane interface compete with the clopidogrel binding. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Platelets and new antiplatelet drugs$$$ Platelets play an important, life-saving role in hemostasis and blood clotting at sites of vascular injury. However, unwanted platelet activation and arterial thrombus formation are implicated in the onset of myocardial infarction, stroke and other cardiovascular diseases. Different mechanisms, such as vascular damage, the development of mural platelet thrombi as a response to injury and the biochemical effects of intraplatelet substances that are released in response to damage, may be involved. Thus, antiplatelet therapy has become a mainstay of treatment for these conditions and the benefit of antiplatelet drugs is documented across a wide spectrum of clinical conditions. Aspirin has been regarded as the prototype antiplatelet drug and is still the most widely used agent. Aspirin's antiplatelet effect is directly due to irreversible inactivation of arachidonic metabolism and suppression of thromboxane A2 synthesis. However, platelet activation occurs via several pathways that do not rely on amplification by released thromboxane A2. Therefore, a number of other compounds have been developed to complement the beneficial effect of aspirin. Four main classes of antiplatelet agents are currently available for clinical use: aspirin, phosphodiesterase inhibitors, thienopyridines and the platelet glycoprotein αIIbβ3 receptor antagonists. This review discusses state-of-the-art antiplatelet therapies and recent advances, using aspirin as the reference standard. © 2005 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Molecular aspects of thrombosis and antithrombotic drugs$$$ There have been major advances in our understanding of thrombosis and antithrombotic drugs. This review focuses on the molecular aspects of thrombus formation and antithrombotic therapy. Molecules involved in arterial thrombosis are derived from inflammatory cells in the atherosclerotic plaque and blood platelets. These molecules work in concert to promote plaque instability and thrombogenicity Thrombus formation on the ruptured plaque is mediated by platelet and coagulation activation. By contrast, molecules involved in venous thrombosis are derived from the activated coagulation cascade. Platelets appear to play a secondary role. The antithrombotic drugs are classified according to their targeted constituents: antiplatelet agents and anticoagulants; the latter are further divided into non-specific anticoagulants, such as vitamin K antagonists and heparin, and direct thrombin inhibitors, including hirudin and argatroban. Currently available antiplatelet agents target glycoprotein IIt bIIIa (abciximab, tirofiban, eptifibatide), cyclooxygenase-1 (aspirin) or adenosine diphosphate receptor, P2Y12 (clopidogrel). Copyright © 2005 Taylor and Francis Inc. ER  - 
Clopidogrel and ticlopidine: P2Y12 adenosine diphosphate-receptor antagonists for the prevention of atherothrombosis$$$ Ticlopidine and clopidogrel belong to the same chemical family of thienopyridine adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-receptor antagonists. They have shown their efficacy as platelet antiaggregant and antithrombotic agents in many animal models, both ex vivo and in vivo. Although ticlopidine was discovered more than 30 years ago, it was only recently that the mechanism of action of ADP-receptor antagonists was characterized in detail. Ticlopidine and clopidogrel both behave in vivo as specific antagonists of P2Y12, one of the ADP receptors on platelets. Metabolic steps that involve cytochrome P450-dependent pathways are required to generate the active metabolite responsible for this in vivo activity. The active moiety is a reactive thiol derivative that targets P2Y12 on platelets. The interaction is irreversible, accounting for the observation that platelets are definitely antiaggregated, even if no active metabolite is detectable in plasma. The interaction is specific for P2Y12; other purinoceptors such as P2Y1 and P2Y13 are spared. This results in inhibition of the binding of the P2Y12 agonist 2-methylthio-ADP and the ADP-induced downregulation of adenylyl cyclase. Platelet aggregation is affected not only when triggered by ADP but also by aggregation inducers when used at concentrations requiring released ADP as an amplifier. The efficacy and safety of clopidogrel has been established in several large, randomized, controlled trials. The clopidogrel versus aspirin in patients at risk of ischaemic events (CAPRIE) trial demonstrated the superiority of clopidogrel over acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) in patients at risk of ischemic events, including ischemic stroke, myocardial infarction (MI), and peripheral arterial disease. The clopidogrel in unstable angina to prevent recurrent ischemic events (CURE) trial showed a sustained, incremental benefit when clopidogrel was added to standard therapy (including ASA) in patients with unstable angina and non-Q-wave MI. The clopidogrel for the reduction of events during observation (CREDO) trial demonstrated the benefit of continuing clopidogrel (plus ASA) for 12 months, as opposed to 1 month, after percutaneous coronary intervention. The proven efficacy of clopidogrel, coupled with its favorable safety and tolerability profile, has prompted its evaluation in an extensive, ongoing clinical trial program that will help to further characterize the benefit of clopidogrel in patients with a range of atherothrombotic profiles. Copyright © 2005 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc. ER  - 
Peripheral arterial disease: A missed opportunity to administer statins so as to reduce cardiac morbidity and mortality$$$ Peripheral arterial disease (PAD) is a common condition associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease, myocardial infarction and stroke. It follows that PAD merits aggressive preventive treatment that includes lipid lowering drugs (mainly statins). This review summarises the current knowledge concerning the use and mechanisms of action of statins in patients with PAD. Statins not only lower the risk of vascular events, but they also improve the symptoms associated with PAD. There is also evidence that statins reduce surgical mortality and improve graft patency and limb salvage. Because of the high risk, a more aggressive goal [i.e. low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) of 70 mg/dl; 1.8 mmol/l] [National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) Adult Treatment Panel III (ATP III), revised guidelines 2004] should be considered to maximally reduce the atheroma burden and related events. Not all statins can achieve this LDL-C target. Furthermore, there may be a need to use an additional lipid lowering drug so as to achieve the LDL-C goal and benefit from the different modes of action. Statins exert beneficial pleiotropic effects on haemostasis, the vasculature and inflammatory markers. There is also evidence that statins improve renal function (the plasma creatinine level is considered as an emerging vascular risk factor). Since PAD patients often take several drugs, there is a need to carefully consider their selection so as to maximize benefits and minimize adverse effects. Patients with PAD often do not receive adequate lipid lowering treatment. This situation needs to change. © 2005 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Aspirin resistance in stroke: 2004$$$ Aspirin is a well-established medication in the treatment of atherothrombotic vascular disease. However, despite aspirin treatment a substantial number of patients experience recurring ischaemic episodes. Aspirin resistance denotes those situations when it is unable to protect individuals from thrombotic complications, or when it fails to produce an anticipated effect in laboratory tests of platelet function. There are various laboratory techniques with which to evaluate the effectiveness of aspirin and other antiplatelet drugs. It has been estimated that in 5-60% of patients, aspirin does not achieve adequate efficacy in various measures of platelet activity. Some studies have revealed that vascular patients shown by laboratory tests to be aspirin-resistant are at an increased risk of major vascular events. The suggested mechanisms of aspirin resistance, among others, include genetic polymorphisms, alternate pathways of platelet activation, aspirin-insensitive thromboxane biosynthesis, drug interactions, or low aspirin dose. An increase in the dosage of aspirin or conversion to clopidogrel or clopidogrel plus aspirin might be beneficial in the management of those patients who are aspirin resistant. Additional work is required to improve and validate laboratory tests of platelet function, so that they may become useful tools for selecting the most appropriate antiplatelet therapy for an individual patient. Improvements in antiplatelet treatment strategies in the future should lead to a reduction in premature vascular events. © 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
P2Y receptor antagonists in thrombosis$$$ The dual role of P2Y1 and P2Y12 receptors in platelet aggregation by ADP has been firmly established, based on the action of selective inhibitors, gene targeting in mice and human genetic evidence. Both of these receptor subtypes constitute targets for antithrombotic agents, and compounds with a dual action might also be of interest. However, the agents currently on the market (ticlopidine and clopidogrel), or known to be in development (cangrelor, AZD-6140 and prasugrel), all target the P2Y12 receptor. The thienopyridines (ticlopidine, clopidogrel and prasugrel) irreversibly inactivate the P2Y12 receptor via the covalent binding of an active metabolite generated in the liver, while the other compounds are competitive antagonists. Cangrelor, an ATP derivative, is suitable for intravenous perfusion, whereas AZD-6140 is in clinical development as an orally active agent. © The Thompson Corporation. ER  - 
Ximelagatran - A promising new drug in thromboembolic disorders$$$ Ximelagatran is an oral direct thrombin inhibitor (DTI), the active form of which is melagatran. Approximately 20% of an oral ximelagatran dose becomes bioavailable as melagatran, which binds noncovalently and reversibly to both fibrin-bound and freely circulating thrombin. Oral ximelagatran dosing not only inhibits thrombin activity rapidly, competitively, and potently, but also delays and suppresses thrombin generation. In humans, oral ximelagatran exhibits anticoagulant, antiplatelet, and profibrinolytic effects, with only minor prolongation of the capillary bleeding time. Oral ximelagatran exhibits a stable and predictable pharmacokinetic profile during repeated dosing, with low intra- and inter-individual variation, and a low potential for interaction with other medications. It is excreted primarily as melagatran via the kidney, without unexpected bioaccumulation. Dosing requirements do not vary with age, gender, ethnicity, obesity, or food or alcohol intake. Clinical trials (total n > 30,000) have evaluated oral ximelagatran in four indications: the prevention of venous thromboembolism (VTE, comprising deep venous thrombosis with or without and pulmonary embolism) after elective hip- or knee-replacement surgery (with approval granted by France, as the Reference Member State for the European Union); treatment and long-term secondary prevention of VTE; the prevention of stroke and other systemic embolic events associated with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation; and the prevention of cardiovascular events after an acute myocardial infarction. The results of these trials suggest that the benefit-risk profile of oral ximelagatran therapy, administered at a fixed-dose without coagulation monitoring, compares favorably with that of currently approved standard therapy. © 2005 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Highlights of the 2004 Scientific Sessions of the Heart Failure Society of America, Toronto, Canada, September 12 to 15, 2004$$$ The annual scientific meeting of the Heart Failure Society of American (HFSA) brings together cardiologists, surgeons, nurses, and allied health care workers who are interested in improving the diagnosis, treatment, quality of life, and survival of patients affected by heart failure. The meeting integrates the best of basic advances with clinical trials and outcomes observations in a single seamless forum. The meeting in Toronto, Canada, attracted close to 3,000 attendees. © 2005 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation. ER  - 
Existence of a clinically relevant interaction between clopidogrel and HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors? Re-evaluating the evidence$$$ Clopidogrel is an inactive prodrug, which requires activation by the cytochrome P450 3A4 system in order to exert its antiplatelet action. Some statins (atorvastatin, lovastatin and simvastatin) also requires metabolism by the cytochrome P450 3A4 system. From a theoretical point of view, a clinical relevant interaction may exist between clopidogrel and cytochrome P450 3A4 metabolized statins. Nine studies have investigated the existence of this potential interaction. Seven studies have used results based on platelet function as surrogate endpoints and two studies have dealt with objective clinical events including mortality, acute myocardial infarction and stroke. However the studies have yielded conflicting results. This controversy is primarily caused by substantial differences in study design and methods used for assessment of the antiaggregatory effect of clopidogrel. Most studies have included too few patients, and there appears to be no consensus regarding the definition of and optimal way of measuring the platelet inhibitory effect of clopidogrel. Therefore an adequately powered prospective study, ensuring elimination of identified possible confounders and with the use of a well-defined surrogate ex vivo parameter should be performed. ER  - 
Interactions between grapefruit juice and cardiovascular drugs$$$ Grapefruit juice can alter oral drug pharmacokinetics by different mechanisms. Irreversible inactivation of intestinal cytochrome P450 (CYP) 3A4 is produced by commercial grapefruit juice given as a single normal amount (e.g. 200-300mL) or by whole fresh fruit segments. As a result, presystemic metabolism is reduced and oral drug bioavailability increased. Enhanced oral drug bioavailability can occur 24 hours after juice consumption. Inhibition of P-glycoprotein (P-gp) is a possible mechanism that increases oral drug bioavailability by reducing intestinal and/or hepatic efflux transport. Recently, inhibition of organic anion transporting polypeptides by grapefruit juice was observed in vitro; intestinal uptake transport appeared decreased as oral drug bioavailability was reduced. Numerous medications used in the prevention or treatment of coronary artery disease and its complications have been observed or are predicted to interact with grapefruit juice. Such interactions may increase the risk of rhabdomyolysis when dyslipidemia is treated with the HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors atorvastatin, lovastatin, or simvastatin. Potential alternative agents are pravastatin, fluvastatin, or rosuvastatin. Such interactions might also cause excessive vasodilatation when hypertension is managed with the dihydropyridines felodipine, nicardipine, nifedipine, nisoldipine, or nitrendipine. An alternative agent could be amlodipine. In contrast, the therapeutic effect of the angiotensin II type 1 receptor antagonist losartan may be reduced by grapefruit juice. Grapefruit juice interacting with the antidiabetic agent repaglinide may cause hypoglycemia, and interaction with the appetite suppressant sibutramine may cause elevated BP and HR. In angina pectoris, administration of grapefruit juice could result in atrioventricular conduction disorders with verapamil or attenuated antiplatelet activity with clopidrogel. Grapefruit juice may enhance drug toxicity for antiarrhythmic agents such as amiodarone, quinidine, disopyramide, or propafenone, and for the congestive heart failure drug, carvediol. Some drugs for the treatment of peripheral or central vascular disease also have the potential to interact with grapefruit juice. Interaction with sildenafil, tadalafil, or vardenafil for erectile dysfunction, may cause serious systemic vasodilatation especially when combined with a nitrate. Interaction between ergotamine for migraine and grapefruit juice may cause gangrene or stroke. In stroke, interaction with nimodipine may cause systemic hypotension. If a drug has low inherent oral bioavailability from presystemic metabolism by CYP3A4 or efflux transport by P-gp and the potential to produce serious overdose toxicity, avoidance of grapefruit juice entirely during pharmacotherapy appears mandatory. Although altered drug response is variable among individuals, the outcome is difficult to predict and avoiding the combination will guarantee toxicity is prevented. The elderly are at particular risk, as they are often prescribed medications and frequently consume grapefruit juice. © 2004 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Immunogenetic susceptibility of atherosclerotic stroke: Implications on current and future treatment of vascular inflammation$$$ The understanding of the pathophysiology governing atherosclerosis supports a prominent role for inflammation pathways in plaque initiation and progression that result in stroke and myocardial infarction. Elevated levels of inflammatory markers in the blood, such as C-reactive protein and CD40 ligand/CD40, in concert with increased expression of adhesion molecules, chemokines, cytokines, matrix metalloproteinases (MMP), and inflammatory cells in the plaque, characterize the symptomatic atherothrombotic state. Advances in predictive capabilities of vascular events using a number of these biomarkers are beginning to remodel our clinical practice in the use of medications such as statins and angiotensin receptor blockers for stroke prevention. Although the general inflammatory features of atherosclerosis are becoming widely recognized, factors resulting in individual variability in plaque formation and instability remain poorly defined. Emerging literature points toward several acquired and innate susceptibility factors in the immune pathways that may provide insight into why many plaques rapidly evolve from a "stable" to an "unstable" or symptomatic state. First, exposure of plaque memory T-lymphocytes to infectious or endogenous antigens may result in rapid clonal expansion of T-cell variable β chain subtypes and stimulate macrophages to release MMPs, causing plaque destabilization. The effects of infectious agents can further be influenced by an individual's major histocompatibility complex class II molecule profiles, which can affect susceptibility to specific organisms. Second, functional polymorphisms of genes that regulate the immune pathway can predispose patients to a more robust inflammatory expression after risk factor exposure. Identification of a susceptibility gene profile and immunologic mediators that promote T-cell activation provides a unique opportunity for early identification of stroke risk and targets for future therapy. ER  - 
Clopidogrel and vascular disease prevention$$$ In this editorial we consider some aspects of the use of clopidogrel in current clinical practice. Clopidogrel has replaced ticlopidine as an alternative to aspirin. Among the problems with the use of antiplatelet agents is aspirin intolerance. The options for these patients are discussed; these include using clopidogrel. Clopidogrel may be especially effective in patients with peripheral arterial disease. However, this impression requires confirmation in appropriately designed trials. We also consider the effect of antiplatelet agents on growth factor release by platelets and of clopidogrel on the inflammatory process. Clopidogrel is a useful, evidence-based, antiplatelet agent. ER  - 
Peripheral arterial disease - The silent killer$$$ PAD is being increasingly identified, due to better diagnostic testing, and the increasing prevalence in our aging population. Despite this, there remains substantial percentage of patients who are not diagnosed with this disorder and this is seen in all types of health care settings. Hence these patients continue to have increased morbidity and mortality, largely due to progressive atherosclerosis in multiple vascular beds. Whereas surgical, endovascular and medical therapies for atherosclerosis in general, and PAD in specific, continue to develop, there appears to be considerable room for improvement in physician adoption of proven effective therapies such as cholesterol lowering therapies and blood pressure management. Additionally, new therapies, such as gene transfer and cell therapy, are under development for this population. ER  - 
Clopidogrel-statin interaction$$$ There has been recent concern regarding the potential for certain HMG CoA reductase inhibitors (statins) to interfere with the activation of clopidogrel, thereby leaving patients susceptible to thrombotic events. Ex vivo studies have both supported and refuted an interaction, likely a result of heterogeneity in study design and methodology. More recent reports have been more consistent in demonstrating no increase in thrombotic event rates (myocardial infarction, stroke, etc) in patients receiving clopidogrel with a statin compared with clopidogrel alone, although these reports have all been retrospective in nature. Until a prospective study shows detriment when clopidogrel and statins are given together compared with either drug being administered alone, the debate regarding whether this interaction is of practical importance will continue. Until then, the weight of the evidence does not currently support a change in prescribing patterns for the sole purpose of avoiding a potential statin-clopidogrel interaction. ER  - 
Atherothrombosis: A widespread disease with unpredictable and life-threatening consequences$$$ Atherothrombosis, characterised by atherosclerotic lesion disruption with superimposed thrombus formation, is the major cause of acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and cardiovascular death. It is the leading cause of mortality in the industrialised world. Atherosclerosis is a diffuse process that starts early in childhood and progresses asymptomatically through adult life. Later in life, it is clinically manifested as coronary artery disease, stroke, transient ischaemic attack, and peripheral arterial disease. From the clinical point of view, we should envision this disease as a single pathologic entity that affects different vascular territories. Available antithrombotic therapy is very safe and efficient but the morbidity and mortality due to atherothrombosis is still unacceptably high. Recent evidence suggests that inhibition of tissue factor or elements in the tissue factor pathway (i.e., factors VIIa and Xa, or thrombin) has the potential to further improve outcomes in atherothrombosis. Here, we will review the most important concepts and advances in the pathogenesis, prevention, and antithrombotic treatment of this widespread disease. © 2004 The European Society of Cardiology. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Hyperhomocysteinaemia in a young woman presenting with stroke, associated with methylene tetrahydrofolate reductase C677T homozygosity$$$ We present a case of ischaemic stroke in a 23-year-old woman, associated with homozygous methylene tetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR)-C677T and hyperhomocysteinaemia. Her other risk factors for stroke were ostium secundum atrial septal defect and use of oral contraceptives. This case illustrates the need to include plasma homocysteine (Hcy) measurement in investigations following stroke. In the presence of hyperhomocysteinaemia, the MTHFR genotype should be determined. If the index case has the polymorphism, then all first-degree relatives should also be investigated by measurement of plasma Hcy and determination of MTHFR genotype. ER  - 
Possible Warfarin Failure Due to Interaction with Smokeless Tobacco$$$ OBJECTIVE: To report a case of possible interaction of smokeless tobacco with warfarin in a patient treated after several thromboembolic events. CASE SUMMARY: A white man with a long history of smokeless tobacco use was unsuccessfully treated with warfarin up to 25-30 mg/day. International normalized ratio (INR) values never stabilized >2.0 over 4.5 years of therapy. This patient had experienced 3 myocardial infarctions (MIs) and 2 ischemic strokes between the ages of 29 and 31 years and experienced another MI at age 33 years. This was followed by several episodes of transient ischemic attacks at age 34 years. During the final year of warfarin treatment, tobacco use was terminated, followed by an increase in INR values from 1.1 to 2.3 within one week. Warfarin therapy was discontinued and smokeless tobacco use was reinstated and tapered slowly to discontinuation. Following warfarin discontinuation, ticlopidine therapy was initiated. Subsequently, this patient was placed on long-term clopidogrel therapy. Mechanisms responsible for this interaction have not been established, but would most likely involve an increased dietary source of vitamin K from tobacco. DISCUSSION: Tobacco contains high levels of vitamin K, and its use may have contributed directly to the failure of warfarin therapy to achieve therapeutic INR levels in this patient. An objective causality scale indicates a probable association between this combination and the adverse effects. Smokeless tobacco use should be charted in patients undergoing warfarin therapy, and patients who desire to stop tobacco use should be aided in this process. CONCLUSIONS: Possible health effects of smokeless tobacco may include potential drug interactions. These interactions may be based on pharmacodynamic and/or pharmacokinetic parameters involving any of the many pharmacologically active substituents of tobacco. Proposed mechanisms of drug interaction may include increased vitamin K levels in the diet. ER  - 
The endothelium and platelets in cardiovascular disease: Potential targets for therapeutic intervention$$$ The interaction between platelets and endothelium has been implicated in many disease processes. It is now known that platelets may be involved in the initiation of atheroma, modulate various inflammatory responses, and contribute to endothelial dysfunction, in addition to their classical role in thombosis. Indeed, various drugs targeting platelets and endothelium have been shown to be of benefit in disease states. The last few years has seen an exponential increase in our knowledge of platelet and endothelial biology. As a result of this, many new drugs, for example the ADP-antagonists and the GpIIbIIIa antagonists, have been developed for use in the clinical setting. There is also renewed interest in the use of older drugs (for example, the statins) in modulating platelet-endothelial interactions. This review focuses on the recent advances in our understanding of the interaction(s) between platelets and endothelium and how this knowledge could be manipulated for therapeutic gain. © 2004 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
The use of clopidogrel in patients with coronary artery disease$$$ Coronary thrombosis plays a central role in the development, progression, and complications of atherosclerotic heart disease. As a result, pharmacologic manipulation of the hemostatic system has been the mainstay of treatment for coronary artery disease. Since platelets are the most important cellular element in the development of arterial thrombosis, many of the most effective therapies have involved the use of various antiplatelet agents. This article focuses on clopidogrel, an antiplatelet agent belonging to the class of drugs known as the thienopyridines, in the treatment of patients with coronary artery disease. ER  - 
Lack of adverse clopidogrel-atorvastatin clinical interaction from secondary analysis of a randomized, placebo-controlled clopidogrel trial$$$ Background - Statins primarily metabolized by cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) reportedly reduce clopidogrel's metabolism to active metabolite, thus attenuating its inhibition of platelet aggregation ex vivo. However, the clinical impact of this interaction has not been evaluated. Methods and Results - Clopidogrel for the Reduction of Events During Observation (CREDO) was a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized trial comparing pretreatment (300 mg) and 1-year (75 mg/d) clopidogrel therapy (clopidogrel) with no pretreatment and 1-month clopidogrel therapy (75 mg/d) (control) after a planned percutaneous coronary intervention. All patients received aspirin. The 1-year primary end point was a composite of death, myocardial infarction, and stroke. We performed a post hoc analysis to evaluate the clinical efficacy of concomitant clopidogrel and statin administration, categorizing baseline statin use to those predominantly CYP3A4-metabolized (atorvastatin, lovastatin, simvastatin, and cerivastatin) (CYP3A4-MET) or others (pravastatin and fluvastatin) (non-CYP3A4-MET). Of the 2116 patients enrolled, 1001 received a CYP3A4-MET and 158 a non-CYP3A4-MET statin. For the overall study population, the primary end point was significantly reduced in the clopidogrel group (8.5% versus 11.5%, RRR 26.9%; P=0.025). This clopidogrel benefit was similar with statin use, irrespective of treatment with a CYP3A4-MET (7.6% clopidogrel, 11. 8% control, RRR 36.4%, 95% CI 3.9 to 57.9; P=0.03) or non-CYP3A4-MET statin (5.4% clopidogrel, 13.6% control, RRR 60.6%, 95% CI -23.9 to 87.4; P=0.11). Patients given atorvastatin or pravastatin had similar 1-year event rates. Additionally, concomitant therapy with statins had no impact on major or minor bleeding rates. Conclusions - Although ex vivo testing has suggested a potential negative interaction when coadministering a CYP3A4-metabolized statin with clopidogrel, this was not clinically observed statistically in a post hoc analysis of a placebo-controlled study. ER  - 
Aspirin and stroke prevention$$$ According to meta-analyses aspirin provides a relative reduction in the rate of major vascular events of 19% in patients with arterial disease in general, whereas for patients with ischaemic cerebrovascular disease this reduction is only 13%. The discrepancy may well result from pathophysiological differences and not from a play of chance. There is no proven difference in efficacy according to dose. The evidence for this equivalence is most compelling in the range between 75 and 1300 mg daily, but still fairly convincing for doses between 30 and 50 mg. In contrast, side effects are clearly more frequent as the dose is higher. Other antiplatelet agents (sulfinpyrazone, ticlopidine, clopidogrel, dipyridamole, orally administered IIb/IIIa inhibitors) have no clear advantages over aspirin and in some cases definite disadvantages; the combination of aspirin and dipyridamole may be more efficacious than aspirin alone, but the evidence hinges on a single trial. If recurrent TIAs occur under treatment with aspirin, the rational response is not to change to a different antiplatelet agent, but to review the diagnosis and consider causes other than artery-to-artery embolism. Platelet aggregation can probably still occur despite complete acetylation of platelets, via pathways other than COX-1 inhibition, but in vitro aggregation tests are an unreliable measure. © 2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
