StatPearls; For prehospital providers, there are several causes for the patient with altered mental status or being unconscious to include the mnemonic AEIOU TIPS for Alcohol and acidosis, Endocrine, Epilepsy, Electrolytes, Encephalopathy, Infection, Opiates, Overdose, Uremia, Underdose, Trauma (head injury and blood loss), Insulin, Poisoning, Psychosis, Stroke, Seizure, and Syncope. Hypoglycemia, or low blood glucose level, is one of the most common causes of altered mental status for patients with and without diabetes. Estimates are that 1 to 2 percent of prehospital encounters and 7% of refusals are for hypoglycemia. Diabetes mellitus often referred to as "diabetes" or "sugar" by laypeople is the most common endocrine disorder where the body does not either produce enough insulin or has a resistance to the circulating insulin, and is characterized by high blood sugar levels over prolonged periods. The three main types of diabetes are type I (previously referred to as insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) or juvenile-onset), type II (formerly referred to as non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or adult-onset) and gestational. Insulin is an anabolic hormone produced in the beta cells of the pancreatic islets. The primary function of insulin is to regulate the metabolism of carbohydrates, protein, and fat through the absorption of glucose sugar from the blood into the liver, fat, and skeletal muscle cells. These small glucose molecules are then converted into larger molecules and stored for later usage. Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (T1DM)  This condition is commonly referred to as insulin-dependent diabetes or previously as childhood/adolescent-onset diabetes. It accounts for approximately 5% to 10% of all cases of diabetes. It can be related to the autoimmune destruction of insulin-producing beta cells in the islets of the pancreas from different causes, including genetic susceptivity, viral illness, toxins or alcohol-induced pancreatitis, or some dietary factors. The age group affected is usually children and adolescents, but adults can develop T1DM. As the name "insulin-dependent" implies, it requires the administration of subcutaneous insulin via intermittent injections or pump infusion. Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM)  This variant is commonly referred to as non-insulin diabetes or previously as adult-onset diabetes. It accounts for approximately 90% of all cases of diabetes. It is related to the desensitization of insulin/insulin resistance (response to insulin becomes diminished) in various tissues. Initially, there is an increase in insulin production, but this decreases over time. T2DM most commonly presents in persons older than 45 years, but it increasingly occurs in children, adolescents, and younger adults due to rising levels of obesity, physical inactivity, and energy-dense diets. Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) Hyperglycemia first detected during pregnancy is classified as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Although it can occur anytime during pregnancy, GDM generally affects pregnant women during the second and third trimesters. According to the American Diabetes Association (ADA), GDM complicates 7% of all pregnancies. Women with GDM and their offspring have an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus in the future. Types of Therapies  Therapy for hyperglycemia is dependant upon how much insulin the body is producing, or how well that insulin that is produced is working. The majority of patients with T2DM will be on an oral type of medication. Patients with T1DM will be on a combination of either long-acting insulin with short-acting as a sliding scale, intermediate-acting insulin with short-acting insulin as a sliding scale, combination premixed insulin, or be on an insulin pump. Hypoglycemia  One of the public health concerns for diabetes mellitus and unintended complications for the reduction in blood glucose levels is hypoglycemia. Hypoglycemia, by definition, is a plasma glucose concentration below 70 mg/dL, with most patients not having signs or symptoms until the plasma glucose concentrations drop below 55 mg/dL. Low plasma glucose concentration that requires assistance from another individual qualifies as severe hypoglycemia, and by context, all EMS encounters fall into this category. There has been an increase in morbidity (poor quality of life, series falls or car accidents, dementia, and hospitalization) and mortality related to severe hypoglycemia. Based upon 2015 data from NEMSIS, prehospital activation for diabetes-related cases accounts for about 2.3% of all activations, with the primary EMS encounter being hypoglycemia. Patients experiencing severe hypoglycemia or other diabetes-related concerns typically reach out for help by calling 911 who may dispatch a fire department or EMS agency depending on the jurisdiction. Care is then provided by the first on scene provider who may be an emergency medical technician (EMT) intermediate or advanced emergency medical technician (IEMT or AEMT) or paramedic. Treat and release versus transport of patients with hypoglycemia by EMS providers depends on the clinical guidelines or protocols from either the state or regional level by medical directors. It is important to understand that patients with severe hypoglycemia are at a higher risk of having complications related to the hypoglycemic state. Villani et al. indicated that approximately 50% of patients with severe hypoglycemia required transport to the hospital, and of that group, 41.3% were admitted to the hospital. One of the first studies on the topic of treating and releasing hypoglycemic patients in the field was "Development and Evaluation of Criteria Allowing Paramedics to Treat and Release Patients Presenting with Hypoglycemia: A Retrospective Study" published in Prehospital and Disaster Medicine in 1991. Their study design proposed five criteria that would allow for appropriate release that would not require additional treatment from prehospital providers to include: 1. The patient has a history of type 1 or type 2 diabetes. 2. Blood sugar prior to treatment is below 4.4 mmol/L or 80 mg/dL. 3. Blood sugar after treatment is equal to or greater than 4.4 mmol/L or 80 mg/dL. 4. The patient has a normal mental status within 10 minutes of treatment. . 5. The patient does not have any other complicating factors that required ED evaluation to such alcohol, chest pain, dyspnea, injuries related to falls, and/or renal dialysis. A 2016 study by Rostykus et al. reviewed prehospital clinical guidelines for hypoglycemia in 185 EMS agencies in the United States. It revealed that less than half allowed for non-transport of patients with hypoglycemia after the low plasma glucose level was corrected. A study by Moffet et al. looked at hypoglycemic patients treated by EMS in Alameda County from 2013 to 2015 and found that the transport rate was 13.5%. The demographic trends for those non-transported patients were adult patients < 60 years of age, males, finger stick blood glucose levels > 60 mg/dl, and EMS arrival times between 1800 and 0600. Copyright © 2024, StatPearls Publishing LLC.
Autoantibodies associated with presymptomatic insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in women.; Presymptomatic autoantibody markers of insulin-dependent (Type 1) diabetes mellitus (IDDM) are less well characterized in adults than in children. We quantitated anti-GAD, anti-ICA512 and ICA by titration to endpoint and compared frequencies and levels in 139 Finnish women from whom 390 serum samples had been archived during antecedent pregnancies for 10 years before and up to 1 year after diagnosis of diabetes. Also, we compared the autoantibody status in adults with IDDM with that of children with newly diagnosed IDDM. Of the 35 women seropositive for 1 or more autoantibodies, 77% developed IDDM, 11% non-insulin-dependent (Type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), 9% gestational diabetes mellitus requiring insulin (GDM-ins) and 3% GDM controlled by diet. The frequency of antibodies during the 10-year presymptomatic period was 83% for anti-glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD), 52% for anti-ICA512 and 41% for islet cell antibodies (ICA) for those who developed IDDM, 25%, 17%, and 0% for NIDDM, 12%, 4%, and 8% for GDM-ins and 1%, 0%, and 1% for GDM-diet. Anti-GAD was found most consistently in early samples; 13 of 15 with a single autoantibody at their first test had anti-GAD. Among those who developed IDDM, the frequency of anti-GAD was constant, anti-ICA512 increased threefold, and ICA increased slightly before diagnosis. Levels of the autoantibodies varied between subjects, but were relatively stable in individual subjects. Comparison of tests on the women, and children after diagnosis of IDDM, showed the frequencies and levels to be the same for anti-GAD but lower for anti-ICA512 and ICA in adults. Our observations show in women the long latency of seropositivity before overt IDDM, the predominance of anti-GAD among these three serological markers, and the presence of these markers in NIDDM presumably representing a NIDDM phase of autoimmune insulitis.
Why does ethnicity affect prevalence of gestational diabetes? The underwater volcano theory.; To study why gestational diabetes (GDM) is more common in some ethnic groups than others, we tested the hypothesis that GDM is more common in people who are temporally closer to developing non-insulin-dependent (Type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The prevalence of GDM and the mean age of affected women in each major ethnic group were determined. From our database of NIDDM 6052 patients, the mean age of onset in each ethnic gorup was calculated and the mean difference between age of developing GDM and age of developing NIDDM derived (NIDDM-GDM age gap). This age gap was used to adjust for the susceptibility to GDM of each group. The overall prevalence of GDM was 6.7% (CI 6.0%-7.4%). In Anglo-Celtic women it was 3.0% (CI 2.3%-3.7%). For the other ethnic groups the prevalence and odds ratio (OR) were: Chinese (15.0% CI 11.8%-18.2% OR 5.6), Vietnamese (9.6% CI 6.6%-12.5% OR 3.6), Indian (16.7% CI 9.8%-23.5% OR 6.4), Arabic (7.3% CI 4.6%-10.1% OR 2.5) and Aborigines (10.1% CI 3.8%-16.4% OR 3.7). The OR for susceptibility to GDM did not change after adjustment for BMI and maternal age and it correlated significantly with the NIDDM-GDM age gap (r = -0.85; p = 0.03). However, it fell substantially after adjustment for NIDDM-GDM age gap. For women of different ethnic origins there is a difference in the time gap between their pregnancies and the time at which they would on average be expected to develop diabetes. This difference may be an important factor underlying the higher prevalence of GDM in some ethnic populations.
Autoimmune markers of diabetes in diabetic pregnancy.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been described in 1-3% of pregnancies and increases the risk (up to 60-70%) to subsequently developing an overt diabetes (generally of type 2 non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)). Several humoral autoimmune phenomena have been described in GDM: islet cell antibodies (ICA) have been found and it was shown that ICA+ patients tend to have a worse glucose tolerance. Recently, autoantibodies against glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD), were detected in type 1 diabetic sera before or at the onset of the disease; these markers, as well as ICA and insulin antibodies, seem to have a predictive value for the onset of the disease. Aim of our study was to investigate the presence of GAD65 in 83 GDM, 79 NIDDM and 64 pregnant normal women in late gestation. GAD Ab positivity was found (0.035 index as limit) only in GDM and NIDDM (3.6% in GDM, 3.8% in NIDDM, and nothing in control women). These results indicate that GAD positivity in GDM overlaps that of NIDDM, suggesting that the two diabetic populations have the same predisposition to develop a type 1 diabetes mellitus, and likely they share the same disease. Further studies need to clarify whether this prevalence of GAD positivity may unmask type 1 diabetes in both GDM and NIDDM diabetic women.
Unifying the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus: Introducing the NPRP criteria.; AIMS: Disagreement about the appropriate criteria for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) persists. This study examines an alternative approach which combines information from all time-points on the glucose tolerance test (GTT) into a single index and expands the GDM spectrum into four categories using data from three geographically and ethnically distinct populations., METHODS: A retrospective observational study design was used. Data from Wisconsin, USA (723 women) was used in derivation of the criterion and data from Doha, Qatar (1284 women) and Cape Town, South Africa (220 women) for confirmation. Pregnant women without pre-existing diabetes with a GTT done between 23 and 30 weeks gestation were included. A novel index was derived from the GTT termed the weighted average glucose (wAG). This was categorized into four pre-defined groups (henceforth National Priorities Research Program (NPRP) criterion); i) normal gestational glycemia (NGG), ii) impaired gestational glycemia (IGG), iii) GDM and iv) high risk GDM (hGDM)., RESULTS: In the Doha cohort, compared to the NGG group, the odds of large for gestational age babies increased 1.33 fold (P = 0.432), 2.86 fold (P < 0.001) and 3.35 fold (P < 0.001) in the IGG, GDM and hGDM groups respectively. The odds of pregnancy induced hypertension increased 2.10 fold (P = 0.024) in GDM & hGDM groups compared to the IGG and NGG groups. In the Cape Town cohort, a third of women in the GDM group and two-thirds in the hGDM group progressed to T2DM at 5 years., CONCLUSIONS: The NPRP categorization identifies four distinct risk clusters of glycemia in pregnancy which may aid better decision making in routine management, avoid potential over-diagnosis of women at lower risk of complications and assist with diabetes prevention in women at high-risk after an index pregnancy with GDM. Copyright © 2021. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Gene expression of GLUT4 in skeletal muscle from insulin-resistant patients with obesity, IGT, GDM, and NIDDM.; In obesity, impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), defects in glucose transport system activity, contribute to insulin resistance in target tissues. In adipocytes from obese and NIDDM patients, we found that pretranslational suppression of the insulin-responsive GLUT4 glucose transporter isoform is a major cause of cellular insulin resistance; however, whether this process is operative in skeletal muscle is not clear. To address this issue, we performed percutaneous biopsies of the vastus lateralis in lean and obese control subjects and in obese patients with IGT and NIDDM and open biopsies of the rectus abdominis at cesarian section in lean and obese gravidas and gravidas with GDM. GLUT4 was measured in total postnuclear membrane fractions from both muscles by immunoblot analyses. The maximally insulin-stimulated rate of in vivo glucose disposal, assessed with euglycemic glucose clamps, decreased 26% in obesity and 74% in NIDDM, reflecting diminished glucose uptake by muscle. However, in vastus lateralis, relative amounts of GLUT4 per milligram membrane protein were similar (NS) among lean (1.0 +/- 0.2) and obese (1.5 +/- 0.3) subjects and patients with IGT (1.4 +/- 0.2) and NIDDM (1.2 +/- 0.2). GLUT4 content was also unchanged when levels were normalized per wet weight, per total protein, and per DNA as an index of cell number. Levels of GLUT4 mRNA were similarly not affected by obesity, IGT, or NIDDM whether normalized per RNA or for the amount of an unrelated constitutive mRNA species. Because muscle fibers (types I and II) exhibit different capacities for insulin-mediated glucose uptake, we tested whether a change in fiber composition could cause insulin resistance without altering overall levels of GLUT4. However, we found that quantities of fiber-specific isoenzymes (phopholamban and types I and II Ca(2+)-ATPase) were similar in all subject groups. In rectus abdominis, GLUT4 content was similar in the lean, obese, and GDM gravidas whether normalized per milligram membrane protein (relative levels were 1.0 +/- 0.2, 1.3 +/- 0.1, and 1.0 +/- 0.2, respectively) or per wet weight, total protein, and DNA. We conclude that in human disease states characterized by insulin resistance, i.e., obesity, IGT, NIDDM, and GDM, GLUT4 gene expression is normal in vastus lateralis or rectus abdominis. To the extent that these muscles are representative of total muscle mass, insulin resistance in skeletal muscle may involve impaired GLUT4 function or translocation and not transporter depletion as observed in adipose tissue.
Classification and diagnostic criteria for diabetes mellitus and other categories of glucose intolerance.; Diabetes mellitus is composed of a heterogeneous group of disorders characterized by high blood glucose levels. Four major types of diabetes have been defined by the National Diabetes Data Group. Insulin-dependent diabetes (IDDM), also called type I diabetes, is characterized by abrupt clinical onset, insulinopenia, proneness to ketosis even in the basal state, and dependence on exogenous insulin to sustain life. Non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM), also called type II diabetes, may remain relatively asymptomatic for years. Insulin levels may be normal, lower than normal, or elevated as a consequence of insulin resistance. Ketosis is not part of the general clinical picture except in times of metabolic stress, although the classic complications of diabetes can be expected to develop in long-duration diabetics. Gestational diabetes (GDM) refers to the recognition of abnormal glucose intolerance in pregnancy, although unrecognized abnormal tolerance may indeed have predated the pregnancy. Rates of macrosomia are higher than in non-GDM pregnancies, but fetal mortality and congenital anomalies appear to be no greater than in the general population. Other types of diabetes include a number of diverse conditions in which glucose intolerance is a feature and in which it may be etiologically related. Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) is a class that encompasses persons whose glucose tolerance is intermediate between normal and diabetic. These individuals do not manifest the microvascular complications of diabetes, but they appear to have higher rates of macrovascular disease associated with the known cardiovascular risk factors. Two statistical risk categories have also been defined that replace the older terms prediabetes, potential diabetes, and latent diabetes. Diabetes can be diagnosed by the presence of classical signs and symptoms of diabetes and unequivocally elevated blood glucose levels; by a fasting plasma glucose greater than or equal to 140 mg/dl; or by an abnormal oral glucose tolerance test, with a venous plasma glucose value greater than or equal to 200 mg/dl at 2 hours after 75 grams oral glucose, being a hallmark criterion for diabetes. For the latter two criteria, the abnormality should be reconfirmed at a later occasion before a definitive diagnosis of diabetes is made. The oral glucose tolerance test has been standardized at a 75-gram glucose (or carbohydrate equivalent) load, given in the morning after an overnight fast. Glucose should be determined for two hours after administration of the challenge.
Diabetes update.; This paper summarizes the new classification of diabetes mellitus (and other categories of glucose intolerance) and presents some clinically important aspects of the new insulins. The new classification promises to bring to the field considerable uniformity, previously lacking. The five clinical classes are: Type I (insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, IDDM), Type II (non-insulin-dependent, NIDDM), "other types", gestational diabetes (GDM) and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). The two statistical risk classes are: previous abnormality of glucose tolerance (Prev AGT) and potential abnormality of glucose tolerance (Pot AGT). These are mutually exclusive classes. Criteria recommended for use by clinicians and researchers are presented in detail, as well as information on the oral glucose test and normal glucose tolerance. Particular attention is drawn to the differences in glucose metabolism (tolerance) characteristics in non-pregnant adults, children and pregnant females. The new insulins are so called because of increased purity achieved by new purification methods. They are not new formulations or types of insulin. Contamination of insulin preparations by other hormones or compounds (e.g. glucagon, pro-insulin, pancreatic polypeptide) is now at a very low level.
Gestational diabetes and subsequent development of NIDDM in aboriginal women of northwestern Ontario.; OBJECTIVES: To determine (1) the risk of development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in women with a previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), (2) the average duration between diagnoses of GDM and NIDDM, (3) various modes of presentation, and (4) adequacy of follow-up post diagnosis of GDM., METHODS: A retrospective chart review of women diagnosed with GDM in the Sioux Lookout Zone between 1985-1995. There were 4,211 pregnancies and 332 women with a diagnosis of GDM. Sixty-one charts were randomly selected. Both GDM and NIDDM were defined according to World Health Organization standards., RESULTS: Seventy percent of the women with GDM went on to develop NIDDM. The average duration between diagnosis of GDM and diagnosis of NIDDM was three years. Greater than 70% of the women developed NIDDM within four years post diagnosis of GDM. The majority presented with asymptomatic hyperglycemia (88%); 3% presented with acidosis; 6% presented with symptoms of polydipsia and polyuria; and 3% presented with abnormal weight gain. Specific physician-requested follow-up after six weeks postpartum occurred in only 38% of the cases. However six-week follow-up occurred in 41%, a yearly follow-up occurred in 61% of the women, and 81% of the women had some sort of follow-up post diagnosis of GDM., CONCLUSIONS: The risk of developing NIDDM after GDM is very high in Aboriginal women of the Sioux Lookout Zone. There is an urgent need for a structured follow-up program for this group of high-risk women. Furthermore, the offspring of these pregnancies should be a focus for follow-up and preventive programs.
Exercise in the treatment of NIDDM. Applications for GDM?.; Physical training is associated with lower plasma insulin concentrations and increased sensitivity to insulin in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue of individuals with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The benefits of exercise to individuals with NIDDM in terms of increased insulin sensitivity could be applied to reversing the insulin resistance associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Exercise may also benefit women with GDM by acting as an adjunct to diet in preventing excessive weight gain and preventing or decreasing the severity of hypertension and/or hyperlipidemia during pregnancy. Regular physical exercise should be considered as a potential approach to the prevention and treatment of GDM.
TRIPOD (TRoglitazone In the Prevention Of Diabetes): a randomized, placebo-controlled trial of troglitazone in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.; The TRoglitazone In the Prevention Of Diabetes (TRIPOD) trial is a single-center, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-masked study. The primary aim of the TRIPOD trial is to test the hypothesis that chronic administration of troglitazone to nondiabetic women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) will improve whole-body insulin sensitivity and reduce the incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM). Because troglitazone is already known to lower blood glucose concentrations in persons who have developed NIDDM, an additional aim of the project will be to determine whether early intervention with troglitazone will achieve better final glycemic control than can be achieved by later intervention. In addition, since troglitazone treatment is expected to improve insulin sensitivity and may prevent or delay a decline in glucose tolerance, we also plan to determine whether long-term troglitazone treatment alters the development or progression of atherosclerosis. In this article we describe the experiment's design, the study's endpoints and methods for determining those endpoints, methods for assessing quality of life, and proposed methods for statistical analyses. The unique two-phase study design of the TRIPOD trial will permit testing not only of the biological question about reversal of insulin resistance and prevention of diabetes, but also of the clinical question about whether early intervention is superior to late intervention. Results from this trial will have an important impact on the monitoring and treatment of patients at high risk for NIDDM.
Low levels of Sex-Hormone-Binding Globulin predict insulin requirement in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.; Low Sex-Hormone-Binding Globulin (SHBG) levels--indicating a state of hyperandrogenicity--are associated with a higher risk for the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes (NIDDM) in women and are accepted as a marker of muscular insulin resistance. To analyze whether low SHBG values are also present in patients with gestational diabetes, we investigated levels of SHBG in 42 patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in comparison with 48 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT). Beside maternal parameters like body-mass index (BMI), HbA1c, fasting, 1- and 2-hour blood glucose and insulin concentrations, parameters of the new-borns (head-circumference, body weight, height and sex) were recorded. Maternal and neonatal variables were then related to SHBG levels. Both groups showed no differences in BMI, height, weight or age of gestation. Patients with GDM revealed significantly lower levels of SHBG than pregnant women with NGT(512 +/- 249 nmol/l vs. 643 +/- 137 nmol/l; p < 0.01). In patients with severe GDM and insulin therapy significantly lower levels of SHBG than in those with dietary treatment only were found (223 +/- 210 nmol/l vs. 592 +/- 102 nmol/l; p < 0.001). SHBG was inversely correlated to BMI (r = - 0.30; p < 0.01), 1-hour (r = - 0.20; p < 0.05) and 2-hour blood glucose levels (r = - 0.30; p <0.01). In summary, we found significantly lower levels of SHBG in patients with GDM, especially in those who developed severe GDM and required insulin therapy during the last months of pregnancy.
Mitochondrial gene mutations in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Mitochondrial DNA mutations have been implicated in many diseases including diabetes mellitus. Although gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been suggested to have genetic determinant and to be etiologically indistinct with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), its association with mitochondrial gene mutations is still unknown. In this study, 137 patients with GDM and 292 non-diabetic pregnant controls were examined for mitochondrial DNA mutations from the nucleotide 3130-4260 encompassing tRNA-Leu gene and adjacent NADH dehydrogenase 1 gene by polymerase chain reaction, single-stranded conformation polymorphism, restriction fragment length polymorphism and DNA sequencing. One heteroplasmic mutation at the position of 3398 (T-C), which changed a highly conserved methionine to threonine in NADH dehydrogenase subunit 1, was identified in 2.9% GDM patients but not in the controls, indicating its association with GDM (P = 0.01). Two novel mutations, a heteroplasmic C3254A and a homoplasmic A3399T, were also found in GDM subjects, the functional meaning of which merits further investigation. G3316A and T3394C mutations implicated in NIDDM, were seen at higher frequencies in patients with GDM than the controls. Our results suggest that mitochondrial DNA mutations may contribute to the development of GDM in some patients.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and its complications.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a new epidemic among Australian women, especially those with Asian backgrounds. The 1998 Australia National Diabetes Strategy and Implementation Plan recognises GDM as an independent glucose metabolic disorder affecting sub-groups of Australians. Gestational diabetes mellitus is an Australian national diabetes priority area, along with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). This paper reviews the many issues relating to GDM that continue to be debated by researchers and clinical service providers. These issues include the diagnosis of GDM, the effect of GDM on fetal outcomes, the long-term health effects on the offspring of GDM mothers, the effect of GDM on maternal outcomes and the long-term health effects on women with a history of GDM.
Modifications induced by gestational diabetes mellitus on cellular membrane properties.; Alterations in erythrocyte plasma membrane properties (enzymatic activities and membrane fluidity) have been observed in patients affected by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). In order to verify whether these alterations are present also in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) we studied the plasma membranes obtained from two different cellular types (erythrocyte from both mother and cord blood and placenta syncytiothrophoblast cell) of 16 healthy pregnant women and 15 women affected by GDM. The following determinations were performed on the membrane preparations: Na+/K(+)-ATPase activity, acetyl-cholinesterase (AchE) activity, membrane fluidity and cholesterol:phospholipid ratio. We observed a reduction of both enzymatic activities and a decrease of membrane fluidity in maternal and cord blood erythrocytes and in syncytiotrophoblast plasma membranes in GDM pregnant women in comparison with controls. The cholesterol to phospholipid ratio was significantly lower in the erythrocyte membranes of women affected by GDM than in normal pregnant women, while it was increased in the cord blood erythrocyte membranes and in placental membranes in GDM in comparison with controls. The present study found, in GDM patients, a membrane alteration similar to the abnormality reported in IDDM and NIDDM (i.e. decreased Na+/K(+)-ATPase activity), while opposite modifications were observed with regard to other membrane activities and properties. The different membrane alterations observed in GDM with respect to IDDM and NIDDM might be linked to the different degree of metabolic control, on the contrary the reduced Na+/K(+)-ATPase activity might be a primary event in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus per se and might constitute a signal of high risk of developing the disease later in the women affected by GDM during pregnancy.
Genes within the major histocompatibility complex predict NIDDM in African-American women in Alabama.; OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that genes within the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) are associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and, subsequently, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in African-American women., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: African-American women who presented with GDM were compared with pregnant African-American control subjects. Following pregnancy, GDM patients were assessed at various intervals of time (median = 6 years) to determine whether they had developed diabetes., RESULTS: GDM patients who required insulin during pregnancy possessed a significantly higher frequency of A33, DR2, DR9, and BF-S phenotypes than control subjects. GDM patients who subsequently developed NIDDM had a significantly higher frequency of B41, DR2, and BF-S and a lower frequency of DR1 and DR6 phenotypes than control subjects. Even after controlling for age and body mass index, B41 and DR2 were independent predictors of developing insulin-requiring GDM and NIDDM in GDM subjects., CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that either one or more genes within the MHC are involved in the etiology of NIDDM.
Predicting future diabetes in Latino women with gestational diabetes. Utility of early postpartum glucose tolerance testing.; We tested 32 routine clinical parameters for their ability to discriminate between a high risk and a low risk of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) within 5-7 years after pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Latino women (n = 671) with GDM who did not have diabetes 4-16 weeks after delivery returned for at least one 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) within 7.5 years. Multivariate analysis was used to identify parameters ascertained during or immediately after the index pregnancy that were independently associated with the development of diabetes during follow-up. Life table analysis revealed a 47% cumulative incidence rate of NIDDM 5 years after delivery for this cohort of patients who did not have diabetes at the initial postpartum examination. Four variables were identified as independent predictors of NIDDM: the area under the OGTT glucose curve at 4-16 weeks postpartum, the gestational age at the time of diagnosis of GDM, the area under the OGTT glucose curve during pregnancy, and the highest fasting serum glucose concentration during pregnancy. Examination of relative risks (RRs) of NIDDM between the highest and lowest quartiles of the cohort for each variable, adjusted for the other three variables, revealed that the postpartum OGTT provided the best discrimination between high-risk and low-risk individuals (adjusted RR = 11.5 [95% confidence interval 4.5-29.1] compared with adjusted RRs of only 0.5-2.5 for the other three variables). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Defects in insulin secretion and action in women with a history of gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with defects in insulin secretion and insulin action, and women with a history of GDM carry a high risk for the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Assessment of subjects with a history of GDM who are currently normoglycemic should help elucidate some of the underlying defects in insulin secretion or action in the evolution of NIDDM. We have studied 14 women with normal oral glucose tolerance who had a history of GDM. They were compared with a group of control subjects who were matched for both body mass index (BMI) and waist-to-hip ratio (WHR). All subjects underwent tests for the determination of oral glucose tolerance, ultradian oscillations in insulin secretion during a 28-h glucose infusion, insulin secretion in response to intravenous glucose, glucose disappearance after intravenous glucose (Kg), and insulin sensitivity (SI) as measured by the Bergman minimal model method. The BMI in the post-GDM women was similar to that in the control subjects (24.9 +/- 1.2 vs. 25.4 +/- 1.4 kg/m2, respectively), as was the WHR ratio (0.80 +/- 0.01 vs. 0.76 +/- 0.01, respectively). The post-GDM women were slightly older (35.2 +/- 0.9 vs. 32.1 +/- 1.4 years, P = 0.04). The fasting plasma glucose levels were significantly higher in the post-GDM group than in the control group (4.9 +/- 0.1 vs. 4.4 +/- 0.1 mmol/l, respectively, P < 0.001) and remained higher at each of the subsequent determinations during the oral glucose tolerance test, although none had a result indicative of either diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Insulin secretion in insulin-resistant women with a history of gestational diabetes.; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) tend to be insulin-resistant and hyperinsulinemic and are predisposed to the subsequent development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). In the evolution of glucose intolerance, the first clinically detectable abnormality has not been defined and the relative importance of contributions of abnormal insulin secretion and insulin resistance is controversial. The present study was performed to evaluate the insulin secretory responses to oral and intravenous glucose and to mixed meals in women with a history of GDM, and to determine if the hyperinsulinemia present in these subjects is appropriate for the degree of insulin resistance. To address these questions, we studied the insulin secretory responses to oral glucose over a 3-hour period and to three mixed meals over a 24-hour period, and quantified the acute insulin response to glucose (AIRglucose) and insulin sensitivity (SI) during frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance tests (FSIVGTTs). Studies were performed in seven subjects with a history of GDM and in seven matched controls. Insulin secretion rates (ISRs) were derived by deconvolution of peripheral C-peptide values using a two-compartment model and standard C-peptide kinetic parameters.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Is there a genetic basis for gestational diabetes?.; Rh E-PGM1 (phosphoglucomutase locus 1) joint genotype frequencies (chromosome 1) have been determined in 90 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and in 140 pregnant women with preexisting insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The pattern of Rh E-PGM1 association differs among types of diabetes. The distortion of the pattern tends to assume opposite values in GDM and NIDDM and this is particularly evident in PGM1*2,2 subjects. The proportion of PGM1*2,2 subjects homozygous for the Rh e allele is higher in GDM than in IDDM and NIDDM. IDDM women show an intermediate proportion and NIDDM women show the lowest proportion of this genotype. The opposite pattern is observed among PGM1*2,2 subjects carrying the Rh E allele. Genotype frequencies of the hypervariable region flanking the insulin gene (chromosome 11) have been determined in 77 women with GDM, in 52 pregnant women with preexisting diabetes (IDDM and NIDDM), and in 62 normal adults. In GDM and NIDDM subjects the frequencies are similar. In IDDM women the frequency of homozygotes for the class 1 allele is higher than the frequency found in GDM and NIDDM women. The data suggest a possible genetic basis for the differentiation of a subclass of GDM from both IDDM and NIDDM.
Gestational diabetes may represent discovery of preexisting glucose intolerance.; A representative sample of 817 American women aged 20-44 yr who were not pregnant and had no medical history of diabetes were given 75-g 2-h oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs). Although these conditions are somewhat different from those recommended for pregnant women (100 g glucose, 3-h OGTT), 3.8% of the women might have been considered to have met O'Sullivan and Mahan criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) had they been pregnant. Prevalence was 2-3% below age 35 yr, similar to that found in studies of pregnant women, and rose to 8% at age 40-44 yr. Rates of women meeting World Health Organization criteria for gestational impaired glucose tolerance (G-IGT) rose steadily from 5% at age 20-24 yr to 11% at age 40-44 yr. Risk factors for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) including parental history and obesity were more prevalent among women meeting these criteria than among women in the entire group; the same risk factors are also more prevalent among pregnant women with GDM. The similarity of rates in this study to rates of GDM and G-IGT, together with their association with risk factors for NIDDM, indicate that these entities are compatible with undiagnosed glucose intolerance occurring before pregnancy and discovered during the metabolic testing that generally accompanies prenatal care rather than conditions that have an etiologic relationship to pregnancy.
Follow-up of women with previous GDM. Insulin, C-peptide, and proinsulin responses to oral glucose load.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a strong predictor of glucose intolerance later in life. Former GDM (n = 145) and control (n = 41) subjects were studied 3-4 yr after the index pregnancy. They were subjected to a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with measurements of insulin, C-peptide, and proinsulin in the basal state and every 30 min for 180 min. In the former GDM group, 5 subjects (3.4%) had developed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and 32 (22%) had developed impaired glucose tolerance (IGT; by World Health Organization criteria). In the control group, 2 (4%) had IGT. In the GDM group, IGT or NIDDM was significantly associated with obesity (body mass index [BMI] greater than or equal to 25 kg/m2) and earlier diagnosis of GDM during pregnancy (P less than 0.001). Nonobese (BMI less than 25 kg/m2) GDM subjects with normal glucose tolerance at follow-up had significantly higher mean glucose (P less than 0.01), insulin (P less than 0.05), and proinsulin (P less than 0.001) values during the OGTT than control subjects, whereas there was no significant difference in C-peptide values. A comparison between control subjects with normal OGTT and BMI less than 25 kg/m2 (n = 39) and GDM subjects (n = 39) selected to have a comparable area under the glucose curve, BMI, and age demonstrated no group differences in glucose, C-peptide, or insulin levels, whereas the proinsulin levels were significantly higher (P less than 0.001) during the glucose load. The molar ratio between proinsulin and insulin was also significantly higher among the former GDM subjects.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Glucose transporter proteins and insulin sensitivity in humans.; 1. Pretranslational suppression of glucose transport protein, isozyme 4 (GLUT 4), is a major mechanism of insulin resistance in adipocytes in obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). 2. Patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are heterogeneous; adipocyte GLUT 4 levels are either normal or markedly reduced but all patients exhibit abnormalities in GLUT 4 subcellular distribution and insulin-mediated translocation. 3. Skeletal muscle GLUT 4 expression is normal in obesity, impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), GDM, and NIDDM, indicating that functional activity or translocation of GLUT 4 may be impaired. 4. Adipocyte defects in GDM consistent with abnormalities in GLUT 4-vesicle traffic have implications with respect to potential mechanisms of insulin resistance in human muscle. Given the central role of insulin resistance in NIDDM and Syndrome 'X', elucidating the underlying mechanism in muscle is critical for developing more effective treatment and disease prevention.
The STOP-NIDDM Trial: an international study on the efficacy of an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor to prevent type 2 diabetes in a population with impaired glucose tolerance: rationale, design, and preliminary screening data. Study to Prevent Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the rationale and design, and to discuss the preliminary screening data, of the Study to Prevent NIDDM (STOP-NIDDM Trial), an international study on the efficacy of the alpha-glucosidase inhibitor acarbose in preventing or delaying the development of type 2 diabetes in a population with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT)., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 1,418 subjects diagnosed with IGT according to the World Health Organization's criteria and having a fasting plasma glucose concentration > or =5.6 mmol/L were randomized in a double-blind fashion to receive either acarbose (100 mg t.i.d.) or placebo for a predictive median follow-up period of 3.9 years. The primary outcome is the development of type 2 diabetes diagnosed using a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test according to the new criteria. The secondary outcomes are changes in blood pressure, lipid profile, insulin sensitivity, cardiovascular events, and morphometric profile., RESULTS: Screening was performed in a high-risk population. As of 1 March 1997, 4,424 subjects had been screened, and data were available for 3,919 (88.5%) subjects. Of these subjects, 1,200 (30.6%) had glucose intolerance. Of the subjects with glucose intolerance, 521 (13.3%) had previously undetected type 2 diabetes, and 679 (17.3%) had IGT. Of the IGT population, 412 (60.7%) subjects were eligible for the study This population had the following characteristics: the mean age was 54.8 years, 52% of the subjects were female, 53% had more than one risk factor for type 2 diabetes, >90% had a family history of diabetes, 78.2% had a BMI > or =27 kg/m2, 47.5% had high blood pressure, 51.2% had dyslipidemia, and 22.8% of the women had a history of gestational diabetes., CONCLUSIONS: Screening of a high-risk population yields one eligible subject per every 10 volunteers screened. This study should definitely answer the question of whether acarbose can prevent or delay the progression of IGT to type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Recent advances in diabetes mellitus of interest to dentistry.; Significant changes were made in 1997 by The Expert Committee on the Diagnosis and Classification of Diabetes Mellitus of the American Association of Diabetes regarding the diagnosis and classification of diabetes mellitus. The terms "insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus" (IDDM) and "non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus" (NIDDM) were dropped. The new classification is, in general, based on etiology rather than on treatment and includes four groups: Type I (autoimmune), Type 2 (non-autoimmune), Other specific types, and Gestational diabetes. The fasting blood glucose level for diagnosis was lowered from 140 mg/dL to 126 mg/dL. A random blood glucose of 200 mg/dL or greater in a patient with symptoms of diabetes is diagnostic. Each of these diagnostic tests needs to be repeated on a separate day. The glucose tolerance test is no longer recommended for routine diagnostic use. Recommendations for the screening of diabetes mellitus in presumably healthy individuals are presented. New advances in insulin and its delivery to the diabetic patient are discussed. The impact of diabetes mellitus on the oral cavity is updated.
The effectiveness of physical leisure time activities on glycaemic control in adult patients with diabetes type 2: A Systematic Review.; REVIEW QUESTION/OBJECTIVE: The objective of this systematic review is to synthesise the best available evidence on the effectiveness of physical leisure time activities on glycaemic control in adult patients with diabetes type 2. The specific review question is:What is the effectiveness of physical leisure time activities on glycaemic control in patients with diabetes type 2?, BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes results from the body's ineffective use of insulin. Diabetes is a group of diseases marked by high levels of blood glucose resulting from defects in insulin production, insulin action, or both.Type 2 diabetes was previously called non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or adult-onset diabetes. According to 2011 National Diabetes Fact Sheet, diabetes affected 25.8 million people of all ages of United States population during 2005-2008, include 18.8 million diagnosed people and seven million undiagnosed people. Among United States residents ages 65 years and older, 10.9 million, or 26.9 percent, had diabetes in 2010. Recent World Health Organization (WHO) calculations indicate diabetes kills more than one million people annually, almost 80% of which occur in low- and middle-income countries. Almost half of diabetes deaths occur in people aged under 70 years; 55% of diabetes deaths are in women. WHO projects that diabetes deaths will double between 2005 and 2030.Type 2 diabetes is associated with older age, obesity, family history of diabetes, history of gestational diabetes, impaired glucose metabolism, physical inactivity, and race. It is a common outcome of uncontrolled blood sugar and over time leads to serious complications including hypertension, blindness, kidney damage, lower-limb amputations, heart disease, and stroke. Good glycaemic control is a major goal in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus to prevent and delay those severe long-term complications. Physical activity is considered to be a substantial part of the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus, as well as diet and medication. Physical activity is a common physiological stressor that causes perturbation to glucose homeostasis and energy needs. Several studies have reported the effects of physical activity on improving insulin sensitivity, cardio-respiratory fitness, glycaemic control, and psychosocial well-being. The American Diabetes Association suggests that people with type 2 diabetes spend at least 150 minutes a week on moderate-intensity physical activity (50-70% of maximum heart rate), or at least 90 minutes a week on vigorous physical activity (>70% of maximum heart rate). Recent studies also indicate that moderate-intensity aerobic physical activity could help type 2 diabetes patients to maintain ideal glycaemic control. Boule et al found physical activity training could reduce haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) (control group vs. exercise group: 8.31% vs. 7.65%) by 0.66%. This is close to the effect of intense glucose-lowering pharmacological treatment found in the United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study. A 1% absolute decrease in the HbA1c value is associated with a 15% to 20% decrease in major cardiovascular events and a 37% reduction in microvascular complications.According to Zhao, Ford, Chaoyang's report (2011), only 25-42% of older adults with diabetes mellitus met recommendations for total physical activity based on the 2007 American Diabetes Association and 2008 Department of Health and Human Services guidelines. Various barriers to regular physical activity had been described, such as health problems, lack of time or energy, no exercise partner, lack of family support, and motivation and working time. An active lifestyle does not require complex exercise programmes. Instead, regular daily physical activity is believed to enable individuals to reduce the risk of chronic diseases and may enhance their quality of life. Recently, it has been thought that, instead of structured physical activity, lifestyle physical activity is a better alternative for diabetes patients. Moderate or vigorous lifestyle or leisure time physical activities included jogging, walking, gardening, tai chi chuan, and qigong (an ancient Chinese breathing exercise that combines aerobics, isometric and isotonic movements and meditation). According to data from recent studies, moderate physical leisure time activities for at least 60 minutes every week can effectively improve glycaemic control in patients with diabetes type 2.Those measure indicators of glycaemic control including glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), and postprandial plasma glucose (PPG) were used to assess glycaemic control in diabetic patients. HbA1c value reflects the mean plasma glucose concentration over two to three months. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and postprandial plasma glucose (PPG) reflect short-term plasma glucose change. Glycated haemoglobin is a form ofhaemoglobin that is measured primarily to identify the averageplasmaglucoseconcentration over prolonged periods of time. The fasting plasma glucose test measures fasting blood sugar levels and the postprandial plasma glucose test is often used to test the effectiveness of the body's carbohydrate metabolism and the ability to produce insulin. In 2010, Psaltopoulou et al gathered current information from meta-analyses on dietary and lifestyle practices concerning reduction of risk to develop type 2 diabetes. In 2009, Thomas et al completed a systematic review in which fourteen randomised controlled trials involving a total of 377 participants comparing exercise against no exercise in type 2 diabetes were identified. Trials ranged from eight weeks to twelve months duration. Compared with the control, the exercise intervention significantly improved glycaemic control as indicated by a decrease in glycated haemoglobin levels of 0.6%. This systematic review will differ from these two previously published reviews in that it aims to explore the effectiveness of different kinds of moderate or vigorous physical leisure time activities in improving glycaemic control in patients with diabetes type 2. A search of MEDLINE, DARE database, CINAHL, the Cochrane Library of Systematic Reviews and Joanna Briggs Institute Library of Systematic Reviews found no existing reviews or review underway on this topic.
Perioperative management of diabetic patients.; Diabetes mellitus is the most common metabolic disease. New classifications have recently been proposed by the American Diabetes Association (ADA) and the World Health Organization (WHO). Type 1 (formerly insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus IDDM) is immune-mediated and leads to absolute insulin deficiency. Type 2 diabetes (formerly non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus [NIDDM]) is a disease of adult onset and is associated with insulin resistance. Type 3 corresponds to a wide range of specific types of diabetes, including various genetic defects of beta-cell function and insulin action, diseases of exocrine pancreas, endocrinopathies, and drug-induced diabetes. Type 4 is gestational diabetes (Table 1). Diabetics undergoing surgery have increased mortality, and type 1 diabetics are particularly at risk of postoperative complications. Wound complications are increased in diabetics, and healing is severely impaired when glycemic control is poor. However, with the use of modern management plans, the major outcome measures of surgery are comparable in diabetic and nondiabetic patients. Successful management of surgery in diabetic patients requires simple and safe protocols, which are fully understood by all staff and a close liaison among the surgeons, diabetes care team, and anesthetists. There is no consensus on the optimal metabolic management of the diabetic patient during surgery. Several surveys have highlighted the inconsistency with which surgical problems are managed in diabetic patients. The aim of this article is to provide protocols to achieve sensible and practical glycemic control in diabetic patients undergoing surgery.
Effects of combination therapy with mitiglinide and voglibose on postprandial plasma glucose in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Patients with diabetes mellitus are at increased risk from cardiovascular-related morbidity and mortality as compared with healthy individuals. An association between the postprandial metabolic state and atherogenesis has been observed in patients with diabetes mellitus. In the Study to Prevent Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (STOP-NIDDM), treatment with an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor (alpha-GI) in patients with impaired glucose tolerance not only reduced the rate of conversion from impaired glucose tolerance to type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), but was also associated with a reduction in the risk of cardiovascular events. These results suggested the importance of treating postprandial hyperglycemia in the early stages of T2DM. Glinides are rapid and short-acting insulin secretagogues that bind to the sulfonylurea receptors on pancreatic beta-cells to facilitate rapid insulin secretion, restore postprandial early insulin secretion, and reduce the postprandial glucose spike. Moreover, alpha-GIs reduce postprandial hyperglycemia and insulin secretion by delaying the digestion of carbohydrates and polysaccharides in the small intestine. Then, both glinides and alpha-GI have beneficial effects for treating patients with T2DM and impaired glucose tolerance. Considering the ameliorating effects of these drugs on postprandial metabolic disorders, combinations of glinides and alpha-GI might constitute a promising therapeutic strategy for managing patients with T2DM, and also appear to be suitable for Japanese people, who consume more carbohydrates, such as polished rice, than Caucasians. It has recently been reported that combined use of mitiglinide and voglibose reduces postprandial insulin secretion and blunts diurnal glycemic changes in T2DM patients. This therapy can thus be regarded as being suitable for achieving strict postprandial glycemic control. In this report, we outline the effects of this combination therapy on postprandial plasma glucose and assess its safety.
Behind the Hospital Ward: In-Hospital Mortality of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients in Indonesia (Analysis of National Health Insurance Claim Sample Data).; The rising global prevalence of diabetes mellitus, a chronic metabolic disorder, poses significant challenges to healthcare systems worldwide. This study examined in-hospital mortality among patients diagnosed with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) of ICD-10, or Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM), in Indonesia, utilizing hospital claims data spanning from 2017 to 2022 obtained from the Indonesia Health Social Security Agency or Badan Penyelenggara Jaminan Sosial (BPJS) Kesehatan. The analysis, which included 610,809 hospitalized T2DM patients, revealed an in-hospital mortality rate of 6.6%. Factors contributing to an elevated risk of mortality included advanced age, the presence of comorbidities, and severe complications. Additionally, patients receiving health subsidies and those treated in government hospitals were found to have higher mortality risks. Geographic disparities were observed, highlighting variations in healthcare outcomes across different regions. Notably, the complication of ketoacidosis emerged as the most significant risk factor for in-hospital mortality, with an odds ratio (OR) of 10.86, underscoring the critical need for prompt intervention and thorough management of complications to improve patient outcomes.
Outpatient insulin use in type 2 diabetes mellitus and acute respiratory distress syndrome outcomes: A retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: The impact of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) on acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) is debatable. T2DM was suspected to reduce the risk and complications of ARDS. However, during coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), T2DM predisposed patients to ARDS, especially those who were on insulin at home., AIM: To evaluate the impact of outpatient insulin use in T2DM patients on non-COVID-19 ARDS outcomes., METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort analysis using the Nationwide Inpatient Sample database. Adult patients diagnosed with ARDS were stratified into insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (DM) (IDDM) and non-insulin-dependent DM (NIDDM) groups. After applying exclusion criteria and matching over 20 variables, we compared cohorts for mortality, duration of mechanical ventilation, incidence of acute kidney injury (AKI), length of stay (LOS), hospitalization costs, and other clinical outcomes., RESULTS: Following 1:1 propensity score matching, the analysis included 274 patients in each group. Notably, no statistically significant differences emerged between the IDDM and NIDDM groups in terms of mortality rates (32.8% vs 31.0%, P = 0.520), median hospital LOS (10 d, P = 0.537), requirement for mechanical ventilation, incidence rates of sepsis, pneumonia or AKI, median total hospitalization costs, or patient disposition upon discharge., CONCLUSION: Compared to alternative anti-diabetic medications, outpatient insulin treatment does not appear to exert an independent influence on in-hospital morbidity or mortality in diabetic patients with non-COVID-19 ARDS. Copyright ©The Author(s) 2024. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Association of calpain-10 polymorphisms with type 2 diabetes in the Tunisian population.; BACKGROUND: Genome-wide analyses of the genetic predisposition to type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in different isolates and populations have identified regions of interest called non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) 1, 2, 3 and 4. At the NIDDM1 locus (2q37.3), calpain-10 (CAPN10) encodes for a ubiquitously expressed protease implicated in the two fundamental pathophysiological aspects of T2DM. This is a report of the results of a study of the association of four CAPN10 polymorphisms with T2DM in the Tunisian population., PARTICIPANTS AND METHODS: A total of 222 T2DM patients with a diabetes duration of 10 years or more and 206 healthy controls were enrolled to analyze the frequency distribution of four CAPN10 polymorphisms (UCSNP-43, UCSNP-19, UCSNP-110 and UCSNP-63) using polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) in the Tunisian population. We also investigated the association of T2DM with different haplotypes and haplotype combinations., RESULTS: Only the A allele of UCSNP-43 showed an association with T2DM (odds ratio, OR=1.86). We also identified a novel combination of haplotypes (121/221) defined by three polymorphisms (UCNSP-43, -19 and -63) that is associated with an increased risk of T2DM (OR=2.38)., CONCLUSION: In this study involving the Tunisian population, we identified genetic variants within CAPN10 that are linked with T2DM and a novel haplotype combination, 121/221, associated with an increased susceptibility to T2DM.
Report of the committee on the classification and diagnostic criteria of diabetes mellitus.; CONCEPT OF DIABETES MELLITUS: Diabetes mellitus is a group of diseases associated with various metabolic disorders, the main feature of which is chronic hyperglycemia due to insufficient insulin action. Its pathogenesis involves both genetic and environmental factors. The long-term persistence of metabolic disorders can cause susceptibility to specific complications and also foster arteriosclerosis. Diabetes mellitus is associated with a broad range of clinical presentations, from being asymptomatic to ketoacidosis or coma, depending on the degree of metabolic disorder. CLASSIFICATION TABLES 1 AND 2 AND FIGURE 1: [Table: see text] [Table: see text] Figure 1 A scheme of the relationship between etiology (mechanism) and patho-physiological stages (states) of diabetes mellitus. Arrows pointing right represent worsening of glucose metabolism disorders (including onset of diabetes mellitus). Among the arrow lines, indicates the condition classified as 'diabetes mellitus'. Arrows pointing left represent improvement in the glucose metabolism disorder. The broken lines indicate events of low frequency. For example, in type 2 diabetes mellitus, infection can lead to ketoacidosis and require temporary insulin treatment for survival. Also, once diabetes mellitus has developed, it is treated as diabetes mellitus regardless of improvement in glucose metabolism, therefore, the arrow lines pointing left are filled in black. In such cases, a broken line is used, because complete normalization of glucose metabolism is rare.imageThe classification of glucose metabolism disorders is principally derived from etiology, and includes staging of pathophysiology based on the degree of deficiency of insulin action. These disorders are classified into four groups: (i) type 1 diabetes mellitus; (ii) type 2 diabetes mellitus; (iii) diabetes mellitus due to other specific mechanisms or diseases; and (iv) gestational diabetes mellitus. Type 1 diabetes is characterized by destruction of pancreatic beta-cells. Type 2 diabetes is characterized by combinations of decreased insulin secretion and decreased insulin sensitivity (insulin resistance). Glucose metabolism disorders in category (iii) are divided into two subgroups; subgroup A is diabetes in which a genetic abnormality has been identified, and subgroup B is diabetes associated with other pathologic disorders or clinical conditions. The staging of glucose metabolism includes normal, borderline and diabetic stages depending on the degree of hyperglycemia occurring as a result of the lack of insulin action or clinical condition. The diabetic stage is then subdivided into three substages: non-insulin- requiring, insulin-requiring for glycemic control, and insulin-dependent for survival. The two former conditions are called non-insulin-dependent diabetes and the latter is known as insulin-dependent diabetes. In each individual, these stages may vary according to the deterioration or the improvement of the metabolic state, either spontaneously or by treatment. DIAGNOSIS TABLES 3-7 AND FIGURE 2: [Table: see text] [Table: see text] [Table: see text] [Table: see text] [Table: see text] Figure 2 Flow chart outlining steps in the clinical diagnosis of diabetes mellitus. *The value for HbA1c (%) is indicated with 0.4% added to HbA1c (JDS) (%). imageCategories of the State of Glycemia: Confirmation of chronic hyperglycemia is essential for the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus. When plasma glucose levels are used to determine the categories of glycemia, patients are classified as having a diabetic type if they meet one of the following criteria: (i) fasting plasma glucose level of >=126 mg/dL (>=7.0 mmol/L); (ii) 2-h value of >=200 mg/dL (>=11.1 mmol/L) in 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT); or (iii) casual plasma glucose level of >=200 mg/dL (>=11.1 mmol/L). Normal type is defined as fasting plasma glucose level of <110 mg/dL (<6.1 mmol/L) and 2-h value of <140 mg/dL (<7.8 mmol/L) in OGTT. Borderline type (neither diabetic nor normal type) is defined as falling between the diabetic and normal values. According to the current revision, in addition to the earlier listed plasma glucose values, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) has been given a more prominent position as one of the diagnostic criteria. That is, (iv) HbA1c>=6.5% is now also considered to indicate diabetic type. The value of HbA1c, which is equivalent to the internationally used HbA1c (%) (HbA1c [NGSP]) defined by the NGSP (National Glycohemoglobin Standardization Program), is expressed by adding 0.4% to the HbA1c (JDS) (%) defined by the Japan Diabetes Society (JDS). Subjects with borderline type have a high rate of developing diabetes mellitus, and correspond to the combination of impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) noted by the American Diabetes Association (ADA) and WHO. Although borderline cases show few of the specific complications of diabetes mellitus, the risk of arteriosclerosis is higher than those of normal type. When HbA1c is 6.0-6.4%, suspected diabetes mellitus cannot be excluded, and when HbA1c of 5.6-5.9% is included, it forms a group with a high risk for developing diabetes mellitus in the future, even if they do not have it currently. Clinical Diagnosis: 1 If any of the criteria for diabetic type (i) through to (iv) is observed at the initial examination, the patient is judged to be 'diabetic type'. Re-examination is conducted on another day, and if 'diabetic type' is reconfirmed, diabetes mellitus is diagnosed. However, a diagnosis cannot be made only by the re-examination of HbA1c alone. Moreover, if the plasma glucose values (any of criteria [i], [ii], or [iii]) and the HbA1c (criterion [iv]) in the same blood sample both indicate diabetic type, diabetes mellitus is diagnosed based on the initial examination alone. If HbA1c is used, it is essential that the plasma glucose level (criteria [i], [ii] or [iii]) also indicates diabetic type for a diagnosis of diabetes mellitus. When diabetes mellitus is suspected, HbA1c should be measured at the same time as examination for plasma glucose.2 If the plasma glucose level indicates diabetic type (any of [i], [ii], or [iii]) and either of the following conditions exists, diabetes mellitus can be diagnosed immediately at the initial examination.* The presence of typical symptoms of diabetes mellitus (thirst, polydipsia, polyuria, weight loss)* The presence of definite diabetic retinopathy3 If it can be confirmed that the above conditions 1 or 2 existed in the past, diabetes mellitus can be diagnosed or suspected regardless of the current test results.4 If the diagnosis of diabetes cannot be established by these procedures, the patient is followed up and re-examined after an appropriate interval.5 The physician should assess not only the presence or absence of diabetes, but also its etiology and glycemic stage, and the presence and absence of diabetic complications or associated conditions. Epidemiological Study: For the purpose of estimating the frequency of diabetes mellitus, 'diabetes mellitus' can be substituted for the determination of 'diabetic type' from a single examination. In this case, HbA1c>=6.5% alone can be defined as 'diabetes mellitus'. Health Screening: It is important not to misdiagnose diabetes mellitus, and thus clinical information such as family history and obesity should be referred to at the time of screening in addition to an index for plasma glucose level. Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: There are two hyperglycemic disorders in pregnancy: (i) gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); and (ii) diabetes mellitus. GDM is diagnosed if one or more of the following criteria is met in a 75 g OGTT during pregnancy: 1 Fasting plasma glucose level of >=92 mg/dL (5.1 mmol/L)2 1-h value of >=180 mg/dL (10.0 mmol/L)3 2-h value of >=153 mg/dL (8.5 mmol/L) However, diabetes mellitus that is diagnosed by the clinical diagnosis of diabetes mellitus defined earlier is excluded from GDM. (J Diabetes Invest, doi: 10.1111/j.2040-1124.2010.00074.x, 2010).
Investigation of serum isthmin 1 concentration in pregnant women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus; a case-control study.; OBJECTIVE: Isthmin 1 (ISM1) is an adipokine that improves hyperglycemia by increasing glucose uptake in a non-insulin-dependent manner. Studies have shown that ISM is associated with the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Based on this, we aimed to investigate serum ISM1 concentrations of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)., METHODS: This case-control study was conducted with 80 pregnant women who applied to the Gynecology and Obstetrics Clinic of Umraniye Training and Research Hospital between April 2022 and November 2022. While 40 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM according to 75 g OGTT results formed the GDM group, 40 pregnant women with normal OGTT results formed the control group. The two groups were compared in terms of serum ISM1 concentrations., RESULTS: Both groups were similar in terms of demographic characteristics (p > 0.05). Fasting blood glucose levels, 1st-hour and 2nd-hour blood glucose levels in 75 g OGTT, fasting insulin levels, and HOMA-IR were significantly higher in the GDM group (p > 0.05, for each). Both groups were similar in terms of maternal waist circumference, periumbilical, and epigastric subcutaneous adipose tissue thickness (p > 0.05, for each). Both groups were similar in terms of the gestational week at blood sampling for ISM1 (p = 0.253). The median maternal serum ISM1 concentration was found to be 3243.94 pg/ml in the GDM group, while it was determined as 2785.29 pg/ml in the non-GDM group (p = 0.026). ROC analysis was performed to determine the value of maternal serum ISM1 concentration in predicting GDM. AUC analysis of maternal serum ISM1 for estimation of GDM was 0.645 (p = 0.026, 95% CI = 0.523 - 0.766). The optimal threshold value for maternal serum ISM1 concentration was determined as 3124.41 pg/ml with 62.5% sensitivity and 62.5% specificity., CONCLUSIONS: Serum ISM1 concentrations were found to be higher in pregnant women with GDM than in healthy controls. Whether or how ISM1 participates in the pathophysiology of GDM remains to be investigated.
Islet amyloid polypeptide (amylin) does not seem to be directly involved in the development of gestational diabetes mellitus.; In order to define the islet amyloid polypeptide (IAPP) levels in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and their interrelationship with the insulin levels, we studied (1) the placental RNA from 10 women (5 with GDM and 5 normals) for IAPP expression by Northern blotting and (2) 10 women with GDM during a 100-gram oral glucose tolerance test and compared these with 11 normal women matched for obesity and age. Plasma levels of glucose, IAPP, insulin, and C peptide were determined. No IAPP expression was detected in any of the placentae after a long exposure. We could not demonstrate any differences in plasma IAPP levels (basal or stimulated) between the two groups of pregnant women. However, in women with GDM we found a lower IAPP/insulin ratio (p < 0.05) and a lower maximal IAPP/maximal insulin response ratio during the oral glucose tolerance test (p < 0.05) than in normal women. Therefore, IAPP does not appear to be directly involved in the development of GDM. The peripheral levels of IAPP relative to insulin are lower in GDM, a finding similar to that described in type 2 diabetes mellitus (non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus). This observation further confirms that GDM resembles the early stages of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Report of the Committee on the classification and diagnostic criteria of diabetes mellitus.; In 1995, the Japan Diabetes Society (JDS) appointed the Committee for the Classification and Diagnosis of Diabetes Mellitus. The Committee presented a final report in May 1999 in Japanese. This is the English version with minor modifications for readers outside Japan., CONCEPT OF DIABETES MELLITUS: Diabetes mellitus represents a group of diseases of heterogeneous etiology, characterized by chronic hyperglycemia and other metabolic abnormalities, which are due to deficiency of insulin effect. After a long duration of metabolic derangement, specific complications of diabetes (retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy) may occur. Arteriosclerosis is also accelerated. Depending on the severity of the metabolic abnormality, diabetes may be asymptomatic, or may be associated with symptoms (thirst, polyuria, and weight loss), or may progress to ketoacidosis and coma., CLASSIFICATION: Both etiological classification and staging of pathophysiology by the degree of deficiency of insulin effect need to be considered. The etiological classification of diabetes and related disorders of glycemia includes, (1) type 1; (2) type 2; (3) those due to specific mechanisms and diseases; and (4) gestational diabetes mellitus. Type 1 is characterized by destructive lesions of pancreatic beta cells either by an autoimmune mechanism or of unknown cause. Type 2 diabetes is characterized by combinations of decreased insulin secretion and decreased insulin sensitivity (insulin resistance). Category (3) includes two subgroups; subgroup A is diabetes in which specific mutations have been identified as a cause of genetic susceptibility, while subgroup B is diabetes associated with other pathologic conditions or diseases. The staging of glucose metabolism includes normal, borderline and diabetic stages. The diabetic stage is further classified into three substages; non-insulin requiring, insulin-requiring for glycemic control, and insulin-dependent (ID) for survival. In each individual, these stages may vary according to the deterioration or the improvement of the metabolic state, either spontaneously or by treatment., DIAGNOSIS: The confirmation of chronic hyperglycemia is a prerequisite for the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus. The state of glycemia may be classified within three categories, diabetic type; borderline type; and normal type. Diabetic type is defined when fasting plasma glucose (FPG) is 7.0 mmol/l (126 mg/dl) or higher, and/or plasma glucose 2 h after 75 g glucose load (2hPG) is 11.1 mmol/l (200 mg/dl) or higher. A casual plasma glucose (PG) > or =11.1 mmol/l (200 mg/dl) also indicates diabetic type. Normal type is defined when FPG is below 6.1 mmol/l (110 mg/dl) and 2hPG below 7.8 mmol/l (140 mg/dl). Borderline type includes those who are neither diabetic nor normal types. These cutoff values are for venous PG measurements. The persistence of 'diabetic type' in a subject indicates that he or she has diabetes. For children, a dose of 1.75 g/kg (maximum, 75 g) is used for oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). The procedure for clinical diagnosis is as follows. Diabetes mellitus is diagnosed when hyperglycemia meeting the criteria for 'diabetic type' is shown on two or more occasions examined on separate days. Diabetes can be diagnosed by a single PG test of 'diabetic type' if one of the following three conditions co-exists, (1) typical symptoms of diabetes mellitus; (2) HbA1c > or =6.5% by a standardized method; or (3) unequivocal diabetic retinopathy. If the above conditions ((1) or (2)) have been present in the past and well documented, the subject is diagnosed either to have diabetes or to be suspected of diabetes, even if the present level of glycemia does not reach that of 'diabetic type'. If the diagnosis of diabetes cannot be established by these procedures, re-testing of PG is recommended after an appropriate interval. The physician should assess not only the presence or absence of diabetes, but also its etiology and glycemic stage, and the presence and absence of diabetic complications or associated conditions., EPIDEMIOLOGICAL ASPECTS AND SCREENING: In order to determine the prevalence of diabetes in a population, 'diabetic type' may be regarded as 'diabetes'. The use of 2hPG cutoff level of > or =11.1 mmol/l (200 mg/dl) is recommended. If this is difficult, the FPG cutoff level of > or =7.0 mmol/l (126 mg/dl) can be used, but is likely to lead to under-ascertainment. For screening, the most important point is not to overlook 'diabetes'. In addition to parameters of hyperglycemia, clinical information such as family history, obesity etc., should be regarded as indications for further testing., NORMAL TYPE AND BORDERLINE: Only FPG and 2hPG are adopted as cutoff values, but in clinical situations, it is recommended to measure PG also at 30 and 60 min during 75 g OGTT. Among people with normal type, those with 1hPG higher than 10.0 mmol/l (180 mg/dl) are at higher risk to develop diabetes than those with lower 1hPG. When OGTT is performed, the borderline type corresponds to the sum of impaired fasting glycemia (IFG) plus impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) according to the new WHO report. Subjects in this category are at higher risk of developing diabetes than those with 'normal type'. Those with low insulinogenic index (the ratio of increment of plasma insulin to that of PG at 30 min during OGTT) are at particularly high risk to develop diabetes. Microvascular complications are rare but arteriosclerotic complications are fairly frequent in this category., GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS (GDM): The current definition of GDM is ' any glucose intolerance developed or detected during pregnancy'. We adopt the proposal of the Japan Society of Gynecology and Obstetrics for the diagnosis of GDM (1984). GDM is defined when two or more values during a 75 g OGTT are higher than the following cutoff levels; FPG > or =5.5 mmol/l (100 mg/dl), 1hPG > or =10.0 mmol/l (180 mg/dl) and 2hPG > or =8.3 mmol/l (150 mg/dl). As a screening test, subjects with casual PG > or =5.5 mmol/l (100 mg/dl) are recommended for further testing. Patients who have had documented glucose intolerance before pregnancy, and who present as 'diabetic type' should be under closer supervision than those who develop GDM during pregnancy for the first time. HbA1c: There is a large overlap in the distribution of HbA1c between groups with 'normal type' and 'borderline type' and mild 'diabetic type'. Therefore, HbA1c is not a suitable parameter to detect mild glucose intolerance. HbA1c higher than 6.5% suggests diabetes, but HbA1c below 6.5% alone should not be taken as evidence against the diagnosis of diabetes. COMPARISON WITH REPORTS OF AMERICAN DIABETES ASSOCIATION (ADA) IN 1997 AND WHO IN 1999: The present report is unique in the following points when compared with those of the ADA 'Diabetes Care 20 (1997) 1183' and WHO 'Report of a WHO Consultation (1999)'. (1) Diabetes due to specific mechanisms and diseases is divided into two subgroups; diabetes in which genetic susceptibility is clarified at the DNA level and diabetes associated with other diseases or conditions. (2) Cutoff PG levels are the same as those of ADA and WHO, but a term 'type' is added to each glycemic category, because a single coding of 'diabetic type' hyperglycemia does not define diabetes. Diabetes is diagnosed when 'diabetic type' hyperglycemia is shown on two or more occasions. (3) A single 'diabetic type' hyperglycemia is considered sufficient for the diagnosis of diabetes, if the patient has typical symptoms, HbA1c > or =6.5%, or diabetic retinopathy. (4) OGTT is recommended for those with mild hyperglycemia, because FPG criteria alone would overlook many subjects with 'diabetic type' in Japan. High 1hPG without elevation of FPG and 2hPG is also considered to be a risk factor for future diabetes. (5) Borderline type in the present report corresponds to the sum of IFG and IGT by WHO when OGTT is performed. (6) New criteria for GDM by OGTT are proposed.
Low Carbohydrate-Diet Scores and Long-term Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Among Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVE: Low-carbohydrate diets (LCDs) may improve short-term glycemic control in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), but the long-term effect on progression from GDM to type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is unknown. We aimed to examine the long-term risk of T2DM in association with a low-carbohydrate dietary pattern among women with a history of GDM., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Overall, 4,502 women with a history of GDM from the Nurses' Health Study II (NHSII) cohort, as part of the Diabetes & Women's Health (DWH) study, were followed up from 1991 to 2011. Overall, animal, or vegetable LCD scores, which represent adherence to different low-carbohydrate dietary patterns, were calculated using diet intake information assessed every 4 years since 1991 by validated food-frequency questionnaires. We used Cox proportional hazards models to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs., RESULTS: We documented 722 incident cases of T2DM during 68,897 person-years of observation. The multivariable-adjusted HRs (95% CIs) of T2DM, comparing the highest with lowest quintiles, were 1.36 (1.04-1.78) for overall LCD score (P = 0.003 for trend), 1.40 (1.06-1.84) for animal LCD score (P = 0.004 for trend), and 1.19 (0.91-1.55) for vegetable LCD score (P = 0.50 for trend)., CONCLUSIONS: Among women with a history of GDM, a low-carbohydrate dietary pattern, particularly with high protein and fat intake mainly from animal-source foods, is associated with higher T2DM risk, whereas a low-carbohydrate dietary pattern with high protein and fat intake from plant-source foods is not significantly associated with risk of T2DM. Copyright © 2016 by the American Diabetes Association. Readers may use this article as long as the work is properly cited, the use is educational and not for profit, and the work is not altered.
Physical activity and sedentary behaviors associated with risk of progression from gestational diabetes mellitus to type 2 diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study.; IMPORTANCE: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at substantially increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The identification of important modifiable factors could help prevent T2DM in this high-risk population., OBJECTIVE: To examine the role of physical activity and television watching and other sedentary behaviors, and changes in these behaviors in the progression from GDM to T2DM., DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Prospective cohort study of 4554 women from the Nurses' Health Study II who had a history of GDM, as part of the ongoing Diabetes & Women's Health Study. These women were followed up from 1991 to 2007., EXPOSURES: Physical activity and television watching and other sedentary behaviors were assessed in 1991, 1997, 2001, and 2005., MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURE: Incident T2DM identified through self-report and confirmed by supplemental questionnaires., RESULTS: We documented 635 incident T2DM cases during 59,287 person-years of follow-up. Each 5-metabolic equivalent hours per week (MET-h/wk) increment of total physical activity, which is equivalent to 100 minutes per week of moderate-intensity physical activity, was related to a 9% lower risk of T2DM (adjusted relative risk [RR], 0.91; 95% CI, 0.88-0.94); this inverse association remained significant after additional adjustment for body mass index (BMI). Moreover, an increase in physical activity was associated with a lower risk of developing T2DM. Compared with women who maintained their total physical activity levels, women who increased their total physical activity levels by 7.5 MET-h/wk or more (equivalent to 150 minutes per week of moderate-intensity physical activity) had a 47% lower risk of T2DM (RR, 0.53; 95% CI, 0.38-0.75); the association remained significant after additional adjustment for BMI. The multivariable adjusted RRs (95% CIs) for T2DM associated with television watching of 0 to 5, 6 to 10, 11 to 20, and 20 or more hours per week were 1 (reference), 1.28 (1.04-1.59), 1.41 (1.11-1.79), and 1.77 (1.28-2.45), respectively (P value for trend <.001); additional adjustment for BMI attenuated the association., CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Increasing physical activity may lower the risk of progression from GDM to T2DM. These findings suggest a hopeful message to women with a history of GDM, although they are at exceptionally high risk for T2DM, promoting an active lifestyle may lower the risk.
Healthful dietary patterns and type 2 diabetes mellitus risk among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has reached epidemic proportions. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk for T2DM after pregnancy. Adherence to healthful dietary patterns has been inversely associated with T2DM in the general population; however, whether these dietary patterns are associated with progression to T2DM among a susceptible population is unknown., METHODS: Four thousand four hundred thirteen participants from the Nurses' Health Study II cohort with prior GDM were followed up from 1991 to 2005. We derived the alternate Mediterranean diet (aMED), Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), and alternate Healthy Eating Index (aHEI) dietary pattern adherence scores from a post-GDM validated food-frequency questionnaire, with cumulative average updating every 4 years. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models estimated the relative risk (hazard ratios) and 95% confidence intervals., RESULTS: We observed 491 cases of incident T2DM during 52 743 person-years. All 3 patterns were inversely associated with T2DM risk with adjustment for age, total calorie intake, age at first birth, parity, ethnicity, parental diabetes, oral contraceptive use, menopause, and smoking. When we compared participants with the highest adherence (quartile 4) vs lowest (quartile 1), the aMED pattern was associated with 40% lower risk of T2DM (hazard ratio, 0.60 [95% CI, 0.44-0.82; P=.002]); the DASH pattern, with 46% lower risk (0.54 [0.39-0.73; P.001]); and the aHEI pattern, with 57% lower risk (0.43 [0.31-0.59; P.001]). Adjustment for body mass index moderately attenuated these findings., CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to healthful dietary patterns is associated with lower T2DM risk among women with a history of GDM. The inverse associations are partly mediated by body mass index.
Maternal Cognitive Impairment Associated with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-A Review of Potential Contributing Mechanisms.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) carries many risks, where high blood pressure, preeclampsia and future type II diabetes are widely acknowledged, but less focus has been placed on its effect on cognitive function. Although the multifactorial pathogenesis of maternal cognitive impairment is not completely understood, it shares several features with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). In this review, we discuss some key pathophysiologies of GDM that may lead to cognitive impairment, specifically hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, oxidative stress, and neuroinflammation. We explain how these incidents: (i) impair the insulin-signaling pathway and/or (ii) lead to cognitive impairment through hyperphosphorylation of tau protein, overexpression of amyloid-beta and/or activation of microglia. The aforementioned pathologies impair the insulin-signaling pathway primarily through serine phosphorylation of insulin receptor substances (IRS). This then leads to the inactivation of the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Protein kinase B (PI3K/AKT) signaling cascade, which is responsible for maintaining brain homeostasis and normal cognitive functioning. PI3K/AKT is crucial in maintaining normal cognitive function through the inactivation of glycogen synthase kinase 3beta (GSkappa3beta), which hyperphosphorylates tau protein and releases pro-inflammatory cytokines that are neurotoxic. Several biomarkers were also highlighted as potential biomarkers of GDM-related cognitive impairment such as AGEs, serine-phosphorylated IRS-1 and inflammatory markers such as tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), leptin, interleukin 1beta (IL-1beta), and IL-6. Although GDM is a transient disease, its complications may be long-term, and hence increased mechanistic knowledge of the molecular changes contributing to cognitive impairment may provide important clues for interventional strategies.
Rationale, design, and methodology for the optimizing outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and their infants study.; BACKGROUND: Women who are diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for developing prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). To date, there have been few interdisciplinary interventions that target predominantly ethnic minority low-income women diagnosed with GDM. This paper describes the rationale, design and methodology of a 2-year, randomized, controlled study being conducted in North Carolina., METHODS/DESIGN: Using a two-group, repeated measures, experimental design, we will test a 14- week intensive intervention on the benefits of breastfeeding, understanding gestational diabetes and risk of progression to prediabetes and T2DM, nutrition and exercise education, coping skills training, physical activity (Phase I), educational and motivational text messaging and 3 months of continued monthly contact (Phase II). A total of 100 African American, non-Hispanic white, and bilingual Hispanic women between 22-36 weeks of pregnancy who are diagnosed with GDM and their infants will be randomized to either the experimental group or the wait-listed control group. The first aim of the study is to determine the feasibility of the intervention. The second aim of study is to test the effects of the intervention on maternal outcomes from baseline (22-36 weeks pregnant) to 10 months postpartum. Primary maternal outcomes will include fasting blood glucose and weight (BMI) from baseline to 10 months postpartum. Secondary maternal outcomes will include clinical, adiposity, health behaviors and self-efficacy outcomes from baseline to 10 months postpartum. The third aim of the study is to quantify the effects of the intervention on infant feeding and growth. Infant outcomes will include weight status and breastfeeding from birth through 10 months of age. Data analysis will include general linear mixed-effects models. Safety endpoints include adverse event reporting., DISCUSSION: Findings from this trial may lead to an effective intervention to assist women diagnosed with GDM to improve maternal glucose homeostasis and weight as well as stabilize infant growth trajectory, reducing the burden of metabolic disease across two generations., TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01809431.
Feasibility of a Lifestyle Intervention Program for Prevention of Diabetes Among Women With Prior Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (LIVING Study) in South Asia: A Formative Research Study.; Aim: To refine and contextually adapt a postpartum lifestyle intervention for prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Bangladesh, India, and Sri Lanka. Materials and Methods: In-depth interviews (IDIs) and focus group discussions (FGDs) were conducted with women with current diagnosis of GDM, and health care professionals involved in their management, to understand relevant local contextual factors for intervention optimization and implementation. This paper describes facilitators and barriers as well as feedback from participants on how to improve the proposed intervention. These factors were grouped and interpreted along the axes of the three main determinants of behavior-capability, opportunity, and motivation. IDIs and FGDs were digitally recorded, transcribed, and translated. Data-driven inductive thematic analysis was undertaken to identify and analyze patterns and themes. Results: Two interrelated themes emerged from the IDIs and FGDs: (i) The lifestyle intervention was acceptable and considered to have the potential to improve the existing model of care for women with GDM; and (ii) Certain barriers such as reduced priority of self-care, and adverse societal influences postpartum need to be addressed for the improvement of GDM care. Based on the feedback, the intervention was optimized by including messages for family members in the content of the intervention, providing options for both text and voice messages as reminders, and finalizing the format of the intervention session delivery. Conclusion:  This study highlights the importance of contextual factors in influencing postpartum care and support for women diagnosed with GDM in three South Asian countries. It indicates that although provision of postpartum care is complex, a group lifestyle intervention program is highly acceptable to women with GDM, as well as to health care professionals, at urban hospitals. Copyright © 2020 Tewari, Praveen, Madhira, Josyula, Joshi, Kokku, Garg, Rawal, Chopra, Chakma, Ahmed, Pathmeswaran, Godamunne, Lata, Sahay, Patel, Gupta, Tandon, Naheed, Patel and Kapoor.
Insertion and deletion polymorphism in the alpha-2B adrenoceptor gene in pregnant women ripens gestational diabetes mellitus.; There are no earlier studies that reported the association of the 12Glu9 polymorphism in the alpha-2B adrenoceptor (ADRA2B) gene with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We examined the potential association between the ADRA2B gene insertion/deletion (I/D) polymorphism in the Saudi population with GDM. Pregnant women with GDM have been reported to exhibit the same susceptibility as that observed in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We have selected I/D polymorphism of the ADRA2B gene located in chromosome 2q11.1 that has been extensively related to T2DM and cardiovascular diseases. This case-control study was conducted with 200 GDM and 300 non-GDM pregnant women. Genotyping of I/D polymorphism was performed by conventional PCR method. Biochemical analyses were found to be significantly different between GDM and non-GDM subjects (p < 0.05). Genotype (ID + DD vs II, p = 0.0002) and allele (D vs I, p = 0.0002) frequencies of the 12Glu9 polymorphism were found to be statistically significant. However, a significant difference was found between allele and genotypes of I/D polymorphism of the ADRA2B gene or the clinical characteristics of the subjects. Our results obtained in this study indicate the ADRA2B gene in the Saudi women was associated with the development of GDM.
Chinese women's attitudes towards postpartum interventions to prevent type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes: a semi-structured qualitative study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is a global problem affecting millions of pregnant women, including in mainland China. These women are at high risk of Type II diabetes (T2DM). Cost-effective and clinically effective interventions are needed. We aimed to explore Chinese women's perspectives, concerns and motivations towards participation in early postpartum interventions and/or research to prevent the development of T2DM after a GDM-affected pregnancy., METHODS: We conducted a qualitative study in two hospitals in Chengdu, Southwest China. Face-to-face semi-structured interviews were conducted with 20 women with recent experience of GDM: 16 postpartum women and 4 pregnant women. Women were asked about their attitudes towards postpartum screening for type 2 diabetes, lifestyle interventions, mHealth delivered interventions and pharmacologic interventions (specifically metformin). An inductive approach to analysis was used. Interviews were recorded, transcribed, and coded using NVivo 12 Pro., RESULTS: Most women held positive attitudes towards participating in T2DM screening, and were willing to participate in postpartum interventions to prevent T2DM through lifestyle change or mHealth interventions. Women were less likely to agree to pharmacological intervention, unless they had family members with diabetes or needed medication themselves during pregnancy. We identified seven domains influencing women's attitudes towards future interventions: (1) experiences with the health system during pregnancy; (2) living in an enabling environment; (3) the experience of T2DM in family members; (4) knowledge of diabetes and perception of risk; (5) concerns about personal and baby health; (6) feelings and emotions, and (7) lifestyle constraints. Those with more severe GDM, an enabling environment and health knowledge, and with experience of T2DM in family members expressed more favourable views of postpartum interventions and research participation to prevent T2DM after GDM. Those who perceived themselves as having mild GDM and those with time/lifestyle constraints were less likely to participate., CONCLUSIONS: Women with experiences of GDM in Chengdu are generally willing to participate in early postpartum interventions and/or research to reduce their risk of T2DM, with a preference for non-drug, mHealth based interventions, integrating lifestyle change strategies, blood glucose monitoring, postpartum recovery and mental health.
Long-term risk of type 2 diabetes in relation to habitual iron intake in women with a history of gestational diabetes: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: An iron overload may induce pancreatic islet damage and increase risk of diabetes. Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) after pregnancy., OBJECTIVE: We aimed to examine the association of habitual iron intake with long-term risk of T2DM in this high-risk population., DESIGN: We included 3976 women with a history of GDM from the Nurses' Health Study II cohort as part of the ongoing Diabetes & Women's Health Study. The women were followed up through 2009. Iron intake was assessed with the use of a validated food-frequency questionnaire in 1991 and every 4 y thereafter. We used Cox proportional hazards models to estimate HRs and 95% CIs., RESULTS: We documented 641 incident T2DM cases during 57,683 person-years of observation. Adjusted HRs for T2DM for the highest quartile compared with the lowest quartile were 1.64 (95% CI: 1.20, 2.25; P-trend = 0.02) for total iron intake and 1.80 (95% CI: 1.18, 2.74; P-trend = 0.005) for dietary heme iron intake. In addition, women who consumed >=30.0 mg supplemental Fe/d, compared with nonusers, had an adjusted HR of 1.83 (95% CI: 1.25, 2.70; P-trend = 0.002)., CONCLUSION: In women with a history of GDM, greater intakes of total iron, dietary heme iron, and supplemental iron were associated with higher risk of T2DM. Copyright © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Gestational age, infant birth weight, and subsequent risk of type 2 diabetes in mothers: Nurses' Health Study II.; INTRODUCTION: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM); however, little is known about the association between other common pregnancy complications (eg, preterm birth, macrosomia) and T2DM risk. We examined the associations between first-pregnancy preterm, postterm birth, low birth weight, and macrosomia with subsequent risk of T2DM., METHODS: We conducted a prospective cohort study of Nurses' Health Study II (NHSII) participants; 51,728 women in the study had a single live birth and complete pregnancy history. NHSII confirmed incident diabetes mellitus through supplemental questionnaires. Participants were followed from year of first birth until 2005. We defined gestational age as very preterm (20 to <=32 weeks), moderate preterm (33 to <=37 weeks), term (38 to <=42 weeks), and postterm (>=43 weeks). We defined low birth weight as an infant born at term weighing less than 5.5 pounds, and we defined macrosomia as an infant born at term weighing 10 pounds or more. We used Cox proportional hazards models, adjusting for potential confounders., RESULTS: Women with a very preterm birth (2%) had an increased T2DM risk (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.34; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.05-1.71). This increased risk emerged in the decade following pregnancy. Macrosomia (1.5%) was associated with a 1.61 increased T2DM risk, after adjusting for risk factors, including GDM (95% CI, 1.24-2.08). This association was apparent within the first 5 years after pregnancy. Moderate preterm and term low birth weight did not significantly increase the risk of T2DM over the 35-year follow-up time., CONCLUSION: Women who experienced a very preterm birth or had an infant that weighed 10 pounds or more may benefit from lifestyle intervention to reduce T2DM risk. If replicated, these findings could lead to a reduced risk of T2DM through improved primary care for women experiencing a preterm birth or an infant of nonnormal birth weight.
Barriers and facilitating factors in the prevention of diabetes type II and gestational diabetes in vulnerable groups: protocol for a scoping review.; BACKGROUND: There is a significant worldwide increase in type 2 diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes (T2DM/GDM) linked to a range of associated comorbidities and rising healthcare costs. It has been shown that an increase in physical activity, healthy nutrition, and weight loss may prevent or delay T2DM/GDM manifestation. Despite this, it remains a key challenge to reach various populations, in particular so-called vulnerable groups, mostly with a migration background and/or low socio-economic status., METHODS/DESIGN: We will conduct a scoping review to identify barriers and facilitating factors in the prevention of T2DM/GDM in vulnerable groups. An electronic literature search will be performed in MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, PSYNDEX, Social Science Citation Index, and CINAHL. Two reviewers will independently select studies for inclusion. Extracted data will be charted, categorized, and summarized., DISCUSSION: The results will be used to inform the National education and communication strategy on diabetes mellitus in Germany. In particular, the results will be discussed in focus groups of experts to develop recommendations for developing preventive measures targeting vulnerable groups., SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: PROSPERO does not register scoping reviews.
Factors influencing postpartum blood glucose screening among women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus in a rural community.; AIMS: The aims of the present study were: a) to investigate the current state of postpartum glucose screening in rural China; and b) to explore the factors influencing postpartum blood glucose screening among women with prior GDM based on Andersen's behavioural model of health service use., DESIGN: A multisite, cross-sectional study design, conducted from November 2017 to January 2018., METHODS: A total of 465 women with prior GDM were included from two county-level hospitals in rural China. The potential influencing factors for postpartum blood glucose screening based on Andersen's behavioural model, including predisposing, enabling, and need factors, were collected by self-reported questionnaires. Chi-square tests and logistic regression were used to explore the influence of these factors on whether screening of blood glucose level after delivery occurred., RESULTS: The mean age of the women was 31.92 years old (SD 5.16) and the mean time after delivery was 16.73 months (SD 15.07). The postpartum glucose screening proportion was 32.7%. Women who did not have a full-time job (p= .011) (predisposing factor), had not received any treatment for GDM (p= .002), and were not informed about screening plans for diabetes by health professionals (p < .001) (enabling factor) were less likely to engage in postpartum glucose screening. The need factor, high actual risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), was not associated with postpartum blood glucose screening (p> .05)., CONCLUSIONS: In rural China, most women with prior GDM were not screened for T2DM after delivery. The women with prior GDM who did not have a full-time job or had not received any prior treatment for GDM should be the target population for health education on postpartum glucose screening., IMPACT: There is a need for data on postpartum blood glucose testing rates among rural women. Future interventions aimed at increasing postpartum blood glucose screening are needed. Copyright © 2020 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Nonenzymatic glycosylation of human serum albumin and its effect on antibodies profile in patients with diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Albumin glycation and subsequent formation of advanced glycation end products (AGEs) correlate with diabetes and associated complications., METHODS: Human Serum Albumin (HSA) was modified with D-glucose for a 40 day period under sterile conditions at 37degreeC. Modified samples along with native HSA (unmodified) were analyzed for structural modifications by UV and fluorescence, FTIR, Liquid chromatography mass spectrometry (LCMS) and X-ray crystallography. New-Zealand white female rabbits immunized with AGEs, represent auto-antibodies formation as assessed by competitive and direct binding enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Neo-epitopesagainst In-vitro formed AGEs were characterized in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 (n = 50), type 1 (n = 50), gestational diabetes (n = 50) and type 2 with chronic kidney disease (CKD) with eGFR level 60-89 mL/min (n = 50) from serum direct binding ELISA., RESULTS: Glycated-HSA showed amarked increase in hyperchromicity of 65.82%,71.98%, 73.62% and 76.63% at lambda280 nm along with anincreasein fluorescence intensity of 65.82%, 71.98%, 73.62% and 76.63% in glycated-HSA compared to native. FTIR results showed theshifting of Amide I peak from 1656 cm_1 to 1659 cm_1 and Amide II peak from 1554 cm_1 to 1564 cm_1 in glycated-HSA, with anew peak appearance of carbonyl group at 1737 cm-1. LCMS chromatogram of glycated-HSA showed thepresence of carboxymethyl lysine (CML) at 279.1 m/z. Immunological analysis showed high antibody titre>1:12,800 in theserum of rabbits immunized with glycated-HSA (modified with 400 mg/dL glucose) and inhibition of 84.65% at anantigen concentration of 20mug/mL. Maximum serum auto-antibody titre was found in T2DM (0.517+/-0.086), T1DM (0.108+/-0.092), GDM (0.611+/-0.041) and T2DM+CKD (0.096+/-0.25) patients immunized with glycated-HSA (modified with 400 mg/dL glucose)., CONCLUSIONS: Non-enzymatic glycosylation of HSA manifests immunological complications in diabetes mellitus due to change in its structure that enhances neo-epitopes generation.
Diabetes & Women's Health (DWH) Study: an observational study of long-term health consequences of gestational diabetes, their determinants and underlying mechanisms in the USA and Denmark.; PURPOSE: Women who experience gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at exceptionally high-risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM) later in life. However, limited information is available about genetic and environmental factors that are implicated in the progression from GDM to T2DM., PARTICIPANTS: The Diabetes & Women's Health (DWH) Study applied a hybrid design, which combined new prospective data collection with existing data in two prospective cohorts, the Danish National Birth Cohort (DNBC) and the Nurses' Health Study II (NHS II). In total, the DWH Study identified 7759 women with a GDM diagnosis from both cohorts; 4457 women participated in the DWH Study data collection, which included two cycles of follow-up from 2012 to 2014 and 2014 to 2016., FINDINGS TO DATE: Progression from GDM to T2DM was high. In the NHS II group, by 2013, 23.1% (n=846/3667) developed T2DM. In the DNBC group, at cycle 1 (2012-2014), the progression rate was even higher: 27.2% (n=215/790) had developed T2DM. Furthermore, we have shown that women who had GDM experienced a significantly greater risk of hypertension and cardiovascular diseases, as well as early stages of glomerular hyperfiltration and renal damage. Moreover, the DWH Study findings have shown that healthful diet and lifestyle factors and weight control were related to a lower risk of T2DM, hypertension and cardiovascular diseases., FUTURE PLANS: Primary data collection for the DWH Study is complete and investigators are currently investigating interactions of the abovementioned modifiable factors with T2DM genetic susceptibility in determining the risk of progression from GDM to T2DM. Findings from ongoing work will provide further insights for identifying more precise prevention strategies for T2DM and comorbidities in this high-risk population. Future work will examine novel biomarkers of health and disease in this cohort. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Unmet needs of women with GDM: a health needs assessment in Sandwell, West Midlands.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects over 4% of pregnancies in England. We investigated GDM epidemiology within ethnically diverse population and the current offer of services to women with previous GDM to reduce their type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) risk., METHODS: (i) Analysis of routinely collected maternity data examining GDM incidence and risk factors; (ii) local authority self-assessment questionnaire on public health interventions targeting women with previous GDM and (iii) service development discussions regarding the current pathway and areas for improvement., RESULTS: Of 9390 births between 2014 and 2018, 6.8% had a record of GDM. High body mass index (BMI), maternal age, and ethnicity (South Asian and some mixed ethnic backgrounds) were independent predictors of GDM. There were no public health commissioned services specifically targeting women with previous GDM. Weaknesses in transition from secondary to primary care and areas for improvement when screening for GDM were identified., CONCLUSIONS: GDM burden in this population was high. Awareness should be raised on the importance of regular glucose testing and lifestyle modification to delay or prevent progression to T2DM, particularly within high risk groups. The potential for health visitors to contribute to this should be explored. Commissioners should review evidence to develop a flexible lifestyle services model to meet the specific needs of these women. Copyright © The Author(s) 2019. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of Faculty of Public Health. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Shared genomics of type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common complications of pregnancy and the prevalence of GDM is increasing worldwide. Short- and long-term complications of GDM on mothers and fetuses are well-recognized. These include more than seven-fold higher risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) later in life in women with GDM than those without. Evidence supports that GDM shares several risk factors with T2DM, including genetic risks. This chapter reviewed studies on candidate genes shared by T2DM and GDM published from 1990 to 2011. At least 20 susceptible genes of T2DM have been studied in women with GDM in various races. Results from current association studies on T2DM susceptible genes in GDM have shown significant heterogeneity There may be primary evidence that polymorphisms of susceptible genes of T2DM such as transcription factor 7-like 2 (TCF7L2) gene, potassium channel voltage-gate KQT-like subfamily member 1 (KCNQ1) gene, and cyclin-dependent kinase 5 regulatory subunit-associated protein 1-like 1 (CDKAL1) gene, may increase risk of GDM. Associations between GDM and many genetic variants have led to different findings across populations. Many genetic polymorphisms related to GDM were investigated in a single study or a single population. Replication studies to verify contributions of both common and rare genetic variants for GDM and T2DM in specific racial/ethnic groups are needed.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and the role of intercurrent type 2 diabetes on long-term risk of cardiovascular events.; Recent studies have shown that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk for cardiovascular disease. GDM has also been shown to be a risk factor for type 2 diabetes (T2DM) after pregnancy. However, there is limited evidence regarding the role of intercurrent T2DM on the relationship between GDM and future CVD. Thus, we investigated the risks of incident cardiovascular events among women with GDM during pregnancy compared to women without GDM and whether the increased CVD risk is dependent on intercurrent development of T2DM. We conducted a population-based retrospective cohort study using the Korean National Health Insurance Service claims database. Outcomes were the first occurrence of any CVD (myocardial infarction, treatment with coronary revascularization, heart failure, and cerebrovascular disease). Cox proportional hazard models were used to assess the association between GDM and incident CVD events, using landmark analysis at 4 years. A total of 1,500,168 parous women were included in the analysis, of which 159,066 (10.60%) had GDM. At a median follow-up of 12.8 years, 13,222 incident cases of total CVD were observed. Multivariable-adjusted hazard ratio for total CVD among women with prior GDM, compared with those without GDM, was 1.08 (95% CI 1.02-1.14). Further classifying GDM by progression to T2DM in relation to total CVD risk indicated a positive association for GDM with progression to T2DM vs no GDM or T2DM (HR 1.74; 95% CI 1.40-2.15), and no statistically significant association for GDM only (HR 1.06; 95% CI 1.00-1.12). GDM with subsequent progression to T2DM were linked with an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases. These findings highlight the need for more vigilant postpartum screening for diabetes and the implementation of diabetes interventions in women with a history of GDM to reduce future CVD risk. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Role of Type 2 Diabetes in Determining Retinal, Renal, and Cardiovascular Outcomes in Women With Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Women who have gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have elevated lifetime risks for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD), compared with their peers. However, it is not known whether their risk of CVD is dependent upon the development of T2DM. Thus, we sought to evaluate the role of T2DM in determining vascular outcomes in women with previous GDM., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: All women in Ontario, Canada, with a live-birth pregnancy between April 1994 and March 2014 (n = 1,515,079) were stratified into the following four groups: women with GDM in whom T2DM subsequently developed (n = 15,585, median age 32 years); those with GDM in whom T2DM did not develop (n = 41,299; median age 32 years); women who did not have GDM but in whom T2DM developed (n = 49,397; median age 31 years); and those with neither GDM nor T2DM (n = 1,408,798; median age 30 years). Women were followed over a median time of 10.0 years for the development of microvascular and macrovascular outcomes., RESULTS: Among women who had GDM, only those in whom T2DM developed had an increased risk of vitrectomy/photocoagulation (hazard ratio [HR] 4.49, 95% CI 3.90-5.17), renal dialysis (HR 7.52, 5.24-10.81), and hospitalization for foot infection (HR 4.32, 3.42-5.46) (all P < 0.0001). However, for macrovascular outcomes, both women with GDM in whom T2DM developed and those in whom T2DM did not develop had increased risks of CVD (HR 2.82; 2.41-3.30; P < 0.0001; and HR 1.30; 1.07-1.59; P = 0.008, respectively) and coronary artery disease (HR 3.54; 2.96-4.23; P < 0.0001; and HR 1.41; 1.11-1.80; P = 0.005, respectively), although absolute event rates were very low., CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM have an elevated risk of cardiovascular outcomes, even in the absence of T2DM. In contrast, microvascular risk emerges only in those in whom T2DM develops. Copyright © 2017 by the American Diabetes Association.
CDKAL1 gene rs7756992 A/G and rs7754840 G/C polymorphisms are associated with gestational diabetes mellitus in a sample of Bangladeshi population: implication for future T2DM prophylaxis.; BACKGROUND: Association of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) rs7756992 A/G and rs7754840 G/C of cyclin-dependent kinase 5 regulatory subunit-associated protein 1-like 1 (CDKAL1) gene with the susceptibility of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been studied in a group of Bangladeshi women., METHODS: In this case-control study, 212 GDM patients and 256 control subjects were genotyped for rs7756992 and rs7754840 by PCR-RFLP and TaqMan TM allelic discrimination assay method respectively. Genotyping results were confirmed by DNA sequencing and replicated TaqMan TM assay. The odds ratios and their 95% confidence interval were calculated by logistic regression to determine the associations between genotypes and GDM., RESULTS: The genotype frequencies of rs7756992-AA/AG/GG in the GDM group and the control group were 37%/48%, 53%/45%, 10%/7% and those of rs7754840-CC/CG/GG were 51%/55%, 40.1%/39.8%, 9%/5% respectively. Under dominant and log additive models rs7756992 was revealed significantly associated with GDM after being adjusted for family history of diabetes (FHD) and gravidity. Conversely, rs7754840 was significantly associated (P = 0.047) with GDM only under the recessive model after the same adjustment. The risk allele frequency of both SNPs was higher in the GDM group but significantly (P = 0.029) increased prevalence was observed in the rs7756992 G allele. When positive FHD and risk alleles of these SNPs were synergistically present in any pregnant woman, the chance of developing GDM was augmented by many folds. The codominant model revealed 2.5 and 2.1 folds increase in odds by AG (rs7756992) and GC (rs7754840) genotypes and 3.7 and 4.5 folds by GG (rs7756992) and CC (rs7754840) genotypes respectively. A significant 2.7 folds (P = 0.038) increase in odds of GDM resulted from the interaction of rs7756992 and family history of diabetes under the dominant model. The cumulative effect of multigravidity and risk alleles of these SNPs increased the odds of GDM more than 1.5 folds in different genotypes., CONCLUSION: This study not only revealed a significant association between rs7756992 and rs7754840 with GDM but also provided the possibility as potential markers for foretelling about GDM and type 2 diabetes mellitus in Bangladeshi women. Copyright © 2022. The Author(s).
Role of fibroblast growth factor 21 in gestational diabetes mellitus: A mini-review.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance with onset or first diagnosis during pregnancy, but not to the level of being diagnostic for diabetes in a nonpregnant adult. In GDM, whole-body insulin-dependent glucose disposal decreases by 40%-60% which necessitates a 200%-250% increase in insulin secretion to maintain normoglycaemia. GDM develops when a pregnant woman does not produce sufficient insulin to compensate for the reduced glucose disposal. Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) is a hormone that is expressed predominantly in the liver, but also in other metabolically active tissues such as pancreas, skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. In animals, FGF21 lowers blood glucose levels and inhibits glucagon secretion. In humans, circulating FGF21 levels are increased in insulin-resistant morbidities such as obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). An elevated FGF21 level is also an independent predictor of T2DM. GDM and T2DM are proposed to have similar underlying pathophysiologies, raising the question of whether a similar relationship exists between FGF21 and GDM as it does with T2DM. There are a limited number of studies investigating FGF21 levels in patients with GDM. Moreover, recent clinical trials investigating the therapeutic potential of FGF21 have highlighted a major gap in our understanding of the biology of FGF21. This review evaluates what is currently known about FGF21 and GDM and highlights important gaps that warrant further research. Copyright © 2018 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Association of the CDKAL1 gene polymorphism with gestational diabetes mellitus in Chinese women.; INTRODUCTION: To identify the association of the cyclin-dependent kinase 5 regulatory subunit associated protein 1-like 1 (CDKAL1) gene polymorphism with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the Chinese population., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This case-control study enrolled 835 pregnant women with GDM and 870 pregnant women without diabetes who underwent antenatal examination during 24 to 28 gestational weeks at the Maternal and Child Health Hospital of Hubei Province from January 15, 2018 to March 31, 2019. Trained nurses collected their clinical information and blood samples. CDKAL1 gene rs10440833, rs10946398, rs4712523, rs4712524, rs7754840, rs7756992 and rs9465871 loci were genotyped by Agena MassARRAY system. SPSS V.26.0 software and online SHesis were used to analyze the relationship between CDKAL1 gene polymorphism and GDM susceptibility., RESULTS: After being adjusted for maternal age, prepregnancy body mass index (BMI), parity and family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), CDKAL1 gene rs10440833 (AA vs TT, OR=1.631, 95% CI 1.192 to 2.232), rs10946398 (CC vs AA, OR=1.400, 95% CI 1.028 to 1.905), rs4712523 (GG vs AA, OR=1.409, 95% CI 1.038 to 1.913), rs4712524 (GG vs AA, OR=1.418, 95% CI 1.043 to 1.929) and rs7754840 (CC vs GG, OR=1.407, 95% CI 1.036 to 1.911) polymorphisms were all associated with the increased risk of GDM. In addition, there was a powerful linkage disequilibrium (LD) among rs10946398, rs4712523, rs4712524 and rs7754840 (D'>0.900, r2>0.900). And there were significant differences in haplotype CGGC (OR=1.207, 95% CI 1.050 to 1.387) and AAAG (OR=0.829, 95% CI 0.721 o 0.952, p=0.008) between the GDM group and the control group., CONCLUSIONS: rs10440833, rs10946398, rs4712523, rs4712524 and rs7754840 of CDKAL1 gene are associated with GDM susceptibility in central Chinese population. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2023. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Incretins, Pregnancy, and Gestational Diabetes.; The number of pregnant women affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing among Caucasians, and East Asians. GDM also increases the risk for later advent of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), obesity, and cardiovascular disease in both women and their offspring. The underlying mechanism of GDM is not fully elucidated. Incretins such as glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP), have been suggested to have a role in maternal metabolism and weight as well as fetal growth. These hormones might be implicated in mechanisms that compensate for the increment in glycemia and insulin resistance seen during pregnancy, while other factors, such as heredity, environment and lifestyle, but also different race/ethnic background might also lead to the comorbid health problems. Some studies indicate that pregnancy is associated with a diminished GLP-1 response which is more prominently evident in women with GDM and normalizes after delivery. Postprandial GIP level seems to be unaffected by pregnancy, despite its increased level in GDM. On the other hand, the reduced incretin effect observed in GDM may represent a risk factor for obesity, T2DM and metabolic disorders even in the offspring of these women. Further investigations are needed to establish the exact role of incretins in pregnancy and gestational glucose intolerance.
Neighborhood walkability and risk of gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Higher neighborhood walkability has been associated with a lower risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) by promoting greater physical activity (thereby reducing weight and lowering insulin resistance). However, it is not known if walkability may similarly reduce maternal risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which arises in the setting of the severe physiologic insulin resistance of pregnancy. Indeed, the insulin resistance of pregnancy is primarily driven by placental hormones and not maternal weight gain. Thus, we sought to evaluate the impact of neighborhood walkability on maternal risk of GDM and the pathophysiologic determinants thereof (insulin sensitivity and pancreatic beta-cell function)., METHODS: In this study, 1318 women reported their pregravid physical activity (Baecke questionnaire) while undergoing an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at mean 29.3 weeks' gestation. The OGTT identified 290 women with GDM and enabled assessment of insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function. Based on their residential Walk Score, the women were stratified into the following four established categories of neighborhood walkability: car dependent (n=328), somewhat walkable (n=315), very walkable (n=406), and walker's paradise (n=269)., RESULTS: There was a progressive increase in pregravid total physical activity (p=0.002), non-sport leisure-time activity (p=0.009) and sport activity (p=0.01) across the walkability groups (from car dependent to somewhat walkable to very walkable to walker's paradise), coupled with a concomitant decline in pre-pregnancy body mass index (p=0.007). However, in pregnancy, the groups did not differ in gestational weight gain (p=0.80). Moreover, the walkability groups also did not differ in mean adjusted insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function, or glycemia on the antepartum OGTT. On logistic regression analysis, Walk Score did not predict GDM (OR=1.001, 95% CI 0.995 to 1.007)., CONCLUSION: Neighborhood walkability is not a significant determinant of maternal risk of GDM. Thus, in contrast to T2DM, the effect of neighborhood design on incidence of GDM will be comparatively modest. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2020. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Serum visfatin as a metabolic biomarker in obese patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Visfatin is an adipokine produced and secreted by the adipose tissue. It exerts an insulin-like effect by the insulin receptor-1 and has a hypoglycemic effect. We aimed to investigate how serum visfatin changes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and whether it is predictive of neonatal outcomes., METHODS: Visfatin levels were prospectively measured in peripheral blood serum by enzyme immunoassay in 210 pregnant women, 156 of which were diagnosed with GDM, 18 of which suffered from pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and 36 healthy controls., RESULTS: Patients with obesity class II (median=2.562 ng/mL) and class III (median=6.2940 ng/mL) had higher serum visfatin than overweight patients (median=0.735 ng/mL); (Mann-Whitney U test, P=0.037 and P=0.023, respectively). In GDM patients with BMI above 30, serum visfatin was associated to glycosylated hemoglobin (Spearman correlation test, R=0.26, P=0.045). Women with BMI above 25 treated with insulin had lower serum visfatin levels than those treated with diet only (Mann-Whitney U test, P=0.045). No correlation was found between visfatin and parameters of lipid profile such as HDL, LDL, or triglycerides (Spearman correlation tests, R=-0.051, -0.1, 0.0019; P=0.54, 0.29, 0.98, respectively). We observed that visfatin was not associated with birth weight (Spearman correlation test, R=-0.014, P=0.86) or adverse neonatal outcome as measured by umbilical artery pH below 7.25 (Mann-Whitney U test, P=0.55) or Apgar score below 10 (Mann-Whitney U test, P=0.21)., CONCLUSIONS: In GDM patients with higher BMI, serum visfatin was elevated, correlated positively with glycosylated hemoglobin, and decreased upon treatment with insulin therapy.
Adipocytokines are not associated with gestational diabetes mellitus but with pregnancy status.; AIMS: Adipose tissue-secreted proteins, i.e. adipocytokines, have been identified as potential mediators linking fat mass and adipose tissue dysfunction with impaired glucose homeostasis, alterations in the inflammatory status, and risk of diabetes. The aim of this study was to determine whether seven circulating adipocytokines are associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or are altered by metabolic and weight changes during pregnancy itself., METHODS: A panel of seven adipocytokines (i.e. adiponectin, adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein, chemerin, leptin, Pro-Enkephalin, progranulin, and Pro-Neurotensin) was quantified in serum in a cross-sectional cohort of 222 women with the following three groups matched for age and body mass index: (i) 74 pregnant women with GDM; (ii) 74 pregnant women without GDM; and (iii) 74 non-pregnant and healthy women. A stepwise statistical approach was used by performing pairwise comparisons, principal component analysis (PCA), and partial least square discriminant analysis (PLS-DA)., RESULTS: Five out of seven adipocytokines were dysregulated between pregnant and non-pregnant women, i.e. adiponectin, chemerin, leptin, Pro-Enkephalin, and progranulin. None of the adipocytokines significantly differed between GDM and non-GDM status during pregnancy. The same five adipocytokines clustered in a principal component representing pregnancy-induced effects. Fasting insulin was the most relevant parameter in the discrimination of GDM as compared to pregnant women without GDM, whereas chemerin and adiponectin were most relevant factors to discriminate pregnancy status., CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy status but not presence of GDM can be distinguished by the seven investigated adipocytokines in discrimination analyses. Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in patients undergoing assisted reproductive techniques.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) between pregnancies conceived spontaneously and pregnancies conceived following assisted reproductive technology (ART)., STUDY DESIGN: This cross-sectional study evaluated the medical records of 215 women who conceived spontaneously and 145 women who conceived following ART from September 2011 to October 2012. Exclusion criteria were: polycystic ovary syndrome, maternal age >=40 years, family history of diabetes in first-degree relatives, pre-pregnancy diabetes, glucose intolerance treated with hypoglycaemic agent (e.g. metformin), history of GDM, history of stillbirth, recurrent miscarriage, history of baby with birth weight >=4kg (macrosomia), parity >3, Cushing syndrome, congenital adrenal hyperplasia and hypothyroidism. For better comparison of the incidence of GDM, the ART group was further subdivided into: (i) an in-vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection (IVF/ICSI) group (n=95); and (ii) an intrauterine insemination (IUI) group (n=50). The diagnosis of GDM was based on the criteria of the American Diabetes Association., RESULTS: The incidence of GDM was significantly higher in the IVF/ICSI and IUI groups (43% and 26%, respectively) compared with the spontaneous pregnancy group (10%). Age, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and weight gain in pregnancy were similar among women with GDM in all three groups. In addition, the incidence of pregnancy-induced hypertension was significantly higher in the IVF/ICSI group (21%) compared with the spontaneous pregnancy group (7%). Logistic regression analysis demonstrated four strong risk factors for GDM: age, BMI, mode of ART and progesterone use during pregnancy., CONCLUSION: This study indicated that the risk of GDM is two-fold higher in women with singleton pregnancies conceived following ART compared with women who conceived spontaneously. In addition, progesterone use during pregnancy was found to be an important risk factor for GDM. This subject requires further study. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
In women with gestational diabetes mellitus factors influencing growth have a larger effect on placental weight than on birth weight.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Excessive fetal and placental growth are very common in diabetic pregnancy. We aimed to analyze in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) the association with birth weight (BW), placental weight (PW) and placental-to-birth weight (PWBW) ratio of acknowledged BW predictors., MATERIAL AND METHODS: We performed a retrospective analysis of a prospective cohort database from a tertiary hospital. Inclusion criteria were singleton pregnancy, diagnosis of GDM, delivery between 1982 and 2011 and gestational age at birth >=23 weeks. Multiple regression analysis was performed using as dependent variables BW, PW and PWBW ratio and as independent ones maternal characteristics at baseline, metabolic characteristics (GDM diagnosis, treatment, control), pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational age at delivery and fetal sex. Two sensitivity analyses were performed., RESULTS: We evaluated 2547 women, PW being available in 85.3%. BW was 3260g (2976, 3575), PW 620g (540, 720) and PWBW ratio 19.27 (17.20, 21.47). Among the 24 analyzed variables, there was an important overlap among those associated with BW, PW and PWBW ratio. For most characteristics associated with both BW and PW, the magnitude of the association was greater for the latter, both when promoting growth (i.e. prepregnancy body mass index, 3h plasma glucose at diagnosis) and when restricting it (insulin treatment)., CONCLUSION: We conclude that in women with GDM and singleton pregnancies, variables associated with BW, PW and PWBW ratio overlap. The latter is the result of disproportionate associations with BW and PW, usually larger with PW. Copyright © 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Maternal and paternal family history of diabetes in women with gestational diabetes or insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus type I.; Animal studies have shown that prenatal exposure to a diabetic intrauterine milieu leads to an increased risk in the female offspring of developing gestational diabetes (GD). In the present study, the family history of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus type II (NIDDM) and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus type I (IDDM) was evaluated in 106 women with GD, as compared to 189 women with IDDM. In GD patients, the prevalence of diabetes was significantly greater in mothers than in fathers (p = 0.03). This was mainly due to a greater prevalence of NIDDM in the mothers (p = 0.05). Furthermore, a significant aggregation of NIDDM was also observed in the maternal-grandmaternal line of GD women, as compared to the paternal-grandpaternal side (p = 0.02). In patients with IDDM no significant difference concerning the prevalence of any type of diabetes between mothers and fathers was observed. In conclusion, an aggregation of NIDDM in mothers and grandmothers of women with GD is reported here. A history of NIDDM on the maternal side of pregnant women should be considered as a particular risk factor for GD and, hence, for intergenerative transmission of NIDDM, which therefore might be prevented, at least in part, by strict avoidance of GD. Copyright 2001 S. Karger AG, Basel
[Steps toward the primary prevention of type II diabetes mellitus. Various epidemiological considerations].; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), or type II diabetes is rapidly becoming one of the most common chronic disease in the United States and worldwide, with more than 7% of the adult population affected. NIDDM is even more common in the elderly and in minority population including Hispanic Americans, African Americans, Asian and Pacific Island Americans, and Native Americans. In these populations, NIDDM may be present in 10% to as much as 50% of the adult population. However diagnosed NIDDM is only the tip of the iceberg of an epidemic of glucose intolerance. Impaired glucose intolerance (IGT) is even more prevalent that NIDDM; and in addition to be a major risk factor for the development of NIDDM, IGT is associated with an increased risk of macrovascular disease. Recent advances in research into the etiology and natural history of diabetes have increased the knowledge to such an extent that primary prevention of NIDDM is becoming a reality. This primary prevention can be implemented a) through a population strategy, i.e. changing the lifestyle and environmental determinants that are known to be risk factors for diabetes, and b) through high-risk strategy, i.e. targeting preventive measures only at those specific individuals or groups that are at high risk for the future development of NIDDM. The latter is the strategy of the Diabetes Prevention Program (DDP), a clinical study sponsored by the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Disease in USA. Twenty five centers were selected to participate in this program. The purpose of DPP is prevent or delay the development of NIDDM in those persons who are at high risk because they have IGT. DPP will also evaluate if the interventions selected to prevent the development of NIDDM can decrease the frequency of cardiovascular events and the occurrence and magnitude of the cardiovascular risk factors that accompany NIDDM and IGT. Four thousand volunteers will be recruited from populations known to be at particular high risk fo IGT and NIDDM including the following: elderly, overweight individuals, persons with family history of NIDDM, women with history of gestational diabetes, and minority populations. In order to be eligible, persons who are older than 25 years will have to demonstrate IGT with plasma glucose levels 100-139 mg/dl fasting and 140-199 mg/dL two hours after a 75 g OGTT. Three study intervention were selected based on their potential efficacy in ameliorating abnormal glucose metabolism in IGT and on their safety and tolerable profile of side-effects. The interventions include: intensive lifestyle intervention which focuses on a healthy diet to achieve and maintain at least a 7% loss of body weight and an increase in caloric expenditure of at least 700 kcal per week. The drug therapy interventions include the biguanide metformin and the thiazolidinedione troglizatone. Standard life-style recommendations, which include conventional instructions regarding diet and exercise, will be provided to all participants, including a placebo treated group which will serve as the control group for the study. After randomization, participants will have quarterly evaluations and have, in addition, a fasting plasma glucose at semi-annual visits and a 75 g OGTT at annual visits. All participants will be followed for three years after the study-wide closing date for recruitment, resulting in 3 to 6 years of participant follow-up. The primary outcome is the development of NIDDM according to WHO criteria (fasting plasma glucose level 140 mg/dL or 2-hour plasma glucose 200 mg/dL after a 75 g OGTT). Secondary outcome will focus en cardiovascular disease and its risk factors and change of glycemia, insulin secretion and sensitivity, obesity, physical activity and nutrient intake, quality of life, and the occurrence of adverse events.
[Role of physical activity in the therapy and prevention of Type II diabetes mellitus].; Increased physical activity should be part of the treatment for non insulin-dependent diabetic patients. Increased physical activity delays the onset of non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or even prevents the disease in about 50% of susceptible individuals (positive family history of NIDDM, body-mass index > 25, hypertension or gestational diabetes). Regular exercise has been shown to lower plasma triglyceride and to increase high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. Exercise has also beneficial effects on hypertension, body composition and fat distribution. Improved glucose tolerance has been achieved in type II diabetic patients in as little as one week with an exercise program. The beneficial effect of regular exercise on glucose control appears to reflect the cumulative effect of transient improvement in glucose tolerance following each individual bout of exercise. Increased insulin sensitivity is lost after as little as three days of inactivity. Most studies suggest that the maximum benefit from exercise is most likely to occur in patients with mild diabetes in whom insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia are present (i.e. patients with fasting blood glucose of < 11 mM). The recommended frequency and duration of exercise is three times per week or every other day and, as adjunct for weight reduction, five to seven times per week for 30 to 45 min. at an intensity of 50 to 70% VO2max (or 60 to 80% of maximal the heart rate). Because of the high incidence of ischemic heart disease in type II diabetic patients, patients older than 35 years of age should undergo a graded exercise stress electrocardiogram. Attention should be paid to foot-care and the use of appropriate footwear and diabetic late complications, such as autonomic and peripheral neuropathy. Older obese NIDDM patients can achieve significant metabolic benefits from low-intensity programs, such as daily walking, which can be easily incorporated into daily living. Taking the necessary precautions, most patients with diabetes can take part in a monitored exercise program safely.
Clinical Methods: The History, Physical, and Laboratory Examinations; Diabetes mellitus is the name given to a heterogeneous group of disorders that have in common abnormal glucose tolerance. The classification given here (Table 136.1) is based on etiologic differences between these disorders rather than the formerly used phenomenologic classification. Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) or type I diabetes, formerly called juvenile-onset diabetes, is characterized by absolute dependency on exogenous insulin. About 10% of all people with diabetes have this type. Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or type II diabetes, formerly referred to as adult-onset, maturity-onset, is characterized by gradual onset and hyperglycemia but no tendency to ketoacidosis except under extraordinary stress. People with NIDDM may take insulin to control hyperglycemia, but it is not absolutely required. About 60 to 70% of people with NIDDM are obese, and this type is sometimes subdivided into obese and nonobese categories. Eighty-five to 90% of all people with diabetes have this type. Maturity-onset diabetes in the young (MODY) differs from NIDDM in that is has a clearly defined autosomal dominant inheritance pattern. The hyperglycemia in this type is generally quite mild. MODY is also characterized by a decreased frequency of the long-term complications of diabetes. Diabetes due to abnormalities in the amino acid sequence of insulin or abnormalities in cleavage from proinsulin causing decreased insulin action have been referred to as insulinopathies, in a manner analogous to the hemoglobinopathies. The prevalence of these abnormalities has not been established. At least three types of diabetes have been found in association with the dermatologic disorder acanthosis nigricans. These three types are associated with severe resistance to the action of insulin due to an abnormal insulin receptor (type A), antibodies to the insulin receptor (type B) or post-receptor abnormalities (type C). A number of congenital syndromes are associated with abnormal glucose tolerance, but the mechanisms responsible for the disordered carbohydrate metabolism are mostly unknown. Diabetes may be secondary, as a result of direct ablation of the beta cells in association with pancreatitis, pancreatectomy, or hemochromatosis. A separate category has been designated as gestational diabetes and refers to women whose diabetes first becomes manifest during pregnancy. Although the diabetes normally resolves upon delivery, over the following years over 50% of such women subsequently relapse into overt NIDDM. The criteria for the varying degrees of impairment in glucose tolerance are given in Table 136.2. These criteria are used for the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus but not for the type of diabetes. Three types of acute complications generally occur: severe hyperglycemia associated with a hyperosmolar, non-ketotic state; severe hperglycemia associated with ketoacidosis; and hypoglycemia. The chronic complications are generally classified into vascular and nonvascular. Macrovascular complications are caused by large vessel disease and the complications relate to the vascular system involved (e.g., cerebrovascular, coronary artery, and peripheral vascular disease). Microvascular complications are caused by small vessel disease and include retinopathy, renal glomerular disease (Kimmelstiel-Wilson disease), some of the neuropathies (mononeuropathies), and possibly cardiac and other small vessels. Non-vascular complications include cataracts and polyneuropathy, both peripheral and autonomic. Copyright © 1990, Butterworth Publishers, a division of Reed Publishing.
PTP1b Inhibition, A Promising Approach for the Treatment of Diabetes Type II.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes Mellitus (DM), is a metabolic disorder characterized by high blood glucose levels. The main types of diabetes mellitus are Diabetes mellitus type I, Diabetes mellitus type II, gestational diabetes and Diabetes of other etiology. Diabetes type II, the Non Insulin Dependent Type (NIDDM) is the most common type, characterized by the impairment in activation of the intracellular mechanism leading to the insertion and usage of glucose after interaction of insulin with its receptor, known as insulin resistance. Although, a number of drugs have been developed for the treatment of diabetes type II, their ability to reduce blood glucose levels is limited, while several side effects are also observed. Furthermore, none of the market drugs targets the enhancement of the action of the intracellular part of insulin receptor or recuperation of the glucose transport mechanism in GLUT4 dependent cells. The Protein Tyrosine Phosphatase (PTP1b) is the main enzyme involved in insulin receptor desensitization and has become a drug target for the treatment of Diabetes type II. Several PTP1b inhibitors have already been found, interacting with the binding site of the enzyme, surrounding the catalytic amino acid Cys215 and the neighboring area or with the allosteric site of the enzyme, placed at a distance of 20 A from the active site, around Phe280. However, the research continues for finding more potent inhibitors with increased cell permeability and specificity., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this review is to show the attempts made in developing of Protein Tyrosine Phosphatase (PTP1b) inhibitors with high potency, selectivity and bioavailability and to sum up the indications for favorable structural characteristics of effective PTP1b inhibitors., METHODS: The methods used include a literature survey and the use of Protein Structure Databanks such as PuBMed Structure and RCSB and the tools they provide., CONCLUSION: The research for finding PTP1b inhibitors started with the design of molecules mimicking the Tyrosine substrate of the enzyme. The study revealed that an aromatic ring connected to a polar group, which preferably enables hydrogen bond formation, is the minimum requirement for small inhibitors binding to the active site surrounding Cys215. Molecules bearing two hydrogen bond donor/acceptor (Hb d/a) groups at a distance of 8.5-11.5 A may form more stable complexes, interacting simultaneously with a secondary area A2. Longer molecules with two Hb d/a groups at a distance of 17 A or 19 A may enable additional interactions with secondary sites (B and C) that confer stability as well as specificity. An aromatic ring linked to polar or Hb d/a moieties is also required for allosteric inhibitors. A lower distance between Hb d/a moieties, around 7.5 A may favor allosteric interaction. Permanent inhibition of the enzyme by oxidation of the catalytic Cys215 has also been referred. Moreover, covalent modification of Cys121, placed near but not inside the catalytic pocket has been associated with permanent inhibition of the enzyme. Copyright© Bentham Science Publishers; For any queries, please email at epub@benthamscience.net.
Clinical characteristics of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus among southwestern American Indian youths.; The clinical characteristics and presentation of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) among 22 youths, aged less than 20 years, of an American Indian tribe Tohono O'odham Nation in the southwestern United States were studied. Ten males and 12 females (7-20 years old) were identified with a 13.7-year mean age of onset of diabetes. Over 80% (18/22) of the patients were obese at diagnosis having a body mass index greater than the 95th percentile for their age and sex, and there was a strong family history of NIDDM; eight patients were born to mothers who had gestational diabetes, and 19 patients had at least one parent with NIDDM. At the time of diagnosis, plasma glucose levels ranged from 10.3 mmol/L to 33 mmol/L, with nearly 60% (13/22) of the patients having a glucose reading greater than 16.8 mmol/L. C-peptide levels were done on 10 patients, and these were in the normal to elevated range. Clinical management of the 22 patients varied. To control hyperglycaemia and symptoms, such as nocturia and polyuria, 14 patients were on oral hypoglycaemic medication, and five were on insulin therapy. Compliance with dietary management was very difficult for these patients as evidenced by the fact that only three patients were on dietary control for their diabetes. The cases described in this series demonstrate NIDDM in childhood and illustrate the importance of accurate classification of diabetes during childhood, particularly in children from populations at high risk for NIDDM.
Acanthosis nigricans as a risk factor for non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; The prevalences of obesity and of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) have increased in the United States population over the past two decades, and thus diabetes prevention has become a major concern of public health agencies such as the National Institutes of Health. Identification of individuals at risk for diabetes is an essential first step in designing and implementing intervention programs. Insulin resistance is the hallmark of the pathophysiology of NIDDM. Subjects with hyperinsulinemia, impaired glucose tolerance, or gestational diabetes are well accepted as being at high risk for diabetes. We propose that the easily identifiable skin lesion, acanthosis nigricans, is common in the major minority groups in the United States and that its presence is a surrogate for laboratory-determined hyperinsulinemia.
Management of newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the primary care setting: effects of 2 years of gliclazide treatment--the Diadem Study.; Five thousand five hundred seventy-two newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients (3,225 men and 2,347 women; mean age, 58.5 years) were recruited through the General Practitioners (GPs) network in France. All had persistent hyperglycemia after a preliminary 3-month period with dietary and life-style modification. Gliclazide (80 to 320 mg/d) was then prescribed as diabetic pharmacotherapy for 2 years. Additional therapy for hypertension and dyslipidemia was started if necessary. The aim of the study was mainly to determine the feasibility of a GP-directed protocol for the monitoring and treatment of newly diagnosed NIDDM patients, and to assess the effectiveness of diabetic therapy in this cohort. Diabetes was diagnosed in 78% of the cohort during routine screening. Among the women, 6.5% had a history of gestational diabetes. Eighteen percent of the patients had a parental history of diabetes, and the dominant maternal role in the genesis of NIDDM was confirmed. High blood pressure (Joint National Committee V criteria) was found at inclusion in 38.8% of the whole cohort. Hyperlipidemia was known in 44.6%. A history of stroke was present in 1.6% of the patients, and coronary heart disease (CHD) in 6.3%. These data support the relationship between the atherogenic state and development of NIDDM. Microalbuminuria defined as urinary albumin excretion (UAE) of at least 20 mg/L was found in 29.6% of the patients, and retinopathy in 9.8%. Among the included patients, 23% did not complete the study and were excluded from the efficacy analysis. Of these, 14% (808 patients) had only baseline evaluation data and 9% (499 patients) withdrew later. Comparison of mean baseline and final results in study completers uncovered a significant improvement in fasting blood glucose ([FBG] 182 +/- 48 v 137 +/- 40 mg/dL), post prandial blood glucose ([PPBG] 209 +/- 68 v 162 +/- 52 mg/dL), and hemoglobin A1c ([HbA1c] 8.7% +/- 2.5% v 7.3% +/- 2.0%). A slight improvement in total cholesterol (228 +/- 44 v 222 +/- 41 mg/dL), body mass index ([BMI] 28.5 +/- 4.7 v 27.9 +/- 4.5 kg/m2), and waist to hip ratio (0.99 +/- 0.1 v 0.98 +/- 0.1) was observed. There was a decrease in the percentage of patients with high blood pressure (38.5% v 30.7%). A mild increase in the prevalence of retinopathy (10.2% v 11.8%) was noted during the study, while the incidence of microalbuminuria remained unchanged (30.2% v 29.5%). In conclusion, the data indicate that the GPs involved in this study were able to successfully monitor and manage NIDDM patients in accordance with a standardized protocol. Gliclazide appeared to be an effective and well-tolerated treatment. The high prevalence of chronic diabetic complications at diagnosis emphasizes the delay encountered in reaching the diagnosis of NIDDM and the problems associated with this delay. In addition to the classic risk factors for NIDDM exhibited in this patient cohort, we have identified CHD and a maternal genetic component as further potential predicting factors.
Predominance of a maternal history of diabetes for patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Implications for the intrauterine transmission of diabetes.; In Europid populations, patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are more than twice as likely to have a mother than a father with diabetes. We have examined this aspect in an Australian population. For this purpose records of 1,000 consecutive patients with NIDDM were reviewed. A history of diabetes was present in 193 mothers (19.3%) and in only 86 fathers (8.6%) (p < 0.0001). The predominance of maternal history of diabetes in patients with NIDDM is suggestive of a maternal transmission of this disorder. This metabolic tendency may develop due to an adverse intrauterine environment in women with undiagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus.
Preventing NIDDM among aboriginal people: is exercise the answer? Description of a pilot project using exercise to prevent gestational diabetes.; Rates of diabetes and its complications have reached epidemic proportions among North American Aboriginal peoples. This appears largely due to changes in diet and activity levels associated with a shift away from traditional lifestyles. Since exercise has been shown to be effective in preventing non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), Aboriginal communities may be able to reduce their rates of the disease by incorporating exercise programs into their public health programs. We describe a pilot project in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, whose ultimate purpose is to evaluate the effect of exercise in preventing gestational diabetes. If successful, this would reduce the risk of developing NIDDM for both women and their offspring.
Long-term diabetogenic effect of single pregnancy in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy is associated with marked insulin resistance that seems to have little, if any, impact on the long-term risk of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in the general population. The aim of this study was to test whether pregnancy would alter the risk of NIDDM among women with a high prevalence of pancreatic beta-cell dysfunction, as indicated by a history of gestational diabetes mellitus., METHODS: The cohort consisted of 666 Latino women with gestational diabetes attending a high-risk family planning clinic. They were followed up for up to 7.5 years, during which time they were weighed and underwent an oral glucose-tolerance test annually. The effect of an additional pregnancy, and of other risk factors for diabetes, was examined., FINDINGS: 87 (13%) of the women completed an additional pregnancy. 80 of those women did not have NIDDM immediately after the additional pregnancy and their subsequent annual incidence rate of NIDDM was 30.9% (95% CI 12.7-49.1), more than 2.5 times the annual incidence rate of NIDDM in the cohort overall (11.9%; 95% CI 10.0-13.8). Proportional hazards regression analysis using the presence or absence of an additional pregnancy as a time-dependent variable confirmed that an additional pregnancy increased the rate ratio of NIDDM to 3.34 (95% CI 1.80-6.19), compared with women without an additional pregnancy after adjustment for other potential diabetes risk factors during the index pregnancy (antepartum oral glucose tolerance, highest fasting glucose, gestational age at diagnosis of gestational diabetes) and during follow-up (postpartum body mass index [BMI], and glucose tolerance, weight change, breast feeding, and months of contraceptive use). Weight gain also was independently associated with an increased risk of NIDDM; the rate ratio was 1.95 (95% CI 1.63-2.33) for each 10 lb (4.5 kg) gained during follow-up after adjustment for the additional pregnancy and the other potential risk factors., INTERPRETATION: The study showed that a single pregnancy, independent of the well-known effect of weight gain, accelerated the development of NIDDM in a group of women with a high prevalence of pancreatic beta-cell dysfunction. This finding implies that episodes of insulin resistance may contribute to the decline in beta-cell function that leads to NIDDM in many high-risk individuals.
The Fasting Hyperglycaemia Study: I. Subject identification and recruitment for a non-insulin-dependent diabetes prevention trial.; Subjects at increased risk for developing non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were encouraged via a public awareness campaign, general practitioners, or a direct approach (in the case of women with previous gestational diabetes) to attend one of three English and two French centers for fasting plasma glucose (FPG) measurement. Of 1,580 subjects (mean +/- SD age, 47 +/- 10 years), 29% were male, 56% had a diabetic relative, 20% had a history of elevated blood glucose or glycosuria, and 9% previously had gestational diabetes. Thirty-one percent (493) had an initial increased fasting glucose ([IFG] 5.5 to 7.7 mmol.L-1), 3% (41) a diabetic fasting glucose ([DFG] > or = 7.8 mmol.L-1), and 66% (1,046) a normal fasting glucose ([NFG] < 5.5 mmol.L-1). Four hundred forty-one of the 493 returned for a second FPG measurement, and 67% (293) of these had a similar value on repeat testing 2 weeks later. A 75-g, 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in 223 of these subjects showed that 37% (83) had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), 26% (58) diabetes mellitus (DM), and 37% (82) normal glucose tolerance (NGT). Seven percent of self-referred patients had NIDDM by World Health Organization (WHO) criteria. Eighty-eight percent of those with an initial DFG had an increased glycated hemoglobin (> 6.2%), and 75% an increased fructosamine (> 282 mumol.L-1). While these two glycemic measures provided good discrimination for diabetes, neither were reliable in detecting those with increased but not diabetic FPG values. In conclusion, 293 (19%) of 1,580 self-referred subjects were identified as having persistently increased FPG, and 227 have been entered into a randomized NIDDM prevention trial evaluating healthy-living advice and sulfonylurea therapy.
Inositols in treating polycystic ovary syndrome and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus: now and the future.; INTRODUCTION: This Expert Opinion covers recent updates in the use of Inositol in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and type II diabetes and gives support to researchers and clinicians., AREAS COVERED: This article discusses the role of Myo-Inositol (MI) and D-Chiro-Inositol (DCI) in physiological function, the use of MI in PCOS, the risks of using DCI in reproductive conditions, the 40:1 combination of MI/DCI in PCOS. Furthermore, we discuss the issues of insulin resistance and how alpha-lactalbumin may increase the intestinal bioavailability of MI. The paper then transitions to talk about the use of inositols in diabetes, including type II diabetes, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), and double diabetes. Literature searches were performed with the use of PubMed, Google Scholar, and Web of Science between July and October 2023., EXPERT OPINION: Inositol therapy has grown in the clinical field of PCOS, with it demonstrating an efficacy like that of metformin. The use of alpha-lactalbumin has further supported the use of MI, as issues with intestinal bioavailability have been largely overcome. In contrast, the effect of inositol treatment on the different PCOS phenotypes remains an outstanding question. The use of inositols in type II diabetes requires further study despite promising analogous data from GDM.
Calpain-10 haplotype combination and association with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a frequent complication of pregnancy. Epidemiologic and pathophysiologic data suggest a close link of this disease to non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Within the calpain-10 gene various single-nucleotide polymorphisms have been identified that increased the risk for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Therefore, we examined single-nucleotide exchanges of this gene in women with GDM., METHODS: A total of 875 unselected women were prospectively screened for GDM. Eighty women of this population, 40 patients with an abnormal oral glucose tolerance test and 40 normal controls, were randomly selected. DNA samples isolated from sera of the control and study groups were analyzed with respect to single-nucleotide polymorphisms of the calpain-10 gene at positions 43, 19, and 63 using polymerase chain reaction amplification and restriction analysis., RESULTS: Women with GDM were more likely to be homozygous for the allele 1 of single-nucleotide polymorphism 63 (P =.02 by chi(2) test). With respect to single-nucleotide polymorphisms 19 and 43, no significant differences in allele distribution were detected between controls and women with GDM. When comparing the different haplotypes for calpain-10 (single-nucleotide polymorphisms 43, 19, and 63), all women with the haplotype combination 121/221 (n = 8) had gestational diabetes (P =.005 by Fisher exact test)., CONCLUSION: Our results indicate that the haplotype 121/221 of the calpain-10 gene may be associated with disturbances of glucose metabolism during pregnancy., LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II-1
Decreased stature in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Short stature has been associated with various degrees of abnormal glucose tolerance in middle-aged people, where the effects of age and metabolic control would be difficult to exclude. We chose to examine body stature in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a prediabetic state affecting a young group of people. A sample of 2772 Greek pregnant women, referred for GDM screening was examined. After a 100-g oral glucose tolerance test, 1787 women were classified as normal (N), 300 women were found with one abnormal glucose value (OAV) and 685 women with GDM. Basal insulin resistance was calculated in 640 women by homeostasis model assessment. In addition, 51 pregnant women with pre-existing Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and 109 with pre-existing Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus were included in the study. There was a gradual decrease in mean height (cm) as glucose intolerance became more severe: N: 161.0 +/- 6.2, OAV:160.2 +/- 6.1, GDM:158.7 +/- 6.3, Type II diabetes 158.2 +/- 7.0 (p < 0.001, analysis of variance]. Height in Type I diabetes (160.1 +/- 5.9) did not differ from the normal group. The difference in height between the normal and GDM groups remained (p < 0.001) when body weight, age, birth before or after 1960 and educational status were also taken into account. An independent correlation was also found between height and insulin resistance (n = 640) adjusted for the above mentioned variables. In conclusion, short stature appears to be associated with glucose intolerance as an independent variable, even when this intolerance is both mild and temporary. The previously unrecognised independent association of stature with basal insulin resistance merits further investigation.
Circulating concentrations of asymmetrical dimethyl-L-arginine are increased in women with previous gestational diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The concentration of asymmetrical dimethyl- L-arginine (ADMA), an endogenous inhibitor of the nitric oxide synthase, is increased in patients at risk or with cardiovascular disease. We have investigated ADMA concentrations in women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM), who could develop endothelial dysfunction and Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus after delivery, and in healthy control subjects., METHODS: Previous GDM patients were grouped according to their BMI as obese (> or =25 kg/m(2), n=46) or non-adipose (<25 kg/m(2), n=31). Serum samples were taken 14 to 16 weeks after delivery and after 1 year. The control group comprised 17 healthy women (BMI<25 kg/m(2)). ADMA concentrations were analysed by high performance liquid chromatography., RESULTS: ADMA concentrations were comparable between obese and non-adipose GDM patients (0.58+/-0.02 and 0.57+/-0.02 micro mol/l, respectively), and higher than in the control group (0.47+/-0.03 micro mol/l; p<0.006). Insulin resistance as estimated by the insulin sensitivity index was more frequent among the obese than the non-adipose GDM women (p<0.05) and control subjects (p<0.05, both). No change in ADMA concentrations was found after 1 year in women with GDM. There was only a slight correlation between ADMA and BMI (r=0.26, p<0.02), triglycerides (r=0.29, p<0.004), or fasting plasma glucose (r=0.21, p<0.05), and not with the insulin sensitivity index or other parameters. In a multiple regression analysis ADMA serum concentrations were only associated with triglycerides., CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: Circulating ADMA concentrations are increased in normoglycaemic women with previous GDM. This increase is independent from other risk factors or surrogate markers for diabetes or cardiovascular events.
Correlation Between Third Trimester Glycemic Variability in Non-Insulin-Dependent Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Adverse Pregnancy and Fetal Outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pregnancy-related metabolic complication. Despite optimal glycemic control from self-monitoring blood glucose (SMBG) in non-insulin-dependent GDM, variations in pregnancy outcomes persist. Glycemic variability is believed to be a factor that causes adverse pregnancy outcomes. Continuous glucose monitoring system (CGMS) detects interstitial glucose values every 5 minutes, and glycemic variability data from CGMS during the third trimester may be a predictor of fetal birth weight and pregnancy outcomes. The aim of this study was to investigate correlation between third trimester glycemic variability in non-insulin-dependent GDM and fetal birth weight., METHOD: This prospective study was conducted in 55 pregnant volunteers with non-insulin-dependent GDM that were recruited at 28 to 32 weeks' gestation from the outpatient clinic of the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Faculty of Medicine Siriraj Hospital during the study period of August 1 to December 31, 2016. Patients had CGMS installed for at least 72 hours and glycemic variability data were analyzed., RESULTS: Of 55 enrolled volunteers, the data from 47 women were included in the analysis. Mean CGMS duration was 85.5 +/- 12.83 hours. No statistically significant correlation was identified between glycemic variability in third trimester and birth weight percentiles, or between third trimester CGMS parameters and pregnancy outcomes in the study., CONCLUSION: Based on these findings, third trimester glycemic variability data from CGMS are not a predictor of fetal birth weight percentile, and no significant association was found between CGMS parameters and adverse pregnancy outcomes; thus, CGMS is not necessary in non-insulin-dependent GDM.
Fuel metabolism in pregnancy and in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Fuel metabolism during pregnancy and in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is reviewed with emphasis on carbohydrate and fat metabolism. In early pregnancy, insulin secretion in response to glucose is increased, peripheral insulin sensitivity is normal or increased, glucose tolerance is normal or slightly enhanced. In addition, there is maternal fat accumulation. During late pregnancy, there is increased fetal growth and increased fetal demand for nutrients. Maternal responses to these demands consist of an accelerated switch from carbohydrate to fat utilization that is facilitated by peripheral insulin resistance and by high blood levels of lipolytic hormones. In patients with GDM, insulin resistance is either comparable or greater than in nondiabetic pregnancy whereas insulin secretion appears to be compromised. Important short term consequences of GDM are perinatal complications, whereas long term complications include an increased rate of development of maternal non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Long-term endocrine outcome of small for gestational age infants born to mothers with and without gestational diabetes mellitus.; Small for gestational age (SGA) infants and infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at an increased risk for significant morbidity and mortality, mainly metabolic disorders. We aimed to question the long-term endocrine morbidity of SGA infants born to mothers with GDM compared to SGA infants born to non- diabetic mothers. A population-based cohort study was performed to assess the risk for endocrine morbidity among children born SGA to mothers with and without GDM. The main outcome evaluated was endocrine morbidity of the offspring up to the age of 18 years, predefined in a set of ICD-9 codes. Endocrine morbidity included thyroid disease, insulin and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, hypoglycemia, childhood obesity, parathyroid hormone disease, adrenal disease, and sex hormone disease. All SGA infants born between the years 1991 and 2014 and discharged alive from the hospital were included in the study. Multiple pregnancies, infants with congenital malformations or chromosomal abnormalities and mothers lacking prenatal care were excluded from the analysis. Kaplan-Meier survival curve was constructed to compare cumulative endocrine morbidity. A Cox proportional hazards model was conducted to control for confounders. During the study period, 9312 newborn infants met the inclusion criteria, of them 259 SGA infants were born to mothers with GDM and 9053 SGA infants were born to mother without GDM. No significant differences in long-term endocrine morbidity were noted between the groups (0.8% in children born to mothers with GDM vs. 0.5% in children born to non-diabetic mothers, p = .62). Likewise, the Kaplan-Meier survival curve did not demonstrate a significantly higher cumulative incidence of endocrine morbidity in offspring of women with GDM (log rank test p=.67). In a Cox regression model, while controlling for ethnicity, hypertensive disorders, preterm birth, and maternal age, delivery of an SGA neonate to mother with GDM was not associated with long-term endocrine morbidity of the offspring (adjusted HR 1.2, 95% confidence interval 0.27-5.00, p=.82). SGA infants born to mothers with GDM are not at an increased risk for long-term endocrine morbidity as compared with SGA infants born to non-diabetic mothers.
[Epidemiological study of gestational diabetes mellitus in Taipei and factors effecting blood glucose].; The prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus has increased significantly in the last decade. Meanwhile, it has been found that patients with gestational diabetes have a greater chance of developing diabetes than normal subjects. This study was designed to survey the prevalence of GDM in metropolitan Taipei. A screening test with 50 g of glucose was performed on pregnant patients between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation, and a blood sample was collected one hour after ingestion. The subjects with a plasma glucose level over 130 g/dL were scheduled for a standard 75 g oral glucose tolerance test for diagnosis. Altogether, 872 pregnant women participated in the study. According to the WHO criteria which were published in 1985, a total of 224 (25.7%) subjects had a positive screening test. Thirty-seven (4.2%) subjects had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and five (0.6%) subjects were found to have GDM after the 75 g OGTT. Comparisons of the glucose levels of women of different ages (< 30 and > or = 30), BMI ( 24), and parity (0 and > or = 1) demonstrated that women over 30, with a BMI over 24, or a parity over 1 had a significantly higher plasma glucose level than their counterparts in the screening test. Even after BMI-adjustment, the difference was still significant for the age and parity comparisons.
GAD65 autoantibodies in women with gestational or insulin dependent diabetes mellitus diagnosed during pregnancy.; We have studied the presence of GAD65 autoantibodies in women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) (n = 28) or gestational diabetes (GDM) (n = 139) diagnosed during pregnancy and investigated the temporal relationship between these autoantibodies and the subsequent recurrence or development of IDDM. Among the GDM patients, 4.3% (6 of 139) developed true IDDM during a median follow-up period of 6.3 years (range 4.0-11.0). Of these, 2.2% (3 of 139) were positive for GAD65 autoantibodies at diagnosis of GDM compared to 0% (0 of 27) of healthy pregnant women. All 3 GAD65 autoantibody positive GDM patients subsequently developed IDDM after a median of 14 months (range 4-34). GAD65 autoantibodies were present in 50% (14 of 28) of sera from women with IDDM diagnosed during pregnancy. The non-insulin-requiring remission period was significantly shorter in GAD65 autoantibody positive patients (median 0.5 years [range 0-6.0 years]) than in GAD65 antibody negative patients (median 2.6 years; range 0-9.7 years; p < 0.05). The results suggest that screening for GAD65 autoantibodies in women with GDM or IDDM diagnosed during pregnancy may be useful for predicting the clinical course of the disease.
Increased risk for gestational diabetes mellitus associated with insulin receptor and insulin-like growth factor II restriction fragment length polymorphisms.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. We have examined restriction fragment length polymorphisms (RFLPs) near "candidate diabetogenic genes" as one approach to identify molecular markers for GDM genes. Genotypes for insulin hypervariable region (HVR), insulin-like growth factor II (IGF2), insulin receptor (INSR), and glucose transporter (GLUT1) RFLPs were studied in 96 GDM and 164 control subjects, matched to GDM for race, age, and gravidity. Logistic regression analysis was used to explore the relationship between genotypes at these candidate gene loci and GDM, while adjusting for the effects of potential confounding variables. Among black subjects, the INSR allele 1 (P = 0.001) and interactions between INSR allele 1 with body mass index (BMI) (P = 0.002) and history of DM in subject's mother (P = 0.004) contributed significantly to GDM risk. Among Caucasian subjects, a similar relationship between the INSR allele 1 (P = 0.007) and INSR allele 1-BMI interactions (P = 0.011) on GDM risk were observed. In Caucasians, an additional significant risk factor was determined by an INSR allele 1-IGF2 allele 2 interaction (P = 0.018). No risk factors were identified in Hispanic subjects. These data continue to support the hypothesis that GDM is a heterogeneous disorder with respect to phenotypic and genotypic features. Furthermore, our data suggest that risk for GDM in black and Caucasian subjects is not due to obesity perse but to interactions between obesity and INSR alleles. In Caucasian women, INSR and IGF2 alleles interact to confer additional risk for GDM. Thus genes underlying susceptibility to GDM in some women may be similar to genes conferring risk to NIDDM, while in others novel genes may contribute to GDM risk.
No evidence for mutations in a putative beta-cell ATP-sensitive K+ channel subunit in MODY, NIDDM, or GDM.; The beta-cell ATP-sensitive K+ (K-ATP) channel has a major role in glucose-induced insulin secretion. Screening the entire coding sequence of the gene for a putative beta-cell K-ATP channel subunit, K-ATP2, with single-strand conformation polymorphism did not show any mutations associated with diabetes in white Caucasian diabetic patients, including five pedigrees with maturity onset diabetes of the young (MODY), 25 patients with noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) selected for marked beta-cell deficiency, 25 selected for mild diabetes presenting before age 50 years with fasting plasma glucose levels < 10 mmol/l, 25 unselected NIDDM patients, and 25 subjects with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and subsequent raised fasting plasma glucose. In five large MODY pedigrees, linkage analysis with simple tandem-repeat polymorphisms (STRPs) near the K-ATP2 gene excluded linkage. In a population association study, no linkage disequilibrium for the STRP was found between 237 unselected white Caucasian NIDDM patients and 104 geographically matched and age-matched white Caucasian nondiabetic subjects. In addition, two silent polymorphisms were found with similar frequency in nondiabetic and diabetic subjects. Mutations in the gene for K-ATP2 are unlikely to be a major cause of MODY, NIDDM, or GDM.
Persistent elevation and metabolic dependence of circulating E-selectin after delivery in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; The increased risk of premature atherosclerosis in noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) might be related in part to augmented expression of endothelial adhesion molecules (AMs). So far it is, however, unknown whether increased circulating (c) AMs in NIDDM are only a consequence of this disease or also involved in its sequelae. To determine the presence of cAMs in a population at increased risk for subsequent development of NIDDM, we analyzed fasting and postprandial [oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT): 100 g] serum concentrations of circulating E-selectin, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (cVCAM-1), and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (cICAM-1) in pregnant women with either gestational diabetes (GDM) or normal glucose tolerance (NT) before and after delivery vs. nonpregnant healthy women (C). During pregnancy cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 were elevated in both GDM and NT vs. nonpregnant females (P < 0.01 vs. C). Following delivery, all GDM females regained normal glucose tolerance according to OGTT criteria, but showed slightly higher postprandial [area under the curve (AUC)180 min] glycemia and HbA1c values than nonpregnant healthy women (P < 0.05), indicating persisting subtle abnormalities in carbohydrate metabolism. cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 remained increased in GDM (P < 0.01 vs.C) after delivery, but fell to normal in NT (P < 0.05 before vs. after delivery). Furthermore, a correlation was seen in GDM females between cE-selectin and HbA1c (P < 0.005), fasting glucose (P < 0.01), and insulin (P < 0.05) as well as postprandial (AUC180 min) glucose and insulin concentrations (P < 0.05) during OGTTs, both before and after delivery. ICAM-1, however, did not differ significantly between groups. In summary, GDM is characterized by persistently raised levels of cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 12 weeks after delivery. Whether these persistent elevations of cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 reflect early vascular injury or represent a risk factor for atherosclerosis in women at increased risk for NIDDM remains to be determined.
Noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus and pregnancy in Mexico.; We analyzed 215 consecutive patients with diabetes mellitus and pregnancy, 118 (54.83%) with noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), 90 (41.86%) with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 7 (3.26%) with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). NIDDM and GDM patients had no significant difference in age and body mass index. There were no maternal deaths, nor episodes of ketoacidosis. Maternal and neonatal complications occurred with a similar frequency in NIDDM and GDM. We concluded that in our population, diabetes associated with insulin-resistance occurred in over 96% of our pregnant diabetic patients and was associated with an increased prevalence of maternal and neonatal complications. Earlier perinatal care has to be established in NIDDM patients, and obese young women should be screened to detect GDM from early gestation and advised to reduce weight before pregnancy ensues.
Abnormalities of islet B-cell function, insulin action, and fat distribution in women with histories of gestational diabetes: relationship to obesity.; Although obese women with histories of gestational diabetes mellitus (former GDM) are highly predisposed to develop noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), lean former GDM women are less predisposed. To explore reasons for this difference, we performed measures of islet B-cell function and insulin action in eight lean former GDM women [ideal body weight (IBW), 107 +/- 2% (mean +/- SEM)], 11 obese former GDM (IBW, 161 +/- 11%), and 19 normal women subjects who were individually pair-matched to former GDM for % IBW and age. The first phase (0-10 min) insulin secretory response to iv glucose was significantly lower in both lean and obese former GDM compared to that in normal women (3,480 +/- 548% vs. 8,234 +/- 1,337% basal . min and 3,444 +/- 682 vs. 10,251 +/- 2,465). The second phase (10-60 min) insulin response to glucose was also significantly lower in lean former GDM women and tended to be lower in obese former GDM women compared to that in their respective controls. Insulin action was assessed by the insulin sensitivity index (SI) using Bergman's minimal modeling technique. SI values in lean former GDM women were similar to those in their controls (4.42 +/- 1.3 X 10(-4) ml min-1 microU-1 vs. 5.19 +/- 1.2 X 10(-4). In contrast, SI values in obese former GDM women were significantly lower than those in their controls (0.77 +/- 0.28 X 10(-4) vs. 2.04 +/- 0.43 X 10(-4). To assess whether differences in fat distribution and fat cell size were associated with these differences in insulin sensitivity, the waist to thigh circumference ratio, the waist to hip ratio, and abdominal fat cell diameter were measured. All three were significantly greater in the obese former GDM women than in controls. Thus, an abnormal central distribution of adiposity appears to be associated with the insulin action defect in obese former GDM women. We conclude that both lean and obese former GDM women have insulin secretion defects. Although a modest insulin action defect in lean former GDM women may have been missed by this technique, only in the obese former GDM women, who have a higher risk for future NIDDM, was an insulin action defect demonstrable. Thus, impairments of both insulin secretion and insulin action may be necessary to cause a marked predisposition toward NIDDM.
Activities of aldose reductase, ATPases, and nucleotide concentrations of erythrocytes in patients with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Aldose reductase (EC 1.1.1.21) is implicated in the pathophysiology of diabetic complications. In this paper we determined the activities of aldose reductase and ATPases of the erythrocytes in 17 patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). In the aldose reductase assay we used fluorometric method to avoid the disturbance of hemoglobin. With dihydronicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NADH), we verified it was aldose reductase but not aldehyde reductase II that was activated in the erythrocytes of the patients with NIDDM. The aldose reductase activity of the erythrocytes in the patients was significantly higher (P less than 0.01) than that in the controls. The activity of Na+/K(+)-ATPase of the patients was significantly lower (P less than 0.01) than that of the controls. The activities of Ca(2+)-ATPase and Mg(2+)-ATPase on the erythrocyte membranes of the patients were similar to those of the controls. At the same time we measured the seven nucleotide concentrations in the erythrocytes of the patients. In this experiment we used ultrafiltration method, instead of acid precipitation to make it possible to determine dihydronicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADPH) and NADH. The concentrations of ATP, ADP and AMP were similar to those of the controls. The concentrations of NADPH, NAD+ and NADH in the erythrocytes of the patients were significantly lower (P less than 0.01, 0.05 and 0.05 respectively) than those of controls. The concentration of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADP+) in the patients was significantly higher (P less than 0.01) than that of controls.
Beta-cell behaviour during the prediabetic stage. Part II. Non-insulin-dependent and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The pathogenesis of autoimmune insulin-dependent (Type 1) diabetes mellitus (IDDM) is far from being resolved, despite extensive genetic and immunological research. However, recent experimental data from immune and endocrine studies using spontaneous or transgenic models of the disease have emphasized the role of the islet of Langerhans, and particularly beta cells, in IDDM pathogenesis. Part I of this review (Diabetes Metab, 1997, 23, 181-194) considered the various ways normal beta cells cope with increased demands on their resources in different models of hyperglycaemia in order to provide a better delineation and comparison of the mechanisms implicating these cells in the pathogenesis of IDDM and non-insulin-dependent (Type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Part II attempts to improve our understanding of the various mechanisms through which beta cells, and perhaps the entire islet of Langerhans, may influence the immune system from the perinatal period to adulthood. Genetics and beta-cell behaviour are considered during prediabetes in human and experimental models of IDDM and NIDDM. Attention is focused on the spontaneous model of the disease, the non-obese diabetic (NOD) mouse, which in addition to providing genetic data, appears to be useful for sequential study of the early developmental, immune and endocrine events that occur in IDDM pathophysiology.
Epistatic effects of genes encoding tumor necrosis factor-alpha, immunoglobulin allotypes, and HLA antigens on susceptibility to non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a complex disease with a very high degree of heritability. Linkage and segregation analyses have not been very productive in identifying genes responsible for polygenic diseases such as NIDDM, and the majority of the genes determining susceptibility to this disorder remain to be identified. Using a case-control study design, we investigated the possible roles of genes coding for HLA class II antigens, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), and immunoglobulin (Ig) allotypes (GM and KM) in a group of Caucasians from Belgium (214 NIDDM patients and 200 controls). All genetic markers were determined by polymerase chain reaction-based methods. We demonstrate that particular homozygous genotypes of TNF-alpha and GM and KM allotypes epistatically interact with HLA-DQalpha1(Arg 52) and contribute to an increased relative risk of NIDDM.
A susceptibility locus for early-onset non-insulin dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus maps to chromosome 20q, proximal to the phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase gene.; Several candidate genes for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) map on chromosome 20, including the phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase gene (PCK1) and one of the maturity onset diabetes of the young genes (MODY1). Thus, we have investigated the entire long arm of chromosome 20. Linkage analyses were conducted in a total sample of 148 NIDDM families (301 NIDDM sib pairs) and in a subset of 42 early onset NIDDM families, where genetic components are likely to play a more important role (55 NIDDM sib pairs diagnosed at or before 45 years of age), using 10 highly polymorphic markers with an average map density of 7.5 cM. Using affected sib pair methods (two-point linkage and multipoint linkage analyses), significant results were obtained with the 20q13 region, in the vicinity of the PCK1 locus, only in the subset of 55 early onset NIDDM sib pairs (multipoint MLS = 2.74, P = 0.0004; MLS = 2.34, P = 0.0009 when using a conservative weighting procedure). Moreover, another region spanning the ribophorin II (RPNII, phospholipase C (PLC1) and adenosine deaminase (ADA) loci suggested linkage with NIDDM (multipoint MLS of 1.81 in all NIDDM sib pairs, P = 0.003; MLS = 1.31, P = 0.012 when using a conservative weighting procedure). Whereas our study suggests the location of a susceptibility locus for early onset NIDDM in the PCK1 gene region, further investigation in larger data sets is required to confirm these results and assess the role of other regions on chromosome 20q in human NIDDM.
Characterization of cellular defects of insulin action in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Seven non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients participated in three clamp studies performed with [3-3H]- and [U-14C]glucose and indirect calorimetry: study I, euglycemic (5.2 +/- 0.1 mM) insulin (269 +/- 39 pM) clamp; study II, hyperglycemic (14.9 +/- 1.2 mM) insulin (259 +/- 19 pM) clamp; study III, euglycemic (5.5 +/- 0.3 mM) hyperinsulinemic (1650 +/- 529 pM) clamp. Seven control subjects received a euglycemic (5.1 +/- 0.2 mM) insulin (258 +/- 24 pM) clamp. Glycolysis and glucose oxidation were quantitated from the rate of appearance of 3H2O and 14CO2; glycogen synthesis was calculated as the difference between body glucose disposal and glycolysis. In study I, glucose uptake was decreased by 54% in NIDDM vs. controls. Glycolysis, glycogen synthesis, and glucose oxidation were reduced in NIDDM patients (P < 0.05-0.001). Nonoxidative glycolysis and lipid oxidation were higher. In studies II and III, glucose uptake in NIDDM was equal to controls (40.7 +/- 2.1 and 40.7 +/- 1.7 mumol/min.kg fat-free mass, respectively). In study II, glycolysis, but not glucose oxidation, was normal (P < 0.01 vs. controls). Nonoxidative glycolysis remained higher (P < 0.05). Glycogen deposition increased (P < 0.05 vs. study I), and lipid oxidation remained higher (P < 0.01). In study III, hyperinsulinemia normalized glycogen formation, glycolysis, and lipid oxidation but did not normalize the elevated nonoxidative glycolysis or the decreased glucose oxidation. Lipid oxidation and glycolysis (r = -0.65; P < 0.01), and glucose oxidation (r = -0.75; P < 0.01) were inversely correlated. In conclusion, in NIDDM: (a) insulin resistance involves glycolysis, glycogen synthesis, and glucose oxidation; (b) hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia can normalize total body glucose uptake; (c) marked hyperinsulinemia normalizes glycogen synthesis and total flux through glycolysis, but does not restore a normal distribution between oxidation and nonoxidative glycolysis; (d) hyperglycemia cannot overcome the defects in glucose oxidation and nonoxidative glycolysis; (e) lipid oxidation is elevated and is suppressed only with hyperinsulinemia.
Levels of von Willebrand factor, insulin resistance syndrome, and a common vWF gene polymorphism in non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus.; To examine the association between von Willebrand Factor (vWF) concentrations and features of the insulin resistance syndrome, 208 patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes (NIDDM) and 80 healthy controls were studied. A restriction fragment length polymorphism in exon 12 of the vWF gene, detected by Aat II endonuclease, was also examined. vWF concentrations were elevated in the patient group (patients 1.28 IU ml-1 vs controls 1.12 IU ml-1, p = 0.003). Genotype frequencies were in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium and genotype did not relate to vWF levels: means (95% CI) were AA 1.29 (1.29-1.44) IU ml-1 n = 3; AG 1.28 (1.22-1.26) IU ml-1 n = 48; GG 1.29 (1.25-1.39) IU ml-1 n = 155. vWF correlated with age (r = 0.23 p < 0.0005), duration of diabetes (r = 0.23, p < 0.001), and fibrinogen (r = 0.22, p = 0.002) in the patient group, but was unrelated to blood lipids, HbA1C, body mass index, glucose, hypertension, and smoking. In a linear regression model, age and insulin remained as independent predictors of vWF levels, explaining 16% of inter-individual variance in the patient group. In conclusion, these findings show vWF concentrations are elevated in NIDDM and are weakly related to features of the insulin resistance syndrome. No relationship was demonstrated between the gene polymorphism studied and vWF concentrations in this group.
Mechanism of improving effect of losartan on insulin sensitivity of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus rats.; The specific inhibition of angiotensin II action at AT(1) receptors by losartan has been shown to decrease peripheral insulin resistance in type 2 diabetic patients and animal models. We examined the effect of losartan on the expression of insulin receptor substrate 1 (IRS-1), protein kinase B (PKB) and glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4), as well as the phosphorylation status of IRS-1 and the association between IRS-1 and phosphatidylinositol (PI) 3-kinase in skeletal muscle from fat-fed and-streptozotocin (STZ)-treated rats, an animal model of type 2 diabetes mellitus. In addition, the effects of losartan on GLUT4 translocation in muscle cells and on insulin sensitivity were also evaluated. Muscle tissues were isolated from male losartan-treated and untreated normal or non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) rats with a dose of 4 mg/kg per day for 6 weeks. Oral administration of losartan improved insulin sensitivity, which was determined by an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). In skeletal muscles, the protein levels of IRS-1, PKB and GLUT4 in NIDDM rats were not significantly different from those of the control rats, and they were not affected by losartan. The levels of IRS-1 tyrosine phosphorylation, PI 3-kinase activity associated with IRS-1 and PKB activation after stimulation with insulin in muscle tissue of NIDDM rats were significantly decreased (P<0.01) compared with those in the control rats, while they were not increased by losartan. Losartan had a major effect on GLUT4 translocation in myocytes, as it significantly increased (P<0.05) the insulin-induced amounts of GLUT4 in plasma membrane (PM) and T-tubules (TT) in myocytes from NIDDM rats. Consistent with these results, the plasma glucose level in losartan-treated NIDDM rats was decreased (P<0.05) compared with that in untreated NIDDM rats. Our results suggest that losartan may exert beneficial effects on insulin resistance by increasing the translocation of GLUT4 in muscle tissue, which is probably associated with a non-PI 3-kinase-dependent mechanism.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme gene insertion/deletion, not bradykinin B2 receptor -58T/C gene polymorphism, associated with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor-related cough in Chinese female patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To investigate the genetic susceptibility associated with cough related to angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEI) therapy in patients with type 2 diabetes, 189 non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients with proteinuria or hypertension treated with perindopril were studied. Cough was considered to be present if the patients had been bothered by a cough during treatment and if they had had related symptoms for at least 2 weeks without an identifiable cause. Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) coupled with single-strand conformation polymorphism (SSCP) was used to detect polymorphisms of ACE and bradykinin B2-receptor genes. After 8 weeks of treatment, 49.2% (93 of 189) of our NIDDM patients were found to be suffering from ACEI-related cough. ACEI-related cough was mainly associated with female patients, with 71.7% (76 of 106) of female and only 20.5% (17 of 83) of male patients experiencing cough after ACEI treatment. There was a significant association of ACE II genotype with ACEI-related cough. The genotype frequencies were 58.2% for II, 47.8% for ID, and 16.7% for DD in patients with ACEI-associated cough and 41.8% for II, 52.2% for ID, and 83.3% for DD in subjects without ACEI-associated cough (chi(2) = 10.268; df = 2, P =.006). As female patients made up the majority of the subjects suffering from ACEI-related cough, we further analyzed the association of ACE I/D genotype with ACEI-related cough separately by sex. Male patients with ACEI-related cough were not associated with ACE I/D genotype distribution, while female patients were strongly associated with ACE I/D genotype polymorphism (chi(2) = 16.12; df = 2; P <.001). There was no association between the bradykinin B2 receptor gene -58T/C polymorphism with ACEI-related cough. In conclusion, our results indicate that Chinese diabetic female subjects are susceptible to ACEI-related cough, and this susceptibility may be genetically predetermined. Copyright 2001 by W.B. Saunders Company
The role of angiotensin II antagonism in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a review of renoprotection studies.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic nephropathy is the leading cause of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) in Western and Asian countries. Effective antihypertensive therapy reduces the rate of decline in renal function and postpones ESRD in patients with diabetic nephropathy., OBJECTIVE: This review presents evidence from studies on how blood pressure control, plasma glucose control, and the presence of proteinuria determine outcomes in diabetic patients. The role of angiotensin II (All) in the development of diabetic nephropathy and the reno- and cardiobeneficial effects of AII antagonism in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM-2) and diabetic nephropathy also are addressed., METHODS: Articles included in this review were found using a MEDLINE search for studies published from 1991 to 2001 and including the search terms diabetic nephropathy, type 2 diabetes mellitus, microalbuminuria, proteinuria, angiotensin receptor blockade, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition, and cardiovascular disease. Articles reporting new data, new mechanisms, major clinical trials, and our own data were included., RESULTS: Recently, the Reduction of Endpoints in NIDDM (non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus) with the Angiotensin II Antagonist Losartan (RENAAL) trial provided sufficient data to conclude that the blockade of the All AT1 receptor with losartan confers renoprotection in patients with DM-2 and nephropathy. Similar results were obtained with irbesartan in the Irbesartan Diabetic Nephropathy Trial (IDNT) and the Irbesartan in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes and Microalbuminuria study (IRMA 2). The results of RENAAL indicate that the renoprotective effects of losartan were attributable to effects beyond blood pressure control. In addition to the favorable impact of the All blockade on blood pressure and renal hemodynamics, the blockade of the growth-promoting, profibrotic, nonhemodynamic actions of AII also may be important for renoprotection. Intensive blood pressure control also confers cardiovascular protection in pa- tients with DM-2. Some studies suggest that the blockade of the renin-angiotensin system confers superior cardioprotective effects in patients with DM-2. The RENAAL study also showed cardioprotection with losartan, with an important reduction in the risk for first hospitalization for heart failure., CONCLUSION: Evidence supports the importance of an effective blockade of AII action for both reno- and cardioprotection in patients with DM-2.
Oxidative stress parameters in type I, type II and insulin-treated type 2 diabetes mellitus; insulin treatment efficiency.; BACKGROUND: Our aim was to evaluate oxidative stress parameters on three groups of diabetic patients, insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and insulin-treated type 2 diabetes mellitus (ITDM2), with similar HbA1c value and to determine if insulin's impact on these parameters was the same for IDDM and ITDM2., METHODS: This study has been conducted on 18 IDDM, 55 NIDDM, 27 ITDM2, compared to 12 healthy subjects. Plasmatic concentrations of thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS), fatty acids, total antioxidant status (TAS), alpha-tocopherol, and erythrocyte reduced glutathione (GSH) were measured as well as enzymatic activities of superoxide dismutase (SOD), and glutathione peroxidase/reductase., RESULTS: Diabetic patients have significant increase of SOD activity, of TBARS concentration (concomitant with low levels of unsaturated fatty acids) and significant decrease of GSH and alpha-tocopherol. NIDDM have significantly lower levels of GSH and higher levels of TBARS compared to IDDM. ITDM2 values are intermediate between IDDM and NIDDM but are far from reaching those of IDDM., CONCLUSION: Diabetic patients undergo an important oxidative stress that is nearly corrected for IDDM, but only partially improved for ITDM2, although length of insulin treatment and HbA1c values are similar, suggesting metabolic differences between the two types of diabetes.
Modulation of the reactive oxygen species (ROS) generation mediated by cyclic AMP-elevating agents or Interleukin 10 in granulocytes from type 2 diabetic patients (NIDDM): a PKA-independent phenomenon.; UNLABELLED: SUMMARY-BACKGROUND: The present study investigates the hypothesis that cells from ill patients and from healthy subjects may have different reactivity under metabolic stimulation as a consequence of an disease-induced metabolic adaptation., METHODS: Granulocytes either from healthy subjects or from type II-Non Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (NIDDM) patients were compared in their capacities to generate Reactive Oxygen Species (ROS). The ROS generation was comparatively determined in a chemiluminescence assay, luminol-dependent, after cell incubation in the presence of either cyclic AMP - elevating agents or Interleukin 10. In some experiments the cells were pretreated with H89 compound (a PKA inhibitor) or with diphenylene iodonium (DPI), a NADPH-oxidase inhibitor., RESULTS: Our results showed an increased ROS generation in granulocytes from diabetic patients in absence of cyclic AMP-elevating agents or IL-10. In the presence of cyclic AMP-elevating agents was observed an inverse metabolic response in granulocytes from diabetic patients in comparison to cells from healthy subjects. The granulocytes were pre-incubated in the presence of cyclic AMP-elevating agents--amminophylline (AMF) or dibutyryl cyclic AMP (dbcAMP)--or interleukin 10 (IL-10). The AMF, dbcAMP and IL-10 inhibited ROS production by granulocytes from healthy subjects. By contrast, AMF and dbcAMP activated cells from diabetic patients while IL-10 had no effect. The inhibition of ROS induced by AMF, dbcAMP or IL-10 was promptly abolished by the pretreatment of the cells with either PKA H89 inhibitor or NADPH-oxidase inhibitor (DPI) in granulocytes from healthy subjects. In relation to the granulocytes from type 2 diabetics patients, the activation of ROS generation mediated by AMF and dbcAMP was fully abolished by NADPH-oxidase DPI-inhibitor, but not by PKA H89 inhibitor., CONCLUSIONS: Our present results reinforce the hypothesis that cells from ill patients (type II diabetic) when compared to cells from healthy subjects have different reactivity under metabolic stimulation. ROS production by human granulocytes was modulated by cyclic AMP elevating agents and IL-10. The inhibition of the ROS production in cells from healthy subjects was PKA-dependent while the activation in granulocytes from patients was PKA-independent. This inverse metabolic response, in cells from patients, suggests the use of an alternative metabolic pathway PKA-independent, possible cAMP/Epac/PKB-dependent. The correlation between activation of ROS production in granulocytes from diabetic patients and pathogenesis of diabetes can be suggested, however, further and extensive studies are needed for demonstrating this suggestion.
Thiols, malonaldehyde and total antioxidant status in the Turkish patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin dependent (Type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a risk factor for cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Oxidative stress mechanisms are often reported to be implied in type 2 diabetes mellitus. In order to determine their clinical relevance, we investigated several plasma indicators in the Turkish patients with NIDDM: (i) homocysteine (Hcy) and cysteine (Cys) which contribute to increase the risk of atherosclerosis during NIDDM, (ii) glutathione (GSH) and cysteinylglycine (CysGly) resulting from GSH degradation catalyzed by gamma-glutamylcysteine transferase (GGT), (iii) malonaldehyde (MDA) as a marker for lipid peroxidation, and (iv) total antioxidant status (TAS). Our main results were evaluated based on sex and diabetic status. In female patients, plasma concentrations of MDA and Hcy were significantly higher than in controls, while GSH levels were significantly lower. In males, a difference between control and diabetic groups was noticed only for Hcy, levels being also higher in patients. In the diabetic group, increase in serum glucose concentration was significantly correlated with increased GGT activity. In both controls and diabetic patients, GGT activity was correlated with a raised Cys concentration and a decreased GSH level. In both controls and diabetic patients, there were significant positive correlations between Cys and Hcy and between GSH and Hcy. We concluded that GSH and MDA levels are clinical indicators for an oxidative process linked to type 2 diabetes mellitus, especially in women.
Increased esterification of cholesterol and transfer of cholesteryl ester to apo B-containing lipoproteins in Type 2 diabetes: relationship to serum lipoproteins A-I and A-II.; This study examines the activity of two key enzymes of reverse cholesterol transport, cholesterol ester transfer protein (CETP) and lecithin:cholesterol acyl transferase (LCAT) in 21 patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 21 control subjects. Serum CETP was assessed by measuring plasma-mediated cholesteryl ester transfer between pooled exogenous lipoprotein with endogenous LCAT inhibited--an estimate of CETP mass. CETP activity was determined as cholesteryl ester transfer in the presence of the patients' lipoproteins and LCAT (endogenous assay). LCAT activity was determined in the same assay. There was no significant difference in CETP mass between the diabetic and non-diabetic subjects and there was no correlation between CETP mass and LCAT activity. Using the endogenous lipoprotein assay, CETP was elevated in serum from diabetic patients compared to control subjects (10.05 +/- 1.89 vs. 5.50 +/- 0.53 nmol/ml/h P < 0.05). LCAT was also increased in the diabetic patients (53.63 +/- 4.70 vs. 41.22 +/- 3.40 nmol/ml/h P < 0.05). Serum free cholesterol from diabetic and control subjects correlated with CETP activity measured using endogenous lipoprotein assay (r = 0.77, P < 0.001 and r = 0.82, P < 0.001), and also with LCAT activity (r = 0.76, P < 0.01 and r = 0.79, P < 0.01). There was a negative correlation between CETP activity with the endogenous lipoprotein assay and serum high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol in the diabetic patients (r = -0.38, P < 0.01), but not in control subjects. In a subgroup of 10 control subjects, there was a positive correlation between LCAT activity and apolipoprotein (apo) A-I (r = 0.49, P < 0.05) and apo A-II (r = 0.51, P < 0.05) and also between CETP activity (endogenous assay) and apo A-I (r = 0.87, P = 0.001) and apo A-II (r = 0.63, P < 0.05). No relationship was observed between CETP activity and apo A-I or apo A-II in the diabetic subjects. Thus, serum CETP mass was normal in Type 2 diabetes but CETP activity (endogenous assay) was increased and was related to free cholesterol levels and LCAT activity in both diabetic and non-diabetic subjects.
Deletion polymorphism of the angiotensin converting enzyme gene is associated with an increase in left ventricular mass in men with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Previous studies evaluating the angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) gene insertion/deletion (I/D) polymorphism have revealed that expression of the DD genotype is associated with an increase in myocardial infarction, cardiomyopathy, and left ventricular (LV) mass in nondiabetic patients. In the present study, a cross-sectional analysis was performed to evaluate the potential relationship between the ACE I/D genotypes and the LV mass index in 289 non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) subjects without known coronary artery disease. Two dimensional directed M-mode echocardiograms along with selected patient characteristics were obtained from the study population. The distribution of the I/D polymorphism was as follows: 63 were II (22%), 137 were ID (47%), and 89 were DD (31%). Univariately, the DD genotype was associated with an increase in LV mass in men but not in women. When subjected to a multiple regression model that included age, systolic blood pressure, duration of diabetes, duration of hypertension, presence of the black race, and the presence of the DD genotype, the DD genotype was independently associated with an increase in the LV mass index with a parameter estimate of 10.5 g/m2 (95% CI = 3.9, 17.0; P < .002) in the male subjects. Thus, in this NIDDM study population, male patients with the DD genotype are independently associated with an increased LV mass.
Rat model of food-induced non-obese-type 2 diabetes mellitus: comparative pathophysiology and histopathology.; Based on the hypothesis that consistent hyperglycemia can result in insulin resistance, we explored the induction of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) using diet of high glycemic/low fat index and compared the effects on the physiology and histology of the rats. The rats were divided into 3 groups. DM was induced in the first group by single intraperitoneal injection of 150mg/kg alloxan monohydrate and in the second group by feeding the rats with diet of high glycemic index/low fat for 8 weeks. The pathophysiology and histopathology of DM were studied. Hyperglycemia was recorded in the alloxan and food-induced groups respectively. Both groups were also positive for glycosuria, which confirmed the induction of DM. Concentrations of plasma potassium, calcium, protein and urea were higher (p<0.05) in the alloxan-induced than the food-induced diabetic rats, whereas food-induced rats recorded higher hematological indices than the alloxan-induced group. Coronary risk indices were higher in food-induced diabetic rats than the alloxan-induced, while activities of antioxidant enzymes were significantly higher (p<0.05) in alloxan-induced diabetic rats than the food-induced rats. Marked degenerations of the Islets of Langerhans was observed in pancreas of alloxan-induced diabetic rats, whereas, histological examination of the pancreas of food-induced and control rats revealed no visible lesion. Liver and kidney of all food and alloxan-induced diabetic rats showed marked degeneration of the hepatocytes and the glomeruli respectively. This study presents a rat model of type II diabetes mellitus using food of high glycemic/low fat index with its consequent ionoregulatory disruptions, acute anemia, hyperlipidemia, nephropathy and hepatopathy.
[Genetic predisposition for multiple metabolic syndrome. Part 1. Diabetes mellitus type 2--incidence and prevalence].; Multiple metabolic syndrome (MMS) implies a frequent coincidence of four basic serious metabolic risk factors for subsequent manifestation of cardiovascular disease. The latter include: central type obesity, arterial hypertension, dyslipoproteinaemia and diabetes mellitus type II (non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus--NIDDM). MMS is also described as syndrome X, Reaven's syndrome, insulin resistance syndrome, metabolic syndrome or as the "deadly quartet". NIDDM in humans is conceived as a syndrome the pathogenesis of which is multifactorial and it is not an unequivocal nosological unit. It many epidemiological studies reliable evidence was provided that in the aetiology of NIDDM a marked genetic influence is involved. Its genetic predisposition is conditioned by the interaction of candidate genes and a complex of influences of the external environment. Evidence was provided that MMS phenotypes cumulate only in members of some families. The mode of genetic transmission of NIDDM remains obscure.
Losartan reduces the costs associated with nephropathy and end-stage renal disease from type 2 diabetes: Economic evaluation of the RENAAL study from a Canadian perspective.; BACKGROUND: The Reduction of Endpoints in NIDDM [non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus] with the Angiotensin II Antagonist Losartan (RENAAL) study demonstrated the renoprotective effects of losartan in patients with nephropathy from type 2 diabetes., OBJECTIVE: To perform an economic evaluation of the costs associated with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) from a Canadian public health perspective, based on the clinical outcomes reported in the RENAAL study., METHODS: ESRD-related costs were determined by estimating the mean number of days with ESRD multiplied by the daily cost of ESRD (140 dollars); mean days with ESRD were calculated by subtracting the area under the Kaplan-Meier survival curve for time to the first event of ESRD or all-cause mortality from the area under the curve for all-cause mortality. Daily ESRD cost was determined using Canadian specific data sources. ESRD-related cost savings with losartan were obtained by subtracting the ESRD-related costs of the losartan group from those of the placebo group. Net cost savings were ESRD-related cost savings with losartan minus the drug cost of losartan., RESULTS: Losartan reduced the number of ESRD days by 33.6 per patient over 3.5 years (95% CI 10.9 to 56.3) compared with placebo. Losartan reduced ESRD-related costs by 4,695 dollars per randomized patient over 3.5 years (95% CI 1,523 dollars to 7,868 dollars). After accounting for the drug cost of losartan, net cost savings with losartan were 3,675 dollars per randomized patient over 3.5 years., CONCLUSION: Losartan therapy for patients with nephropathy from type 2 diabetes reduces the clinical incidence of ESRD and can result in considerable cost savings for the Canadian public health system.
DHEA-PC slows the progression of type 2 diabetes (non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus) in the ZDF/Gmi-fa/fa rat.; The etiology of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is complex and development is manifested by initial insulin resistance coupled with elevated insulin levels in the early diabetic state with concomitant increases in circulating levels of glucose and triglycerides. This is followed by a decline in insulin levels due to pancreatic exhaustion. Our results show that administration of DHEA-PC, a phosphocholine conjugate of dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), delayed the development of NIDDM symptoms and the onset of type 2 diabetes in the ZDF/Gmi-fa/fa rat model. The treatment consisted of weekly implantation of subdermal osmotic infusion pumps in the rats starting at 6 weeks of age (n = 5 animals per group). For the first three weeks the pumps delivered 6 mg/day/rat followed by 12 mg/day/rat for 1 week (control group pumps delivered only carrier vehicle) after which the pumps were removed. Plasma was collected weekly from day 0 through day 58, and glucose, triglycerides, cholesterol, insulin, IGF-1, and IGF-BP3 levels were measured. Data were analyzed by two-way ANOVA. Following 3 weeks of treatment with DHEA-PC, plasma glucose levels in the treated group remained low, 150+/-9 mg/dL, while the levels in the control animals steadily increased to 320+/-100 mg/dL (p < 0.05). After the DHEA-PC treatment ended, plasma glucose plateaued for 10 days and then took 25 days to reach the level in the control animals (p < 0.05). After 2 weeks of DHEA-PC treatment, plasma triglyceride levels in the treated group remained low, 85+/-24 mg/dL, while the level in the control rats increased to 180+/-35 mg/dL (p < 0.05). After the treatment was terminated triglyceride levels in the treated group increased to control levels within 2 days. Insulin, IGF-1, IGF-BP3, cholesterol, body weight, and food consumption were not changed by DHEA-PC treatment (p < 0.05). Therefore, the delay of increases in plasma glucose and triglycerides, caused by DHEA-PC, was not the result of differences in caloric intake, increased insulin, or increased IGF-1 levels. The data suggest that DHEA-PC delayed the onset of the two most important parameters of NIDDM, namely hyperglycemia and hypertriglyceridemia. (ZDF/Gmi-fa/fa rats and their care was supplied by contract with Genetic Models Inc., Indianapolis, IN.).
Acarbose for the prevention of diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance: the Study to Prevent Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (STOP-NIDDM) Trial.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate, in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), the effect of acarbose on the incidence of diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease., METHODS: The Study to Prevent Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (STOP-NIDDM) Trial was an international, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized investigation, undertaken in 9 participating countries from December 1995 through August 2001. Patients were randomly assigned to receive placebo (N = 715) or acarbose, 100 mg three times a day (N = 714), and underwent follow-up for a mean of 3.3 years. Sixty-one subjects (4%) were excluded from the study because they did not have IGT or had no postrandomization data; thus, 1,368 subjects remained for intent-to-treat analysis. The outcome measures were the development of diabetes based on a single oral glucose tolerance test, the development of hypertension ((3) 140/90 mm Hg), and the development of major cardiovascular events, including coronary heart disease, cardiovascular death, stroke, and peripheral vascular disease., RESULTS: Two hundred eleven subjects in the acarbose-treated group and 130 in the placebo group discontinued treatment prematurely; however, they underwent follow-up for assessment of end points. Acarbose treatment resulted in a 25% relative risk reduction in the development of type 2 diabetes (hazards ratio [HR], 0.75; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.63 to 0.90; P = 0.0015), in a 34% risk reduction in the development of new cases of hypertension (HR, 0.66; 95% CI, 0.49 to 0.89; P = 0.0059), and in a 49% risk reduction in the development of cardiovascular events (HR, 0.51; 95% CI, 0.28 to 0.95; P = 0.03). A post hoc cost-effectiveness analysis done from the Swedish perspective showed that acarbose treatment was likely to be cost-effective in the management of subjects with IGT., CONCLUSION: The STOP-NIDDM Trial demonstrated that, in subjects with IGT, acarbose treatment was effective in reducing the risk of type 2 diabetes. It also suggested that it was associated with a reduction in hypertension and cardiovascular disease.
Intracellular glucose and fat metabolism in identical twins discordant for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM): acquired versus genetic metabolic defects?.; UNLABELLED: Intracellular glucose and lipid metabolism was studied in 12 identical twin pairs discordant for non-insulin-dependent (Type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 13 control subjects without family history of diabetes during low (baseline) and high plasma insulin concentrations, using the hyperinsulinaemic clamp technique combined with indirect calorimetry, tritiated water glycolytic flux rates and biopsy skeletal muscle glycogen synthase activity determinations. Baseline and insulin stimulated rates of lipid oxidation were elevated--and glucose oxidation decreased--in the NIDDM twins compared with the non-diabetic co-twins and controls (all p < 0.05). Baseline and insulin stimulated rates of glucose and lipid oxidation were similar in non-diabetic twins and controls. Exogenous glycolytic flux was decreased in NIDDM twins compared with both their non-diabetic co-twins and controls during clamp insulin measurements (p < 0.02), but similar in all study groups during baseline measurements. Insulin stimulated glucose disposal, exogenous glucose storage (glucose disposal-exogenous glycolytic flux) and skeletal muscle glycogen synthase activity were all significantly decreased in NIDDM twins compared with both their non-diabetic co-twins and controls. Furthermore, glucose disposal and glucose storage were decreased in the non-diabetic twins (n = 12) compared with controls (p < 0.05 both). However, insulin stimulated fractional skeletal muscle glycogen synthase activity was not significantly decreased in non-diabetic twins compared with controls., IN CONCLUSION: (1) the glucose fatty acid cycle plays a major role in the secondary--but not the primary--abnormalities of glucose metabolism in NIDDM; (2) insulin resistance in non-diabetic identical co-twins of NIDDM patients is restricted exclusively to the pathway of exogenous glucose storage; (3) however, the decreased glucose storage is not explained solely by an impairment of insulin stimulated skeletal muscle glycogen synthase activity; and finally (4) the impairment of skeletal muscle glycogen synthase activity in NIDDM has an apparent non-genetic component and can be escaped (or postponed) in individuals (twins) with a 100% genetic predisposition to NIDDM.
Reduced intraplatelet magnesium concentrations in elderly patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; Intraplatelet magnesium concentrations were evaluated in 50 non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients divided into two groups of 25 each (<60 or >65 years) and in a control group of 30 healthy subjects, divided into two age-matched subgroups of 15 each. In all patients magnesium concentrations were assayed in plasma, erythrocytes and platelets by means of direct current plasma spectrometry. Plasma, erythrocyte and platelet magnesium levels in healthy elderly subjects were found to be comparable to those in the group of younger healthy subjects, whereas plasma, erythrocyte and platelet magnesium levels in diabetics were lower than in controls. The reduction in intraplatelet magnesium concentrations found in elderly diabetics was greater than in the younger diabetics. In diabetics, moreover, an inverse correlation was found between platelet magnesium and age, but not between plasma or erythrocyte magnesium and age. Our findings show that aging can influence the alterations in the metabolism and compartmentalization of magnesium determined by type 2 diabetes mellitus. This condition may underlie platelet function alterations which, in turn, can exacerbate vascular complications from diabetes.
Non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type 2) secondary failure. Metformin-glibenclamide treatment.; The goal of sulphonylurea (S) treatment in Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (NIDDM - type 2 diabetes) subjects should be to obtain a satisfactory glycemic control (fasting glycemic levels < 140 mg%). The loss of an adequate blood glucose control after an initial variable period of S is known as secondary failure (SF). The number of SF are extremely variable among different trials for many reasons, some of which are patient-related: increased food intake, weight gain, non-compliance, poor physical activity, stress, diseases and/or impaired pancreatic beta cell function, desensitization after S chronic therapy, reduced absorption, concomitant therapies. Many therapeutic strategies have been proposed to achieve an adequate metabolic control in type 2 diabetes patients: switch to intensive insulin therapy and subsequent return to S therapy; association with insulin; association with sulphonylureas plus biguanides. The association biguanides and S, in particular glibenclamide plus metformin, is now widely used by diabetologists in SF since glibenclamide improves insulin secretion while metformin exerts its antidiabetic.
Prevalence and severity of periodontal disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus (non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus) patients in Bangalore city: An epidemiological study.; BACKGROUND: Our objective was to study the prevalence and severity of periodontal disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) patients in Bangalore city., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Four hundred and eight type 2 DM patients (Study Group) and 100 non-diabetic patients (Control Group) among the age group of 35-75 years were included in the study. The study group was divided based on Glycated hemoglobin levels into well, moderately and poorly controlled. Relevant information regarding age, oral hygiene habits and personal habits was obtained from the patients. Diabetic status and mode of anti-diabetic therapy of the study group was obtained from the hospital records with consent from the patient. Community periodontal index (CPI) was used to assess the periodontal status. The results were statistically evaluated., RESULTS: The mean CPI score and the number of missing teeth was higher in diabetics compared with non-diabetics, and was statistically significant (P=0.000), indicating that prevalence and extent of periodontal disease was more frequent and more severe in diabetic patients. The risk factors like Glycated hemoglobin, duration of diabetes, fasting blood sugar, personal habits and oral hygiene habits showed a positive correlation with periodontal destruction, whereas mode of anti-diabetic therapy showed a negative correlation according to the multiple regression analysis. The odds ratio of a diabetic showing periodontal destruction in comparison with a non-diabetic was 1.97, 2.10 and 2.42 in well, moderately and poorly controlled diabetics, respectively., CONCLUSION: Our study has made an attempt to determine the association between type 2 DM (NIDDM) and periodontal disease in Bangalore city. It was found that type 2 DM (non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus [NIDDM]) subjects manifested relatively higher prevalence and severity of periodontal disease as compared with non-diabetics.
Relationships between plasma leptin and insulin concentrations, but not insulin resistance, in non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus.; In non-diabetic subjects, insulin concentrations and insulin resistance are clearly connected, and both correlate with leptin levels, making interpretations about mechanisms difficult. In non-insulin-dependent (Type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), however, insulin concentrations and insulin resistance are less closely associated. Therefore, we examined the relationship of plasma leptin concentrations within insulin resistance and insulin levels in 32 subjects with NIDDM, who underwent measurement of insulin resistance with an insulin sensitivity test. Plasma leptin was measured with an in-house monoclonal immunoradiometric assay. Fasting leptin level correlated with BMI (r = 0.78; p < 0.001), metabolic clearance rate of glucose (= -0.44; p = 0.015), and fasting specific insulin (r = 0.58; p = 0.001), but not with age, cholesterol, triglycerides or blood pressure (r = -0.26 to 0.21; p = NS). In linear regression analysis, after adjustment for BMI and gender, leptin concentrations correlated with those of insulin (partial r = 0.42; p = 0.025), but not insulin resistance (partial r = -0.10; p = NS). We conclude that in NIDDM, concentrations of plasma leptin are closely related to those of insulin per se and to obesity, but not to insulin resistance. Insulin may be an important regulator of leptin concentration in NIDDM.
Glucokinase mutations associated with non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus have decreased enzymatic activity: implications for structure/function relationships.; The glycolytic enzyme glucokinase plays an important role in the regulation of insulin secretion and recent studies have shown that mutations in the human glucokinase gene are a common cause of an autosomal dominant form of non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) that has an onset often during childhood. The majority of the mutations that have been identified are missense mutations that result in the synthesis of a glucokinase molecule with an altered amino acid sequence. To characterize the effect of these mutations on the catalytic properties of human beta-cell glucokinase, we have expressed native and mutant forms of this protein in Escherichia coli. All of the missense mutations show changes in enzyme activity including a decrease in Vmax and/or increase in Km for glucose. Using a model for the three-dimensional structure of human glucokinase based on the crystal structure of the related enzyme yeast hexokinase B, the mutations map primarily to two regions of the protein. One group of mutations is located in the active site cleft separating the two domains of the enzyme as well as in surface loops leading into this cleft. These mutations usually result in large reductions in enzyme activity. The second group of mutations is located far from the active site in a region that is predicted to undergo a substrate-induced conformational change that results in closure of the active site cleft. These mutations show a small approximately 2-fold reduction in Vmax and a 5- to 10-fold increase in Km for glucose. The characterization of mutations in glucokinase that are associated with a distinct and readily recognizable form of NIDDM has led to the identification of key amino acids involved in glucokinase catalysis and localized functionally important regions of the glucokinase molecule.
The biochemical basis of increased hepatic glucose production in a mouse model of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The mechanism of increased hepatic glucose production in obese non-insulin-dependent diabetic (NIDDM) patients is unknown. The New Zealand Obese (NZO) mouse, a polygenic model of obesity and NIDDM shows increased hepatic glucose production. To determine the mechanism of this phenomenon, we measured gluconeogenesis from U-14C-glycerol and U-14C-alanine and relevant gluconeogenic enzymes. Gluconeogenesis from glycerol (0.07 +/- 0.01 vs 0.21 +/- 0.02 micromol.min-1.body mass index (BMI)-1, p < 0.005) and alanine (0.57 +/- 0.07 vs 0.99 +/- 0.07 micromol.min-1.BMI-1, p < 0.005) was elevated in control mice NZO vs as was glycerol turnover (0.25 +/- 0.02 vs 0.63 +/- 0.09 micromol.min-1.BMI-1, p < 0.05). Fructose 1,6-bisphosphatase activity (44.2 +/- 1.9 vs 55.7 +/- 4.1 nmol.min-1.mg protein-1, p < 0.05) and protein levels (6.9 +/- 1.1 vs 16.7 +/- 2.3 arbitrary units, p < 0.01) were increased in NZO mouse livers, as was the activity of pyruvate carboxylase (0.12 +/- 0.01 vs 0.17 +/- 0.02 nmol.min-1.mg protein-1, p < 0.05). To ascertain whether elevated lipid supply is responsible for these biochemical changes in NZO mice, we fed lean control mice a 60% fat diet for 2 weeks. Fat-fed mice were hyperinsulinaemic (76.37 +/- 4.06 vs 98.00 +/- 7.07 pmol/l, p = 0.05) and had elevated plasma non-esterified fatty acid levels (0.44 +/- 0.05 vs 0.59 +/- 0.03 mmol/l, p = 0.05). Fructose 1,6-bisphosphatase activity (43.86 +/- 2.54 vs 52.93 +/- 3.09 nmol.min-1.mg protein-1, p = 0.05) and protein levels (33.03 +/- 0.96 vs 40.04 +/- 1.26 arbitrary units, p = 0.005) and pyruvate carboxylase activity (0.10 +/- 0.003 vs 0.14 +/- 0.01 nmol.min-1.mg protein-1, p < 0.05) were elevated in fat-fed mice. We conclude that in NZO mice increased hepatic glucose production is due to elevated lipolysis resulting from obesity.
The Clinical and Biochemical Parameter Data: Effect of High Blood Glucose on Diabetic Nephropathy Among Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (NIDDM), Thailand.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is one of the long-term complications of patients with type 2 diabetes. The leading causes of DN are high blood glucose and hyper systolic blood pressure., METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was performed to explore the effects of high blood sugar and hyper systolic blood pressure on DN among 660 non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Data was collected from the HosXP program and medical records from 2016 to 2020. The Forest plot was used to examine the effect of hypertriglyceridemia and hyper systolic blood pressure with DN., RESULTS: The results confirmed that the factors associated with DN were male, age >= 60years, diabetic duration >= 10 years, systolic BP >= 130 mmHg, and HbA1c >= 6%., CONCLUSION: The health promotion program should be comprised of the control of blood glucose and systolic blood pressure procedure especially male patients with age >= 60 years and diabetic duration >= 10 years.
[Nephropathy in non-insulin-dependent (type-2) diabetes mellitus].; There is a dramatic increase in the incidence of end-stage renal disease in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) requiring renal replacement therapy. The most important risk factors of the onset of nephropathy in NIDDM are genetic predisposition (history of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular events in first-degree relatives), hypertension, quality of glycaemic control and smoking. These risk factors play an important role also in the progression of diabetic nephropathy. In about 20-25% of NIDDM patients nondiabetic renal diseases cause the renal damage (other primary nephropathies, ischaemic nephropathy). NIDDM is mainly the part of metabolic x syndrome (hypertension, obesity, dyslipidaemia, impaired glucose tolerance or NIDDM) and, for this reason, all members of metabolic x syndrome has to be involved in treatment strategies e.g. blood pressure "subnormalization", aggressive glycaemic control, cessation of smoking, the treatment of obesity and dyslipidaemia with diet, physical activity and antilipidaemic drugs, as well as restriction of dietary protein and salt intake. The successful prevention and treatment of diabetic nephropathy needs the development of an interdisciplinary interaction that involves general practitioners, diabetologists and nephrologists.
Effect of oral antidiabetic agents on plasma amylin level in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type 2).; The purpose of the study was the comparison of the effect of the oral therapy of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with either a sulphonylurea or biguanide derivative on plasma amylin level. In 10 healthy individuals the fasting plasma amylin level was 1.56 +/- 0.27 pmol/l (mean +/- SEM) and 6 min after i.v. injection of 1 mg glucagon a fourfold increase was observed. In 10 patients with NIDDM receiving glibenclamide (CAS 10238-21-8) the fasting plasma amylin level was twofold higher than in healthy control (2.72 +/- 0.38 pmol/l; p < 0.025) but following glucagon administration it increased only twofold. In 15 patients treated with metformin (CAS 657-24-9) the fasting plasma amylin level was similar to that in healthy individuals (1.64 +/- 0.25 pmol/l), but after glucagon stimulation the increment of plasma amylin was minimal and the relevant mean value was significantly lower when compared with those in healthy individuals and with NIDDM patients treated with glibenclamide. In 10 untreated obese patients with newly diagnosed NIDDM the administration of glibenclamide (14 days) resulted in the increase of basal (2.47 +/- 0.23 and 3.16 +/- 0.29 pmol/l; p < 0.1), and glucagon stimulated (3.34 +/- 0.39 and 4.56 +/- 0.38; p < 0.05) plasma amylin concentrations, whereas other 10 patients receiving metformin showed a decrease in fasting plasma level of this peptide before (2.64 +/- 0.59 and 1.28 +/- 0.38 pmol/l; p < 0.1), and after glucagon injection (5.02 +/- 0.55 and 2.83 +/- 0.65 pmol/l; p < 0.02). With the respect to the trophic effect of amyloid deposits in the pancreatic islets and to a hypothetic effect of amylin increasing insulin resistance, the present results emphasize the particular usefulness of metformin in the pharmacological treatment of NIDDM. All contraindications and side effects of metformin should be taken into account before drug administration.
Pirenzepine decreases basal and stimulated GH secretion in patients with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Growth hormone (GH) hypersecretion has been described in diabetes mellitus and seems to be involved in the pathogenesis of diabetes complications. As pirenzepine (PZ), a cholinergic muscarinic antagonist, is able to inhibit GH hypersecretion in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), we investigated whether PZ is also able to inhibit spontaneous and stimulated GH-release in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Ten non-obese well-controlled patients with NIDDM underwent in random order the following three double-blind one week treatments: placebo (PL), PZ at low dose (PL in the morning plus PZ 50 mg at 22 h) or high dose (PZ 50 mg at 8 h plus 100 mg at 22 h). Pirenzepine administration significantly (p < 0.05) decreased nocturnal GH release after both low and high dose (AUC, PL vs PZ: 107.3 +/- 26.5 vs 48.3 +/- 10.5 and 57.6 +/- 9.6 micrograms/L/h, respectively). The GH response to arginine infusion was significantly inhibited by PZ at high dose (AUC, 147.1 +/- 48.8 vs 444.7 +/- 194.3 micrograms/L/h, p < 0.01), but not at low dose. Glucose, insulin, glucagon and somatostatin responses to arginine infusion were not changed by pirenzepine treatment. In conclusion, the muscarinic blockade by PZ is able to inhibit the spontaneous and stimulated GH secretion also in NIDDM without affecting insulin secretion.
Significance of platelet-activating factor acetylhydrolase in patients with non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) represents an independent risk factor for cardiovascular diseases (CVD), being characterized by a continuous low-grade inflammation and endothelial activation state. Plasma platelet - activating factor - acetylhydrolases (PAF-AHs) are a subgroup of Ca(2+)-independent phospholipase A(2) family (also known as lipoprotein-associated phospholipases A(2)) that hydrolyze and inactivate the lipid mediator platelet-activating factor (PAF) and/or oxidized phospholipids. This enzyme is considered to play an important role in inflammatory diseases and atherosclerosis. The present study aims to investigate the relations between the levels of PAF-AH activity and LDL-cholesterol / HDL-cholesterol (LDL-ch / HDL-ch) ratio in NIDDM patients as compared to controls., METHODS: serum PAF-AH activity was measured in 50 patients with dyslipidemia, in 50 NIDDM patients and in 50 controls (normal lipid and glucose levels). Total cholesterol, LDL-ch, HDL-ch, triglyceride and blood glucose were determined in all subjects., RESULTS: All NIDDM patients display hiperlipidemia, with increased LDL-ch and triglyceride levels. There is a significant correlation between LDL-ch levels (especially LDL-ch / HDL-ch ratio) and PAF-AH activity in dyslipidemic and NIDDM patients., CONCLUSION: Diabetic and dyslipidemic patients have an increased plasma PAF-AH activity correlated with their LDL-ch levels and mainly with LDL-ch / HDL-ch ratio. Plasma PAF-AH high levels appear to be important as a risk marker for endothelial dysfunction in patients with NIDDM.
Mutations in the hepatocyte nuclear factor-1 alpha gene (MODY3) are not a major cause of early-onset non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus in Japanese.; Maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY3), a monogenic subtype of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with an early age of onset, is characterized by a primary defect in insulin secretion. Recently, it has been shown that mutations of the gene encoding the transcription factor hepatocyte nuclear factor-1 alpha (HNF-1 alpha) cause MODY3. Since NIDDM in Japanese is characterized by insulin secretory defects due to primary beta-cell dysfunction, we screened 60 Japanese nonobese subjects with early-onset NIDDM for mutations in this gene, 45 of whom had a first-degree relative with NIDDM. Direct sequencing of the ten exons and flanking introns of the gene in these subjects identified eight nucleotide substitutions including two amino acid changes, Ile-27-Leu and Ser-487-Asn, the frequencies of which were not significantly different in subjects with early-onset NIDDM and nondiabetic subjects. These results suggest that mutations in the HNF-1 alpha gene are not a major cause of early-onset NIDDM in Japanese.
Molecular scanning of candidate mitochondrial tRNA genes in type 2 (non-insulin dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) gene defects may play a role in the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). In order to search for potentially diabetogenic mtDNA defects we have applied the technique of single stranded conformational polymorphism (SSCP) analysis to 124 patients with a history of NIDDM and 40 non-diabetic controls. No new heteroplasmic mutations were detected. However, a variety of homoplasmic variants were found in patients with NIDDM; some of these merit further investigation.
Management of newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus: a retrospective audit.; A retrospective survey of the case records of 130 patients with newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) was performed to assess the effect of 1 year of clinical attendance on blood glucose control, body weight, lipid profile and blood pressure. The mean age of these patients was 63 +/- (SE) 0.1 years and 45% were 65 years or older. Body mass index (BMI) was 28.3 +/- 0.49 kg m-2 and 72% were overweight or obese. Sixty-seven percent of the patients were hypertensive (WHO criteria). Serum cholesterol was 6.0 +/- 0.2 mmol/l, HDL cholesterol 1.0 +/- 0.0 mmol/l and triglycerides 3.14 +/- 0.29 mmol/l (non-fasting). Seventy-two percent of the patients were managed on diet alone and 23% by diet plus sulphonylurea. The remaining 5% were treated by metformin or a combination of metformin plus sulphonylurea. After one year, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1) decreased from 10.7 +/- 0.3% to 8.2 +/- 0.2% (P less than 0.01; normal less than 7.5%). The sulphonylurea groups showed similar decreases in HbA1. Overall there was a small but significant fall in BMI (-0.5 +/- 0.2 kg m-2; P less than 0.05). However, the diet treated patients showed a significant decrease in BMI (-0.8 +/- 0.3 kg m-2; P less than 0.01) whilst BMI increased in the sulphonylurea treated group (+0.7 +/- 0.2 kg m-2; P less than 0.01). Serum lipid concentrations remained unchanged in both groups. The proportion of patients with hypertension remained the same. Hence after one year of clinical attendance, HbA1 improved but there was minimal change in the associated cardiovascular risk factors.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Postprandial lipid metabolism and beta-cell function in non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus after a mixed meal with a high fat content.; Postprandial lipid profiles and release of insulin (INS), intact proinsulin (PI), and 32-33 split proinsulin (SPI) in response to a mixed meal with a high fat content were determined over a 12 h period in non-obese control subjects (n = 10) and non-insulin-dependent (Type 2) diabetic (NIDDM) patients with normotriglyceridaemia (NTG; n = 11) and hypertriglyceridaemia (HTG; n = 10), by calculation of the 'areas under the curves' (AUC). The postprandial triglyceride-AUC was significantly greater in HTG-NIDDM patients (p < 0.05) than in NTG-NIDDM or control subjects. Chylomicron clearance was impaired only in HTG-NIDDM patients (p < 0.05). Chylomicron-remnant clearance was impaired in both groups of NIDDM patients (p < 0.05). The postprandial suppression of plasma non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) content was impaired in HTG-NIDDM patients (p < 0.05). The postprandial INS-, PI- and SPI-AUCS were significantly greater than in the control subjects (p < 0.05). In NIDDM, triglyceride-AUC correlated significantly with PI and SPI release (triglyceride-AUC vs PI, p < 0.05; triglyceride-AUC vs SPI, p < 0.01). Chylomicron AUC was unrelated to the fasting plasma INS, PI or SPI content, unlike chylomicron-remnant-AUC (Chylomicron-remnant-AUC vs INS, p = NS; chylomicron-remnant-AUC vs PI, p < 0.01; chylomicron-remnant-AUC vs SPI, p < 0.01). The NEFA response was associated with fasting plasma SPI content (NEFA-AUC vs SPI, p < 0.05). Postprandial chylomicron AUC was not related to the overall secretion of INS, PI or SPI. However, triglyceride-, chylomicron-remnant- and NEFA-AUCs were all associated positively with the release of PI and SPI (p < 0.05). In multivariate analyses, chylomicron-remnant clearance had the major relationship with the release of insulin precursors, accounting for 23% of the variability (p < 0.01). Inclusion of overall response of free fatty acids improved the model, with both parameters together accounting for 30% of the variability (p < 0.01). The output of the beta-cell over the postprandial period differed between the NIDDM patients and the control subjects in that when glycaemic stimulation was moderate, the proportion of insulin-like molecules as a percentage of the total output was greater than in control subjects but this was not the situation when glycaemia was greatest. We conclude that abnormal postprandial lipaemia in NIDDM is associated with beta-cell output, possibly mediated by the availability of free fatty acids.
Supplementation with long-chain n-3 fatty acids in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients leads to the lowering of oleic acid content in serum phospholipids.; BACKGROUND: The dietary supplementation with EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid; 20:5n3) and DHA (docosahexaenoic acid; 22:6n3) has been recommended because of their favourable effects on the cardiovascular system (including complications of NIDDM). Oleic acid (18:1n9) from olive oil has some analogous and complementary effects. Potential competitive relations between long-chain n-3 fatty acids (FAs) and the oleic acid would therefore mean a problem., AIM OF THE STUDY: We focused primarily on the oleic acid changes in serum phospholipids (SPL) after a supplementation with EPA and DHA., METHODS: Thirty-five patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were supplemented for 28 days with 1.7 g of EPA plus 1.15 g of DHA/day (as Maxepa capsules, Seven Seas, U. K.). After that, a 3-month wash-out control period with 21 patients followed. A fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids (SPL) was determined by capillary gas-chromatography. Values were calculated as relative percentages of all FAs., RESULTS: After the supplementation with the Maxepa capsules, there was a very strong increase in EPA, docosapentaenoic acid (22:5n3) and DHA content in SPL. It was followed by a strong decrease after the wash-out (all p < 0.0001). The oleic acid SPL content after the intervention significantly decreased from 10. 105 +/- 0.307% (mean +/- S. E. M.) to 9.082 +/- 0.276 % (p < 0.0003). During the wash-out, the change was in the opposite direction (p < 0.0001). When the intervention and the wash-out periods were taken together, changes in the oleic acid were inversely correlated with changes in EPA, docosapentaenoic acid and DHA (r = -0.729; r = -0.552; r = -0.629, respectively; p < 0.0001; n = 56). On the background of the overall n-6 FA reduction, the decline in the arachidonic acid after the supplementation (p < 0.0001) and its rise after the wash-out (p < 0.0003) were similar. There were no significant changes in the saturated FA spectrum., CONCLUSIONS: Supplementation with long-chain n-3 FAs in NIDDM patients leads to the lowering of oleic acid SPL content. Whereas the reduction of the arachidonic acid may have some desirable aspects (e. g. suppression of thromboxane TxA2 or 4 series leukotriene production), the decline of the former is to be regarded as a potential problem. Therefore, the search for optimally balanced blends of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) seems to be more promising than a supplementation with only one type of FA.
Familiality of quantitative metabolic traits in Finnish families with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Finland-United States Investigation of NIDDM Genetics (FUSION) Study investigators.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a complex disorder encompassing multiple metabolic defects. There exists strong evidence for a genetic component to NIDDM; however, to date there have been few reports of linkage between genetic markers along the genome and NIDDM or NIDDM-related quantitative traits. We sought to determine whether individual quantitative traits which determine glucose tolerance exhibit familiality in Finnish families with at least one NIDDM-affected sibling pair. Tolbutamide-modified frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance tests (FSIGT) were performed on unaffected offspring (n = 431) and spouses (n = 154) of affected sibling pairs sampled for the Finland-United States Investigation of NIDDM Genetics (FUSION) study. FSIGT data were analyzed using the Minimal Model to obtain quantitative measures of insulin sensitivity (SI), glucose effectiveness (SG), and insulin secretion assessed as the acute insulin response to glucose (AIR). The disposition index (DI), a measure of insulin resistance-corrected beta-cell function, was also derived as the product of SI and AIR. Variance components analysis was used to determine for each trait, the heritability (h2), the proportion of the total trait variance accounted for by additive genes. After adjustment for age, gender, and body mass index, h2 estimates were: SG: 18 +/- 9%, SI: 28 +/- 8%, AIR: 35 +/- 8%, and DI: 23 +/- 8%. We conclude that there is strong evidence for modest heritability of Minimal-Model-derived NIDDM-related quantitative traits in unaffected spouses and offspring of Finnish affected sibling pairs.
Erythrocyte, plasma total, ultrafiltrable and platelet magnesium in type 2 (non-insulin dependent) diabetes mellitus.; We studied plasma magnesium, plasma ultrafiltrable magnesium, erythrocyte and platelet magnesium in 28 non-insulin dependent (NIDDM) patients and 28 age and sex matched non-diabetic control subjects. The plasma magnesium concentration was significantly lower in the diabetic subjects as compared with the control subjects (0.67 +/- 0.09 mmol/l versus 0.72 +/- 0.07 mmol/l, P < 0.05) as was plasma ultrafiltrable magnesium (0.43 +/- 0.06 mmol/l versus 0.47 +/- 0.05 mmol/l, P < 0.01. Similarly, erythrocyte magnesium was lower in the diabetic subjects than the non diabetic controls, (0.17 +/- 0.03 nmol/10(6) cells versus 0.19 +/- 0.02 nmol/10(6) cells, P < 0.01. Platelet magnesium was higher in the diabetic subjects (48.3 +/- 19.1 umol/g platelet protein versus 36.6 +/- 22.2 umol/g platelet protein, P < 0.01). There was no significant difference between the % plasma ultrafiltrable magnesium with respect to total plasma levels between the diabetic and normal subjects (64.7 +/- 4.7% versus 65.8 +/- 3.2% respectively). There was no significant correlation between any of these parameters and systolic or diastolic blood pressure of HbA1C in the diabetics. Nor were there any significant differences in these magnesium parameters in patients with or without diabetic complications.
Metabolic effects of omega-3 fatty acids in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients.; The metabolic effects of a 3-week dietary supplement of a fish oil concentrate was examined in mildly obese, normotriglyceridemic men with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) treated with hypoglycemic agents (n = 20). Patients were randomized into two groups, receiving 15 ml per day of fish oil (Martens Oil, Norway) containing 3.1 g of omega-3 fatty acids (FA) (n = 10) or placebo (n = 10). Whereas fish oil led to the expected increase in the ratio of omega-3 to omega-6 FA in serum phospholipids, reflecting the increase in omega-3 FA intake, it did not alter fasting or mixed meal stimulated blood glucose, plasma insulin, and C-peptide concentrations. No changes in insulin action were noted, estimated by the metabolic clearance rates of glucose at plasma insulin levels of approximately 100 microU/ml and 1,400 microU/ml during a hyperinsulinemic, isoglycemic clamp; no changes were seen in insulin binding to erythrocytes. We conclude that during short-term administration, no adverse effects of low dose fish oil on glucose homeostasis were found in mildly obese NIDDM patients treated with oral hypoglycemic agents.
Conversion of IGT to type 2 diabetes mellitus is associated with incident cases of hypertension: a post-hoc analysis of the STOP-NIDDM trial.; BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypertension are closely associated and contribute together to microvascular and macrovascular end-organ damage. Prevalence of hypertension is increased even in the prediabetic state. However, there is little information available about the relationship between incidence of hypertension and a deterioration of glucose tolerance from impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) to diabetes., METHODS: To clarify these issues we analysed data from the Stop non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (STOP-NIDDM) trial - a prospective interventional study for the prevention of type 2 diabetes in people with prediabetes using the alpha-glucosidase inhibitor acarbose. Hypertension was already present at study entry in 702 (51.3%) of 1368 patients who were eligible for intention-to-treat analysis., RESULTS: A total of 96 out of the 666 normotensive individuals at baseline developed hypertension during the 3.3-year follow-up. The strongest risk factors for time to development of hypertension were abdominal obesity at baseline [hazard ratio 1.91, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.19-3.05, P < 0.01] and worsening of glucose tolerance (hazard ratio 1.54, 95% CI 1.02-2.32, P < 0.05), whereas acarbose treatment reduced the risk of hypertension (hazard ratio 0.59, 95% CI 0.39-0.90, P < 0.05)., CONCLUSION: A significant relationship was found between the development of type 2 diabetes and hypertension in patients with IGT, and treatment with acarbose, which primarily improved postprandial hyperglycaemia, reduced the incidence of hypertension as well as diabetes. This suggests that the two entities shared 'common soil'.
Development and validation of a risk-score model for subjects with impaired glucose tolerance for the assessment of the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus-The STOP-NIDDM risk-score.; AIMS: To develop a risk-score model, based on available clinical data to assess absolute risk of type 2 diabetes among people with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT)., METHODS: Data from the study to prevent non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (STOP-NIDDM) investigating acarbose treatment in individuals with IGT were used to develop multivariable Cox proportional hazards model for the time to onset of diabetes. The final model equation was externally validated using data from the Finnish Cardiovascular Risk Factor (FINRISK) population., RESULTS: The risk-score model included the variables acarbose treatment, gender, serum triglyceride level, waist circumference, fasting plasma glucose, height, history of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and hypertension. The final model yielded an area under the receiver-operating-characteristic curve (AUC(ROC)) of 0.64 when applied to people with IGT in the STOP-NIDDM, and 0.84 and 0.90 when applied to FINRISK population with IGT alone and IGT and normal glucose tolerance combined, respectively; AUC(ROC) is a measure of the discriminatory power of the model (1, perfect discrimination)., CONCLUSIONS: The STOP-NIDDM risk-score is a simple and validated tool that can identify high-risk individuals with IGT who would benefit most from type 2 diabetes or CVD prevention strategies, such as lifestyle management or early acarbose treatment. Copyright 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Experts' opinion on inositols in treating polycystic ovary syndrome and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus: a further help for human reproduction and beyond.; Introduction: This Experts' opinion provides an updated scientific support to gynecologists, obstetricians, endocrinologists, nutritionists, neurologists and general practitioners on the use of Inositols in the therapy of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) and non-insulin dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Areas covered: This paper summarizes the physiology of Myo-Inositol (MI) and D-Chiro-Inositol (DCI), two important molecules present in human organisms, and their therapeutic role, also for treating infertility. Some deep differences between the physiological functions of MI and DCI, as well as their safety and intestinal absorption are discussed. Updates include new evidence on the efficacy exerted in PCOS by the 40:1 MI/DCI ratio, and the innovative approach based on alpha-lactalbumin to overcome the decreased therapeutic efficacy of Inositols in some patients. Expert opinion: The evidence suggests that MI, alone or with DCI in the 40:1 ratio, offers a promising treatment for PCOS and NIDDM. However, additional studies need to evaluate some still unresolved issues, such as the best MI/DCI ratio for treating NIDDM, the potential cost-effectiveness of reduced gonadotropins administration in IVF due to MI treatment, or the benefit of MI supplementation in ovulation induction with clomiphene citrate in PCOS patients.
Recent development of single preparations and fixed-dose combination tablets for the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus : A comprehensive summary for antidiabetic drugs.; As a complex endocrine and metabolic disorder, type 2 diabetes mellitus (non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, NIDDM) has become a major threat to human health. Because of the heterogeneous and progressive disorders induced by insulin resistance and pancreatic b-cell dysfunction, the treatment of NIDDM is still challenging. Although antidiabetic drugs with different pharmacological mechanisms of action have been used clinically, different degrees of undesirable glucose control and the incidences of a variety of side effects, including hypoglycemia, cardiovascular complications and weight gain require the better treatment options. This article has overviewed the current literature about commercially available antidiabetic drugs with different pharmacological mechanisms of action in the treatment of NIDDM, and summarized the published data regarding the efficacy, tolerability, and safety of currently available single preparations and fixed-dose combinations, aiming to provide important information for the development and application of antidiabetic drugs in the future. The literature search from 1989 to 2015 was conducted by PubMed, ScienceDirect, Springer, American Diabetes Association, and U.S. FDA Drugs databases.
Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus: present therapies and new drug targets.; Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (DM) or Non-Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (NIDDM) accounts for 90-95% of all diabetes cases and has become a major health concern over the years. This disease has assumed frightening proportions due to unhealthy food habits and sedentary life style. About a decade ago, due to the absence of defined molecular targets or an understanding of disease pathophysiology, treatment of this disease was mostly focused on insulin secretion or administration of external insulin. During the past decade however, advent of genomics and proteomics has helped in understanding the molecular alteration characteristics of NIDDM. Untreated type 2 diabetes leads to several complications such as hyperlipidemia, hypertension and atherosclerosis--collectively known as Syndrome X. Though United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study (UKPDS) showed that normalization of hyperglycemia could prevent majority of diabetes complications, the available treatment regime does not adequately normalize the blood glucose level in type 2 diabetic patients. Currently, four distinct classes of oral hypoglycemic agents are available, some of which can act as lipid lowering agents as well. The efficacy and side effect profiles of these drugs are still to be optimized, so there is an unmet need for better candidates. Several new targets as well as better drugs for old targets are under investigation across the world. Availability of such drugs, based on the validated targets, may lead to a new therapeutic paradigm for the prevention of diabetes as well as complications arising out of it. The current review will deal with existing oral therapies for type 2 diabetes as well as the emerging therapeutic targets.
[Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus during development in the population ].; This type of diabetes mellitus is generally considered rare in children and adolescents. The incidence of type 2 diabetes has increased dramatically in the past decade in some ethnic groups. This increased incidence of youth-onset non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM-Y) has corresponded temporally to an unprecedented increase in body weight and prevalence of obesity in youth in various ethnic populations. Maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY), another type of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, is characterized by an early onset and autosomal dominant inheritance. MODY blood glucose is primarily due to beta-cell defects resulting in inadequate insulin secretion for a given level. In contrast to NIDDM-Y there is no significant increase in insulin resistance.
Present and potential future use of gene therapy for the treatment of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (Review).; This review describes the latest approaches towards using gene therapy as a treatment for non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM; Type 2 diabetes). We examine attempts to directly deliver the insulin gene to non-beta-cells, to improve insulin secretion from existing beta-cells and to develop ex vivo approaches to implanting genetically modified cells. Future research into the pathology of non-insulin dependent diabetes, combined with the latest developments in gene delivery systems, may potentially make gene therapy an attractive alternative NIDDM treatment in the future.
Drug treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the 1990s. Achievements and future developments.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM, type 2 diabetes) is a heterogeneous disease resulting from a dynamic interaction between defects in insulin secretion and insulin action. There are various pharmacological approaches to improving glucose homeostasis, but those currently used in clinical practice either do not succeed in restoring normoglycaemia in most patients or fail after a variable period of time. For glycaemic regulation, 4 classes of drugs are currently available: sulphonylureas, biguanides (metformin), alpha-glucosidase inhibitors (acarbose) and insulin, each of which has a different mode and site of action. These standard pharmacological treatments may be used individually for certain types of patients, or may be combined in a stepwise fashion to provide more ideal glycaemic control for most patients. Adjunct treatments comprise a few pharmacological approaches which may help to improve glycaemic control by correcting some abnormalities frequently associated with NIDDM, such as obesity (serotoninergic anorectic agents) and hyperlipidaemia (benfluorex). There is intensive pharmaceutical research to find new drugs able to stimulate insulin secretion (new sulphonylurea or nonsulphonylurea derivatives, glucagon-like peptide-1), improve insulin action (thiazolidinediones, lipid interfering agents, glucagon antagonists, vanadium compounds) or reduce carbohydrate absorption (miglitol, amylin analogues, glucagon-like peptide-1). Further studies should demonstrate the superiority of these new compounds over the standard antidiabetic agents as well as their optimal mode of administration, alone or in combination with currently available drugs.
Community-based approaches for the primary prevention of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The prevalence of non-insulin-dependent (Type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is increasing worldwide. Although recent studies suggest that primary prevention of NIDDM is possible, strategies for controlling the NIDDM pandemic remain under development. Successful interventions to date have mainly relied upon the control of obesity and increased exercise, although pharmacological agents are being studied. While a mixture of both high risk and population-based approaches is likely to be required, the former will not prevent new high risk cases developing. Unfortunately, the success in the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease through risk factor reduction has not controlled obesity, the most important risk factor for NIDDM. New strategies are currently being developed and focus upon changes in the food supply of whole populations and a community development approach to altering attitudes to food and exercise. As these interventions are in the early stages of their development, formative, process, and quantitative evaluation remain essential components of any community-based programme aimed at the primary prevention of NIDDM.
Insulin treatment in elderly patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. A double-edged sword?.; Elderly patients with non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) form one of the largest sectors of the diabetic population. Emerging evidence indicates that hyperglycaemia is associated not just with an increased risk of microvascular complications but also with macrovascular disease, which remains the main cause of excess mortality in people with NIDDM. The treatment of hyperglycaemia in patients with NIDDM is notoriously difficult when diet, exercise and judicious use of oral antihyperglycaemic agents fail to maintain acceptable metabolic control. The treatment of hyperglycaemia in elderly patients is further hampered by age- or disease-related comorbidity. Insulin therapy can ameliorate many metabolic abnormalities of NIDDM, with consequent reduction of hyperglycaemia. Moreover, insulin treatment induces antiatherogenic changes in serum lipids and lipoproteins and probably enhances general well-being. However, insulin therapy is associated with bodyweight gain and an increased risk of hypoglycaemia. An unresolved question is the relationship of exogenous insulin therapy to the development of cardiovascular diseases. This reverse side of the coin has prompted research aimed at establishing methods to achieve the best possible reduction in hyperglycaemia with the smallest dose of insulin as possible. The most promising target in this respect has been the control of glucose overproduction from the liver by the nocturnal administration of intermediate- or long-acting insulin with or without oral antihyperglycaemic drugs. Intensive insulin therapy does not seem to have clear-cut benefits in elderly patients and can be hazardous. However, we cannot at present predict who will benefit from the various therapeutic regimens and therefore clinicians should use sound clinical judgment in choosing the appropriate therapy for an individual patient with NIDDM. Although we do not know at present whether we can, by our current modes of treatment, lower the frequency of vascular diseases, therapeutic nihilism, even in elderly patients with NIDDM, is outmoded.
Nutritional composition of Stevia rebaudiana, a sweet herb, and its hypoglycaemic and hypolipidaemic effect on patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of diabetes is rapidly rising all over the globe at an alarming rate. India shelters the highest number of diabetics and is thus known as the 'Diabetes Capital of the World'. The chemical management of diabetes has side effects and hence the present study was undertaken to assess the hypoglycaemic and hypolipidaemic effect of Stevia rebaudiana in patients with type 2 diabetes, non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Its nutritional composition and use as a sweetener substitute were also assessed., RESULTS: Chemical analysis of dried Stevia leaf powder revealed it to be a nutritious herb with a good iron and fibre content. Intervention trials in diabetics revealed that it significantly lowered fasting and post-prandial blood glucose levels. The serum triglycerides and VLDL-C levels were also significantly reduced., CONCLUSION: Hence it can be said that Stevia can safely be used as an anti-diabetic herb, as a sweetener substitute and may help to prevent cardiovascular diseases in patients with long-standing diabetes. © 2016 Society of Chemical Industry. Copyright © 2016 Society of Chemical Industry.
[Homocysteinaemia and degenerative complications in non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: NIDDM) is known to be associated with degenerative complications. Although, the pathophysiology of such complications is well known, the role of homocysteine (Hcy) is still discussed. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the relationship between the homocysteine levels and the NIDDM related complications in a group of NIDDM patients. Our study population consisted of 41 NIDDM patients including 13 subjects (G1) without complications (group controls), 17 patients (G2) with microangiopathy and 11 patients (G3) with coronary deficiency. Plasmatic homocysteine, glycemia, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1C) and lipidic parameters were essessed in all patients. Our results showed that mean levels of plasmatic homocysteine were within the normal range (10.4 +/- 3.3 micromol/l, 9.9 +/- 5.5 micromol/l and 14.8 +/- 10.4 micromol/l in G1, G2 and G3 respectively). Nevertheless, moderate hyperhomocysteinaemia was found in 36% in the coronary group (G3), 17.3% in patients with microangiopathy (G2) and 7.7% in controls. These preliminary results showed that cardiovascular complications in NIDDM patients may be related to high levels of homocysteine.
Plasma levels of tissue factor antigen in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) are associated with an increased risk of thrombosis, and are susceptible to a series of complications including nephropathy. It has also been known that plasma tissue factor (TF) antigen levels increase significantly in certain disease states. To investigate the clinical significance of an association with the various complications in patients with type 2 non-insulin-dependent DM (NIDDM), we measured the plasma levels of TF antigen in 63 patients (35 males and 28 females, mean age 60.8 yrs) with NIDDM and in 22 normal subjects (14 males and 8 females, mean age 56.0 yrs). The mean concentrations of TF were higher for patients with NIDDM (253.7 +/- 144.9 pg/ml) than in normal subjects (187.3 +/- 108.7 pg/ml with marginal statistical significance (p= 0.0530). The TF levels were higher for patients with a nephropathy than for patients without a nephropathy (p=0.0402). There was a significant positive correlation between levels of TF and BUN (r=0.84, p < 0.0001) or creatinine (r=0.93, p < 0.0001). However, TF levels were found to be similar for both groups with and without thrombosis, neuropathy, retinopathy, or infection. These results suggest that plasma TF antigen levels may be associated with nephropathy and they may reflect a renal dysfunction in NIDDM.
Hepatic delta9, delta6, and delta5 desaturations in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus eSS rats.; Both diabetes mellitus type 1 and diabetes mellitus type 2 are widespread diseases that alter carbohydrate and lipid metabolism. e Stilmann-Salgado (eSS) rats are experimental animals that spontaneously evolve to a state similar to that of young people affected by non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM; type 2). Using 6-mon-old eSS rats that, according to the literature [Martinez, S.M., Tarres, M.C., Montenegro, S., Milo, R., Picena, J.C., Figueroa, N., and Rabasa, S.R. (1988) Spontaneous Diabetes in eSS Rats, Acta Diabetol. Lat. 25, 303-313], had already developed insulin resistance, we investigated the changes evoked on delta9, delta6, and delta5 liver desaturases. The abundance of mRNA and enzymatic activities were measured, as well as the FA composition of liver microsomal lipids. Compared to control rats, the mRNA content and activity of SCD-1 (stearoyl CoA-desaturase, isoform of the delta9 desaturase) were significantly higher, whereas the mRNA and activities of delta6 and delta5 desaturases were not significantly modified. Correspondingly, the proportion of 18:1n-9 and the ratios of 18:1n-9/18:0 and 16:1/16:0 in lipids were significantly increased, whereas the proportion of 20:4n-6 was unaltered. These effects were found while glycemia was constant or increased. The results are completely opposite those described in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type 1), in which a depression of all the desaturases is found. They suggest that in eSS rats, the activities of the desaturases were not modified by an insulin-resistance effect. Moreover, we suggest that the enhancement of SCD-1 activity might be considered as another typical sign of the NIDDM syndrome, because it has also been found in other animal models of NIDDM, for example, the ones evoked by the sucrose-rich diet and in the Zucker rat.
Examination of OLETF-derived non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus QTL by construction of a series of congenic rats.; The Otuska Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rat is one of the well-characterized animal models for the study of type 2 diabetes. Our previous QTL mapping identified 11 loci responsible for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) susceptibility in the OLETF rat. Here we generated a series of congenic animals by individually introgressing all 11 OLETF-derived NIDDM loci into a normoglycemic F344 background. Subsequent oral glucose tolerance test revealed that the congenic strains for Nidd1/of, Nidd2/of, Nidd3/of Nidd4/of, Nidd7/of, and Nidd10/of showed significantly higher levels of blood glucose in comparison with parental host strain F344. Furthermore, simultaneously made heterozygote animals for Nidd1/of and Nidd2/of did not increase blood glucose levels, indicating that these loci are recessively inherited as predicted by the QTL analysis. Congenic strains for the other five loci-Nidd5/of, Nidd6/of, Nidd8/of, Nidd9/of, and Nidd11/of-were apparently normoglycemic, presumably owing to heterosis or because the effect of these loci may not be detected unless interactions with other OLETF genes exist. We believe that these congenic strains should provide useful agents for decomposing complex diabetic traits and for positional cloning.
[Effects of uncoupling protein 3 gene -55 C-->T variant on lipid metabolism, body fat, its distribution and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Chinese].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship of UCP3 gene -55 C-->T variant with lipid metabolism, body fat, its distribution and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus(NIDDM) in Chinese., METHODS: Polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism(PCR-RFLP) was used to detect the genotype of UCP3 gene -55 C-->T in a total of 316 Chinese including 165 individuals with normal glucose tolerance(NGT) and 151 patients with type 2 diabetes). MRI was used to detect local body fat; the enzyme method and sulfate-sephadex-manganese precipitation method were used to detect TC and HDL-C, and then LDL-C was calculated with corresponding formula., RESULTS: (1)No difference was seen on comparing allele and genotype frequencies of Chinese with those of Caucasian (P=0.1120 and P=0.0646, respectively), whereas significant difference in these frequencies was seen between Chinese and Pima Indians(P=0.0 105 and P=0.0314, respectively). (2)Stepwise regression analysis revealed that the independent variables to UCP3 gene -55 C-->T were: HDL-C(P= 0.013)and LDL-C(P=0.012) in male NGT subgroup FA(P=0.023) in female NGT subgroup TG(P=0.004)in male DM subgroup, and waist to hip ratio (WHR)(P=0)in female DM subg roup. (3)The allele frequency of DM group was significantly different from that of NGT(P =0.0358). The odd ratio for the T allele carrier with NIDDM was 1.434 (95%CI 1.031-1.995)., CONCLUSION: Although UCP3 gene 55 C-->T variant is associated with lipid metabolism, body fat and its distribution in Chinese, the association is dependent on sex and disease status. The variant is also associated with NIDDM in Chinese.
Screening, diagnosis, and management of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in adolescents.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), type 2 diabetes mellitus, was once considered rare in children and adolescents. This is no longer true as NIDDM now accounts for 5% to 45% of new cases of diabetes mellitus in the pediatric age group. Most commonly, this disease is seen in obese children with a family history of NIDDM, and particularly in African American, Native American, and Hispanic children. Acanthosis nigricans and hyperandrogenism are sometimes seen. Pediatric health care providers should be aware of the factors that contribute to the development of NIDDM in children as well as the approaches to diagnosis and treatment.
The determination of three subcutaneous adipose tissue compartments in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus women with artificial neural networks and factor analysis.; The optical device LIPOMETER allows for non-invasive, quick, precise and safe determination of subcutaneous fat distribution, so-called subcutaneous adipose tissue topography (SAT-Top). In this paper, we show how the high-dimensional SAT-Top information of women with type-2 diabetes mellitus (non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)) and a healthy control group can be analysed and represented in low-dimensional plots by applying factor analysis and special artificial neural networks. Three top-down sorted subcutaneous adipose tissue compartments are determined (upper trunk, lower trunk, legs). NIDDM women provide significantly higher upper trunk obesity and significantly lower leg obesity ('apple' type), as compared with their healthy control group. Further, we show that the results of the applied networks are very similar to the results of factor analysis.
Dyslipoproteinaemia and hyperoxidative stress in the pathogenesis of endothelial dysfunction in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus: an hypothesis.; Endothelial dysfunction in non-insulin dependent (Type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has implications for the pathogenesis of the two major complications, macrovascular disease and microangiopathy. Endothelial dysfunction is a consequence of a disturbance in the L-arginine/nitric oxide pathway. Its occurrence in NIDDM is well supported by both in vitro and in vivo studies. NIDDM results in diverse abnormalities in lipoprotein metabolism, the most significant being hypertriglyceridaemia which is associated with increased plasma concentrations of small dense LDL and low levels of HDL. Dysglycaemia results in hyperoxidative stress and increased formation of advanced-glycosylation endproducts, both of which enhance the oxidative modification of lipoprotein particles. Based on extensive in vitro studies and on human data, we generate the hypothesis that the development of endothelial dysfunction in NIDDM is a consequence of the effect of dyslipoproteinaemia, in particular increased circulatory concentrations of modified small dense LDL and of hyperoxidative stress on the formation, action and disposal of nitric oxide, by diverse molecular mechanisms; HDL is proposed to have a protective effect on these processes through its enzymic antioxidant properties. The hypothesis proposed is simple, testable and consistent with wide sources of evidence. The practical implications of the hypothesis and the existing opportunities for the prevention and reversal of endothelial dysfunction in NIDDM are also reviewed and discussed.
Patient awareness of genetic and environmental risk factors in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus--relevance to first-degree relatives.; Primary preventative strategies may be useful in non-insulin-dependent (Type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), where weight reduction and physical exercise may help to counteract the increased risk to first-degree relatives of affected patients. To assess the extent of patient's awareness of these and related issues, 100 NIDDM patients were selected to complete a questionnaire. Forty-four per cent had a family history of NIDDM. Forty per cent and 35%, respectively, were aware that the patient's siblings and children were at an increased risk of developing NIDDM. Sixty-three per cent and 35%, respectively, were aware that obesity and physical inactivity increased the risk of developing NIDDM. After appropriate counselling about these risk factors, all 100 patients claimed that they would be advising their first-degree relatives. However, at 4 months review, 53% of patients had informed their first-degree relatives of the increased genetic risk to them. Of these patients, 83%, 74%, and 23% had provided relevant advice on diet, weight reduction, and physical exercise, respectively, as a means of reducing the risk of first-degree relatives developing NIDDM. We conclude that only a small proportion of patients are aware of the increased genetic susceptibility of their first-degree relatives to develop NIDDM and that weight reduction and regular physical exercise can reduce this risk. But, after appropriate education, a significant proportion of NIDDM patients did inform their close relatives of these issues and this may prove to be a useful strategy in the primary prevention of NIDDM.
The effect of glycaemic control and the introduction of insulin therapy on retinopathy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To study the progression of diabetic retinography in relation to diabetes treatment and glycaemic control in patients with non-insulin dependent (Type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we performed a prospective study in a cohort of 1378 diabetic patients, aged > or = 40 years at diagnosis, of whom 333 were treated with insulin, and 1045 with oral antihyperglycaemic agents or diet alone. In the latter group 174 patients changed to insulin therapy during follow-up. We used the Wisconsin scale to grade retinopathy, recorded blindness (visual acuity  or = 3 levels compared with all other patients in the study. The increase in risk remained even after controlling for mean HbA1c (relative risk 1.6; 95% confidence interval 1.3-1.9). Progression > or = 3 levels was significantly associated with a higher incidence of macular oedema and deterioration of visual acuity (p < 0.001). The relative risk for blindness/visual impairment due to retinopathy was 2.7 (95% confidence interval 1.8-4.0) in the group with changed treatment compared with all the other patients in the study. Poor glycaemic control (Hba1c%) before the start of insulin therapy and any retinopathy at baseline were significant risk factors for progression in the group with changed treatment (both p < 0.01). In the whole study group, poor glycaemic control was significantly associated with retinopathy progression > or = 3 levels; the relative risk for those having mean HbA1c above the median being 1.7 (95% confidence interval 1.4-2.1), compared to those with a HbA1c value below the median. Moderate non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy at baseline was also associated with progression (relative risk 2.5; 95% confidence interval 1.4-4.5). In contrast, insulin treatment at baseline was not associated with an increased risk of retinopathy progression. In conclusion, while hyperglycaemia was a risk factor for the progression of retinopathy in all patients, change of treatment from oral drugs to insulin was associated with a 100% increased risk of retinopathy progression and a 3-fold increased risk of blindness/visual impairment.
Autonomic dysfunction in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and fibrocalculous pancreatic diabetes in south India.; The prevalence of cardiovascular autonomic dysfunction in non-insulin-dependent (Type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and fibrocalculous pancreatic diabetes (FCPD) was assessed by a standard battery of autonomic dysfunction tests involving heart rate responses and blood pressure responses. Three hundred and thirty-six patients with NIDDM and 40 patients with FCPD were studied. Logistic regression analysis was done to look for risk factors associated with autonomic dysfunction. Abnormalities of autonomic function tests were detected in 120 NIDDM patients (35.7%) and 9 FCPD patients (22.5%). There was no significant difference in severity of autonomic dysfunction between NIDDM and FCPD groups. There was an increase in prevalence of autonomic dysfunction with age and duration of diabetes both in NIDDM and FCPD. In the 0-5 years duration group, 28.2% of NIDDM and 16.6% of FCPD had evidence of disordered autonomic function and these figures increased to 56.2% and 60% respectively, after 16-20 years duration of diabetes. Logistic regression analysis showed that only peripheral dysfunction was associated with autonomic dysfunction in NIDDM patients (r = 0.66, p = 0.02).
Beta-cell dysfunction in first-degree relatives of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To analyse the relationship between age, glucose tolerance, beta-cell function, and insulin sensitivity in preclinical states of non-insulin-dependent (Type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we have done a cross-sectional, age-stratified analysis of 86 non-diabetic first-degree relatives of NIDDM patients and 49 controls with similar age, sex, and BMI. A 5 mg kg ideal body weight-1 min-1 for 60 min of continuous infusion of glucose with model assessment (CIGMA) of serum glucose and C-peptide values at the end of the infusion was used to determine glucose tolerance and beta-cell function. Insulin sensitivity was estimated by modelling basal serum glucose and insulin values. Relatives and controls were divided into tertiles on the basis of age. Relatives had higher basal (5.3 vs 5 mmol l-1, p = 0.02) and achieved serum glucose (9.1 vs 8.4 mmol l-1, p = 0.01), lower beta-cell function (128 vs 145%, p = 0.007), and lower insulin sensitivity (37 vs 43%, p = 0.002). Beta-cell function declined with age in relatives (from 139% in young subjects to 134% in intermediate subjects and to 111% in older subjects, p = 0.002) and this decline was associated with an increase in basal serum glucose (from 5.1 to 5.3 and to 5.7 mmol l-1, p = 0.000) and achieved glucose (from 8.3 to 9.1 and to 9.3 mmol l-1, p = 0.038), without significant changes in insulin sensitivity. These trends were observed even after the exclusion of subjects with mild glucose intolerance. We conclude that both beta-cell dysfunction and insulin resistance are present in first-degree relatives of NIDDM. The progression of beta-cell dysfunction and glucose intolerance with age suggests that beta-cell dysfunction is the key factor in the apparition and progression of the disease.
8th Annual International Conference on Obesity and Non-Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus: novel drug developments.; The 8th Obesity & Non-Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus and Novel Drug Developments Conference organised by International Business Communication, Inc. was held on 19th - 20th, April 1999 in London, followed by an one-day symposium on Novel Drug Developments for NIDDM & Insulin Resistance. More than 100 delegates from both academic and industrial institutes attended the two meetings. The presentations provided insights into the understanding of mechanisms and developments of novel drugs for treatments of obesity and Type 2 diabetes. This review offers a general overview of the fields in appetite suppression, thermogenesis and insulin sensitisation. Discussions focused on several emerging therapeutic areas, including novel compound developments and target identification of receptors, proteins and viruses with the use of conventional methods and recently emerged technologies, such as bioinformatics and invertebrate modelling of human systems.
Nonsense mutation in the glucokinase gene causes early-onset non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY) is a form of non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) which is characterized by an early age at onset and an autosomal dominant mode of inheritance. Except for these features, the clinical characteristics of patients with MODY are similar to those with the more common late-onset form(s) of NIDDM. Previously we observed tight linkage between DNA polymorphisms in the glucokinase gene on the short arm of chromosome 7 and NIDDM in a cohort of sixteen French families having MODY. Glucokinase is an enzyme that catalyses the formation of glucose-6-phosphate from glucose and may be involved in the regulation of insulin secretion and integration of hepatic intermediary metabolism. Because the glucokinase gene was a candidate for the site of the genetic lesion in these families, we scanned this gene for mutations. Here we report the identification of a nonsense mutation in the gene encoding glucokinase and its linkage with early-onset diabetes in one family. To our knowledge, this result is the first evidence implicating a mutation in a gene involved in glucose metabolism in the pathogenesis of NIDDM.
Functional levels of mitochondrial anion transport proteins in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The effect of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (i.e., NIDDM; type 2 diabetes) on the levels of functional mitochondrial anion transport proteins has been determined utilizing a chemically-induced neonatal model of NIDDM. We hypothesized that moderate insulin deficiency exacerbated by the insulin resistance, which is characteristic of NIDDM, would cause changes in mitochondrial anion transporter function that were similar to those we have previously shown to occur in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (i.e., IDDM; type 1 diabetes) (Arch. Biochem. Biophys. 280: 181-191, 1990). Our experimental approach consisted of the extraction of the pyruvate, dicarboxylate and citrate transport proteins from the mitochondrial inner membrane with Triton X-114 using rat liver mitoplasts (prepared from diabetic and control animals) as the starting material, followed by the functional reconstitution of each transporter in a proteoliposomal system. This strategy permitted the quantification of the functional levels of these three transporters in the absence of the complications that arise when such measurements are carried out with intact mitochondria (or mitoplasts). We found that experimental NIDDM did not cause significant changes in the extractable and reconstitutable specific (and total) transport activities of the pyruvate, dicarboxylate, and citrate transporters. These results are in marked contrast to our previous findings obtained using rats with IDDM and negated our hypothesis. The present results, in combination with our earlier findings, allow us to conclude that insulin plays an important role in the regulation of mitochondrial anion transporter function.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Early-life background and the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The relationship of early-life background factors to type 2, or non-insulin-dependent, diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) was examined with reference to family history of diabetes in two groups of Nisei (U.S. born/raised Japanese American) men from King County, Washington with identical mean (+/- S.E.M.) ages: 78 with NIDDM, 61.6 (+/- 0.7) years of age; and 79 with normal glucose tolerance (NGT), 61.6 (+/- 0.6) years of age. The early-life variables were birthplace, parents' education, father's occupation and mother's employment status during subject's childhood, sibship size, son birth order, physical activity and weight assessed for ages 15-20 years, and educational achievement. Multivariate logistic regression models were used to test for the effect of each variable on the risk for diabetes in the presence of other variables. Results are presented as odds ratios (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Significantly higher risk for NIDDM was found with urban birthplace (vs. rural, OR = 2.09, 95% CI = 1.37-3.19), parents' education above primary level (vs. primary level or less, OR = 1.64, 95% CI = 1.08-2.50), mother being employed (vs. housewife, OR = 2.17, 95% CI = 1.43-3.45), subject being less active-lean as a youth (vs. more active-lean, OR = 1.69, 95% CI = 1.11-2.63), and subject's not attaining a college degree (vs. college degree, OR = 2.17, 95% CI = 1.41-3.33). In separate analyses of the early-life variables by family history of diabetes, the interplay of environmental influences with familial predisposition to NIDDM is evident. The developmental background of NIDDM is discussed with reference to the concept of phenotype amplification within the context of the effects of westernization.
A genome-wide search for human non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes genes reveals a major susceptibility locus on chromosome 2.; Non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a common disorder of middle-aged individuals characterized by high blood glucose levels which, if untreated, can cause serious medical complications and lead to early death. Genetic factors play an important role in determining susceptibility to this disorder. However, the number of genes involved, their chromosomal location and the magnitude of their effect on NIDDM susceptibility are unknown. We have screened the human genome for susceptibility genes for NIDDM using non-and quasi-parametric linkage analysis methods in a group of Mexican American affected sib pairs. One marker, D2S125, showed significant evidence of linkage to NIDDM and appears to be a major factor affecting the development of diabetes mellitus in Mexican Americans. We propose that this locus be designated NIDDM1.
Fatty acid composition of serum lipids and erythrocyte membranes in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic men.; The fatty acid (FA) composition of serum lipids and erythrocytes was studied in 21 men with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and in 14 normal subjects matched for age, sex, body weight, and dietary intake. Lower levels of linoleic acid and higher levels of highly unsaturated FA (daughter) of n-3 and n-6 family FA, reflected in a higher unsaturation index, were found in serum phospholipids (S-PL), in phospholipids of erythrocyte membranes (ery-PL), and in serum cholesterolesters (S-CHE). The unsaturation index of serum phospholipids significantly correlated with glycosylated hemoglobin A1c (P less than .05) and blood glucose levels after glucose load (P less than .001). The results suggest that elongation and desaturation of essential FA (linoleic acid in particular) are increased. The above changes may be associated with accelerated atherosclerosis in type 2 diabetics.
Insulin resistance, insulin deficiency, and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Recent information suggests that type 2 diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is associated with severe insulin resistance, but other information suggests that there is a hypoinsulinemic state. To investigate the nature of the insulin resistance, 10 newly diagnosed, mildly obese type 2 diabetics and 11 long-standing type 2 diabetics with secondary failure to sulfonylureas were studied. Insulin was given by continuous subcutaneous infusion (CSII) for two weeks. CSII produced near-normoglycemia after 1-4 days in all patients with modest amounts of insulin (0.5-0.9 U/kg/24 h). These results demonstrate that whatever insulin resistance prevails in NIDDM, it does not prevent induction of normoglycemia by insulin. This suggests that either the insulin resistance is a secondary event caused by hyperglycaemia, or that NIDDM patients are hypoinsulinemic. In further studies in vitro, the effect of glucose on the rate of glycolytic glucose utilization by isolated rat soleus muscle and on hexose transport in rat skeletal myocyte line L8 were assessed. In the first case, an increase in glucose concentration led to a decrease in muscle glycolysis, and in the second case a hyperglycemic concentration of glucose led to a marked reduction in hexose transport, which was fully reversible within two hours. The clinical and in vitro results plus literature data suggest that insulin resistance can be overcome by insulin in NIDDM, and that beta-cell responsiveness to glucose is greatly reduced in NIDDM, but the defect is restricted to the acute stimulatory phase of glucose induction of insulin release. If this defect can be corrected, acute insulin release will occur so that NIDDM would be cured notwithstanding the existence of insulin resistance.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI-1) activity is elevated in Asian and Caucasian subjects with non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes but not in those with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or non-diabetic Asians.; In order to study the plasminogen activator inhibitor activity (PAI-1) in subjects at different risk of non-insulin-dependent diabetes and ischaemic heart disease we examined 89 subjects with diet controlled NIDDM (49 Caucasian, 40 Asian), 29 with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) (13 Caucasian, 16 Asian), and 149 with normal glucose tolerance (67 Caucasian, 82 Asian). Diabetes was diagnosed by WHO criteria and highly specific, monoclonal antibody-based assays were used to measure insulin, intact proinsulin, and des 31,32 proinsulin. Subjects with NIDDM were significantly more obese, had more central distribution of obesity, higher fasting plasma specific insulin concentrations (NIDDM median 74 pmol l-1 vs IGT 41 pmol l-1, p < 0.01 and vs normals 34 pmol l-1, p < 0.001) and higher PAI-1 activity than normals and those with IGT (NIDDM 23.0 +/- 6.9 vs IGT 16.8 +/- 5.0, p < 0.001 and vs normals 17.1 +/- 6.9 AU ml-1, p < 0.001). However, PAI-1 activity was not significantly different between Asian and Caucasian normals (17.5 +/- 7.3 vs 16.5 +/- 6.4 AU ml-1, p = ns) and diabetic (22.8 +/- 7.3 vs 23.1 +/- 6.6 AU ml-1, p = ns) subjects. In addition to relationships with obesity and plasma triglyceride, PAI-1 activity, after controlling for age, sex, body mass index, and waist-hip ratio, was related to fasting insulin (partial r = 0.22, p < 0.001), intact proinsulin (partial r = 0.36, p < 0.001), and des 31,32 proinsulin concentrations (partial r = 0.33, p < 0.001) as measured by highly specific assays. The association of PAI-1 with diabetes was weakened but remained statistically significant (p = 0.042) after controlling for age, sex, ethnicity, obesity, plasma triglyceride, and all insulin-like molecules. We conclude that, although PAI-1 activity is raised in subjects with diet-treated NIDDM, it is normal in subjects with IGT and non-diabetic Asians, populations at high risk of NIDDM and ischaemic heart disease. Raised PAI-1 activity may play an important role in the pathogenesis of macrovascular disease in subjects with NIDDM, but is unlikely to explain excess risk of ischaemic heart disease in Asians and those with impaired glucose tolerance.
Monitoring of metabolic control in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus on oral hypoglycaemic agents: value of evening blood glucose determination.; Monitoring of metabolic control in patients with non-insulin-dependent (Type 2) diabetes (NIDDM) is usually based upon blood glucose assay in the morning (after an overnight fast) and in the postprandial state (breakfast or lunch). However, this schedule does not seek low blood glucose values, especially in the evening. We have conducted a prospective study of laboratory blood glucose profiles (8 am, 9.30 am after a 35 g carbohydrate breakfast and in the evening between 5 and 7 pm). We have included 58 consecutive NIDDM patients regularly followed in our clinic (39 men, age 60 +/- 11.5 years, diabetes duration 8.6 +/- 6.5 years, BMI 25.5 +/- 3 kg m-2), treated with the sulphonylurea gliclazide, alone (40-320 mg 24 h-1, mean 170 +/- 110 mg) (group 1, n = 32) or in combination with metformin (1000-3000 mg 24 h-1, 2400 +/- 620 mg) (group 2, n = 26). All patients were stable, with no change in dosage for at least 3 months. Mean glycaemic control was good (group 1 HbA1c: 6.5 +/- 1.1%, group 2: 6.9 +/- 0.7%). Evening blood glucose values were the lowest of the day in 26 patients of group 1 (81.3%) and in 22 of group 2 (84.6%). Mean evening blood glucose levels were lower (p = 0.001) than 8 am values (group 1: 5.8 +/- 1.4 vs 6.1 +/- 1.6 mmol l-1, group 2: 6.5 +/- 1.8 vs 6.9 +/- 1.9) and than 9.30 am values (group 1: 7.6 +/- 1.5, group 2: 12.3 +/- 2.8). No blood glucose values in the hypoglycaemic range were observed. HbA1c was strongly correlated (p = 0.002 to 0.0001) in the whole group with 8 am (r = 0.39), 9.30 am (r = 0.56), and evening blood glucose values (r = 0.42). These results indicate that, in patients treated with the sulphonylurea gliclazide, alone or in combination with metformin, the lowest blood glucose values occur in the evening more frequently (4/5) than in the morning. Therefore, evening blood glucose determination should be performed systematically in the course of the metabolic evaluation of NIDDM patients on oral hypoglycaemic agents.
Response of truncated glucagon-like peptide-1 and gastric inhibitory polypeptide to glucose ingestion in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. Effect of sulfonylurea therapy.; Gastric inhibitory polypeptide (tGIP) and truncated glucagon like peptide-1 (GLP-1) are potent gastrointestinal insulinotropic factors (incretin), are most released after a meal or ingestion of glucose in man and animals. To investigate whether sulfonylurea (SU) affects the secretion of incretin, the modulation of plasma GIP and tGLP-1 levels following glucose ingestion in non-insulin-dependent diabetic type 2 patients with or without SU therapy was studied. A 75-G oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was carried out on 9 healthy subjects (controls) and 18 patients with non-obese type 2, 9 of whom were treated by diet alone (NIDDM-diet) and the other 9 with SU (glibenclamide 2.5 mg or gliclazide 40 mg) once a day (NIDDM-SU). Plasma GIP was measured by radioimmunoassay (RIA) with R65 antibody, and GLP-1 was measured by RIA with N-terminal-directed antiserum R1043 (GLP-1NT) and C-terminal-directed antiserum R2337 (GLP-1CT). Following OGTT, plasma glucose, GIP, GLP-1NT, and GLP-1CT in type 2 patients increased more markedly than in controls, despite the lower response of insulin. However, there were no significant differences in plasma levels of these peptides between the NIDDM-diet and NIDDM-SU groups. Therefore, it is unlikely that SU is involved in the high response of GIP and GLP-1s to OGTT in type 2 patients.
[Results of a population study of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in childhood and adolescence].; Among 40 927 diabetics centrally registered in the Erfurt district, 61 non-insulin-dependent diabetics (0.15%) in early life have been recorded. The age of onset of 58 examined patients (36 males, 22 females) was 10 to 24 years. The insulin secretion after a 50 g oral glucose load varied markedly and corresponded to a control group of 62 adult NIDDM patients. 76.4% of the patients had a diabetic parent. In 17 patients (30%) diabetes had been transmitted through at least three generations. Sporadic occurrence was found in 19% of the case material. Families of MASON type with a marked diabetes accumulation were observed in only 3 cases. In the HLA system (A, B and C locus) there were characteristic differences from insulin-dependent diabetics but no significant (Pcorr) differences in comparison to the normal population. Variations of heredity, as well as differences in body weight, insulin secretion and varying susceptibility to vascular complication suggest that NIDDM in early life is a heterogeneous disorder. Besides the early age of onset, the balanced sex ratio and the partly marked inheritance, most patients of this population study present the typical features of type 2 diabetes.
A pilot study on plasma fatty acids in poorly controlled non insulin dependent (type 2) Melanesian diabetics.; Different data have been reported with respect to the distribution of plasma and tissue fatty acids in patients with Diabetes mellitus and some studies have suggested that severe diabetes is required to produce the fatty acid abnormalities observed in the diabetic rat. We studied the plasma fatty acid profile with particular attention to the omega three and six fatty acids in 14 non insulin dependent (NIDDM) Melanesian diabetics the majority of whom were poorly controlled (mean glycosylated haemoglobin levels of 12.89pc), their mean ages were 43.0 + 6.3 with a duration of 5.2 + 4.8 years. Plasma fatty acids were estimated by gas chromatography (GC) using a flame ionization detector (FID). Each diabetic was age and sex matched with a non diabetic healthy control. Through the plasma concentrations of arachidonic (20:4, w-6), eicosapentanoic (20:5, w-3) and docosahaxaenoic (22:6, w-3) acids were lower than in control subjects, these values were of no significant difference. Similarly, no significant differences were observed between the total plasma saturated fatty acids (palmitic and stearic acids) of diabetic and control subjects. The results of this pilot study suggest that poor metabolic control may not be associated with plasma fatty acids abnormalities in NIDDM patients.
Apolipoprotein(a) concentrations in type 2 (non-insulin dependent) diabetic patients from Romania.; Several studies suggested that lipoprotein (a)-Lp(a) is an independent atherogenic risk factor. Since non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is characterized by an increased risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) as related to the general population, the main purpose of our study was to compare the plasma levels of apolipoprotein (a)-(apo) (a) in 30 NIDDM patients hospitalized in our department, and in 20 non-diabetic controls from Timisoara. Apo (a) values were similar in the two groups (medians, 95% confidence intervals 57 (50-107) in NIDDM versus 58 (51-106) U/l in controls; p = 0.9097). We found weak correlations between apo (a) and hemoglobin A1 (HbA1) (r = 0.42). A significant association was noticed between apo (a) and apo B, both in NIDDM (r = 0.71) and in control subjects (r = 0.81) p < < 0.001. The diabetic patients were screened for microalbuminaria with the MICRAL-test and we compared apo (a) levels in those having albumin excretion values above and under the cut-off point (20 mg/l). Apo (a) concentrations were similar in both samples. We found no association between apo (a) and plasma lipid values. NIDDM patients on fair glycemic control have similar apo (a) concentrations to non-diabetic subjects and they do not seem to be influenced by diabetes duration, HbA1, microalbuminuria and plasma lipid values Apo (a) and apo B are significantly correlated, both in diabetic and non-diabetic subjects.
Cerebral microangiopathy in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: The aim of the study was to evaluate cerebral microangiopathy in type 2 noninsulin- dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients and to establish potentially conducive factors., MATERIALS AND METHODS: A group of 34 patients with NIDDM and 31 gender- and agematched normal controls (NC) were assessed by extracranial Doppler ultrasound, in order to evaluate the pulsatility index (PI) and the resistance index (RI) in the internal carotid arteries (ICAs); transcranial Doppler was utilised to assess the same parameters in the middle cerebral arteries (MCAs). All patients underwent screening for favouring factors for cerebral vascular remodelling., RESULTS: Of the 34 NIDDM patients, 21 patients (61.76%) (subgroup A) presented with microangiopathic complications [of these, 19 patients (90.46%) had diabetic nephropathy (DN)] versus 13 NIDDM patients (38.24%) (subgroup B) without complications. In subgroup A, 16 patients (76.19%) had PI >1 and RI >0.7 in the ICAs and MCAs (changes consistent with cerebral microangiopathy) versus 5 patients (35.46%) in subgroup B, and no modifications in NC. Of the 19 patients with DN, 14 patients (73.68 %) had impaired haemodynamic indices. Univariate regression analysis showed the following risk factors for the cerebral haemodynamics changes: fibrinogen (F) (OR = 3.11), C-reactive protein (CRP) (OR = 2.40), duration of DM (OR = 2.40), proteinuria (OR = 1.80), serum creatinine (OR = 1.66). Multivariate regression analysis showed as predictors for impaired haemodynamic indices: duration of DM (HR =1.70), proteinuria (HR = 1.70). The haemodynamic indices in the ICAs correlated with duration of DM (r = 0.87, P <0.0001), F (r = 0.86; P <0.0001), CRP (r = 0.80; P <0.0001); in the MCAs with the duration of DM (r = 0.66, P <0.0001), F (r = 0.38; P <0.0001), CRP (r = 0.88; P <0.0001)., CONCLUSION: Cerebral microangiopathy has a high prevalence in NIDDM patients. These cerebral vascular changes correlate with the duration of DM, parameters of inflammation, and proteinuria.
Differences of subcutaneous adipose tissue topography in type-2 diabetic (NIDDM) women and healthy controls.; Women suffering from type-2 diabetes mellitus (non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus [NIDDM]) have more total body fat and upper body obesity compared with healthy controls. However, the standard measurement methods have disadvantages such as radiological burden, lack of precision, or high time consumption. A new optical device, the Lipometer, enables the noninvasive, quick, and save determination of the thickness of subcutaneous adipose tissue layers at any given site of the human body. The specification of 15 evenly distributed body sites allows the precise measurement of subcutaneous body fat distribution, so-called subcutaneous adipose tissue topography (SAT-Top). SAT-Tops of 20 women with clinically proven NIDDM and 122 healthy controls matched by age group were measured. In this paper, we describe the precise SAT-Top differences of these two groups and present the multidimensional SAT-Top information condensed in a two-dimensional factor plot and in a response plot of an artificial neural network. NIDDM women provide significantly lower leg SAT-Top and significantly higher upper trunk SAT-Top development ("apple"-type) compared with their healthy controls. Copyright 2000 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Acarbose in the prevention of cardiovascular disease in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus.; The prevalence of glucose intolerance is increasing dramatically worldwide. Both impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and type 2 diabetes are associated with excess mortality from cardiovascular disease. It is now generally accepted that these cardiovascular complications are related to prevailing hyperglycemia, particularly postprandial hyperglycemia. Acarbose specifically decreases the postprandial glycemic surge in IGT and diabetic subjects. The Study To Prevent Non-insulin-dependent Diabetes Mellitus (STOP-NIDDM) trial has shown that acarbose treatment in IGT subjects decreased the risk of progression to diabetes by 36%. Furthermore, it was associated with a 49% risk reduction of cardiovascular events. In a subgroup of subjects, acarbose treatment was accompanied by a 50% decrease in the progression of intima-media thickness of the carotids. Finally, a meta-analysis of seven major studies on the use of acarbose in the treatment of diabetes indicated that acarbose treatment was associated with a 35% risk reduction of cardiovascular disease. It is proposed that the mechanism by which acarbose can lower the risk of cardiovascular events is through diminution of oxidative stress induced by postprandial glycemic excursion.
Are we closer to finding the treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus in morbid obesity? Are the incretins the key to success?.; Morbid obesity is a serious health problem associated with disease and mortality. One such disease is non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Approximately 95% of American diabetics have NIDDM. One of the major causes for type 2 diabetes is obesity. The improvement of diabetes with weight control is not in the earliest description of the disease. However, dietary control of NIDDM is often disappointing. Diet can improve glucose metabolism in obesity, but the improvement usually represents only a portion or a brief return to euglycemia, even when patients appear to be compliant. In contrast, reversal of NIDDM has been much more successfully achieved after bariatric surgery. Intra-abdominal fat deposition is associated with increased plasma concentration of free fatty acids, which reduce insulin sensitivity at both muscular and hepatic sites. The progression of diabetes is heralded by the inability of the beta-cells to maintain their previously high rate of insulin secretion in response to glucose, in the face of insulin resistance. The propensity to develop type 2 diabetes may be genetically determined or triggered by environmental factors. The connection between diabetes and obesity represents a continuum that progresses through different phases in which defective insulin action is the principal problem. At this point, we are unable to correlate the different findings of the many questions that arise, such as: 1) Does the decrease in sensitivity to insulin result from rearrangement of the insulin receptor? 2) Is weight loss the trigger for decrease of insulin resistance? 3) Is rearrangement of part of the intestine a mechanism to trigger the secretion of hormones (incretins) that help in insulin response? 4) Which mechanism controls the insulin resistance? The goal of this paper is to review literature on incretins and address the role of incretins after bariatric surgery. We know very little about the action of incretins in diabetes. We will assess the interaction between the secretion of incretins and bariatric surgery for the cure of diabetes.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus: the grand overview.; Type 2 diabetes currently accounts for over 100 billion dollars in annual healthcare expenditure in the United States and 28% of the national (Medicare) healthcare budget for elderly Americans. In our inner-city hospital, 20% of all 950 beds are occupied by patients with diabetes; and 28-38% of patients receiving cardiac care in Coronary Care Units, catheterization laboratories or cardiovascular surgery, have diabetes as an underlying disorder. Both computer modelling and controlled clinical trials suggest that intensive therapy of diabetes can reduce significantly the morbidity and costs associated with this increasingly common disorder. Early detection of carbohydrate intolerance holds great promise for preventing the onset, progression and complications of Type 2 diabetes. To date our efforts have been futile, with 20% of newly diagnosed Type 2 diabetic patients already complicated by retinopathy and 14% complicated by peripheral vascular disease. It is now clear that high-risk individuals can be identified, and intervention trials are underway to test the hypothesis that Type 2 diabetes (and its attendant cardiovascular risks) can be prevented. The Study to Prevent Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (STOP NIDDM) in Canada and Europe has randomized 1200 individuals with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) into a three-year trial to prevent disease progression. The Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) in the US has randomized almost 3000 individuals with IGT into a six-year, three-arm study testing the efficacy of intensive lifestyle and pharmacological therapy in disease progression. Together, these studies should provide a public health model for the recognition of high-risk individuals and interventions to stem the epidemic of Type 2 diabetes. For those patients suffering with Type 2 diabetes already, pancreas transplantation remains an extreme intervention with the potential for 'curing' diabetes. Although applied usually to patients with Type 1 diabetes, experience is accumulating of transplantation in Type 2 diabetic patients with end-stage renal disease. Outcomes for these individuals are as good as for Type 1 diabetes. Islet-cell transplants, in fact, have been more successful in Type 2 diabetes compared with Type 1. Improved islet-cell availability, better immunosuppression, and the possibility of antigen masking make this technology a major hope for the future.
Development of the information quality scale for health information supply chain type 2 diabetes mellitus management using exploratory factor analysis.; Background: Research on the quality scale of the healthcare supply chain is still limited. This study aimed to assess the information quality of the supply chain model with a focus on construct validity. Studies related to information quality measurement generally focus on measuring the dimensions of the completeness of medical records and consumer perspectives. We intended to assess the scale based on doctors needed as care coordinators on type 2 diabetes mellitus or the Non-Insulin-Dependent-Diabetes-Mellitus (NIDDM) program in primary healthcare., Methods: Sixty-four primary healthcare doctors with an age range of 24-51 years were involved in this research. The scale obtained was formed from the assessment of the point of view of a panel of experts through the content validity index (CVI). The exploratory factor analysis (EFA) method was used to explore the scale of information quality in the information supply chain model for the NIDDM chronic disease management program., Result: The data analysis results indicated three main factors that affected the quality of the information supply chain model of NIDDM, namely accessibility, safety, and efficiency of information related to NIDDM. The results of the validity and reliability of the data showed that the scale used in this research was valid and reliable with a Cronbach alpha coefficient of 0.861., Conclusion: The scale developed in this research could be used to explore the quality of the information supply chain of NIDDM management in primary healthcare. Each item on the scale could explain the variables according to their respective groups. Copyright © The Author(s) 2023.
Effect of increasing duration of diabetes mellitus type 2 on glycated hemoglobin and insulin sensitivity.; Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is the most rapidly growing chronic metabolic disorder in the world. With advancement in the age and duration of diabetes there is a gradual tendency for the level of blood sugar to rise along with a subsequent increase in the HbA1c as well as in the fasting insulin level. Whether this is an aging process or increased frequency of diabetes is still controversial. The correlation between glucose and insulin sensitivity is consistent with the idea that the degree of chronic hyperglycemia is a cause of excessive insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes, i.e. the insulin resistance which characterizes type 2 diabetes but not nondiabetic subjects matched for age, gender, family history and duration of diabetes. The study comprised a total of 76 subjects out of which 30 were normal, non-diabetic persons and the rest 46 were diabetics with different duration of time in years, after being diagnosed diabetic. Data was analyzed after dividing the subjects into four groups-Group 1 comprised of one year old diabetics, Group 2 was made up of those, who had diabetes, for the past 2-5 years, Group 3 included patients who were diabetic since more than 5 years and Group 4 included non-diabetics as the normal control group. The results obtained indicated that the HbA1c levels showed a significant increase with the duration of diabetes as well as the insulin level showed a significant correlation after adjustment for age, sex and duration of diabetes.
SNPs of PSMA6 gene--investigation of possible association with myocardial infarction and type 2 diabetes mellitus.; In our preceding studies we have identified microsatellite polymorphisms inside the PSMA6 gene and in its 5' upstream region. Following the observed associations of microsatellite polymorphisms with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and Graves' disease we extended the evaluation of PSMA6 genetic variations to cardiovascular disorders and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. New polymorphisms in the promoter region and exon 6 of the gene were identified by direct sequencing of the promoter region and all seven exons of the gene in 30 individuals of European descent. Two SNPs at positions -110 and -8 from the translation start, in the promoter region and 5'UTR respectively, were analyzed. Neither polymorphism was associated with the risk of myocardial infarction. No significant association of the polymorphisms with plasma lipid levels or BMI was observed. A borderline association of both polymorphisms with diastolic blood pressure was observed in the control group. Genotype -8CG was significantly more frequent in type 2 diabetes patients, and haplotype C-110/G-8, compared to C-110/C-8 was associated with a higher risk of NIDDM.
Activity of the Chinese prescription Hachimi-jio-gan against renal damage in the Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima fatty rat: a model of human type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Currently, in Japan, approximately 95% of patients with diabetes mellitus have non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and diabetic nephropathy is a major cause of patients requiring chronic haemodialysis. A previous study showed that Hachimi-jio-gan has a protective effect in rats subjected to subtotal nephrectomy plus streptozotocin injection, a model of insulin-dependent (type 1) diabetic nephropathy. In this study, we used the Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rat, a model of human NIDDM, to investigate whether long-term administration of Hachimi-jio-gan affects glycaemic control and renal function in NIDDM. Male OLETF rats, aged 22 weeks, were divided into 4 groups of 10 and given Hachimi-jio-gan (50, 100 or 200 mg kg(-1) daily) orally or no treatment for 32 weeks. Male Long-Evans Tokushima Otsuka (LETO) rats (n = 6) were used as non-diabetic normal controls. Hachimi-jio-gan reduced hyperglycaemia dose-dependently from 16 weeks of the administration period. Urinary protein excretion decreased significantly from an early stage, and creatinine clearance levels improved at 32 weeks. In addition, the levels of serum glycosylated protein and renal advanced glycation end-products were effectively reduced. Hachimi-jio-gan also significantly reduced the levels of thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances in renal mitochondria, although it showed only a tendency to reduce these in serum. Furthermore, long-term administration of Hachimi-jio-gan reduced renal cortical expression of proteins, such as transforming growth factor-beta1 (TGF-beta1), fibronectin, inducible nitric oxide synthase and cyclooxygenase-2. The 100- and 200-mg kg(-1) daily doses of Hachimi-jio-gan significantly reduced TGF-beta1 and fibronectin protein expression to levels below those of LETO rats. These data suggest that Hachimi-jio-gan may have a beneficial effect on the progression of diabetic nephropathy in OLETF rats by attenuating glucose toxicity and renal damage.
Genetic variation in the gene encoding calpain-10 is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Type 2 or non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is the most common form of diabetes worldwide, affecting approximately 4% of the world's adult population. It is multifactorial in origin with both genetic and environmental factors contributing to its development. A genome-wide screen for type 2 diabetes genes carried out in Mexican Americans localized a susceptibility gene, designated NIDDM1, to chromosome 2. Here we describe the positional cloning of a gene located in the NIDDM1 region that shows association with type 2 diabetes in Mexican Americans and a Northern European population from the Botnia region of Finland. This putative diabetes-susceptibility gene encodes a ubiquitously expressed member of the calpain-like cysteine protease family, calpain-10 (CAPN10). This finding suggests a novel pathway that may contribute to the development of type 2 diabetes.
Short-term treatment with troglitazone decreases bone turnover in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Poorly controlled type 2 or non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients exhibit high bone turnover, which decelerate with treatment according to the degree of improvement in glycemic control. In adults, higher bone turnover results in rapid bone loss. Therefore, deceleration of bone turnover is beneficial for bone. Troglitazone (Tro), a new anti-diabetic drug, is a thiazolidinedione (TZD) which promotes adipocyte differentiation by activating peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma (PPARgamma). Because, in the bone marrow, adipocytes and osteoblasts originate in common mesenchymal stem cells that are also essential for osteoclastogenesis, TZDs may directly affect bone metabolism. Thus, we examined the effects of Tro on metabolic bone markers in type 2 DM patients. Tro (400 mg/day) was administered to 33 type 2 DM patients for four weeks. The day before and four weeks after starting Tro, serum and urine samples were collected after overnight fasting. Metabolic bone markers and glycemic indices were assessed. As bone resorption markers, urinary free and total deoxypyridinoline as well as urinary collagen type I C-terminal telopeptide were measured; as bone formation markers, serum bone type and total alkaline phosphatase (BALP and ALP) levels along with osteocalcin (OC) were used. No significant changes in fasting plasma glucose or HbA1c levels were observed in our short-term treatment with Tro. All the bone resorption markers, BALP and ALP were significantly decreased. OC was not significantly changed. The discrepant changes of OC from all the other metabolic bone markers suggest limitation of the use of OC as a reliable bone formation marker in diabetics. Our results that Tro decreased metabolic bone markers before significantly improving glucose metabolism suggest that it has direct effects on bone and decreased bone turnover. TZDs may spare bone mass in NIDDM subjects through its dual effects on glucose and bone metabolism.
Combination of oral antidiabetic drugs and insulin in the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) appears to be an heterogeneous disorder characterized by both relative insulin deficiency and impaired insulin action. The initial management of NIDDM should include patient education, dietary counselling and individualized programs of physical activity. It is only when such measures fail that drug therapy should be considered. Oral drug therapies include sulphonylurea derivatives, biguanides, among which metformin remains the only one commercialized in our country, and alpha-glucosidase inhibitors such as acarbose. However, insulin therapy may be required to achieve adequate glycaemic control in some patients, the so-called secondary failures to oral treatment. The rationale for combining insulin and oral drug therapy derives from a better understanding of the pathophysiology of NIDDM and of the mechanisms of action of the oral drugs available: 1) type 2 diabetic patients are both insulin-deficient and insulin-resistant, thus requiring quite high doses of exogenous insulin; 2) peripheral insulin delivery leads to hyperinsulinaemia which could play a role in the pathogenesis of late diabetic complications; 3) sulphonylureas stimulate insulin release directly into the portal vein and could also potentiate peripheral insulin action; and 4) metformin (by improving glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity) and alpha-glucosidase inhibitors (by slowing down the digestion of complex carbohydrates and sucrose) are able to reduce the amounts of insulin needed to control postprandial hyperglycaemia. Numerous studies have shown that a combination of insulin and sulphonylurea is more effective than insulin alone in the treatment of patients with NIDDM after secondary failure to oral drugs, leading to better glucose profiles and/or decreased insulin needs. The available data suggest that combination therapy is most beneficial in the diabetic patient who still has residual insulin secretory capacity and that the best scheme comprises an evening injection of lente insulin and the administration of sulphonylureas before meals. Preliminary results suggested that insulin-metformin (when obesity is present) or insulin-acarbose (when post-prandial hyperglycaemia occurs) combinations might offer some favourable features for the treatment of NIDDM patients although these therapeutical approaches still require adequate evaluation in further controlled studies. The additional cost of such combined therapy should be weighed against the potential advantages of better metabolic control.
Visceral fat loss by whole-body electromyostimulation is attenuated in male and absent in female older Non-Insulin-Dependent diabetes patients.; INTRODUCTION: Type 2 diabetes and its reversal correlate with increases and decreases in visceral fat (VF). Resistance exercise reduces VF in healthy persons, but little is known in type 2 diabetes. Muscle contractions induced by whole-body electromyostimulation (WB-EMS) provide a very effective form of resistance training. We hypothesized that WB-EMS reduces VF and improves plasma glucose measures in older non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) males and females., METHODS: A four-arm age-matched case control study was done on WB-EMS twice a week in older NIDDM patients (27 males, 18 females) compared with controls (15 males, 15 females). VAT area (VAT, cm2 ), total fat mass (TFM, kg) and lean body mass (LBM, kg) were assessed by DEXA-scanning. HbA1c, fasting glucose and plasma lipoproteins were measured at baseline and after 4 months., RESULTS: Baseline control VAT was higher in males than females (140.5 +/- 35.6 vs. 96.7 +/- 42.3, p < .001). In NIDDM, VAT was higher with no significant sex difference (206.5 +/- 65.0 vs. 186.5 +/- 60.5). In controls, WBEMS reduced VAT in males and females to similar extent (-16.9% and -16.4%, p < .001 vs. baseline) and in preference to TFM (-9.2% and -3.6%) or body weight loss (-2.8 and -2.1%). In NIDDM, VF loss was attenuated in males (-7.3%, p < .01) but completely absent in females. WBEMS reduced HbA1c and cholesterol and increased HDL levels (all p < .05) only in male NIDDM CONCLUSIONS: WBEMS induced VF loss in healthy older males and females an effect strongly attenuated in male and completely absent in female NIDDM patients. This questions the effectiveness of muscle contraction-induced VF lipolysis in NIDDM. Sex differences may dictate the success of resistance training in NIDDM, a subject that needs to be addressed in future studies. Copyright © 2022 The Authors. Endocrinology, Diabetes & Metabolism published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Effects of red wine, tannic acid, or ethanol on glucose tolerance in non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients and on starch digestibility in vitro.; This study examines the effect of moderate intake of red wine, tannic acid, or ethanol during a meal in type 2 diabetic patients and the influence of tannic acid on the digestibility of starch by alpha-amylase. Thirty non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients aged 53 +/- 6 years were studied (in vivo study) 10 of whom received red wine (200 mL), 10 tannic acid (150 mg), and 10 ethanol (16 g) with their midday meal (600 calories, 65 g carbohydrate, 20 g lipid, and 34 g protein). All patients were tested on two occasions (water or placebo v wine, alcohol, or tannic acid). The influence of tannic acid (0.25, 0.5, and 1 mg) on the digestibility of starch (100 mg) by alpha-amylase (100 U) was tested in vitro by sequential incubation at 37 degrees C (in vitro study). The maximum glucose excursion after lunch was 2.6 +/- 0.8 mmol/L at 90 minutes (T90) for water and 1.8 +/- 0.9 mmol/L at T90 for red wine taken with the meal. The values at T60 and T90 were significant (P < .01). Comparable results were obtained with tannic acid alone (nonalcoholic component of wine): the maximum glucose excursion after lunch was 2.76 +/- 0.9 mmol/L at T120 for placebo and 1.97 +/- 0.9 mmol/L at T90 for tannic acid (P < .01); no difference in glucose and insulin excursion was observed between water and ethanol. No interaction between tannic acid and starch was observed in the in vitro experiments, although after preincubation of alpha-amylase with tannic acid, digestion was slowed in a dose-dependent manner (6.1 +/- 1.1 minutes for 0.25 mg tannic acid and 13.1 +/- 1.59 minutes for 1 mg tannic acid). Drinking red wine with a meal did not increase blood glucose in NIDDM patients, and led to a slight decrease in some instances. The effect appeared to be mediated by the nonalcoholic compounds in wine such as tannic acid. Ethanol itself had no effect on plasma glucose or insulin levels.
Augmentation of kidney injury by basic fibroblast growth factor or platelet-derived growth factor does not induce progressive diabetic nephropathy in the Goto Kakizaki model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes.; Diabetes is now the most common cause of kidney failure. The pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy in both type 1 and type 2 diabetes, however, is still incompletely understood. Two mechanisms postulated to contribute to the pathogenesis of progressive diabetic nephropathy are glomerular cell proliferation and glomerular visceral epithelial cell or podocyte injury. The aim of the current study was to determine whether the aggravation of mesangial cell injury or podocyte injury in isolation would induce progressive diabetic nephropathy. Specifically, we examined whether the administration of either platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) or basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF) in sub-nephritogenic doses might lead to an aggravation of kidney structural changes associated with hyperglycemia, resulting in progressive kidney damage in the Goto Kakizaki (GK) rat, which is a genetic model of non-obese non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), in which progressive kidney disease does not develop spontaneously. The results demonstrate that the administration of PDGF to hyperglycemic GK rats led to acute mesangial cell proliferation and activation as assessed by 5-bromo-2'-deoxyuridine-positive nuclei and immunostaining for alpha-smooth muscle actin. Despite acute mesangial cell activation and proliferation, PDGF treatment had no long-term effect on either kidney structure or function. Similarly, treatment of GK rats with bFGF, despite the augmentation of podocyte injury as demonstrated by de novo expression of glomerular desmin expression, did not lead to the development of progressive diabetic nephropathy. In summary, the data in the current manuscript suggest that the additive effect of hyperglycemia and superimposed isolated mesangial cell or podocyte injury does not lead to progressive diabetic nephropathy. This further emphasises the multifactorial nature of the pathogenesis of progressive diabetic nephropathy.
Coronary heart disease mortality amongst non-insulin-dependent diabetic subjects in Iceland: the independent effect of diabetes. The Reykjavik Study 17-year follow up.; OBJECTIVES: The main aim of this study was to estimate the independent risk for coronary heart disease (CHD) death associated with non-insulin dependent (Type 2) diabetes (NIDDM) and effect on life expectancy., DESIGN AND SETTING: The Reykjavik Study is a prospective cardiovascular population study which started in 1967. A randomized selection procedure identified individuals for invitation to participate, based on their year and date of birth. Participants were examined in the years 1967-91 in one research clinic in Reykjavik., SUBJECTS AND METHODS: The population in this survey were Icelandic Caucasian males and females, born 1907-35 and therefore 34-79 years old when their examination was performed. Altogether 9139 males and 9773 females attended, and of those 267 males and 210 female were NIDDM as defined by a questionnaire or an oral glucose tolerance test. Other factors measured in the study included systolic and diastolic blood pressure, fasting total cholesterol, triglycerides, uric acid, smoking habits, height, and weight. The causes of death were determined by a review of all death certificates. Results . The relative risk of death from CHD (95% confidence limits), independently associated with NIDDM, was 2.0 (1.5-2.6) for males and 2.4 (1.6-3.6) for females. The relative risk of death from all causes was 1.9 (1.6-2.3) and 1.7 (1.3-2.1), respectively, for male and female diabetic patients., CONCLUSIONS: Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus carried twice the risk of CHD death in both sexes, independently of other risk factors. The diagnosis of NIDDM at the age 55 years reduced an individual's life expectancy by about five years, mostly because of increased CHD death rate.
Low-density lipoprotein size, high-density lipoprotein concentration, and endothelial dysfunction in non-insulin-dependent diabetes.; We examined endothelial function (nitric-oxide mediated) in 29 men with diet-treated non-insulin-dependent (Type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 18 male age-matched controls. Forearm blood flow was measured by venous occlusive plethysmography during intra-arterial administration of acetylcholine (ACh, 7.5 and 15 microg min(-1)) and sodium nitroprusside (SNP, 3 and 10 microg min(-1)). LDL particle size was estimated by non-denaturing gel electrophoresis. Serum lipids, blood pressure, and glycated haemoglobin were also measured. LDL particle size was smaller (p = 0.048) in the diabetic patients than controls. In the diabetic patients, LDL particle size was a significant positive predictor (p = 0.01) of the area under the dose-response curve for ACh, after adjusting for age, HbA1c, systolic BP, and cholesterol (R2 0.20). In stepwise regression including serum lipid and lipoprotein concentrations and LDL particle size, decreased HDL cholesterol was the best predictor of an impaired vasodilatory response to ACh. Vasodilatory responses to sodium nitroprusside were not significantly correlated with LDL particle size or serum lipid and lipoprotein concentrations. We conclude that in men with NIDDM, small, dense LDL particle size is associated with abnormal endogenous release of nitric oxide. The contribution of small, dense LDL particles to the development of endothelial dysfunction and early diabetic vasculopathy may not, however, be as great as decreased HDL cholesterol.
Effects of insulin on body composition in patients with insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes.; Insulin is used to control blood glucose but may have an adverse effect on the amount and distribution of fat mass and other cardiovascular risk factors. To test this hypothesis the effect of insulin therapy on blood glucose, body composition, and lipid levels was measured during 6 months in 9 patients with newly diagnosed insulin-dependent (Type 1) diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and 15 patients with non-insulin dependent (Type 2) diabetes (NIDDM) and secondary failure of therapy with oral hypoglycaemic agents. Both groups received similar daily doses of insulin (approximately 0.6 units kg-1 day-1). Glycaemic control improved during 6 months treatment in both groups, although the reduction in HbA1c was greater in IDDM (5.2 +/- 0.7%) than in NIDDM (2.0 +/- 0.4%, p < 0.001). All parameters of the lipid profile improved in IDDM but not in NIDDM. Body weight, lean mass, and fat mass, measured by dual energy x-ray absorptiometry, increased at 1 month in IDDM but not in NIDDM. By 6 months, body weight had increased more in IDDM than NIDDM (9.1 +/- 1.2 vs 3.77 +/- 0.5 kg, p < 0.01). The increase in weight was predominantly lean mass in IDDM (60.4 +/- 9.3%) and fat mass in NIDDM (59.9 +/- 8.4%). The increase in lean mass was greater in IDDM than NIDDM (5.6 +/- 1.1 vs 1.4 +/- 0.3 kg, p < 0.001). Fat mass increased by similar increments in IDDM and NIDDM (3.4 +/- 0.8 vs 2.4 +/- 0.5 kg, p = ns) and was predominantly an increase in trunk fat (IDDM: 2.3 +/- 0.6 kg, NIDDM: 2.0 +/- 0.4 kg, p = ns). The central/peripheral fat mass ratio prior to treatment was lower in IDDM than NIDDM (0.64 +/- 0.05 vs 1.09 +/- 0.09, p < 0.01) and then increased in IDDM by 0.32 +/- 0.15 (p = 0.07) and in NIDDM by 0.22 +/- 0.06 (p < 0.001). In conclusion, insulin therapy is associated with weight gain in both IDDM and NIDDM. In the former, weight gain reflects increases in lean mass whereas in NIDDM it reflects an increase in trunk fat mass. It remains to be determined whether this trend to central obesity partly offsets other benefits of insulin therapy in NIDDM.
Concentrations of lipids and apolipoproteins in patients with clinically well-controlled insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes.; The triglyceride and cholesterol content of total, very-low-, intermediate-, low-, and high-density lipoproteins, and of apolipoproteins (apo) Al, All, B, Cll, Clll, and E were determined in plasma from 107 patients with clinically well-controlled diabetes and from 66 age- and weight-matched healthy normal subjects. The diabetic patients were separated into two groups: those with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM, type 1, n = 24) and those with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM, type 2, n = 83). The latter group contained two subgroups: those treated by diet (type 2d, n = 42) or by insulin (type 2i, n = 41). High-density lipoprotein cholesterol was increased in IDDM patients, and decreased in NIDDM patients relative to control subjects. Mean apo Al values in IDDM patients were higher than in their respective controls and in NIDDM patients. Concentrations of apo B, Clll, and E were higher in all diabetic patients than in the healthy controls, but those of apo Cll did not differ statistically between diabetics and nondiabetics. Although total plasma cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations were apparently near normal values in patients with good glycemic control, we found a persistent increase of intermediate-density lipoproteins (remnants) in all the diabetic groups studied. This factor may be related to the perceived increased cardiovascular risk in these individuals.
NO-dependent smooth muscle vasodilatation is reduced in NIDDM patients with peripheral sensory neuropathy.; In order to determine the involvement of denervation in endothelium-independent, nitric oxide (NO)-dependent smooth muscle vasodilation, we have measured vascular endothelial and smooth muscle function in three groups of age- and sex-matched patients: 8 patients with non-insulin-dependent (Type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with neuropathy; 7 NIDDM patients without neuropathy; and 10 non-diabetic control subjects. Laser Doppler probes were used to measure blood flow in the dorsum of the left foot. Vascular endothelial response was assessed by measuring vasodilatory responses to iontophoretic application of acetylcholine to the dorsum of the foot. Vascular smooth muscle activity was assessed by the response to iontophoresis of sodium nitroprusside (SNP)-a NO donor and direct vasodilator. The vasodilator response to acetylcholine, expressed as the ratio of peak to basal blood flow, was significantly reduced in both diabetic groups when compared to non-diabetic controls (geometric mean x/divided by anti-logged SD 9.81 x/divided by 1.65 versus patients with neuropathy 3.50 x/divided by 2.03, p < 0.005 and diabetic non-neuropathic subjects 3.49 x/divided by 1.67, p < 0.005). The difference between the two groups of diabetic patients was not significant. In contrast, the vasodilatation to nitroprusside was significantly reduced only in the diabetic neuropathic patients, significantly lower than in either the non-neuropathic diabetic controls or the non-diabetic controls (2.1 x/divided by 2.0 versus 6.42 x/divided by 1.56 and 7.02 x/divided by 2.05, p < 0.005). This indicates that neuropathy is important in abnormalities of endothelium-independent vasodilatation.
Mortality in older people with diabetes mellitus.; It is universally acknowledged that diabetes mellitus is a common cause of morbidity in the elderly population but it is less well established that the mortality of people with diabetes is greater at any given age. This comprehensive literature review aims to examine the evidence in order to clarify the relationship between diabetes and mortality risk in elderly diabetic patients. Information was obtained by carrying out a MEDLINE search for relevant papers published in 1980 and onwards; a key paper on mortality in non-insulin-dependent (Type 2) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) was used as an index paper; Diabetes, Diabetologia, Diabetic Medicine, Diabete et Metabolisme, and Diabetes Care were hand searched; and, finally, other experts in the field were contacted. Two reviewers independently extracted the data from each of the studies and disagreements were discussed and resolved. The studies in elderly study populations comprised mainly NIDDM. The review demonstrated that diabetes is a significant contributor to mortality and reduced life expectancy in elderly subjects. Demographic trends in our population indicate that diabetes will continue to be a challenging health problem.
Use of antioxidant nutrients in the prevention and treatment of type 2 diabetes.; Type 2 diabetes, or non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), is increasingly common throughout the world. The World Health Organization has predicted that between 1997 and 2025, the number of diabetics will double from 143 million to about 300 million. The incidence of NIDDM is highest in economically developed nations, particularly the U.S., where approximately 6.5% of the population (17 million people) have either diagnosed or undiagnosed diabetes. The two most important factors contributing to the development of NIDDM are obesity and physical inactivity. The leading cause of mortality and morbidity in people with NIDDM is cardiovascular disease caused by macro- and microvascular degeneration. Current therapies for NIDDM focus primarily on weight reduction. Indeed, several investigations indicate that 65% to 75% of cases of diabetes in Caucasians could be avoided if individuals in this subgroup did not exceed their ideal weight. The success of this approach has been, at best, modest. An alternate approach to the control of Type 2 diabetes is to arrest the progress of the pathology until a cure has been found. To this end, some investigators suggest that dietary antioxidants may be of value. Several studies in humans and laboratory animals with NIDDM indicate that vitamin E and lipoic acid supplements lessen the impact of oxidative damage caused by dysregulation of glucose metabolism. In this brief review, we discuss the incidence, etiology, and current therapies for NIDDM and further explore the usefulness of dietary antioxidants in treating this disorder.
Concordance for type 1 (insulin-dependent) and type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in a population-based cohort of twins in Finland.; We studied the cumulative incidence, concordance rate and heritability for diabetes mellitus in a nationwide cohort of 13,888 Finnish twin pairs of the same sex. The twins were born before 1958 and both co-twins were alive in 1967. Data on diabetes were derived through computerized record linkage from death certificates, the National Hospital Discharge Register and the National Drug Register. Records were reviewed in order to assign a diagnostic category to the 738 diabetic patients identified. Of these patients 109 had Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes, 505 Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes, 46 gestational diabetes, 24 secondary diabetes, 38 impaired glucose tolerance and 16 remained unclassified. The cumulative incidence of diabetes was 1.4% in men and 1.3% in women aged 28-59 years and 9.3% and 7.0% in men and women aged 60 years and over, respectively. The cumulative incidence did not differ between monozygotic and dizygotic twins. The concordance rate for Type 1 diabetes was higher among monozygotic (23% probandwise and 13% pairwise) than dizygotic twins (5% probandwise and 3% pairwise). The probandwise and pairwise concordance rates for Type 2 diabetes were 34% and 20% among monozygotic twins and 16% and 9% in dizygotic twins, respectively. Heritability for Type 1 diabetes was greater than that for Type 2 where both genetic and environmental effects seemed to play a significant role.
Glucokinase gene in gestational diabetes mellitus: population association study and molecular scanning.; Mutations of the glucokinase gene result in early-onset familial Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, and several members of the mutant glucokinase kindreds were originally diagnosed as having gestational diabetes. This study examined the glucokinase gene in 270 American Black women, including 94 with gestational diabetes whose diabetes resolved after pregnancy (gestational diabetes only), 77 with gestational diabetes who developed Type 2 diabetes after pregnancy (overt diabetes), and 99 normal control subjects who were recruited during the peripartum period. Two simple sequence repeat polymorphisms flanking either end of the glucokinase gene were evaluated. No association was found between glucokinase alleles and gestational diabetes only or overt diabetes, after adjustment for multiple comparisons. To detect single base changes, all 11 exons and proximal islet and liver promoter regions were examined by polymerase chain reaction plus single-stranded conformational polymorphism analysis in 45 gestational diabetes only patients who had not yet developed Type 2 diabetes. Nine coding region variants were identified: Ala11 (GCC) to Thr11 (ACC) in islet exon 1, and 8 variants either in untranslated regions or in the third base of a codon. Four variant sites were found in introns, but none in splicing consensus sequences. Analysis of the promoter regions revealed two common variants, G-->A at islet -30 (24%), and G-->A at liver -258 (42%). The frequencies of the promoter variants, determined by allele specific polymerase chain reaction analysis, but did not differ among the three groups. Thus, no significant coding sequence glucokinase mutations were found in 90 alleles from 45 patients with gestational diabetes.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Male predominance of type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in young adults: results from a 5-year prospective nationwide study of the 15-34-year age group in Sweden.; The incidence of diabetes mellitus in Sweden in the 15-34 year age group was prospectively studied on a nationwide basis, beginning 1 January 1983. A total of 1,214 male and 720 female cases of newly-diagnosed (excluding gestational) diabetes were reported over a 5-year period. This corresponds to an incidence of 20.5 per 100,000/year in male subjects and 12.7 per 100,000/year in female subjects. Most cases were classified as Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes, with an incidence of 15.9 in males and 8.6 in females. The incidence of Type 1 diabetes decreased gradually with age, while the incidence of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes increased. A male predominance was found in all age groups, with a male-to-female ratio of 1.8:1 for Type 1 diabetes and 1.3:1 for Type 2 diabetes. Maximum blood glucose concentration at diagnosis was significantly higher in males than in females in both Type 1 and Type 2 diabetic subjects. In contrast, the percent desirable weight was significantly higher in females, both in Type 1 and Type 2 diabetic subjects. The difference in diabetes incidence therefore cannot be attributed to any methodological error. The present finding of a marked male predominance after puberty in Type 1 diabetes in an ethnically quite homogeneous population supports the hypothesis that environmental risk factors and life-style are important for the development of the disease.
[New classification and diagnostic criteria for diabetes mellitus].; The new Classification and Diagnostic Criteria for Diabetes Mellitus (DM), prepared by a group of experts from the American Diabetes Association is presented and analyzed. On an etiopathogenic basis, it designates Insulin Dependent and Non Insulin Dependent as Type 1 and Type 2 respectively. It specifies DM having specific known causes. It maintains Gestational Diabetes and Glucose Intolerance and adds the Impaired Fasting Glucose Condition. It recommends fasting plasma glucose for search and diagnosis, and lowers the level to > or = 126 mg/dl instead of > or = 140 mg/dl, due to its association with chronical complications of DM. It maintains the diagnostic criteria of random and post charge glycemia > or 200 mg/dl. It does not alter the glucose intolerance figure (140-200 mg/dl in OGTT) and introduces fasting abnormality > or = 110 and < 126 mg/dl. It encourages the search with fasting glucose every 3 years in individuals aged over 45, and at more frequent intervals in younger individuals with high risk factors. Analysis of the report allows to conclude that, although the classification does not introduce any significant change in daily clinical use, its pathogenic orientation makes future innovations possible. The preferential use of fasting glucose > or = 126 mg/dl for diagnosis of DM has theoretical basis and practical advantages. Identification of individuals with impaired fasting glucose allows to detect, in a simple manner, a high risk group in which to start preventive measures. However, there is a percentage of cases which are not diagnosed by fasting glycemia, but are diagnosed by OGTT, therefore the latter should not be discarded.
Assessing Knowledge on Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Child Health.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a diagnosis of glucose intolerance during pregnancy. The risk of type II diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and obesity for the child and mother increases when GDM develops. Preventing the development of GDM could help lower the prevalence of obesity and type II diabetes mellitus morbidity rates in children of affected mothers. The purpose of the study was to identify the awareness level of females ages 12 and 51 years, on the long-term risk of obesity and T2DM on their children in Australia and Samoa. This is a quantitative study involving 202 females, from across Australia and Samoa, between April 2021 and November 2021, comparing the level of knowledge between a developing and developed country. In Australia and Samoa, 15% (n=16) and 34% (n=33) of females respectively, were aware of the long-term complications of GDM on their children. These findings indicate that there is inadequate knowledge regarding the long-term consequences associated with GDM on both the risk for T2DM in women and the risk for long-term complications for their children. The greatest source of information in both countries was obtained from physicians or midwives, 52% (n=105). This supports the need for increased education on GDM, through social media, the internet, and community health professionals. By increasing awareness of GDM and implementing preventive strategies, it may be possible to reduce the prevalence of obesity and T2DM in Australia and Samoa. ©Copyright 2023 by University Health Partners of Hawai'i (UHP Hawai'i).
Gestational diabetes, type II diabetes, and mammographic breast density in a U.S. racially diverse population screened for breast cancer.; PURPOSE: Type II diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has consistently been associated with an increased risk of breast cancer, but the association of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with breast cancer is less clear. T2DM and GDM may influence breast cancer risk through mammographic breast density, a strong risk factor for breast cancer. We examined whether T2DM and GDM are associated with higher mammographic breast density in a largely racial/ethnic minority sample., METHODS: We collected digital mammograms, anthropometric measures, and interview data from 511 racially diverse women recruited during screening mammography appointments between 2012 and 2016 (mean age 51 years; 70% Hispanic). We examined the associations of self-reported GDM, T2DM, and medication use (metformin and insulin) with mammographic breast density, measured as percent and area of dense tissue using Cumulus software., RESULTS: In multivariable linear regression models, history of T2DM and/or GDM and length of time since diagnosis were not associated with percent density or dense breast area, either before or after adjustment for current BMI. Use of metformin in diabetic women was associated with lower percent density (beta = - 5.73, 95% CI - 10.27, - 1.19), only before adjusting for BMI. These associations were not modified by menopausal status., CONCLUSIONS: Our results do not support associations between T2DM and/or GDM and higher amount of mammographically dense breast tissue, suggesting that the mechanism linking diabetes with breast cancer risk may not include mammographic breast density in midlife.
Lixisenatide, a novel GLP-1 receptor agonist for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Lixisenatide, under development by sanofi-aventis, is a novel human glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor (GLP-1R) agonist for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM; non-insulin dependent diabetes). The structure of lixisenatide, based on exendin-4(1-39) modified C-terminally with six Lys residues, is able to withstand physiological degradation by dipeptidyl peptidase IV. In vitro, lixisenatide bound to human GLP-1R with a greater affinity than native human GLP-1 (7-36 amide). In various in vitro and in vivo models of T2DM, lixisenatide improved glycemic measures and demonstrated promising pancreatic beta-cell-preserving actions. In patients with T2DM, subcutaneously administered lixisenatide displayed linear pharmacokinetics. In two phase II clinical trials, lixisenatide improved glucose tolerance, resulted in weight loss and lowered HbA1C, thereby causing significantly more patients to achieve target HbA1C levels compared with placebo. Lixisenatide exhibited well-established GLP-1-related gastrointestinal side effects, with mild nausea occurring most frequently; a low frequency of hypoglycemia was also reported. The results of phase III trials are awaited for confirmation of the anticipated effects of lixisenatide on glycemic measures and weight; favorable results would place lixisenatide for consideration among other GLP-1R agonists in the treatment armamentarium for T2DM.
The Effect of Chronic Dietary Protein Manipulation on Amino Acids' Profile and Position Sense in the Elderly Suffering from Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; Dietary protein with adequate essential amino acids effectively stimulates protein synthesis and improves muscle mass. Musculoskeletal disorders in lower or upper limbs are not uncommon among patients with type II diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Therefore, this study primarily examines the effects of chronic dietary protein manipulation on amino acids' profile and position sense in the elderly suffering from T2DM. A total of 26 individuals suffering from non-insulin-dependent T2DM (age > 55 years old) participated in a 12 week nutritional intervention. The subjects were randomly assigned and the control group received 0.8-1.0 g protein/kg/day, while the intervention group received 1.2-1.5 g protein/kg/day. Lean body mass, muscle strength, and position sense were assessed at baseline, as well as at the 6th and 12th week of the intervention. Only in the intervention group, the essential amino acids intake met the current nutritional recommendations (p < 0.05), while, by the 12th week, only the intervention group showed significant improvement in the muscle strength of knee (p < 0.05) and shoulder (p < 0.05) extension. On the contrary, in the control group, a significant decline in appendicular lean mass (p < 0.05) was observed by the 12th week. Position sense at the knee joint revealed a tendency for improvement in the intervention group by the 12th week (main effect of time p = 0.072). In the present investigation, it was revealed that the higher protein intake in the intervention group seemed to have positive effects on muscle strength and nearly positive effects on position sense.
Cost-Effectiveness Analysis of Group vs. Weblog Telecommunication (Web Tel) Nutrition Education Program on Glycemic Indices in Patients With Non-Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus Type 2: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; This a randomized controlled trial study with a cost-effectiveness analysis that aimed to compare the cost-effectiveness of group nutrition education with that of Web-Tel nutrition education in the glycemic control of patients with non-insulin-dependent type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The study was conducted on 105 patients with T2DM for 3 months in Quds health centre of Bushehr province, Iran. The participants were classified based on age and disease severity (hemoglobin A1c level); then, they were randomly assigned to one of the three groups: group education, Web-Tel education, and the control group using block randomization method. The clinical (intermediate) outcome was changes in hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c). Patients' perspective was adopted, and a deterministic one-way sensitivity analysis was conducted to identify the effects of uncertainties. The results indicated that the expected effectiveness was 0.46, 0.63, and 0.4; the mean costs was 27,188, 5,335, and 634 purchasing power parity (PPP) dollars for group education, Web-Tel education, and the control group, respectively. The incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) of Web-Tel education vs. the control group was positive and equal to $21, 613.04 PPP; since it was less than three times of the threshold, the Web-Tel education method was considered as a more cost-effective method than the control group. On the other hand, the ICER of group education vs. control group was $447,067 PPP and above the threshold, so group education was considered as a dominated method compared with the control group. In conclusion, considering the ICER, Web-Tel education is a more cost-effective method than the other two and can be used as the first priority in educating patients with T2DM. The present study was registered in Thailand Clinical Trials Registry (TCTR20210331001). Copyright © 2022 Derakhshandeh-Rishehri, Keshavarz, Ghodsi, Pishdad and Faghih.
Training-induced alterations of skeletal muscle mitochondrial biogenesis proteins in non-insulin-dependent type 2 diabetic men.; This study investigates whether regular physical activity (moderate endurance or resistance training twice a week for 3 months) influences the key regulatory molecules of mitochondrial biogenesis (peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator-1alpha (PGC1alpha), nuclear respiratory factor-1 (NRF1), and mitochondrial transcription factor A (TFAM)) in patients suffering from non-insulin-dependent type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (n = 16, years = 62 +/- 7, body mass index (BMI) = 30 +/- 4 kg/m(2)). Seven T2DM men took part in endurance training, and 9 men participated in resistance training. BMI-matched non-diabetic male control subjects (CON) (n = 7, years = 53 +/- 6, BMI = 30 +/- 4 kg/m(2)) were studied for comparison. The protein contents of PGC1alpha, NRF1, and TFAM were determined using immunohistochemical staining methods on biopsies taken from the musculus vastus lateralis. At baseline, no differences were observed in NRF1-density between the T2DM men and the CON, while the contents of PGC1alpha and TFAM were decreased in the T2DM men. PGC1alpha and TFAM contents were not changed in the T2DM patients after the training period, but NRF1 was decreased. The down-regulation of mitochondrial signaling molecules might explain the patho-physiological reduction in mitochondrial biogenesis found in T2DM. Physical training, as performed in our study, did not reverse the down-regulation of mitochondrial signaling molecules--at least not after 3 months. [corrected].
Training alters the skeletal muscle antioxidative capacity in non-insulin-dependent type 2 diabetic men.; The present study analyzes the oxidative stress situation in the skeletal muscle of overweight/obese men suffering from non-insulin-dependent type 2 diabetes mellitus [T2DM, n=16, years=61+/-7, body mass index (BMI)=31+/-4 kg/m(2) ] and BMI-matched non-diabetic male control subjects (CON, n=7, years=53+/-6, BMI=30+/-4 kg/m(2) ). Furthermore, it investigates whether physical training can alter the skeletal muscle antioxidative capacity of T2DM patients at rest. Molecule content analyses (immunohistochemical stainings) of 8-iso-prostaglandin-F2alpha (8-Iso-PGF), superoxide dismutase-2 (SOD2), glutathione peroxidase-1 (GPX1), peroxiredoxin isoforms (PRDX 1-6) and heat-shock-protein-70 (HSP70) were performed in biopsies taken from the vastus lateralis muscle. Under basal conditions, 8-Iso-PGF was significantly decreased in T2DM patients (-35.7%), whereas PRDX2 and PRDX6 were significantly increased relative to CON (+82.6%; +82.3%). Differences were neither observed in SOD2 nor in GPX1 or PRDX1, 3, 4, 5 density. Regular physical activity (moderate endurance or resistance training twice a week for 3 months) did not alter PRDX1, 2, 3, 4, 6 in the skeletal muscle of T2DM patients, but significantly increased SOD2 (+65.9%), GPX1 (+62.4%), PRDX5 (+37.5%), and HSP70 (+48.5%). Overweight/obese men with non-insulin-dependent T2DM exhibit up-regulated cytosolic peroxiredoxin contents relative to BMI-matched controls. Regular training further up-regulates cytosolic and mitochondrial antioxidative enzymes in T2DM patients and improves their cellular protection systems. This may contribute to a retardation of the disease's progression. Copyright © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Audit of Diabetes-Dependent Quality of Life (ADDQoL) [Chinese Version for Singapore] questionnaire: reliability and validity among Singaporeans with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The Audit of Diabetes-Dependent Quality of Life (ADDQoL) questionnaire is an individualized instrument that measures the impact of diabetes mellitus on quality of life (QOL). With the worldwide increase in the number of Chinese people diagnosed with diabetes, we anticipated that a Chinese-language version of the ADDQoL would be urgently needed., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reliability and validity of the ADDQoL (Chinese version for Singapore) among Chinese-speaking Singaporeans with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)., METHODS: Chinese versions of the ADDQoL, EuroQoL-Visual Analogue Scale (EQ-VAS), EQ-5D and SF-6D were administered to Chinese-speaking participants with T2DM (aged > or =21 years) at a tertiary acute-care hospital by convenience sampling. The ADDQoL was assessed for the following: internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha); test-retest reliability (intraclass correlation coefficient [ICC]); factor structure; known-groups validity (insulin requiring vs non-insulin requiring, with vs without diabetes-related complications, overweight/obese vs not overweight/obese); and convergent and divergent validity (with EQ-VAS, EQ-5D and SF-6D). The usefulness of weighting and 'not applicable' (NA) options (key features of ADDQoL) were also evaluated., RESULTS: In 88 participants (58% male, mean [SD] age 56.6 [11.74] years), the mean (SD) ADDQoL average weighted impact (AWI) score was -2.613 (1.899). Cronbach's alpha was 0.941 and the ICC was 0.955 (95% CI 0.812, 0.990). In confirmatory factor analysis, the hypothesized one-factor solution was supported. ADDQoL AWI scores correlated strongly with ADDQoL diabetes-dependent global QOL scores (Spearman's rank correlation coefficient [r(s)] = 0.5983) and weakly with generic measures (r(s) = -0.028 for ADDQoL present global QOL scores, 0.310 for EQ-VAS, 0.164 for EQ-5D and 0.281 for SF-6D). Participants who required insulin, those with diabetes-related complications and those who were overweight/obese reported lower AWI scores, but the differences were not statistically significant. Importance scores of zero were assigned 1-28% of the time and the NA options were selected 3-49% of the time., CONCLUSIONS: The ADDQoL is reliable and probably valid for assessing QOL among Chinese-speaking Singaporeans with T2DM, although known-groups validity warrants further investigation.
Benefits of Whey Proteins on Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Parameters and Prevention of Cardiovascular Diseases.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a major cause of morbidity and mortality, and it is a major risk factor for the early onset of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). More than genetics, food, physical activity, walkability, and air pollution are lifestyle factors, which have the greatest impact on T2DM. Certain diets have been shown to be associated with lower T2DM and cardiovascular risk. Diminishing added sugar and processed fats and increasing antioxidant-rich vegetable and fruit intake has often been highlighted, as in the Mediterranean diet. However, less is known about the interest of proteins in low-fat dairy and whey in particular, which have great potential to improve T2DM and could be used safely as a part of a multi-target strategy. This review discusses all the biochemical and clinical aspects of the benefits of high-quality whey, which is now considered a functional food, for prevention and improvement of T2DM and CVDs by insulin- and non-insulin-dependent mechanisms.
Influence of physical activity on periodontal health in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. A blinded, randomized, controlled trial.; OBJECTIVES: The aim was to investigate the effect of physical activity on periodontal health and HbA1c levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) over a period of 6 months., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Thirty-seven patients with non-insulin-dependent T2DM were included in the study. The intervention group (n=20) performed physical activity over a period of 6 months. The control group (n=17) did not receive any intervention. Baseline and final examinations included dental parameters and concentrations of glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP)., RESULTS: Physical activity showed a positive effect on periodontal health. Both the BOP (p= 0.005) and the severity of periodontitis (p= 0.001) were significantly reduced in the intervention group compared to the control group. Furthermore, HbA1c levels were reduced (p= 0.010) significantly in the intervention group while hsCRP levels significantly increased in the control group (p= 0.04)., CONCLUSIONS: Within the limitations of this randomized, controlled trial, physical activity over a period of 6 months is a health-promoting measure for patients with T2DM and improves both periodontal health and HbA1c concentrations. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Sugar-Lowering Drugs for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Metabolic Syndrome-Review of Classical and New Compounds: Part-I.; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a metabolic disorder characterized by chronic hyperglycemia together with disturbances in the metabolism of carbohydrates, proteins and fat, which in general results from an insulin availability and need imbalance. In a great number of patients, marketed anti-glycemic agents have shown poor effectiveness in maintaining a long-term glycemic control, thus being associated with severe adverse effects and leading to an emerging interest in natural compounds (e.g., essential oils and other secondary plant metabolites, namely, flavonoid-rich compounds) as a novel approach for prevention, management and/or treatment of either non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (T2DM, type 2 DM) and/or Metabolic Syndrome (MS). In this review, some of these promising glucose-lowering agents will be comprehensively discussed.
Obviating much of the need for insulin therapy in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A re-assessment of insulin therapy's safety profile.; Current processes of care for diabetes mellitus (DM) were shaped during the era when insulin therapy was considered inexorable to the management of advanced stage type 2 (T2DM), though this no longer appears to be categorically true. There are also dashed hopes that insulin therapy can prevent or stall diabetes. While exogenous insulin remains a life-sparing tool for fully insulin-dependent DM, insulin therapy-induced hyperinsulinemia now appears to contribute to serious safety issues beyond hypoglycemia and weight gain. Iatrogenic and compensatory hyperinsulinemia are metabolic disruptors of beta-cells, liver, muscle, kidney, brain, heart and vasculature, inflammation, and lipid homeostasis, among other systems. This may compromise beta-cells, exacerbate insulin resistance (IR), and increase risk of cardiovascular (CV) disease. Striking associations between exogenous insulin and risks of CV events, cancer, and all-cause mortality in clinical trial and real-world cohorts caution that insulin may pose more harm than previously evidenced. At our disposal are numerous alternate tools that, alone or in combination, efficaciously manage hyperglycemia and glucolipotoxicity, and do so without inducing hypoglycemia, weight gain, or hyperinsulinemia. Moreover, these new tools support true precision therapy, as modern day drug classes can be aligned with the various mediating pathways of hyperglycemia at work in any given patient. Some also appear to promote beta-cell survival, with intriguing data being presented for newer agents, such as incretins. As such, we encourage preferential use of non-insulin antidiabetic agents to injected insulin for the management of non-insulin-dependent patients with T2DM, including in advanced stage T2DM. The goal of this article is to augment existing literature to 1) correct misconceptions on the rationale and necessity for insulin therapy in T2DM, 2) discuss emerging negative safety data with insulin therapy, and, 3) offer a practical means to reduce reliance on insulin through delayed initiation, minimized dose, and, drug switching to safer agents, and, potentially, reframes processes of care.
Low dose resveratrol improves cerebrovascular function in type 2 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Progressive microvascular dysfunction in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) may impair the ability of cerebral vessels to supply blood to brain regions during local metabolic demand, thereby increasing risks of dementia. Having previously demonstrated that resveratrol can enhance vasodilator function in the systemic circulation, we hypothesised that resveratrol could similarly benefit the cerebral circulation. We aimed to determine the most efficacious dose of resveratrol to improve cerebral vasodilator responsiveness (CVR) in T2DM., METHODS AND RESULTS: In a double-blind, placebo-controlled, balanced crossover intervention, 36 dementia-free, non-insulin dependent T2DM older adults (49-78 years old) consumed single doses of synthetic trans-resveratrol (0, 75, 150, and 300 mg) at weekly intervals. Transcranial Doppler ultrasound was used to assess CVR to a hypercapnic stimulus, both before and 45 min after treatment. CVR, measured bilaterally in the middle cerebral arteries (MCA) and posterior cerebral arteries (PCA), was expressed as the percentage change in mean blood flow velocity from baseline to the peak velocity attained during hypercapnia. Resveratrol consumption increased CVR in the MCA; mean within-individual changes for each dose from placebo were 13.8 +/- 3.5% for 75 mg (P = 0.001), 8.9 +/- 3.5% for 150 mg (P = 0.016), and 13.7 +/- 3.3% for 300 mg (P < 0.001); only the 75 mg dose was efficacious in the PCA (13.2 +/- 4.5%, P = 0.016)., CONCLUSIONS: Our results provide the first clinical evidence of an acute enhancement of vasodilator responsiveness in cerebral vessels following consumption of resveratrol in this population who are known to have endothelial dysfunction and sub-clinical cognitive impairment. Importantly, maximum improvement was observed with the lowest dose used., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ACTRN12614000891628 (www.anzctr.org.au). Copyright © 2016 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Psychological Interventions for the Management of Glycemic and Psychological Outcomes of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in China: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analyses of Randomized Controlled Trials.; INTRODUCTION: China has the largest number of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) cases globally, and T2DM management has become a critical public health issue in China. Individuals with T2DM have an increased risk of developing mental health disorders, psychological disturbances, and functional problems associated with living with their condition. Previous systematic reviews have demonstrated that, generally, psychological interventions are effective in the management of T2DM-related outcomes; however, these reviews have predominantly included studies conducted within English-speaking countries and have not determined the efficacy of the varying types of psychological interventions. As such, this paper aims to synthesize evidence and quantify the efficacy of psychological therapies for the management of glycemic and psychological outcomes of T2DM in China, relative to control conditions., METHODS: A systematic search (MEDLINE, PsycINFO, CINAHL, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, and Wangfang Data) for all years to December 2014 identified all available literature. Eligibility criteria included: peer-reviewed journal articles, randomized controlled trials (RCTs) assessing the efficacy of a psychological therapy for the management of T2DM, adult participants (>=18 years) diagnosed with T2DM or non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and Chinese speaking participants only (in mainland China). Outcome measures were glycated hemoglobin, blood glucose concentration, depression, anxiety, and quality of life. Effect sizes were pooled using a random effects model. Negative effect sizes corresponded to positive outcomes favoring the intervention., RESULTS: Forty-five RCTs were eligible for the meta-analyses. Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) and motivational interviewing (MI) were more effective than the control condition in the reduction of glycated hemoglobin [CBT: -0.97 (95% CI -1.37 to -0.57); MI: -0.71 (95% CI -1.00 to -0.43)]. CBT and client-centered therapy (CCT) were also associated with reductions in depression and blood glucose concentration, and CBT was associated with reductions in anxiety., CONCLUSION: Psychological interventions, namely, CBT, MI, and CCT are effective in improving certain T2DM-related outcomes in China. Considerable levels of heterogeneity and unclear risk of bias associated with most included RCTs suggest caution when interpreting results. In China, where the burden of T2DM is increasing significantly, psychological interventions may provide promising approaches to assist in the management of T2DM to delay the progression of T2DM related outcomes.
Elucidating the Potential Inhibitor against Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Associated Gene of GLUT4.; Diabetes is a chronic hyperglycemic disorder that leads to a group of metabolic diseases. This condition of chronic hyperglycemia is caused by abnormal insulin levels. The impact of hyperglycemia on the human vascular tree is the leading cause of disease and death in type 1 and type 2 diabetes. People with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) have abnormal secretion as well as the action of insulin. Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes is caused by a combination of genetic factors associated with decreased insulin production, insulin resistance, and environmental conditions. These conditions include overeating, lack of exercise, obesity, and aging. Glucose transport limits the rate of dietary glucose used by fat and muscle. The glucose transporter GLUT4 is kept intracellular and sorted dynamically, and GLUT4 translocation or insulin-regulated vesicular traffic distributes it to the plasma membrane. Different chemical compounds have antidiabetic properties. The complexity, metabolism, digestion, and interaction of these chemical compounds make it difficult to understand and apply them to reduce chronic inflammation and thus prevent chronic disease. In this study, we have applied a virtual screening approach to screen the most suitable and drug-able chemical compounds to be used as potential drug targets against T2DM. We have found that out of 5000 chemical compounds that we have analyzed, only two are known to be more effective as per our experiments based upon molecular docking studies and virtual screening through Lipinski's rule and ADMET properties.
A decreased level of high-density lipoprotein is a possible risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus: A review.; Introduction: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is characterized primarily by dyslipidemia and hyperglycemia due to insulin resistance. High-density lipoprotein (HDL) play a significant role in preventing the incidence of dyslipidemia and its complications. HDL has different protective functions, such as reducing oxidation, vascular inflammation, and thrombosis; additionally, its anti-diabetic role is one of the most significant recent discoveries about HDL and some of its constituent lipoproteins., Methods: This research reviews ongoing studies and preliminary investigations into the assessment of relation between decreased level of HDL and T2DM., Results: The levels of HDL and its functions contribute to glucose hemostasis and the development of T2DM through four possible mechanisms, including insulin secretion by beta cells, peripheral insulin sensitivity, non-insulin-dependent glucose uptake, and adipose tissue metabolic activity. Additionally, the anti-oxidant properties of HDL protect beta cells from apoptosis caused by oxidative stress and inflammation induced by low-density lipoprotein, which facilitate insulin secretion., Conclusion: Therefore, HDL and its compositions, especially Apo A-I, play an important role in regulating glucose metabolism, and decreased levels of HDL can be considered a risk factor for DM. Different factors, such as hypoalphalipoproteinemia that manifests as a consequence of genetic factors, such as Apo A-I deficiency, as well as secondary causes arising from lifestyle choices and underlying medical conditions that decrease the level of HDL, could be associated with DM. Moreover, intricate connections between HDL and diabetic complications extend beyond glucose metabolism to encompass complications like cardiovascular disease and kidney disease. Therefore, the exact interactions between HDL level and DM should be evaluated in future studies. Copyright © 2023 The Authors. Health Science Reports published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Relation of endothelial and cardiac autonomic function with left ventricle diastolic function in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a risk factor for left ventricle (LV) diastolic dysfunction. Aim of this study was to investigate whether endothelial and/or autonomic dysfunction are associated with LV diastolic dysfunction in DM patients., METHODS: We studied 84 non-insulin-dependent type 2 DM (T2DM) patients with no heart disease by assessing: 1) LV diastolic function by echocardiography; 2) peripheral vasodilator function, by measuring flow-mediated dilation (FMD) and nitrate-mediate dilation (NMD); 3) heart rate variability (HRV) on 24-h Holter electrocardiographic monitoring., RESULTS: Twenty-five patients (29.8%) had normal LV diastolic function, while 47 (55.9%) and 12 (14.3%) showed a mild and moderate/severe diastolic dysfunction, respectively. FMD in these 3 groups was 5.25 +/- 2.0, 4.95 +/- 1.6 and 4.43 +/- 1.8% (p = 0.42), whereas NMD was 10.8 +/- 2.3, 8.98 +/- 3.0 and 8.82 +/- 3.2%, respectively (p = 0.02). HRV variables did not differ among groups. However, the triangular index tended to be lower in patients with moderate/severe diastolic dysfunction (p = 0.09) and a significant correlation was found between the E/e' ratio and both the triangular index (r = -0.26; p = 0.022) and LF amplitude (r = -0.29; p = 0.011)., CONCLUSIONS: In T2DM patients an impairment of endothelium-independent, but not endothelium-dependent, dilatation seems associated with LV diastolic dysfunction. The possible role of cardiac autonomic dysfunction in diastolic dysfunction deserves investigation in larger populations of patients. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Diabetes/Metabolism Research and Reviews published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Clinical features and surgical outcomes of complications of proliferative diabetic retinopathy in young adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus versus type 2 diabetes mellitus - A comparative observational study.; PURPOSE: To evaluate the clinical profile, visual outcomes, and complications among young adult patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (insulin-dependent DM-T1DM) in comparison with patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) undergoing vitrectomy for complications of proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR). ., METHODS: A retrospective review of patients between 18 and 45 years with T1DM undergoing vitrectomy for complications of PDR between June 2017 and June 2019, with a minimum follow-up of 12 months. Consecutive patients between 30 and 45 years with type 2 diabetes (non-insulin-dependent DM-T2DM) who underwent vitrectomy for the same indications were retrospectively enrolled as the control group., RESULTS: There were 42 eyes (28 patients) in the T1DM group and 58 eyes (47 patients) in the T2DM group. The average age at operation was 35.9 +/- 6.88 years and 39.8 +/- 3.03 years, respectively (P < 0.001). At the end of follow-up, the mean logarithm of the minimum angle of resolution (logMAR) best-corrected visual acuity (BCVA) improved from 1.53 +/- 0.55 to 1.30 +/- 0.93 (P value 0.07) in the T1DM group and from 1.59 +/- 0.46 to 1.00 +/- 0.78 in the T2DM group (P = 0.0001). The rate of the primary and final reattachment was 76.2% and 88.1% in the T1DM group and 84.5% and 96.6% in the T2DM group. Preoperative macular tractional retinal detachment (MTRD) and neovascular glaucoma (NVG) in both the groups, chronic kidney disease (CKD) and lack of preoperative Pan retinal photocoagulation (PRP) in the T1DM group, hypertension (HTN) and, resurgery in the T2DM group, were risk factors for poor vision at the final follow-up., CONCLUSION: The visual and anatomic outcomes were poorer in the T1DM patients which could be due to the longer duration of diabetes with worse glycemic control, associated comorbidities like CKD, and a higher incidence of MTRD.
Clinical use of sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 inhibitors in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), the tenth leading cause of death in Hong Kong, has a prevalence of approximately 10%. Sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 (SGLT2) inhibitors lower glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) levels in T2DM patients via a non-insulin-dependent mechanism of action, but real-world data is limited, particularly for Chinese patients., METHODS: A retrospective single-centre study was performed among Chinese patients with T2DM who were prescribed SGLT2 inhibitor therapy in Hong Kong. Changes in HbA1c levels, body weight, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), lipid profiles and adverse events were observed for patients who completed at least one follow-up visit during the study period., RESULTS: Overall, 100 patients were included, and 53 patients attended an additional final visit. By the final visit, SGLT2 inhibitor therapy had significantly decreased HbA1c levels (change [DELTA] 0.31%, 95% confidence interval [CI] -0.11% to -0.51%, p < 0.001), body weight (DELTA -4.59 kg, 95% CI -3.75 to -5.54 kg, p < 0.001) and systolic blood pressure (DELTA -5.72 mmHg, 95% CI -1.72 to -9.72 mmHg, p < 0.001) from baseline. No significant change in eGFR or lipid profiles was observed, except for a significant reduction in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (DELTA -0.09 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.16 to -0.02 mmol/L, p < 0.05). Adverse events were consistent with previous reports for SGLT2 inhibitors, apart from appetite loss associated with canagliflozin., CONCLUSION: The real-world efficacy and safety profile of SGLT2 inhibitors in Chinese patients was comparable to that reported in Phase III clinical trials, with the exception of appetite loss among patients who received canagliflozin. Copyright: © Singapore Medical Association.
Hatha yoga practice for type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: a pilot study.; OBJECTIVE: This study was conducted to examine the impact of Hatha yoga on glycemic control, psychological and physiological stress, and self-care for individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)., METHODS: Ten sedentary individuals with T2DM who were non-insulin dependent, free of diabetes-related complications, and had no previous yoga experience completed therapeutic yoga classes for 6 weeks, 3 times per week . Glycemic control measures included fasting blood glucose, glycated hemoglobin, and fasting insulin. The State-Trait Anxiety Inventory, Perceived Stress Scale, and salivary cortisol were used to assess levels of stress, and the Summary of Diabetes Self-care Activities questionnaire was used to assess regimen adherence., RESULTS: No significant changes in glucose control or physiological stress were found; however, significant changes in perceived stress, state anxiety, and self-care behaviors were detected., CONCLUSIONS: Preliminary findings support further investigation of the benefits of Hatha yoga as a complementary therapy for those with T2DM.
Beta-cell autoantibodies in children with type 2 diabetes mellitus: subgroup or misclassification?.; BACKGROUND: In adults, a fraction of diabetic individuals with beta-cell autoantibodies has initially non-insulin requiring diabetes clinically appearing as type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), named latent autoimmune diabetes in adulthood (LADA). The occurrence of beta-cell autoantibodies in European children and adolescents with T2DM has not been reported so far., METHODS: The frequency of beta-cell autoantibodies (anti-GAD, anti-IA-2, and anti-ICA) was determined in 7050 diabetic children and adolescents. The type of diabetes was classified by paediatric diabetic specialists based on the clinical presentation. Children with non-insulin dependent T2DM over a one year period were studied separately., RESULTS: A total of 6922 children were clinically classified as having type 1 diabetes (T1DM) and 128 children as having T2DM. Thirty six per cent of the children with T2DM had at least one detectable beta-cell autoantibody. These children did not differ significantly from the children with T2DM and without autoantibodies in respect of age, gender, weight status, lipids, blood pressure, C-peptide, glucose, and HbA1c at manifestation, as well as frequency of anti-thyroidal antibodies and insulin treatment during follow up. In the subgroup of the 38 children with T2DM without insulin requirement over a one year period, autoantibodies occurred in 32%. These 12 children were predominantly obese (67%), female (67%), and in the pubertal age range., CONCLUSION: beta-cell autoantibodies were detectable in a subgroup of initially non-insulin dependent diabetic children and adolescents with the clinical appearance of T2DM. Following the terminology "latent autoimmune diabetes in adulthood (LADA)", this subgroup might be classified as "LADY" (latent autoimmune diabetes in youth).
Reasons for participation and non-participation in a diabetes prevention trial among women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes. Lifestyle intervention can prevent progression to type 2 diabetes in high risk populations. We designed a randomised controlled trial (RCT) to evaluate the effectiveness of an established lifestyle intervention compared to standard care for delaying diabetes onset in European women with recent GDM. Recruitment into the RCT was more challenging than anticipated with only 89 of 410 (22%) women agreeing to participate. This paper identifies factors that could enhance participation of the target population in future interventions., METHODS: We hypothesised that women who agreed to participate would have higher diabetes risk profiles than those who declined, and secondly that it would be possible to predict participation on the bases of those risk factors. To test our hypothesis, we identified the subset of women for whom we had comprehensive data on diabetes risks factors 3-5 years following GDM, reducing the sample to 43 participants and 73 decliners. We considered established diabetes risk factors: smoking, daily fruit and vegetable intake, participation in exercise, family history of diabetes, glucose values and BMI scores on post-partum re-screens, use of insulin during pregnancy, and age at delivery. We also analysed narrative data from 156 decliners to further understand barriers to and facilitators of participation., RESULTS: Two factors differentiated participants and decliners: age at delivery (with women older than 34 years being more likely to participate) and insulin use during pregnancy (with women requiring the use of insulin in pregnancy less likely to participate). Binary logistic regression confirmed that insulin use negatively affected the odds of participation. The most significant barriers to participation included the accessibility, affordability and practicality of the intervention., CONCLUSIONS: Women with recent GDM face multiple barriers to lifestyle change. Intervention designers should consider: (i) the practicalities of participation for this population, (ii) research designs that capitalise on motivational differences between participants, (iii) alleviating concerns about long-term diabetes management. We hope this work will support future researchers in developing interventions that are more relevant, effective and successful in recruiting the desired population., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN41202110.
Multi-ancestry genome-wide association study of gestational diabetes mellitus highlights genetic links with type 2 diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk of pregnancy complications and adverse perinatal outcomes. GDM often reoccurs and is associated with increased risk of subsequent diagnosis of type 2 diabetes (T2D). To improve our understanding of the aetiological factors and molecular processes driving the occurrence of GDM, including the extent to which these overlap with T2D pathophysiology, the GENetics of Diabetes In Pregnancy Consortium assembled genome-wide association studies of diverse ancestry in a total of 5485 women with GDM and 347 856 without GDM. Through multi-ancestry meta-analysis, we identified five loci with genome-wide significant association (P < 5 x 10-8) with GDM, mapping to/near MTNR1B (P = 4.3 x 10-54), TCF7L2 (P = 4.0 x 10-16), CDKAL1 (P = 1.6 x 10-14), CDKN2A-CDKN2B (P = 4.1 x 10-9) and HKDC1 (P = 2.9 x 10-8). Multiple lines of evidence pointed to the shared pathophysiology of GDM and T2D: (i) four of the five GDM loci (not HKDC1) have been previously reported at genome-wide significance for T2D; (ii) significant enrichment for associations with GDM at previously reported T2D loci; (iii) strong genetic correlation between GDM and T2D and (iv) enrichment of GDM associations mapping to genomic annotations in diabetes-relevant tissues and transcription factor binding sites. Mendelian randomization analyses demonstrated significant causal association (5% false discovery rate) of higher body mass index on increased GDM risk. Our results provide support for the hypothesis that GDM and T2D are part of the same underlying pathology but that, as exemplified by the HKDC1 locus, there are genetic determinants of GDM that are specific to glucose regulation in pregnancy. Copyright © The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press.
Type 2 diabetes metabolomics score and risk of progression to type 2 diabetes among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Several metabolites are individually related to incident type 2 diabetes (T2D) risk. We prospectively evaluated a novel T2D-metabolite pattern with a risk of progression to T2D among high-risk women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)., METHODS: The longitudinal Nurses' Health Study II cohort enroled 116,429 women in 1989 and collected blood samples from 1996 to 1999. We profiled plasma metabolites in 175 incident T2D cases and 175 age-matched controls, all with a history of GDM before the blood draw. We derived a metabolomics score from 21 metabolites previously associated with incident T2D in the published literature by scoring according to the participants' quintile (1-5 points) of each metabolite. We modelled the T2D metabolomics score categorically in quartiles and continuously per 1 standard deviation (SD) with the risk of incident T2D using conditional logistic regression models adjusting for body mass index at the blood draw, and other established T2D risk factors., RESULTS: The percentage of women progressing to T2D ranged from 10% in the bottom T2D metabolomics score quartile to 78% in the highest score quartile. Adjusting for established T2D risk factors, women in the highest quartile had more than a 20-fold greater diabetes risk than women in the lowest quartile (odds ratios [OR] = 23.1 [95% CI = 8.6, 62.1]; p for trend<0.001). The continuous T2D metabolomics score was strongly and positively associated with incident T2D (adjusted OR = 2.7 per SD [95% CI = 1.9, 3.7], p < 0.0001)., CONCLUSIONS: A pattern of plasma metabolites among high-risk women is associated with a markedly elevated risk of progression to T2D later in life. Copyright © 2024 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Lactation Duration and Long-term Risk for Incident Type 2 Diabetes in Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: We examined the association of lactation duration with incident type 2 diabetes among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We monitored 4,372 women with a history of GDM participating in the Nurses' Health Study II for incident type 2 diabetes over 25 years up to 2017. Lactation history was obtained through follow-up questionnaires to calculate lactation duration. Follow-up blood samples were collected from a subset of these women at median age of 58 years through the Diabetes & Women's Health Study., RESULTS: We documented 873 incident cases of type 2 diabetes during 87,411 person-years of follow-up. Longer duration of lactation was associated with lower risk of type 2 diabetes for both total lactation (hazard ratio 1.05 [95% CI 0.83-1.34] for up to 6 months, 0.91 [0.72-1.16] for 6-12 months, 0.85 [0.67-1.06] for 12-24 months, and 0.73 [0.57-0.93] for >24 months, compared with 0 months; P-trend = 0.003) and exclusive breastfeeding (P-trend = 0.002) after adjustment for age, ethnicity, family history of diabetes, parity, age at first birth, smoking, diet quality, physical activity, and prepregnancy BMI. Longer duration of lactation was also associated with lower HbA1c, fasting plasma insulin, and C-peptide concentrations among women without type 2 diabetes at follow-up (all adjusted P-trend <=0.04)., CONCLUSIONS: Longer duration of lactation is associated with a lower risk of type 2 diabetes and a favorable glucose metabolic biomarker profile among women with a history of GDM. The underlying mechanisms and impact on diabetes complications, morbidity, and mortality remain to be determined. Copyright © 2020 by the American Diabetes Association.
Postpartum IGF-I and IGFBP-2 levels are prospectively associated with the development of type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: Women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at greater risk of developing type 2 diabetes. In the general population, the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) system has been implicated in the development of type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study was to determine if circulating IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-2 levels 12weeks following a GDM pregnancy are associated with an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes., METHODS: IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-2 levels were measured in 98 normal glucose tolerant women, 12weeks following an index GDM pregnancy using enzyme immunoassay. Women were assessed for up to 10years for the development of overt type 2 diabetes., RESULTS: Among the 98 women with previous GDM, 21 (21%) developed diabetes during the median follow-up period of 8.5years. After adjusting for age and BMI, IGF-I and IGFBP-2 were significantly associated with the development of type 2 diabetes. In a clinical model of prediction of type 2 diabetes that included age, BMI, pregnancy fasting glucose and postnatal fasting glucose, the addition of IGF-I and IGFBP-2 resulted in an improvement in the net reclassification index of 17.8%., CONCLUSIONS: High postpartum IGF-I and low postpartum IGFBP-2 levels are a significant risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes in women with a previous history of GDM. This is the first report that identifies IGF-I and IGFBP-2 as a potential biomarker for the prediction of type 2 diabetes in women with a history of GDM. Copyright A© 2016 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Identifying common and specific microRNAs expressed in peripheral blood mononuclear cell of type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes mellitus patients.; BACKGROUND: Regardless the regulatory function of microRNAs (miRNA), their differential expression pattern has been used to define miRNA signatures and to disclose disease biomarkers. To address the question of whether patients presenting the different types of diabetes mellitus could be distinguished on the basis of their miRNA and mRNA expression profiling, we obtained peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) RNAs from 7 type 1 (T1D), 7 type 2 (T2D), and 6 gestational diabetes (GDM) patients, which were hybridized to Agilent miRNA and mRNA microarrays. Data quantification and quality control were obtained using the Feature Extraction software, and data distribution was normalized using quantile function implemented in the Aroma light package. Differentially expressed miRNAs/mRNAs were identified using Rank products, comparing T1DxGDM, T2DxGDM and T1DxT2D. Hierarchical clustering was performed using the average linkage criterion with Pearson uncentered distance as metrics., RESULTS: The use of the same microarrays platform permitted the identification of sets of shared or specific miRNAs/mRNA interaction for each type of diabetes. Nine miRNAs (hsa-miR-126, hsa-miR-1307, hsa-miR-142-3p, hsa-miR-142-5p, hsa-miR-144, hsa-miR-199a-5p, hsa-miR-27a, hsa-miR-29b, and hsa-miR-342-3p) were shared among T1D, T2D and GDM, and additional specific miRNAs were identified for T1D (20 miRNAs), T2D (14) and GDM (19) patients. ROC curves allowed the identification of specific and relevant (greater AUC values) miRNAs for each type of diabetes, including: i) hsa-miR-1274a, hsa-miR-1274b and hsa-let-7f for T1D; ii) hsa-miR-222, hsa-miR-30e and hsa-miR-140-3p for T2D, and iii) hsa-miR-181a and hsa-miR-1268 for GDM. Many of these miRNAs targeted mRNAs associated with diabetes pathogenesis., CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that PBMC can be used as reporter cells to characterize the miRNA expression profiling disclosed by the different diabetes mellitus manifestations. Shared miRNAs may characterize diabetes as a metabolic and inflammatory disorder, whereas specific miRNAs may represent biological markers for each type of diabetes, deserving further attention.
Effect of prior gestational diabetes on the risk of cardiovascular disease and death in women with type 2 diabetes: The Fremantle Diabetes Study Phase II.; BACKGROUND: To examine whether prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with prevalent coronary heart disease (CHD), cerebrovascular disease (CeVD) and peripheral arterial disease (PAD), and all-cause mortality, in community-based women with type 2 diabetes., METHODS: Baseline prevalences of CHD/CeVD/PAD/prior GDM were determined in 718 females (mean +/- SD age 65.5 +/- 11.9 years) from the Fremantle Diabetes Study Phase II. Deaths between baseline (2008-2011) and end-2016 were ascertained. Cox regression identified predictors of mortality with GDM as a candidate variable., RESULTS: Compared to the 673 women without GDM, the 39 (5.4 %) with prior GDM were younger, more likely Aboriginal, smokers and obese, had longer diabetes duration and higher HbA1c levels, and were more dyslipidemic (P <= 0.046). Prevalences of CHD (24.6 versus 23.1 %), CeVD (7.5 % versus 2.6 %) and PAD (27.5 % versus 23.7 %) were not significantly different in those without versus with prior GDM (P >= 0.35). There were 116 deaths (16.2 %) during 6.8 +/- 1.6 years of follow-up. Age, Aboriginal ethnicity, marital status, current smoking, heart rate, estimated glomerular filtration rate, CHD and PAD were independently associated with all-cause mortality (P <= 0.023); GDM status did not add to the most parsimonious model (P = 0.62)., CONCLUSIONS: Prior GDM does not increase CVD risk or all-cause mortality in women with type 2 diabetes. Copyright © 2024 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A lifestyle intervention programme for the prevention of Type 2 diabetes mellitus among South Asian women with gestational diabetes mellitus [LIVING study]: protocol for a randomized trial.; AIM: This study aims to determine whether a resource- and culturally appropriate lifestyle intervention programme in South Asian countries, provided to women with gestational diabetes (GDM) after childbirth, will reduce the incidence of worsening of glycaemic status in a manner that is affordable, acceptable and scalable., METHODS: Women with GDM (diagnosed by oral glucose tolerance test using the International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria) will be recruited from 16 hospitals in India, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh. Participants will undergo a repeat oral glucose tolerance test at 6 +/- 3 months postpartum and those without Type 2 diabetes, a total sample size of 1414, will be randomly allocated to the intervention or usual care. The intervention will consist of four group sessions, 84 SMS or voice messages and review phone calls over the first year. Participants requiring intensification of the intervention will receive two additional individual sessions over the latter half of the first year. Median follow-up will be 2 years. The primary outcome is the proportion of women with a change in glycaemic category, using the American Diabetes Association criteria: (i) normal glucose tolerance to impaired fasting glucose, or impaired glucose tolerance, or Type 2 diabetes; or (ii) impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance to Type 2 diabetes. Process evaluation will explore barriers and facilitators of implementation of the intervention in each local context, while trial-based and modelled economic evaluations will assess cost-effectiveness., DISCUSSION: The study will generate important new evidence about a potential strategy to address the long-term sequelae of GDM, a major and growing problem among women in South Asia. (Clinical Trials Registry of India No: CTRI/2017/06/008744; Sri Lanka Clinical Trials Registry No: SLCTR/2017/001; and ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier No: NCT03305939). Copyright © 2018 Diabetes UK.
Integrative analysis of the transcriptome profiles observed in type 1, type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus reveals the role of inflammation.; BACKGROUND: Type 1 diabetes (T1D) is an autoimmune disease, while type 2 (T2D) and gestational diabetes (GDM) are considered metabolic disturbances. In a previous study evaluating the transcript profiling of peripheral mononuclear blood cells obtained from T1D, T2D and GDM patients we showed that the gene profile of T1D patients was closer to GDM than to T2D. To understand the influence of demographical, clinical, laboratory, pathogenetic and treatment features on the diabetes transcript profiling, we performed an analysis integrating these features with the gene expression profiles of the annotated genes included in databases containing information regarding GWAS and immune cell expression signatures., METHODS: Samples from 56 (19 T1D, 20 T2D, and 17 GDM) patients were hybridized to whole genome one-color Agilent 4x44k microarrays. Non-informative genes were filtered by partitioning, and differentially expressed genes were obtained by rank product analysis. Functional analyses were carried out using the DAVID database, and module maps were constructed using the Genomica tool., RESULTS: The functional analyses were able to discriminate between T1D and GDM patients based on genes involved in inflammation. Module maps of differentially expressed genes revealed that modulated genes: i) exhibited transcription profiles typical of macrophage and dendritic cells; ii) had been previously associated with diabetic complications by association and by meta-analysis studies, and iii) were influenced by disease duration, obesity, number of gestations, glucose serum levels and the use of medications, such as metformin., CONCLUSION: This is the first module map study to show the influence of epidemiological, clinical, laboratory, immunopathogenic and treatment features on the transcription profiles of T1D, T2D and GDM patients.
Efficacy and safety of metformin during pregnancy in women with gestational diabetes mellitus or polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Metformin is an effective oral anti-hyperglycemic agent that is widely used to manage diabetes mellitus type 2 in the general population and more recently, in pregnancy. However, as metformin crosses the placenta, its use during pregnancy raises concerns regarding potential adverse effects on the mother and fetus., OBJECTIVE: (i) To provide background for the use of metformin during pregnancy through a narrative review and (ii) to critically appraise the published evidence on the efficacy and safety of using metformin during pregnancy through a systematic review., RESULTS: Metformin appears to be effective and safe for the treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), particularly for overweight or obese women. However, patients with multiple risk factors for insulin resistance may not meet their treatment goals with metformin alone and may require supplementary insulin. Evidence suggests that there are potential advantages for the use of metformin over insulin in GDM with respect to maternal weight gain and neonatal outcomes. Furthermore, patients are more accepting of metformin than insulin. The use of metformin throughout pregnancy in women with polycystic ovary syndrome reduces the rates of early pregnancy loss and preterm labor and protects against fetal growth restriction. There have been no demonstrable teratogenic effects, intra-uterine deaths or developmental delays with the use of metformin., CONCLUSIONS: The publications reviewed in this paper support the efficacy and safety of metformin during pregnancy with respect to immediate pregnancy outcomes. Because there are no guidelines for the continuous use of metformin in pregnancy, the duration of treatment is based on clinical judgment and experience on a case-by-case basis. Copyright © 2013.
Impact of smoking on gestational diabetes mellitus and offspring birthweight in primiparous women.; INTRODUCTION: Smoking has been shown to affect glucose homeostasis and increase the risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus. Further, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and smoking are known to influence offspring birthweight. The effect of smoking on glucose homeostasis in pregnancy is less studied and the findings are inconsistent. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of smoking on risk for GDM and to evaluate the impact of smoking and GDM on offspring birthweight., MATERIAL AND METHODS: This is an observational cohort study encompassing 4111 Finnish primiparous women from the city of Vantaa, Finland, who delivered a singleton child between 2009 and 2015. Data were obtained from Finnish national registers. Study participants had complete oral glucose tolerance test results and were divided into three groups according to smoking status: non-smokers (I), smokers who quit during first trimester (II), and smokers who continued after first trimester (III)., RESULTS: Prevalence of GDM was 19.8%, 24.3%, and 26.6% in non-smokers, those who quit, and those who continued after the first trimester, respectively (P = .004 for differences between groups). The odds ratio for GDM in smokers who continued after the first trimester compared with non-smokers was 1.65 (95% CI 1.09-2.57) after adjustments for age, prepregnancy body mass index, education, and cohabitation. In women without GDM, offspring birthweight was lowest in those who continued smoking after the first trimester (P = .010 for differences between groups). In women with GDM, smoking status did not influence offspring birthweight., CONCLUSIONS: Smoking during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk for GDM. Offspring birthweight is lowest in women who continue smoking after the first trimester. If pregnancy is complicated by GDM, offspring birthweight is not influenced by smoking. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. Acta Obstetricia et Gynecologica Scandinavica published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Nordic Federation of Societies of Obstetrics and Gynecology (NFOG).
Genetic variants of gestational diabetes mellitus: a study of 112 SNPs among 8722 women in two independent populations.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy that has substantial short- and long-term adverse health implications for women and their children. However, large-scale studies on genetic risk loci for GDM remain sparse., METHODS: We conducted a case-control study among 2636 women with GDM and 6086 non-GDM control women from the Nurses' Health Study II and the Danish National Birth Cohort. A total of 112 susceptibility genetic variants confirmed by genome-wide association studies for type 2 diabetes were selected and measured. A weighted genetic risk score (GRS) was created based on variants that were significantly associated with risk of GDM after correcting for the false discovery rate., RESULTS: For the first time, we identified eight variants associated with GDM, namely rs7957197 (HNF1A), rs10814916 (GLIS3), rs3802177 (SLC30A8), rs9379084 (RREB1), rs34872471 (TCF7L2), rs7903146 (TCF7L2), rs11787792 (GPSM1) and rs7041847 (GLIS3). In addition, we confirmed three variants, rs10830963 (MTNR1B), rs1387153 (MTNR1B) and rs4506565 (TCF7L2), that had previously been significantly associated with GDM risk. Furthermore, compared with participants in the first (lowest) quartile of weighted GRS based on these 11 SNPs, the ORs for GDM were 1.07 (95% CI 0.93, 1.22), 1.23 (95% CI 1.07, 1.41) and 1.53 (95% CI 1.34, 1.74) for participants in the second, third and fourth (highest) quartiles, respectively. The significant positive associations between the weighted GRS and risk of GDM persisted across most of the strata of major risk factors for GDM, including family history of type 2 diabetes, smoking status, BMI and age., CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: In this large-scale case-control study with women from two independent populations, eight novel GDM SNPs were identified. These findings offer the potential to improve our understanding of the aetiology of GDM, and particularly of biological mechanisms related to beta cell function.
Maternal prepregnancy obesity and insulin treatment during pregnancy are independently associated with delayed lactogenesis in women with recent gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The timely onset of stage II lactogenesis (OL) is important for successful breastfeeding and newborn health. Several risk factors for delayed OL are common in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which may affect their chances for successful breastfeeding outcomes., OBJECTIVE: We investigated the prevalence and risk factors associated with delayed OL in a racially and ethnically diverse cohort of postpartum women with recent GDM., DESIGN: We analyzed data collected in the Study of Women, Infant Feeding and Type 2 Diabetes After GDM Pregnancy (SWIFT), which is a prospective cohort of women diagnosed with GDM who delivered at Kaiser Permanente Northern California hospitals from 2008 to 2011. At 6-9 wk postpartum, delayed OL was assessed by maternal report of breast fullness and defined as occurring after 72 h postpartum. We obtained data on prenatal course and postdelivery infant feeding practices from electronic medical records and in-person surveys. We used multivariable logistic regression models to estimate associations of delayed OL with prenatal, delivery, and postnatal characteristics., RESULTS: The analysis included 883 SWIFT participants who initiated breastfeeding and did not have diabetes at 6-9 wk postpartum. Delayed OL was reported by 33% of women and was associated with prepregnancy obesity (OR: 1.56; 95% CI: 1.07, 2.29), older maternal age (OR: 1.05; 95% CI: 1.01, 1.08), insulin GDM treatment (OR: 3.11; 95% CI: 1.37, 7.05), and suboptimal in-hospital breastfeeding (OR: 1.65; 95% CI: 1.20, 2.26). A higher gestational age was associated with decreased odds of delayed OL but only in multiparous mothers (OR: 0.79; 95% CI: 0.67, 0.94)., CONCLUSIONS: One-third of women with recent GDM experienced delayed OL. Maternal obesity, insulin treatment, and suboptimal in-hospital breastfeeding were key risk factors for delayed OL. Early breastfeeding support for GDM women with these risk factors may be needed to ensure successful lactation. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01967030.
Relationship between the adoption of preventive practices and the metabolic profile of women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.; Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are encouraged to adopt healthy lifestyle behaviours to prevent or delay type 2 diabetes. The objective was to examine the association between the adoption of preventive practices and the metabolic profile of women with prior GDM. Analyses included 181 women who had GDM between 2003 and 2010. The preventive practices examined included (i) regular physical activity (>=150 min.week(-1)) assessed with the International Physical Activity Questionnaire; (ii) a healthy diet (score derived from the Alternate Healthy Eating Index and associated with a lower metabolic risk) evaluated from a food frequency questionnaire; and (iii) exclusive breastfeeding (>=6 months). Women were classified according to the number of preventive practices adopted. Waist circumference, weight, and height were measured and body mass index (BMI) was calculated. Fasting insulinemia and glycemia were obtained and Matsuda index for insulin sensitivity was calculated. Nearly one-third of women adopted none of the listed preventive practices. For each increase of 1 preventive practice adopted, women were 30% less likely to have a BMI >= 25 kg.m(-2) (odds ratio (OR): 0.70, 95% confidence interval (CI) (0.50-0.98)), they were 34% less likely to have a waist circumference >= 88 cm (OR: 0.66, 95%CI (0.47-0.92)) and they were 33% less likely to have a Matsuda index for insulin sensitivity < 9.69 (OR: 0.67, 95%CI (0.48-0.94)). These results suggest that women with prior GDM who adopt the recommended preventive practices in the years following delivery are less likely to have lower insulin sensitivity, less likely to be overweight-obese, and less likely to be characterized by abdominal obesity.
Prepregnancy adherence to dietary patterns and lower risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies observed inverse associations of adherence to the alternate Mediterranean (aMED), Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), and alternate Healthy Eating Index (aHEI) dietary patterns with risk of type 2 diabetes; however, their associations with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk are unknown., OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess usual prepregnancy adherence to well-known dietary patterns and GDM risk., DESIGN: Our study included 21,376 singleton live births reported from 15,254 participants of the Nurses' Health Study II cohort between 1991 and 2001. Pregnancies were free of prepregnancy chronic disease or previous GDM. Prepregnancy dietary pattern adherence scores were computed based on participants' usual intake of the patterns' components, assessed with a validated food-frequency questionnaire. Multivariable logistic regressions with generalized estimating equations were used to estimate the RRs and 95% CIs., RESULTS: Incident first-time GDM was reported in 872 pregnancies. All 3 scores were inversely associated with GDM risk after adjustment for several covariables. In a comparison of the multivariable risk of GDM in participants in the fourth and first quartiles of dietary pattern adherence scores, aMED was associated with a 24% lower risk (RR: 0.76; 95% CI: 0.60, 0.95; P-trend = 0.004), DASH with a 34% lower risk (RR: 0.66; 95% CI: 0.53, 0.82; P-trend = 0.0005), and aHEI with a 46% lower risk (RR: 0.54; 95% CI: 0.43, 0.68; P-trend < 0.0001)., CONCLUSION: Prepregnancy adherence to healthful dietary patterns is significantly associated with a lower risk of GDM.
Increased risk of hypertension after gestational diabetes mellitus: findings from a large prospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: Whether a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of hypertension after the index pregnancy is not well established., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We investigated the association between GDM and subsequent risk of hypertension after the index pregnancy among 25,305 women who reported at least one singleton pregnancy between 1991 and 2007 in the Nurses' Health Study II., RESULTS: During 16 years of follow-up, GDM developed in 1,414 women (5.6%) and hypertension developed in 3,138. A multivariable Cox proportional hazards model showed women with a history of GDM had a 26% increased risk of developing hypertension compared with those without a history of GDM (hazard ratio 1.26 [95% CI 1.11-1.43]; P=0.0004). These results were independent of pregnancy hypertension or subsequent type 2 diabetes., CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that women with GDM are at a significant increased risk of developing hypertension after the index pregnancy.
Prospective study of pre-gravid sugar-sweetened beverage consumption and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) was related to an elevated risk of type 2 diabetes and insulin resistance in several recent studies among middle- or older-aged populations. Studies on SSB consumption and glucose intolerance among pregnant women, however, are lacking. We therefore examined the association between regular SSB consumption before pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was a prospective study among 13,475 U.S. women who reported at least one singleton pregnancy between 1992 and 2001 in the Nurses' Health Study II. GDM was self-reported and validated by medical record review in a subsample. Cox proportional hazards models with multivariate adjustments were applied to examine the association of SSB consumption with GDM risk., RESULTS: During 10 years of follow-up, 860 incident GDM case subjects were identified. After adjustment for age, parity, race, physical activity, smoking, alcohol intake, prepregnancy BMI, and Western dietary pattern, intake of sugar-sweetened cola was positively associated with the risk of GDM, whereas no significant association was found for other SSBs and diet beverages. Compared with women who consumed <1 serving/month, those who consumed >or=5 servings/week of sugar-sweetened cola had a 22% greater GDM risk (relative risk 1.22 [95% CI 1.01-1.47])., CONCLUSIONS: Findings from this study suggest that prepregnancy higher consumption of sugar-sweetened cola (>or=5 servings/week) is associated with an elevated GDM risk, whereas no significant association with GDM risk was observed for other SSBs and diet beverages.
A prospective study of dietary patterns, meat intake and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of this study was to prospectively examine whether dietary patterns are related to risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)., METHODS: This prospective cohort study included 13,110 women who were free of cardiovascular disease, cancer, type 2 diabetes and history of GDM. Subjects completed a validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire in 1991, and reported at least one singleton pregnancy between 1992 and 1998 in the Nurses' Health Study II. Two major dietary patterns (i.e. 'prudent' and 'Western') were identified through factor analysis. The prudent pattern was characterised by a high intake of fruit, green leafy vegetables, poultry and fish, whereas the Western pattern was characterised by high intake of red meat, processed meat, refined grain products, sweets, French fries and pizza., RESULTS: We documented 758 incident cases of GDM. After adjustment for age, parity, pre-pregnancy BMI and other covariates, the relative risk (RR) of GDM, comparing the highest with the lowest quintile of the Western pattern scores, was 1.63 (95% CI 1.20-2.21; p (trend)=0.001), whereas the RR comparing the lowest with the highest quintile of the prudent pattern scores was 1.39 (95% CI 1.08-1.80; p (trend)=0.018). The RR for each increment of one serving/day was 1.61 (95% CI 1.25-2.07) for red meat and 1.64 (95% CI 1.13-2.38) for processed meat., CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: These findings suggest that pre-pregnancy dietary patterns may affect women's risk of developing GDM. A diet high in red and processed meat was associated with a significantly elevated risk.
Lifetime Duration of Breastfeeding and Cardiovascular Risk in Women With Type 2 Diabetes or a History of Gestational Diabetes: Findings From Two Large Prospective Cohorts.; OBJECTIVE: Breastfeeding duration is inversely associated with risks of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes in parous women. However, the association among women at high risk, including women with type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is unclear., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We included 15,146 parous women with type 2 diabetes from the Nurses' Health Study I and II (NHS, NHS II) and 4,537 women with a history of GDM from NHS II. Participants reported history of breastfeeding via follow-up questionnaires. Incident CVD by 2017 comprised stroke or coronary heart disease (CHD) (myocardial infarction, coronary revascularization). Adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) and 95% CIs were estimated using Cox models., RESULTS: We documented 1,159 incident CVD cases among women with type 2 diabetes in both cohorts during 188,874 person-years of follow-up and 132 incident CVD cases among women with a GDM history during 100,218 person-years of follow-up. Longer lifetime duration of breastfeeding was significantly associated with lower CVD risk among women with type 2 diabetes, with pooled aHR of 0.68 (95% CI 0.54-0.85) for >18 months versus 0 months and 0.94 (0.91-0.98) per 6-month increment in breastfeeding. Similar associations were observed with CHD (pooled aHR 0.93 [0.88-0.97]) but not with stroke (0.96 [0.91-1.02]) per 6-month increment in breastfeeding. Among women with GDM history, >18 months versus 0 months of breastfeeding was associated with an aHR of 0.49 (0.28-0.86) for total CVD., CONCLUSIONS: Longer duration of breastfeeding was associated with lower risk of CVD in women with type 2 diabetes or GDM. Copyright © 2024 by the American Diabetes Association.
Habitual coffee consumption and subsequent risk of type 2 diabetes in individuals with a history of gestational diabetes - a prospective study.; BACKGROUND: Females with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) later in life., OBJECTIVE: This study prospectively examined whether greater habitual coffee consumption was related to a lower risk of T2D among females with a history of GDM., METHODS: We followed 4522 participants with a history of GDM in the NHS II for incident T2D between 1991 and 2017. Demographic, lifestyle factors including diet, and disease outcomes were updated every 2-4 y. Participants reported consumption of caffeinated and decaffeinated coffee on validated FFQs. Fasting blood samples were collected in 2012-2014 from a subset of participants free of diabetes to measure glucose metabolism biomarkers (HbA1c, insulin, C-peptide; n = 518). We used multivariable Cox regression models to calculate adjusted HRs and 95% CIs for the risk of T2D. We estimated the least squares mean of glucose metabolic biomarkers according to coffee consumption., RESULTS: A total of 979 participants developed T2D. Caffeinated coffee consumption was inversely associated with the risk of T2D. Adjusted HR (95% CI) for <=1 (nonzero), 2-3, and 4+ cups/d compared with 0 cup/d (reference) was 0.91 (0.78, 1.06), 0.83 (0.69, 1.01), and 0.46 (0.28, 0.76), respectively (P-trend = 0.004). Replacement of 1 serving/d of sugar-sweetened beverage and artificially sweetened beverage with 1 cup/d of caffeinated coffee was associated with a 17% (risk ratio [RR] = 0.83, 95% CI: 0.75, 0.93) and 9% (RR = 0.91, 95% CI: 0.84, 0.99) lower risk of T2D, respectively. Greater caffeinated coffee consumption was associated with lower fasting insulin and C-peptide concentrations (all P-trend <0.05). Decaffeinated coffee intake was not significantly related to T2D but was inversely associated with C-peptide concentrations (P-trend = 0.003)., CONCLUSIONS: Among predominantly Caucasian females with a history of GDM, greater consumption of caffeinated coffee was associated with a lower risk of T2D and a more favorable metabolic profile. Copyright © The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Genetic factors and risk of type 2 diabetes among women with a history of gestational diabetes: findings from two independent populations.; OBJECTIVE: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an exceptionally high risk for type 2 diabetes (T2D). Yet, little is known about genetic determinants for T2D in this population. We examined the association of a genetic risk score (GRS) with risk of T2D in two independent populations of women with a history of GDM and how this association might be modified by non-genetic determinants for T2D., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This cohort study included 2434 white women with a history of GDM from the Nurses' Health Study II (NHSII, n=1884) and the Danish National Birth Cohort (DNBC, n=550). A GRS for T2D was calculated using 59 candidate single nucleotide polymorphisms for T2D identified from genome-wide association studies in European populations. An alternate healthy eating index (AHEI) score was derived to reflect dietary quality after the pregnancy affected by GDM., RESULTS: Women on average were followed for 21 years in NHSII and 13 years in DNBC, during which 446 (23.7%) and 155 (28.2%) developed T2D, respectively. The GRS was generally positively associated with T2D risk in both cohorts. In the pooled analysis, the relative risks (RRs) for increasing quartiles of GRS were 1.00, 0.97, 1.25 and 1.19 (p trend=0.02). In both cohorts, the association appeared to be stronger among women with poorer (AHEI =median), although the interaction was not significant. For example, in NHSII, the RRs across increasing quartiles of GRS were 1.00, 0.99, 1.51 and 1.29 (p trend=0.06) among women with poorer dietary quality and 1.00, 0.83, 0.81 and 0.94 (p trend=0.79) among women with better dietary quality (p interaction=0.11)., CONCLUSIONS: Among white women with a history of GDM, higher GRS for T2D was associated with an increased risk of T2D. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2020. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
From screening to postpartum follow-up - the determinants and barriers for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) services, a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) - a transitory form of diabetes first recognised during pregnancy complicates between < 1% and 28% of all pregnancies. GDM has important short and long-term health consequences for both the mother and her offspring. To prevent adverse pregnancy outcomes and to prevent or delay future onset of type 2 diabetes in mother and offspring, timely detection, optimum treatment, and preventive postpartum care and follow-up is necessary. However the area remains grossly under-prioritised., METHODS: To investigate determinants and barriers to GDM care from initial screening and diagnosis to prenatal treatment and postpartum follow-up, a PubMed database search to identify quantitative and qualitative studies on the subject was done in September 2012. Fifty-eight relevant studies were reviewed., RESULTS: Adherence to prevailing GDM screening guidelines and compliance to screening tests seems sub-optimal at best and arbitrary at worst, with no clear or consistent correlation to health care provider, health system or client characteristics. Studies indicate that most women express commitment and motivation for behaviour change to protect the health of their unborn baby, but compliance to recommended treatment and advice is fraught with challenges, and precious little is known about health system or societal factors that hinder compliance and what can be done to improve it. A number of barriers related to health care provider/system and client characteristics have been identified by qualitative studies. Immediately following a GDM pregnancy many women, when properly informed, desire and intend to maintain healthy lifestyles to prevent future diabetes, but find the effort challenging. Adherence to recommended postpartum screening and continued lifestyle modifications seems even lower. Here too, health care provider, health system and client related determinants and barriers were identified. Studies reveal that sense of self-efficacy and social support are key determinants., CONCLUSIONS: The paper identifies and discusses determinants and barriers for GDM care, fully recognising that these are highly dependent on the context.
Increased Risk of Hospitalization for Pancreatic Cancer in the First 8 Years after a Gestational Diabetes Mellitus regardless of Subsequent Type 2 Diabetes: A Nationwide Population-Based Study.; The aim of this large retrospective cohort study was to use a quasi-exhaustive national medico-administrative database of deliveries in France to determine the risk of developing pancreatic cancer (PC) in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This nationwide population-based study included women aged 14-55 who gave birth between 1st January 2008 and 31 December 2009. The women were followed-up epidemiologically for eight years. Survival analyses using Cox regression models, adjusted for age, subsequent type 2 diabetes, and tobacco consumption, were performed on the time to occurrence of hospitalization for PC. The onset of GDM, tobacco consumption and subsequent type 2 diabetes were considered as time-dependent variables. Among 1,352,560 women included, 95,314 had a history of GDM (7.05%) and 126 women were hospitalized for PC (0.01%). Over the eight years of follow-up, GDM was significantly associated with a higher risk of hospitalization with PC in the first Cox regression model adjusted for age and subsequent type 2 diabetes (HR = 1.81 95% CI [1.06-3.10]). The second Cox regression model adjusted for the same covariates, plus tobacco consumption, showed that GDM was still significantly associated with a higher risk of hospitalization for PC with nearly the same estimated risk (HR = 1.77 95% CI [1.03-3.03]). Gestational diabetes was significantly associated with a greater risk of hospital admission for pancreatic cancer within eight years, regardless of subsequent type 2 diabetes.
Lactation and Progression to Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus After Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Lactation improves glucose metabolism, but its role in preventing type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains uncertain., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate lactation and the 2-year incidence of DM after GDM pregnancy., DESIGN: Prospective, observational cohort of women with recent GDM. (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01967030)., SETTING: Integrated health care system., PARTICIPANTS: 1035 women diagnosed with GDM who delivered singletons at 35 weeks' gestation or later and enrolled in the Study of Women, Infant Feeding and Type 2 Diabetes After GDM Pregnancy from 2008 to 2011., MEASUREMENTS: Three in-person research examinations from 6 to 9 weeks after delivery (baseline) and annual follow-up for 2 years that included 2-hour, 75-g oral glucose tolerance testing; anthropometry; and interviews. Multivariable Weibull regression models evaluated independent associations of lactation measures with incident DM adjusted for potential confounders., RESULTS: Of 1010 women without diabetes at baseline, 959 (95%) were evaluated up to 2 years later; 113 (11.8%) developed incident DM. There were graded inverse associations for lactation intensity at baseline with incident DM and adjusted hazard ratios of 0.64, 0.54, and 0.46 for mostly formula or mixed/inconsistent, mostly lactation, and exclusive lactation versus exclusive formula feeding, respectively (P trend = 0.016). Time-dependent lactation duration showed graded inverse associations with incident DM and adjusted hazard ratios of 0.55, 0.50, and 0.43 for greater than 2 to 5 months, greater than 5 to 10 months, and greater than 10 months, respectively, versus 0 to 2 months (P trend = 0.007). Weight change slightly attenuated hazard ratios., LIMITATION: Randomized design is not feasible or desirable for clinical studies of lactation., CONCLUSION: Higher lactation intensity and longer duration were independently associated with lower 2-year incidences of DM after GDM pregnancy. Lactation may prevent DM after GDM delivery., PRIMARY FUNDING SOURCE: National Institute of Child Health and Human Development.
Earlier Age of Onset of Chronic Hypertension and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus After a Hypertensive Disorder of Pregnancy or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; A prospective cohort study was conducted to assess the impact of a history of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the risk and age of onset of hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D), and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life, independent of hypertension and T2D. Between 1993 and 1997, 22 265 ever-pregnant women were included from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition-NL study, aged 20 to 70 years at baseline. Details on complications of pregnancy and known hypertension were obtained by questionnaire. Blood pressure was measured at enrollment. Participants were followed for the occurrence of CVD events. Data were analyzed using ANCOVA, multivariable logistic regression, and Cox proportional hazard (with HDP and GDM as time-dependent variables for T2D and CVD) models. At enrollment, women with a HDP reported diagnosis of hypertension 7.7 years earlier (95% confidence interval [CI] 6.9-8.5) and women with GDM reported diagnosis of T2D 7.7 years earlier (95% CI 5.8-9.6) than women without pregnancy complications. After adjustment for potential confounders, HDP was associated with presence of hypertension at enrollment (odds ratio 2.12, 95% CI 1.98-2.28) and onset of CVD later in life (hazard ratio 1.21, 95% CI 1.10-1.32). After including the intermediates hypertension and T2D in the model, the risk of CVD later in life decreased (hazard ratio 1.09, 95% CI 1.00-1.20). GDM was associated with an increased risk of developing T2D later in life (hazard ratio 3.68, 95% CI 2.77-4.90), but not with risk of CVD. HDP and GDM have a substantial impact on the risk of CVD and are potentially important indicators for preventive cardiovascular risk management. Copyright © 2015 American Heart Association, Inc.
Long-term protective effect of lactation on the development of type 2 diabetes in women with recent gestational diabetes mellitus.; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a high risk of developing postpartum type 2 diabetes. Strategies to prevent postpartum type 2 diabetes are important to reduce the epidemic of diabetes and its societal impact. Breastfeeding was reported to improve early postpartum glucose tolerance and reduce the subsequent risk of type 2 diabetes. To investigate whether breastfeeding influences short- and long-term postpartum diabetes outcomes, women with GDM (n = 304) participating in the prospective German GDM study were followed from delivery for up to 19 years postpartum for diabetes development. All participants were recruited between 1989 and 1999. Postpartum diabetes developed in 147 women and was dependent on the treatment received during pregnancy (insulin vs. diet), BMI, and presence/absence of islet autoantibodies. Among islet autoantibody-negative women, breastfeeding was associated with median time to diabetes of 12.3 years compared with 2.3 years in women who did not breastfeed. The lowest postpartum diabetes risk was observed in women who breastfed for >3 months. On the basis of these results, we recommend that breastfeeding should be encouraged among these women because it offers a safe and feasible low-cost intervention to reduce the risk of subsequent diabetes in this high-risk population.
Normal secretion of the incretin hormones glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide and glucagon-like peptide-1 during gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) are suggested to be caused by the same metabolic disorder. Defects in gut hormone-dependent regulation of beta-cell function (entero-insular axis) have been proposed to contribute to the pathogenesis of DM2. The aim of study was to evaluate whether an impaired secretion of glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and/or glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) could play a role in the development of carbohydrate disorders during pregnancy., SUBJECTS AND METHODS: The study group (GDM) consisted of 13 gestational women with diabetes mellitus in whom GDM was diagnosed according to the World Health Organization criteria (75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT)). The control group consisted of 13 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT), matched according to age and duration of pregnancy. For all patients, plasma glucose, insulin, GLP-1 and GIP concentrations were evaluated after an OGTT, i.e. at 0, 30, 60, 90 and 120 min after glucose load., RESULTS: Fasting plasma glucose concentrations were similar in both groups, but the 0-120 min area under the curve (AUC) for glucose was significantly greater in the GDM group than in the NGT group (p < 0.0005). Fasting insulin concentration was higher (p < 0.05) and the 2-h insulin response (AUCtotal) was significantly greater (p = 0.01) in the GDM group than in the NGT group. Insulin resistance was significantly higher in GDM compared with control women (homeostasis model assessment, p = 0.003). Fasting GLP-1 concentrations were higher in the GDM group (p = 0.05), but no differences were observed in GLP-1 response (AUC) between the studied groups. Fasting and stimulated GIP response did not differ between groups at any time of the study (p > 0.05). Positive correlations were observed between fasting GLP-1 and insulin concentration (r = 0.56, p < 0.004) and between fasting GLP-1 and insulin resistance (r = 0.43, p < 0.029)., CONCLUSION: An impaired secretion of GLP-1 and GIP does not seem to play a major role in the pathogenesis of GDM.
Extracellular vesicles and their potential role inducing changes in maternal insulin sensitivity during gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common endocrine disorders during gestation and affects around 15% of all pregnancies worldwide, paralleling the global increase in obesity and type 2 diabetes. Normal pregnancies are critically dependent on the development of maternal insulin resistance balanced by an increased capacity to secrete insulin, which allows for the allocation of nutrients for adequate foetal growth and development. Several factors including placental hormones, inflammatory mediators and nutrients have been proposed to alter insulin sensitivity and insulin response and underpin the pathological outcomes of GDM. However, other factors may also be involved in the regulation of maternal metabolism and a complete understanding of GDM pathophysiology requires the identification of these factors, and the mechanisms associated with them. Recent studies highlight the potential utility of tissue-specific extracellular vesicles (EVs) in the diagnosis of disease onset and treatment monitoring for several pregnancy-related complications, including GDM. To date, there is a paucity of data defining changes in the release, content, bioactivity and diagnostic utility of circulating EVs in pregnancies complicated by GDM. Placental EVs may engage in paracellular interactions including local cell-to-cell communication between the cell constituents of the placenta and contiguous maternal tissues, and/or distal interactions involving the release of placental EVs into biological fluids and their transport to a remote site of action. Hence, the aim of this review is to discuss the biogenesis, isolation methods and role of EVs in the physiopathology of GDM, including changes in maternal insulin sensitivity during pregnancy. Copyright © 2021 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Skipping breakfast before and during early pregnancy and incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus: the Japan Environment and Children's Study.; BACKGROUND: There is little evidence linking breakfast skipping to the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)., OBJECTIVES: We aimed to evaluate the prospective association of breakfast consumption with the incidence of GDM., METHODS: A total of 103,099 pregnancies were registered during study enrollment (January 2011 to March 2014), involving 97,454 pregnant women from 15 areas across Japan. Singleton pregnant women free of GDM, stroke, heart disease, cancer, and type 1 or type 2 diabetes at the study enrollment were eligible for analysis. We used a self-administered questionnaire to obtain data on demographic information, socioeconomic status, self-rated health status, disease history, lifestyle, and dietary habits of each woman at study enrollment. A semiquantitative FFQ was used for dietary assessment. We used logistic regression to obtain the OR of GDM in relation to breakfast consumption., RESULTS: Among 84,669 pregnant women for analysis, 1935 cases of GDM were documented. After adjustment for potential confounding factors including prepregnancy BMI, the multivariable-adjusted ORs of GDM for women who consumed breakfast 5-6 times/wk, 3-4 times/wk, and 0-2 times/wk were 1.09 (95% CI: 0.93, 1.27), 1.14 (95% CI: 0.96, 1.34), and 1.21 (95% CI: 1.05, 1.41), respectively, compared with daily breakfast eaters. The association appeared to be dose dependent (P-trend = 0.006) and was not significantly modified by prepregnancy BMI., CONCLUSIONS: Breakfast consumption <3 times/wk before and during early pregnancy, compared with daily consumption, was associated with an increased odds of developing GDM. Copyright © The Author(s) 2020.
Genetic Variants in AC092159.2 and Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in a Chinese Population.; Long-noncoding RNA AC092159.2, located ~247 bp upstream of the TMEM18 gene, may play integral roles in metabolic processes, including adipocyte differentiation and glycometabolism. AC092159.2 may be an important regulator of TMEM18, which is an important susceptibility gene related to obesity and type 2 diabetes. We designed a case-control study (including 964 gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM] cases and 1021 controls) to assess the associations of 14 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in AC092159.2 with the GDM risk. Logistic regression analyses showed that rs11127496 A > G, rs12714417 C > T, and rs1320334 A > G conferred a decreased GDM risk in the recessive and additive model, whereas rs11691220 T > C conferred an increased GDM risk in the dominant and additive model. Also, with increasing number of protective alleles of the four SNPs, the risk of GDM was significantly decreased in a dose-dependent manner (ptrend = 0.007). Further function annotation indicated that these four SNPs may fall on the function elements of human pancreatic islets. The genotype-phenotype associations suggested that these SNPs may contribute to GDM by affecting TMEM18 expression. AC092159.2 SNPs (rs11127496 A > G, rs11691220 T > C, rs12714417 C > T, and rs1320334 A > G) may be susceptibility makers for risk of GDM in Chinese females.
Placental extracellular vesicles express active dipeptidyl peptidase IV; levels are increased in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disorder in pregnancy and is characterized by insulin resistance and decreased circulating glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1). GDM resolves rapidly after delivery implicating the placenta in the disease. This study examines the biological functions that cause this pathology. The placenta releases syncytiotrophoblast-derived extracellular vesicles (STB-EVs) into the maternal circulation, which is enhanced in GDM. Dipeptidyl peptidase IV (DPPIV) is known to play a role in type 2 diabetes by breaking down GLP-1, which in turn regulates glucose-dependent insulin secretion. STB-EVs from control and GDM women were analysed. We show that normal human placenta releases DPPIV-positive STB-EVs and that they are higher in uterine than paired peripheral blood, confirming placental origin. DPPIV-bound STB-EVs from normal perfused placentae are dose dependently inhibited with vildagliptin. DPPIV-bound STB-EVs from perfused placentae are able to breakdown GLP-1 in vitro. STB-EVs from GDM perfused placentae show greater DPPIV activity. Importantly, DPPIV-bound STB-EVs increase eightfold in the circulation of women with GDM. This is the first report of STB-EVs carrying a biologically active molecule that has the potential to regulate maternal insulin secretion.
Mechanism of pomegranate ellagic polyphenols reducing insulin resistance on gestational diabetes mellitus rats.; BACKGROUND: Pomegranate ellagic polyphenols (PEP) has been used as a good medicine in many cultures throughout history. However, the mechanism of PEP regulated insulin resistance on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) rats is unclear. The main purpose of the present study was to explore the efficacy and mechanisms of PEP regulated in GDM rats., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Then, ELISA assay indicated that the levels of serum RBP4, Hcy, GA and FFA were lower in PEP groups than GDM groups in a dose-dependent manner. TUNEL staining showed that PEP improved the pathological changes and inhibited the cell apoptosis in the pancreatic and placenta tissues, respectively., RESULTS: We found that PEP improved the weight of pregnant rats and fetal rats and the level of blood glucose, blood biochemical index, insulin resistance in GDM rats. Results from H&E and immunohistochemical analysis found that PEP decreased the expressions of APN and Chemerin. Further, PEP decreased the levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and C-reactive protein (CRP), and increased the levels of 11beta-hydroxy steroid dehydrogenase type 2 (11beta-HSD2) and PPARalpha-TRB3-AKT2-p-FOXO1-GLUT2 signal related to insulin sensitivity in a dose-dependent manner., CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, we have demonstrated that PEP may be a candidate drug for the treatment of GDM and guide the clinical therapy. AJTR Copyright © 2019.
Genetic variants in PTPRD and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Genome-wide association studies (GWASs) showed that two single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) (rs17584499 and rs649891) in the protein tyrosine phosphatase receptor type D (PTPRD) were associated with type 2 diabetes (T2D). We sought to determine the influence of the PTPRD variants on the gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk. In this research, two SNPs in PTPRD reported in T2D GWASs and six PTPRD expression-related SNPs were genotyped in 964 GDM cases and 1,021 controls using the Sequenom platform. Logistic regression analyses in additive models showed consistently significant associations of PTPRD rs10511544 A>C, rs10756026 T>A and rs10809070 C>G with a decreased risk of GDM [adjusted OR (95% CI) = 0.83 (0.72-0.97) for rs10511544; adjusted OR (95% CI) = 0.81 (0.70-0.94) for rs10756026; adjusted OR (95% CI) = 0.78 (0.65-0.92) for rs10809070]. Furthermore, the risk of GDM was significantly decreased with an increasing number of variant alleles of the three SNPs in a dose-dependent manner (Ptrend = 0.008). Moreover, the haplotype containing variant alleles of the three SNPs were significantly associated with a decreased risk of GDM [adjusted OR (95% CI) = 0.77 (0.64-0.92), P = 0.005], when compared with the most frequent haplotype. However, there were no significant associations for the SNPs reported in the T2D GWASs. Altogether, these findings indicate that the variants of rs10511544, rs10756026 and rs10809070 in PTPRD may contribute to a decreased susceptibility to GDM. Further validation in different ethnic backgrounds and biological function analyses are needed.
A Case-Cohort Study of Cadmium Body Burden and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in American Women.; BACKGROUND: Environmental cadmium (Cd) exposure is associated with type 2 diabetes. However, the association of Cd and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is unknown., OBJECTIVES: We examined the association between body burden of Cd and GDM risk., METHODS: We used 140 GDM cases and 481 randomly selected noncase subcohort members from the Omega Study to conduct a case-cohort study. Creatinine (Cr)-corrected Cd in early pregnancy urine (U-Cd) was measured by inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry. Tertiles (< 0.29; 0.29-0.42; >= 0.43 mug/g Cr) were defined using the subcohort's U-Cd distribution. GDM was diagnosed using the 2004 American Diabetes Association guidelines. Adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated using logistic regression., RESULTS: GDM cases had higher geometric mean U-Cd (0.39 mug/g Cr; 95% CI: 0.37, 0.41) than noncases (0.31 mug/g Cr; 95% CI: 0.29, 0.33). Odds ratios for GDM increased with increasing U-Cd tertile (OR = 1.64; 95% CI: 0.88, 3.05 for middle vs. low tertile; OR = 2.07; 95% CI: 1.15, 3.73 for high vs. low tertile; p-trend = 0.015). Overweight/obesity (body mass index >= 25 kg/m(2)) did not modify the association between U-Cd and GDM (p = 0.26)., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that body burden of Cd increases risk of GDM in a dose-dependent manner. Improved understanding of environmental factors influencing GDM may facilitate early identification of women at high risk of GDM.
Inflammation and impaired endothelium-dependant vasodilatation in non obese women with gestational diabetes mellitus: preliminary results.; BACKGROUND: To evaluate whether abnormal endothelial function, a common finding in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pregnancies, can be explained by inflammatory cytokines., METHODS: Forearm skin blood flow (FSBF), into response to acetylcholine (Ach) (endothelium-dependent vasodilatation), were measured in 24 pregnant control subjects and 28 gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) women, in the third trimester of gestation. A fasting glycemic and lipidic panel was obtained, and inflammatory cytokines (TNF-alpha and IL-6) and adiponectin were also determined., RESULTS: FSBF is significantly reduced in GDM group compared with control subjects (344.59 +/- 57.791 vs.176.38 +/- 108.52, P < 0.05). Among all subjects, FSBF showed a strong negative correlation with TNF-alpha and IL-6 (r = -0.426, P < 0.0001 and r = -0.564, P < 0.0001, respectively) and positive correlation with adiponectin (r = 0.468, P < 0.0001)., CONCLUSIONS: Endothelial function, an early marker of macrovascular disease, is present in non-obese pregnancies complicated by GDM. This alteration seems to be directly related to inflammatory status, which may represent a patho-physiological link between GDM and type 2 diabetes and, later on, metabolic syndrome.
Association of polymorphisms in angiotensin-converting enzyme gene with gestational diabetes mellitus in Indian women.; BACKGROUND: Numerous genes have been reported in relation with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), but the findings were not consistently replicated across populations, or there have been no detailed studies on them. Previous literatures suggested that, out of all angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) gene polymorphisms, only ACE insertion/deletion (I/D) gene polymorphism has a strong association with GDM in Asian Indian women., AIM: This study was devoted to evaluate the association of four single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) ACE A240T, C1237T, G2350A and I/D with GDM and Type 2 diabetes mellitus., MATERIALS AND METHODS: This study recruited 105 GDM cases, 119 Type 2 diabetes mellitus subjects and 120 controls. PCR-RFLP was used for identifying genotypes of ACE A240T, C1237T and G2350A and PCR was performed in the case of ACE I/D., RESULTS: Significant associations of ACE SNP's, C1237T, and G2350A with GDM were observed. Haplotype analysis revealed the remarkably significant evidence of association with SNP combination ACE A240T, C1237T, G2350A, and I/D with GDM patients (P = 0.024). Individuals possessing haplotype "TTAI" (frequency 30% in GDM and 0 in controls) derived from these SNPs had 185 fold increased risk of developing GDM (95% of confidence interval: 11.13-3102.15), which was highest when compared with other 15 haplotypes., CONCLUSION: Shorter-range haplotypes were also significant, but the only consistently associated alleles were found to be in ACE C1237T, G2350A, and I/D. These results suggested that the variant in close proximity to ACE C1237T, G2350A and/or I/D modulates susceptibility to GDM and noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus in Indian women.
History of gestational diabetes leads to distinct metabolic alterations in nondiabetic African-American women with a parental history of type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and positive parental history of type 2 diabetes are predictors of the future development of type 2 diabetes in several populations. However, the relative importance of parental history of diabetes and/or history of GDM as risk factors for the pathogenesis of diabetes in African-Americans remains unknown. Thus, the objectives of the present study were 1) to characterize the glucose homeostatic regulations and 2) to examine the contribution of parental history of type 2 diabetes to the potential metabolic alterations found in nondiabetic African-American women with a history of GDM (HGDM)., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We evaluated beta-cell secretion, insulin sensitivity (SI), and glucose-dependent glucose disposal (SG) in 15 glucose-tolerant African-American women with a parental history of type 2 diabetes and prior GDM (HGDM) and 35 women with a parental history of type 2 diabetes but without prior GDM (NHGDM). Fifteen healthy nonobese nondiabetic subjects without a family history of diabetes served as control subjects. Body composition was determined by bioelectrical impedance analyzer, and body fat distribution pattern was determined by waist-to-hip ratio (WHR). Insulin-modified frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance (FSIGT) test was performed in each subject. SI and SG were determined by the minimal model method., RESULTS: The mean age, BMI, percent body fat content, and lean body mass were not different between the subgroups of relatives with and without a history of GDM, but were greater than those of the healthy control subjects. Mean fasting and postchallenge serum glucose levels were slightly but significantly greater in the HGDM versus NHGDM subjects and the healthy control subjects. However, the 2-h glucose levels were greater in the relatives with and without GDM when compared with the healthy control subjects. In contrast, mean postprandial serum insulin responses were significantly lower between t = 30 and 120 min in the HGDM versus NHGDM groups and the healthy control subjects. The mean serum insulin levels were not different in the NHGDM subjects and healthy control subjects. During the FSIGT test, acute first-phase insulin release (t = 0-5 min) was significantly lower in the HGDM versus NHGDM groups and healthy control subjects. Mean SI was significantly (P < 0.05) lower in the HGDM versus NHGDM subjects and healthy control subjects (1.87 +/- 0.47 vs. 2.87 +/- 0.35 and 3.09 +/- 0.27 x 10(-4). min-1.[microU/ml]-1, respectively). SG was significantly lower in HGDM than NHGDM subjects and healthy control subjects (2.11 +/- 0.15 vs. 3.25 +/- 0.50 and 2.77 +/- 0.22 x 10(-2). min-1, respectively). Mean glucose effectiveness at zero insulin concentrations (GEZI) was significantly lower in the HGDM subjects when compared with the NHGDM and healthy control subjects., CONCLUSIONS: The present study demonstrates that in African-American women with a parental history of type 2 diabetes and GDM, defects in early-phase beta-cell secretion, as well as a decreased SI, SG, and GEZI, persist when compared with those without GDM. We suggest that African-American women with a positive history of GDM have additional genetic defects that perhaps differ from that conferred by a parental history of diabetes alone. Alternatively, the metabolic and hormonal milieu during GDM may be associated with permanent alterations in beta-cell function, SI, and glucose effectiveness in African-American women. These defects could play a significant role in the development of GDM, and perhaps in the subsequent development of type 2 diabetes, in African-American women.
Impaired microvascular insulin-dependent dilation in women with a history of gestational diabetes.; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a significantly greater lifetime risk of developing cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes compared with women who had an uncomplicated pregnancy (HC). Microvascular endothelial dysfunction, mediated via reduced nitric oxide (NO)-dependent dilation secondary to increases in oxidative stress, persists after pregnancy complicated by GDM. We examined whether this microvascular dysfunction reduces insulin-mediated vascular responses in women with a history of GDM. We assessed in vivo microvascular endothelium-dependent vasodilator function by measuring cutaneous vascular conductance responses to graded infusions of acetylcholine (10-10-10-1 M) and insulin (10-8-10-4 M) in control sites and sites treated with 15 mM l-NAME [NG-nitro-l-arginine methyl ester; NO-synthase (NOS) inhibitor] or 5 mM l-ascorbate. We also measured protein expression of total endothelial NOS (eNOS), insulin-mediated eNOS phosphorylation, and endothelial nitrotyrosine in isolated endothelial cells from GDM and HC. Women with a history of GDM had reduced acetylcholine (P < 0.001)- and insulin (P < 0.001)-mediated dilation, and the NO-dependent responses to both acetylcholine (P = 0.006) and insulin (P = 0.006) were reduced in GDM compared with HC. Insulin stimulation increased phosphorylated eNOS content in HC (P = 0.009) but had no effect in GDM (P = 0.306). Ascorbate treatment increased acetylcholine (P < 0.001)- and insulin (P < 0.001)-mediated dilation in GDM, and endothelial cell nitrotyrosine expression was higher in GDM compared with HC (P = 0.014). Women with a history of GDM have attenuated microvascular vasodilation responses to insulin, and this attenuation is mediated, in part, by reduced NO-dependent mechanisms. Our findings further implicate increased endothelial oxidative stress in this microvascular insulin resistance. NEW & NOTEWORTHY Women who have gestational diabetes during pregnancy are at a greater risk for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in the decade following pregnancy. The mechanisms mediating this increased risk are unclear. Herein, we demonstrate that insulin-dependent microvascular responses are reduced in women who had gestational diabetes, despite the remission of glucose intolerance. This reduced microvascular sensitivity to insulin may contribute to increased cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes risk in these women.
Impaired microvascular insulin-dependent dilation in women with a history of gestational diabetes.; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a significantly greater lifetime risk of developing cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes compared with women who had an uncomplicated pregnancy (HC). Microvascular endothelial dysfunction, mediated via reduced nitric oxide (NO)-dependent dilation secondary to increases in oxidative stress, persists after pregnancy complicated by GDM. We examined whether this microvascular dysfunction reduces insulin-mediated vascular responses in women with a history of GDM. We assessed in vivo microvascular endothelium-dependent vasodilator function by measuring cutaneous vascular conductance responses to graded infusions of acetylcholine (10-10-10-1 M) and insulin (10-8-10-4 M) in control sites and sites treated with 15 mM l-NAME [NG-nitro-l-arginine methyl ester; NO-synthase (NOS) inhibitor] or 5 mM l-ascorbate. We also measured protein expression of total endothelial NOS (eNOS), insulin-mediated eNOS phosphorylation, and endothelial nitrotyrosine in isolated endothelial cells from GDM and HC. Women with a history of GDM had reduced acetylcholine (P < 0.001)- and insulin (P < 0.001)-mediated dilation, and the NO-dependent responses to both acetylcholine (P = 0.006) and insulin (P = 0.006) were reduced in GDM compared with HC. Insulin stimulation increased phosphorylated eNOS content in HC (P = 0.009) but had no effect in GDM (P = 0.306). Ascorbate treatment increased acetylcholine (P < 0.001)- and insulin (P < 0.001)-mediated dilation in GDM, and endothelial cell nitrotyrosine expression was higher in GDM compared with HC (P = 0.014). Women with a history of GDM have attenuated microvascular vasodilation responses to insulin, and this attenuation is mediated, in part, by reduced NO-dependent mechanisms. Our findings further implicate increased endothelial oxidative stress in this microvascular insulin resistance. NEW & NOTEWORTHY Women who have gestational diabetes during pregnancy are at a greater risk for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in the decade following pregnancy. The mechanisms mediating this increased risk are unclear. Herein, we demonstrate that insulin-dependent microvascular responses are reduced in women who had gestational diabetes, despite the remission of glucose intolerance. This reduced microvascular sensitivity to insulin may contribute to increased cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes risk in these women.
Oxidative stress contributes to reductions in microvascular endothelial- and nitric oxide-dependent dilation in women with a history of gestational diabetes.; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are twice as likely to develop cardiovascular disease (CVD) and ~7 times as likely to develop type 2 diabetes as their age-matched counterparts. However, the mechanism(s) mediating these associations remain unclear. We hypothesized that endothelium- and (nitric oxide) NO-dependent dilation would be attenuated through oxidant stress mechanisms in the microvasculature of women with a history of GDM compared with control women with a history of uncomplicated pregnancy (HC). Ten HC (35 +/- 4 yr) and 10 GDM (34 +/- 4 yr) underwent a standard local heating protocol (42degreeC; 0.1degreeC.s-1). Two intradermal microdialysis fibers were placed in the ventral forearm for local delivery of lactated Ringer's (control) or 5 mM l-ascorbate. After full expression of the local heating response, 15 mM NG-nitro-l-arginine methyl ester (NO synthase inhibition) was perfused. Red cell flux was measured continuously by laser-Doppler flowmetry, and cutaneous vascular conductance (CVC = flux/MAP) was standardized to maximum (% CVCmax; 28 mM SNP + 43degreeC). Urine albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR) was measured. GDM had attenuated endothelium-dependent (GDM: 67 +/- 7 vs. HC: 90 +/- 4% CVCmax; P < 0.001) and NO-dependent (GDM: 54 +/- 7 vs. HC: 71 +/- 3% CVCmax; P = 0.001) dilation at the control site and tended to have higher urine ACR (P = 0.06). Both endothelium-dependent (R2 = 0.53, P = 0.02) and NO-dependent (R2 = 0.56, P = 0.01) dilation were related to urine ACR in GDM. l-ascorbate perfusion improved endothelium-dependent (82 +/- 5% CVCmax; P = 0.03 vs. control) and NO-dependent (68 +/- 5% CVCmax; P = 0.02 vs. control) dilation in GDM but had no effect in HC (P > 0.05). Otherwise healthy women with a history of GDM have attenuated microvascular endothelial function and this dysfunction is mediated, in part, by oxidative stress. NEW & NOTEWORTHY Women who have gestational diabetes during pregnancy are at greater risk for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in the decade following pregnancy. However, the mechanisms mediating this increased risk are unclear. Herein, we demonstrate that microvascular dysfunction, mediated by increase in oxidative stress, persists after pregnancy in women who had gestational diabetes, despite the remission of glucose tolerance.
Serum Glucose-Dependent Insulinotropic Polypeptide (GIP) and Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 (GLP-1) in association with the Risk of Gestational Diabetes: A Prospective Case-Control Study.; BACKGROUND: Defects in incretin have been shown to be related to the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes. Whether such a deficiency happens in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains to be confirmed. We assessed the association of fasting glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) with GDM. We also studied the longitudinal circulation of these peptides during pregnancy and afterwards., METHODS: 53 women with GDM (30 managed with diet only (GDM-diet) and 23 treated with insulin (GDM-insulin)) and 43 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance (NGDM) were studied, with GIP and GLP-1 levels measured at 24-28 weeks (E1), prior (E2) and after (E3) delivery, and postpuerperium (E4)., RESULTS: Basal GIP was shown to be low in GDM groups compared to NGDM in E1, and in E4 for GDM-diet. GLP-1 was low in GDM groups during pregnancy and afterwards. At E1, serum GIP and GLP-1 were inversely associated with GDM and participants with lower levels of GIP (<0.23 ng/mL) and GLP-1 (<0.38 ng/mL) had a 6 (95% CI 2.5-14.5)- and 7.6 (95% CI 3.0-19.1)-fold higher risk of developing GDM compared with the higher level, respectively. In the postpuerperium, when there is a drop in beta-cell function, participants with previous GDM (pGDM) presented lower GLP-1 (in both GDM subgroups) and lower GIP in GDM-diet subgroup compared to controls., CONCLUSION: There is an independent, inverse association between fasting incretins and higher risk of GDM. Furthermore, lowered levels of these peptides may play an important role in the abnormality of glucose regulation following pregnancy. Copyright © 2020 Maryam Mosavat et al.
Role of Metabolic Risk Factors, Family History, and Genetic Polymorphisms (PPARgamma and TCF7L2) on Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Risk in an Asian Indian Population.; INTRODUCTION: Women with family history of diabetes (FHD) are at significantly increased risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus which may eventually lead to type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in later life., OBJECTIVE: This study investigates the role of FHD on metabolic markers and gene polymorphisms and hence on T2DM susceptibility in nondiabetic pregnant women and the subsequent risks in their newborns., MATERIALS AND METHODS: The present study was conducted on 200 healthy (nondiabetic and normotensive) adult Asian Indian women, including 100 with and 100 without FHD, living in and around Kolkata, India. During the gestational period, they were studied twice and followed up till delivery. During delivery, both mothers' venous blood and cord blood were collected to estimate serum CRP, glucose, and lipid profiles of the respective mothers and their newborns. Genotyping of PPARgamma and TCF7L2 polymorphisms was done from these blood samples., RESULTS: A comparison of the metabolic variables among the subjects with and without FHD revealed significant differences among them. We also found close relationship between mothers and their newborn babies in terms of both PPARgamma (rs1801282) C/G and TCF7L2 (rs7903146) C/T polymorphisms. More specifically, genotyping results for mothers with FHD and their newborn babies showed high concordance in inheritance of alleles: (i) for PPARgamma via the risk allele G (74.0%) which is carried over to the newborn babies (64.5%) and (ii) for TCF7L2 via the risk allele T (73.0%) which is carried over to the newborn babies (68.5%)., CONCLUSION: This study leads to the conclusion that Asian Indian women population based in Kolkata, India, are ethnically and genetically predisposed to the risk factors of diabetes through FHD, which is reflected in their gestational phase, and it has a significant implication on their birth outcomes. Copyright © 2021 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Pharmacodynamics of Metformin in Pregnant Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Nonpregnant Women With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a condition similar to type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in that patients are unable to compensate for the degree of insulin resistance, and both conditions are often treated with metformin. The comparative pharmacodynamic response to metformin in these 2 populations has not been studied. This study characterized insulin sensitivity, beta-cell responsivity, and disposition index following a mixed-meal tolerance test utilizing a minimal model of glucose, insulin, and C-peptide kinetics before and during treatment with metformin. The study included women with gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 34), T2DM (n = 14), and healthy pregnant women (n = 30). Before treatment, the gestational diabetes mellitus group had significantly higher baseline (45%), dynamic (68%), static (71%), and total beta-cell responsivity (71%) than the T2DM group. Metformin significantly increased insulin sensitivity (51%) as well as disposition index (97%) and decreased mixed-meal tolerance test peak glucose concentrations (8%) in women with gestational diabetes mellitus after adjustment for gestational age-dependent effects; however, in women with T2DM metformin only significantly affected peak glucose concentrations (22%) and had no significant effect on any other parameters. Metformin had a greater effect on the change in disposition index (DELTA disposition index) in women with gestational diabetes mellitus than in those with T2DM (P = .01). In conclusion, response to metformin in women with gestational diabetes mellitus is significantly different from that in women with T2DM, which is likely related to the differences in disease severity. Copyright © 2019, The American College of Clinical Pharmacology.
Synergistic effect of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and history of gestational diabetes to increase risk of type 2 diabetes.; Whether non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) improves risk prediction for subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) is uncertain. We examined the combined effects of NAFLD and pGDM on risk prediction for incident T2DM. This retrospective cohort study included 97,347 Korean parous women without diabetes mellitus at baseline whose mean (SD) age was 39.0 (7.8) years. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) for incident T2DM according to self-reported pGDM and ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD at baseline. When combined with conventional diabetes risk factors, the incremental predictive ability of NAFLD and pGDM to identify incident T2DM was assessed. During a median follow-up of 3.9 years, 1,515 cases of incident T2DM occurred. Multivariable-adjusted HRs (95% confidence intervals [CIs]) for incident T2DM comparing pGDM alone, NAFLD alone, and both NAFLD and pGDM to the reference (neither NAFLD nor pGDM) were 2.61 (2.06-3.31), 2.26 (1.96-2.59), and 6.45 (5.19-8.00), respectively (relative excess risk of interaction = 2.58 [95% CI, 1.21-3.95]). These associations were maintained after adjusting for insulin resistance, body mass index, and other potential confounders as time-dependent covariates. The combination of NAFLD and pGDM improved risk prediction for incident T2DM (based on Harrell's C-index, also known as the concordance index, and net reclassification improvement) compared to conventional diabetes risk factors. In conclusion, NAFLD synergistically increases the risk of subsequent T2DM in women with pGDM. The combination of NAFLD and pGDM improves risk prediction for T2DM. Copyright © 2023. Springer Nature B.V.
Incident Cancer Risk in Patients with Incident Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Hungary (Part 1).; (1) Background: Patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are at higher risk of cancer but how these two diseases associate is still debated. The goal of this study was the assessment of the overall incidence of cancer among patients with newly diagnosed T2DM in Hungary. (2) Methods: A nationwide, retrospective, longitudinal study was performed using a Hungarian database. After exclusion of cases of age < 18 years, with gestational diabetes, with polycystic ovary syndrome, and with type 1 and prevalent type 2 diabetes mellitus, the incident T2DM (approx. 50,000 cases yearly) and for comparison, the diabetes-free Hungarian adult population (approx. 7,000,000 cases yearly) was included in the study. The primary endpoints were the overall and site-specific incidence and annual percentage change of the incidence of cancer in both populations. (3) Results: The overall incidence of cancer in patients amounted to 29.4/1000 and 6.6/1000 with or without T2DM, respectively, and the OR (95%CI) of cancer of the T2DM group was 4.32 (4.14-4.53), p < 0.0001. The risk of having cancer was age dependent. The incidence of cancer was declining in the non-diabetic but was unchanged in the T2DM population. The average lag time of diagnosing cancer after the detection of T2DM was 3.86 months. (4) Conclusions: Incident T2DM is associated with a significantly higher overall risk of incident cancer, with a reverse correlation of age. Newly registered T2DM patients were suggested to be screened for cancer within 6 months.
Associations between Fatty Acid-Binding Protein 4-A Proinflammatory Adipokine and Insulin Resistance, Gestational and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; There is ample scientific evidence to suggest a link between the fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) and insulin resistance, gestational (GDM), and type 2 (T2DM) diabetes mellitus. This novel proinflammatory adipokine is engaged in the regulation of lipid metabolism at the cellular level. The molecule takes part in lipid oxidation, the regulation of transcription as well as the synthesis of membranes. An involvement of FABP4 in the pathogenesis of obesity and insulin resistance seems to be mediated via FABP4-dependent peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARgamma) inhibition. A considerable number of studies have shown that plasma concentrations of FABP4 is increased in obesity and T2DM, and that circulating FABP4 levels are correlated with certain clinical parameters, such as body mass index, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. Since plasma-circulating FABP4 has the potential to modulate the function of several types of cells, it appears to be of extreme interest to try to develop potential therapeutic strategies targeting the pathogenesis of metabolic diseases in this respect. In this manuscript, representing a detailed review of the literature on FABP4 and the abovementioned metabolic disorders, various mechanisms of the interaction of FABP4 with insulin signaling pathways are thoroughly discussed. Clinical aspects of insulin resistance in diabetic patients, including women diagnosed with GDM, are analyzed as well.
Pathogenesis of non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) - genetic predisposition and metabolic abnormalities.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), also known as type II diabetes, is characterized by abnormal glucose homeostasis, resulting in hyperglycemia, and is associated with microvascular, macrovascular, and neuropathic complications. NIDDM is a complex disease with many causes. Both genetic and environmental factors play important roles in the pathogenesis of NIDDM. Cumulative evidence on the high prevalence of NIDDM in certain ethnic groups, the high concordance rate for the disease in monozygotic twins, familial aggregation, and familial transmission patterns suggests that the genetic component plays an important etiological role in the development of NIDDM. In genetically predisposed individuals, there is a slow progression from a normal state to hyperglycemia, largely due to a combination of insulin resistance and defects in insulin secretion. Although numerous candidate genes responsible for insulin resistance and for the defects in insulin secretion have been reported, no specific gene(s) accounting for the majority of cases of the common type of NIDDM has been identified. Considerable evidence indicates that environmental and other factors, including diet, stress, physical activity, obesity and aging, also play an important role in the development of the disease. In conclusion, the pathogenic process of NIDDM depends on a complex interaction between genetic and environmental factors.
Preliminary research on apolipoprotein A-I and A-II in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for atherosclerosis; coronary heart disease (CHD) is the major cause of morbidity and mortality in diabetic subjects., PATIENTS AND METHODS: We determined serum lipids and apolipoprotein A-I levels in 13 females and 8 males affected by non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and in age-matched blood donors (9 females and 10 males). Furthermore, serum samples were characterized by isoelectric focusing (IEF) in the range of pH 5-7., RESULTS: In diabetics, apolipoprotein A-I levels were significantly lower (t = 9.192, p < 0.001) than in control subjects, while there were no significant differences in total cholesterol and triglyceride levels. IEF patterns obtained for diabetics were different from those obtained for controls in the intensity of the bands; particularly, major differences were revealed in the range of pH 4.3-5.2., CONCLUSIONS: We put forward the hypothesis that quantitative modifications of the proteic portion of HDL could be associated with diabetes and that this could help to explain the high incidence of atherosclerosis and CHD observed in diabetic subjects.
Periodontal disease progression in type II non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients (NIDDM). Part II--Microbiological analysis using the BANA test.; The periodontal condition of 30 type II non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients (NIDDM) was evaluated and compared to that of 30 non-diabetic patients (age range, 30-77 years). Glycosylated hemoglobin and fasting glucose tests were used to measure the metabolic control of the patients, and the BANA (N-benzoyl-DL-arginine-naphthylamide) test was used to analyze subgingival microbiota. At the end of the study, the diabetic group was subdivided into three groups according to the degree of diabetic control: controlled, moderately controlled and poorly controlled. The non-parametric chi square test was used for statistical analyses: BANA test--no statistically significant differences were found between the two groups when analyzed as a whole. When the diabetic patients were subdivided and compared to the control group, significance was detected (P < 0.01) in the total frequencies of the BANA scores (negative, moderately positive and positive: 1, 2, and 3, respectively) in the 5-, 6-, and 7-mm pockets and also in the 4-mm pockets in the poorly controlled group.
Periodontal disease progression in type II non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients (NIDDM). Part I--Probing pocket depth and clinical attachment.; Periodontal disease progression of 30 type II diabetic patients (NIDDM) and 30 patients in whom diabetes was not detected was evaluated. Age ranged from 30 to 77 years. To determine the periodontal condition, probing pocket depth and periodontal attachment loss were measured; to determine the metabolic control of the patients, glycosylated hemoglobin and fasting glucose were measured. At the end of the study, the diabetic group was divided into three subgroups, according to the metabolic state of the patients: controlled patients, moderately controlled patients, and poorly controlled patients. Comparing the diabetic and the control groups as a whole, there was no statistically significant difference in probing pocket depth, but significance (P < 0.01) was observed for attachment loss. When diabetic patients were divided into subgroups, significant differences were observed between the poorly controlled and the control groups (P < 0.01) for both the probing pocket depth and periodontal attachment. The glycosylated hemoglobin test was more reliable than the fasting glucose analysis.
Insulin resistance in non-insulin dependent (type II) and insulin dependent (type I) diabetes mellitus.; Insulin resistance is a characteristic feature of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) due to target tissue defects in insulin action. Abnormalities of cellular insulin action can be divided into receptor and post-receptor defects. Patients with impaired glucose tolerance are insulin resistant due to decreased insulin receptors resulting in decreased insulin sensitivity and rightward shifted in vivo dose response curves. Patients with NIDDM are insulin resistant due to a combination of receptor and post-receptor defects. The greater the severity of the diabetes (greater fasting hyperglycemia) the greater the post-receptor defect, and in those patients with more significant fasting hyperglycemia the post-receptor defect is the predominant abnormality leading to the insulin resistant state. At least one of the abnormalities underlying this post-receptor defect involves a decrease in glucose transport system activity in freshly isolated adipocytes. This defect in glucose transport, is not expressed in cultured fibro-blasts, indicating that the abnormality in glucose disposal seen in vivo and in glucose transport seen in freshly isolated cells is an acquired phenomenon. Consistent with this, the post-receptor defect is partially reversible by insulin therapy, which leads to a 50-70% reversal of the reduced rates of in vivo glucose disposal and in vitro glucose transport. Insulin resistance also exists in poorly controlled IDDM patients, due to a postreceptor defect in insulin action. This insulin resistance is not present in well controlled IDDM patients, and is completely reversible when poorly controlled patients are treated with intensive insulin therapy. Insulin is produced in the pancreatic beta cell as the primary biosynthetic product preproinsulin. This peptide is rapidly converted to proinsulin (MW approximately 9000). Proinsulin is converted to insulin (MW approximately 6000) plus C-peptide in the secretory granule with a small amount (approximately 5 percent) of the proinsulin remaining unconverted. After a brief time in the peripheral circulation (half-life six to 10 minutes), insulin interacts with target tissues to exert its biologic effects. One of insulin's major biologic effects is the promotion of overall glucose metabolism, and abnormalities of this aspect of insulin action can lead to a number of important clinical and pathophysiologic states including Type II diabetes, also known as non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Since insulin travels from the beta cell through the circulation to the target tissues, abnormalities at any of these loci can influence the ultimate action of the hormone. These abnormalities, all
Role of glucose transporters in the cellular insulin resistance of type II non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To examine the role of glucose transport proteins in cellular insulin resistance, we studied subcutaneous adipocytes isolated from lean control, obese control (body mass index [BMI] 33.4 +/- 0.9), and untreated obese non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients (BMI 35.2 +/- 2.1; fasting glucose 269 +/- 20 mg/dl). Glucose transporters were measured in plasma membrane (PM), low-density (LDM), and high-density (HDM) microsomal subfractions from basal and maximally insulin-stimulated cells using the cytochalasin B binding assay, and normalized per milligram of membrane protein. In all subgroups, insulin led to an increase in PM glucose transporters and a corresponding depletion of transporters in the LDM. Insulin recruited 20% fewer transporters to the PM in the obese subgroup when compared with lean controls, and this was associated with a decline in LDM transporters with enlarging cell size in the control subjects. In NIDDM, PM, and LDM, transporters were decreased 50% in both basal and stimulated cells when compared with obese controls having similar mean adipocyte size. Cellular depletion of glucose transporters was not the only cause of insulin resistance, because the decrease in rates of [14C]-D-glucose transport (basal and insulin-stimulated) was greater than could be explained by reduced numbers of PM transporters in both NIDDM and obesity. In HDM, the number of transporters was not influenced by insulin and was similar in all subgroups. We conclude that (a) in NIDDM and obesity, both reduced numbers and impaired activity of glucose transporters contribute to cellular insulin resistance, and (b) in NIDDM, more profound cellular insulin resistance is associated primarily with a further depletion of cellular transporters.
The clinical use of oral sulfonylureas in the management of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; Eighty percent of Americans afflicted with diabetes mellitus have Type II or non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Impaired or defective insulin secretion and insulin resistance are universal pathophysiologic findings. Management involves attention to diet, exercise, and commonly the use of insulin and/or oral sulfonylureas. Currently there are six marketed first and second generation agents available for use in the United States. Although the newer agents are more potent, they all share a similar mechanism of action. These agents can only be effective if the patient has retained beta cell secretory function. Pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic differences may make the newer agents, glyburide and glipizide, preferred in the management of Type II diabetes mellitus. The combined use of insulin and oral sulfonylureas may be useful for the patient exhibiting persistent fasting hyperglycemia despite maximal oral drug therapy. The precise role for combination therapy and optimal patient characteristics awaits further study.
Defect of an early event of glucose metabolism in skeletal muscle of the male Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rat, a non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) model.; Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rats showed that the distribution of plasma membrane content of insulin-regulated glucose transporter in skeletal muscle was reminiscent of that in human non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). To obtain more information on the cellular mechanisms of muscle insulin resistance, hexokinase activities were measured in the skeletal muscle of OLETF rats. The results showed that the activity of the type II enzyme in the diabetic rats was significantly decreased (P < 0.05) compared with Long-Evans Tokushima Otsuka (LETO) control rats. No significant differences in the activity of the type I hexokinase were observed between these rats. Western blot analysis showed that the protein content of the type II in OLETF rats was also significantly lower than that in LETO rats (P < 0.05). After insulin stimulation, the intramuscular content of glucose 6-phosphate, which regulates glycogen synthesis in skeletal muscle, was significantly decreased in OLETF rats (P < 0.01). However, glycogen synthase activity in vitro and intramuscular lactate concentration in these rats did not show significant differences. These results suggest that the G6P content of the diabetic rats is decreased as a result of an impaired early event of glucose metabolism, indicating that the molecular defects of skeletal muscle in OLETF rats are similar to those in NIDDM patients.
DNA polymorphism of Pvu II site in the lipoprotein lipase gene in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; We studied the effect of variation at the lipoprotein lipase (LPL) gene locus on the susceptibility of individuals with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in a population of 110 NIDDM patients and 91 controls. Our objective was to study the relationship between the LPL-Pvu II polymorphism and NIDDM and lipid metabolism. PCR-RFLP was used to determine the DNA polymorphism of the sixth intron of the LPL gene. The frequencies of the genotypes in case and control groups were 29.1 and 30.8% for P+/P+; 45.5 and 36.3% for P+/P-; 25.5 and 33% for P-/P- respectively. There was no significant difference in frequencies of genotypes between the two groups. Logistic regression analysis revealed that triacylglycerol (TAG) and apolipoprotein E levels were associated with NIDDM, whereas Pvu II genotypes were not found as independent risk factors for the disease. Overall this study demonstrates the role of the Pvu II polymorphism in the LPL gene in modulating plasma lipid/lipoprotein levels in patients with NIDDM. Copyright (c) 2004 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Plasma angiotensin II, renin activity and serum angiotensin-converting enzyme activity in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus patients with diabetic nephropathy.; The renin-angiotensin system (RAS) has been unequivocally implicated as a mediator of diabetic complications. The present study was designed to evaluate the RAS in non-insulin dependent diabetic patients with diabetic nephropathy. Plasma renin activity, plasma angiotensin II and serum angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) activity were measured in 45 non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients and 15 healthy non-diabetic controls. Diabetics were subdivided into 15 normoalbuminuric NIDDM subjects, 15 NIDDM patients with microalbuminuria and 15 diabetics with macroalbuminuria. Mean plasma renin activity for macroalbuminuric diabetics (0.65+/-0.10 ng/ml/hr) was significantly reduced than the controls (1.28+/-0.37 ng/ml/hr) (P<0.001), the diabetic group with microalbuminuria (1.08+/-0.48 ng/ml/hr) (P<0.05) and normoalbuminuric patients (1.56+/-0.82 ng/ml/hr) (P<0.001). A significant negative correlation was obtained between serum creatinine and plasma renin activity (r=-0.842, p<0.001) in macroalbuminuric NIDDM patients. Plasma angiotensin II was significantly decreased in non-complicated diabetics compared to healthy controls (4.36+/-1.49 pg/ml vs 14.87+/-3.48 pg/ml respectively, p<0.001). Non-insulin dependent diabetic patients with nephropathy had significantly higher plasma angiotensin II levels (28.99+/-5.88 pg/ml) than non-complicated diabetics (p<0.001). Serum ACE activity was increased in 53.3% of NIDDM patients. All diabetic groups showed increased serum ACE activity (normoalbuminuric NIDDM 114.9+/-28.3 nmol/min/ml, microalbuminuric NIDDM 127.9+/-31.2 nmol/min/ml and macroalbuminuric NIDDM 127.0+/-29.3 nmol/min/ml) when compared to the normal control group (76.3+/-16.5 nmol/min/ml) (p<0.001). No significant difference in serum ACE activity was obtained between normoalbuminuric and nephropathic diabetics or between diabetics with and without retinopathy. No significant correlation was obtained between serum ACE activity and blood pressure, blood glucose level and duration of diabetes. Thus plasma renin activity is decreased in diabetic nephropathy and negatively correlates with serum creatinine. Plasma angiotensin II is decreased in normoalbuminuric diabetics and elevated in diabetic nephropathy. Serum ACE activity is raised in NIDDM patients with no relation to albumin excretion rate. The role of increased ACE activity in NIDDM remains to be established.
Involvement of angiotensin II in progression of renal injury in rats with genetic non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (Wistar fatty rats).; Wistar fatty (WF) rats have a genetic predisposition to hyperglycemia, polyuria, hyperinsulinemia, hyperlipidemia, obesity and nephropathy. These phenotypic characteristics are similar to those observed in obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) nephropathy. In this study, the effects of two types of renin-angiotensin system inhibitors, an angiotensin II type 1-receptor antagonist (AT1A) and an angiotensin I-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEI), on renal injury in WF rats were studied during the progressive phase of diabetic nephropathy. An AT1A, candesartan cilexetil (1 mg/kg), and an ACEI, enalapril (10 mg/kg), were administered orally once a day for 12 weeks, beginning when the rats were 27-week-old and already showed diabetic nephropathy and obesity. Both drugs prevented an increase in proteinuria during the experimental period. Furthermore, after 4-week intervention, the levels of proteinuria were markedly lower in drug-treated rats. At the end of the experiment, both drugs prevented the development of glomerular lesions without affecting glucose metabolism and obesity. In conclusion, the inhibition of angiotensin II activity ameliorated both existing proteinuria and the progression of proteinuria, resulting in preservation of glomerular structure. Thus angiotensin II plays important roles in the development and the progression of nephropathy in genetically obese diabetic WF rats.
Angiotensin II subtype-1 receptor antagonists improve hemodynamic and renal changes without affecting glucose metabolisms in genetic rat model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rat is a new genetic model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We investigated whether treatment with an angiotensin II (ANGII) subtype-1 receptor antagonist delays the onset of NIDDM and attenuates diabetic nephropathy in the OLETF rat. OLETF rats fed a regular chow were treated with ANGII subtype-1 receptor antagonists (E4177 or TA606) for 22 weeks. Hemodynamic changes, glucose metabolism, and the effects on diabetic nephropathy were examined. Systolic blood pressure increased in OLETF rats in an age-dependent manner. OLETF rats exhibited increases in plasma concentrations of glucose and insulin and developed glucosuria at the age of 28 weeks. The changes in glucose metabolism were associated with proteinuria and an increase in urinary excretion of N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase (NAG). Morphologic investigation revealed nodular lesions in glomeruli in the OLETF rats. The ANGII receptor antagonist treatment abolished the blood pressure elevation. However, the treatment did not affect plasma glucose and insulin levels and did not significantly reduce glucosuria. Nodular lesions in glomeruli were not improved by the treatment. However, the receptor antagonists significantly reduced proteinuria and urinary NAG excretion. Multivariate analyses revealed that proteinuria was determined by systolic blood pressure, lipid metabolism, and glucose levels in plasma. ANGII subtype-1 antagonism does not improve glucose metabolism in the OLETF rat model of NIDDM, which has abnormalities in the glucose-uptake system. Blood pressure elevation and part of the proteinuria associated with NIDDM depends on the renin-angiotensin system rather than glucose metabolisms per se.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in New Zealand Maori: a relationship with Class I but not Class II histocompatibility locus antigens.; AIMS: To investigate the possibility of a relationship between the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in Maori. Such relationships have previously been shown in non-European races with a high incidence of NIDDM., METHODS: We performed serological Class I and PCR-SSP Class II HLA typing on 44 Maori with NIDDM and renal failure and compared the results with normal Maori., RESULTS: A strong relationship with the HLA-B40 groups of antigens (relative risk 5.1 chi 2 = 16.8, p < 0.001) was found; this was mainly attributable to HLA-B48 and HLA-B60. There was no HLA Class II relationship., CONCLUSION: The relationship with HLA-B40 antigens suggests that the MHC or other genes on chromosome 6 play a role in NIDDM in Maori.
Urinary albumin excretion rate during angiotensin II infusion in microalbuminuric patients with insulin and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; As angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition is accompanied by a marked decrease in glomerular protein loss, the hypothesis was tested that an increase of the glomerular transcapillary hydraulic pressure difference by exogenous angiotensin II would increase microalbuminuria in patients with insulin (IDDM) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Acute effects of increasing doses of angiotensin II (1, 3 and 6 ng/kg/min) were studied on mean arterial pressure (MAP), glomerular filtration rate (GFR), effective renal plasma flow (ERPF), filtration fraction (FF), total renal vascular resistance (TRVR), and urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) in 11 IDDM and 11 NIDDM microalbuminuric patients. Angiotensin II infusion changed MAP from 100 +/- 3 mmHg at baseline to 105 +/- 3, 111 +/- 3, and 116 +/- 3 mmHg (P < 0.001), ERPF from 542 +/- 29 to 478 +/- 24, 429 +/- 23, and 382 +/- 19 ml/min (P < 0.001), FF from 20.2 +/- 0.06 to 23.1 +/- 0.7, 27.1 +/- 1.1, and 29.8 +/- 1.2% (P < 0.001), and TRVR from 9454 +/- 809 to 11,158 +/- 930, 13,310 +/- 1206, and 15,538 +/- 1362 dyne s cm-5 (P < 0.001). GFR and UAER, however, did not change significantly. Therefore, during angiotensin II infusion ERPF decreased, while FF and TRVR increased. As UAER and GFR remained unchanged, the presumed rise in intraglomerular capillary pressure by exogenous angiotensin II did not increase UAER. We suggest that during manipulation of the renin-angiotensin system, as in other renal diseases with proteinuria, factors other than glomerular transcapillary hydraulic pressure determine the degree of urinary albumin loss in microalbuminuric IDDM and NIDDM patients.
Impaired activity and gene expression of hexokinase II in muscle from non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.; After entering the muscle cell, glucose is immediately and irreversibly phosphorylated to glucose-6-phosphate by hexokinases (HK) I and II. Previous studies in rodents have shown that HKII may be the dominant HK in skeletal muscle. Reduced insulin-stimulated glucose uptake and reduced glucose-6-phosphate concentrations in muscle have been found in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients when examined during a hyperglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp. These findings [correction of finding] are consistent with a defect in glucose transport and/or phosphorylation. In the present study comprising 29 NIDDM patients and 25 matched controls, we tested the hypothesis that HKII activity and gene expression are impaired in vastus lateralis muscle of NIDDM patients when examined in the fasting state. HKII activity in a supernatant of muscle extract accounted for 28 +/- 5% in NIDDM patients and 40 +/- 5% in controls (P = 0.08) of total muscle HK activity when measured at a glucose media of 0.11 mmol/liter and 31 +/- 4 and 47 +/- 7% (P = 0.02) when measured at 0.11 mmol/liter of glucose. HKII mRNA, HKII immunoreactive protein level, and HKII activity were significantly decreased in NIDDM patients (P < 0.0001, P = 0.03, and P = 0.02, respectively) together with significantly decreased glycogen synthase mRNA level and total glycogen synthase activity (P = 0.02 and P = 0.02, respectively). In the entire study population HKII activity estimated at 0.11 and 11.0 mM glucose was inversely correlated with fasting plasma glucose concentrations (r = -0.45, P = 0.004; r = -0.54, P < 0.0001, respectively) and fasting plasma nonesterified fatty acid concentrations (r = -0.46, P = 0.003; r = -0.37, P = 0.02, respectively). In conclusion, NIDDM patients are characterized by a reduced activity and a reduced gene expression of HKII in muscle which may be secondary to the metabolic peturbations. HKII contributes with about one-third of total HK activity in a supernatant of human vastus lateralis muscle.
HDLs containing apolipoproteins A-I and A-II (LpA-I:A-II) as markers of coronary artery disease in men with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Abnormalities in HDL and an increased risk of coronary artery disease (CAD) coexist in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). HDLs can be separated by their apolipoprotein (apo) content into particles containing apoA-I but not apoA-II (LpA-I) and those containing both apoA-I and apoA-II (LpA-I:A-II). The LpA-I particles have been suggested to be more effective in conferring protection against CAD than the LpA-I:A-II particles. However, data are sparse, and no studies have defined the role of these two classes of particles in NIDDM., METHODS AND RESULTS: LpA-I and LpA-I:A-II particles were quantified by a differential electroimmunoassay in four groups of men with similar age and body mass index (BMI) distributions. Group 1 consisted of 50 patients with NIDDM and angiographically verified CAD; group 2, 50 men with CAD but no diabetes; group 3, 50 men with NIDDM but no CAD; and group 4, 31 healthy men. Serum apoA-I and apoA-II concentrations were measured by immunoturbidimetry, and HDL2 and HDL3 were separated by ultracentrifugation. Concentrations of LpA-I:A-II particles in group 1 were 13.8%, 18.3%, and 26.9% lower than in groups 2 through 4, respectively. In a two-by-two factorial ANOVA, adjusted for age and BMI, the differences were significant for both CAD (P < .001) and NIDDM (P < .001), with no interaction between the factors. These results were confirmed by comparable differences in the serum concentrations of apoA-I and apoA-II. LpA-I particles were related to the presence or absence of CAD (P = .013), but the difference was lost in a multivariate analysis. A low HDL3 cholesterol concentration characterized both CAD (P = .002) and NIDDM (P = .024). HDL2 cholesterol differed significantly with regard to the presence of NIDDM (P = .033) but only borderline with respect to CAD (P = .073)., CONCLUSIONS: ApoA-II-containing lipoproteins and HDL3 cholesterol are powerful markers of CAD in men with NIDDM.
Type II non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Type II non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) occurs predominantly in adults, especially in those individuals over age 30. This disease was formerly called maturity-onset or adult-onset diabetes. A subclass of NIDDM was devised, however, for those families in which children, adolescents, or young adults develop what is referred to as maturity-onset diabetes of the young. This article reviews issues related to treatment modalities for those with type II NIDDM, including dietary management, physical activity, and pharmacologic therapy.
Thirst and plasma levels of vasopressin, angiotensin II and atrial natriuretic peptide in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To clarify a possible mechanism whereby the perception of thirst may be associated with diabetes mellitus, we measured plasma levels of vasopressin (AVP), angiotensin II (ANG II), atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) and plasma renin activity (PRA) in non-insulin-dependent (NIDDM) diabetic patients with or without thirst. Thirteen male NIDDM patients complaining of thirst had a significantly high blood hematocrit, plasma urea nitrogen and creatinine concentrations and plasma osmolality, indicating a reduction in plasma volume. In addition, the patients had a significantly high mean plasma concentrations of AVP (3.20 +/- 1.27 pmol/l) ANG II (33.8 +/- 31.4 pmol/l) and PRA, but a low mean plasma ANP concentration (8.9 +/- 4.5 pmol/l). After treatment with diet and/or sulfonylurea, plasma levels of AVP, ANG II and PRA decreased with a concomitant increase in plasma volume and disappearance of thirst. In contrast, 13 NIDDM patients (9 females and 4 males) without thirst had normal plasma urea nitrogen and creatinine concentrations, and the hematocrit did not change significantly after treatment. Plasma AVP (0.95 +/- 0.34 pmol/l), ANG II (14.7 +/- 8.8 pmol/l) and ANP (10.7 +/- 4.9 pmol/l) concentrations, and PRA were normal in this group of patients. There was no significant difference between the two groups of patients, however, in fasting glucose concentration and HbA1c. We conclude from these results that a reduction in plasma volume may be the major factor responsible for the induction of thirst sensation and for increased AVP secretion in NIDDM patients. The mechanism underlying a reduction in plasma volume remains unclear.
Current status of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type II): management with gliclazide.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a major cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide, with a prevalence of 3-7% in most Western countries. Decreased insulin secretion and diminished tissue insulin sensitivity are both implicated in the pathogenesis of the disease; both may be exacerbated by persistent hyperglycemia and improved by normalization of blood sugar levels. Measures to control hyperglycemia, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia are important in the management of NIDDM and prevention of its long-term complications. The effects of dietary modification, exercise, and antihypertensive and antiplatelet therapy, as well as of pharmacologic control of blood sugar, on the vascular and renal complications of NIDDM have been investigated. Gliclazide is a second-generation sulfonylurea drug whose efficacy in the treatment of NIDDM, alone or in combination with insulin, has been widely demonstrated. Studies of the use of gliclazide, reported at recent symposia, are summarized in this review.
(-)-BM 13.0913: a new oral antidiabetic agent that improves insulin sensitivity in animal models of type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Insulin resistance is one of the key features of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Therefore, a drug that causes an improvement in insulin sensitivity would be of great interest for the treatment of NIDDM. In addition to the insulin-sensitizing thiazolidinediones, we have found another class of insulin-sensitizing agents: the alpha-activated carbonic acids. (-)-BM 13.0913, a member of this class, was effective in improving insulin resistance in hyperinsulinemic and hypoinsulinemic insulin-resistant animal models of NIDDM. The 50% effective dose (ED50) for the glucose-lowering action was 4, 2.4, and 8 mg/kg in ob/ob, yellow KK, and db/db mice, respectively. The ED50 for the insulin-lowering action was 14.5, 5, and 26 mg/kg. This rightward shift of the dose-response curve for insulin indicates that improving glucose homeostasis is the primary effect of the drug, followed by an insulin-decreasing action. This effect on glucose homeostasis may be brought about by sensitizing peripheral target tissues to the effects of insulin. An increase in deoxyglucose uptake and glucose oxidation measured in adipocytes from rats that had been treated for 14 days with (-)-BM 13.0913 supports this conclusion. Glucose uptake and oxidation was increased at all insulin concentrations tested, suggesting an improved responsiveness. Insulin sensitivity in adipocytes was not influenced by the drug. Studies in the moderately hypoinsulinemic, low-dose streptozotocin (STZ) diabetic rat with a residual insulin concentration showed a decrease in blood glucose concentrations, as well as a decrease in urinary glucose.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Autonomic neuropathy in non-insulin dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus. Possible influence of obesity.; To assess the prevalence of autonomic neuropathy (AN) in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and its relationships with other diabetic complications, duration of diabetes, and obesity, we evaluated 51 NIDDM patients (age 41-59 years, mean 49 years, duration of diabetes 0-15 years, mean 6.9 years). AN tests included a deep breathing test (E/I ratio) and an orthostatic tilt table test (acceleration and brake (25 of 51, 49%) and the most frequent disturbance was an impaired E/I ratio (18 of 25; 72%). There were no obvious correlations between AN indices and the duration of diabetes, symptoms of AN, peripheral neuropathy or retinopathy. However, an influence of obesity on AN was suggested. Patients with AN showed a significantly higher BMI than patients without AN (31.0 +/- 0.9 vs. 27.5 +/- 0.8; P less than 0.01).
Effects of ketone bodies on carbohydrate metabolism in non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus.; The ability of ketone bodies to suppress elevated hepatic glucose output was investigated in eight postabsorptive subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Infusion of sodium acetoacetate alone (20 mumols/kg/min) for 3 hours increased total serum ketones (beta-hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate) to approximately 6 mmol/L, but did not reduce plasma glucose (14.0 +/- 0.8 to 12.3 +/- 0.9 mmol/L) or isotopically determined hepatic glucose output (17.5 +/- 1.4 to 12.7 +/- 1.0 mumols/kg/min) more than saline alone. Plasma C-peptide concentrations were unchanged, while serum glucagon increased from 131 +/- 13 to 169 +/- 24 ng/mL (P less than .015) and free fatty acids were suppressed by 43% (0.35 +/- 0.08 to 0.20 +/- 0.06 mmol/L, P less than .025). When sodium acetoacetate was infused with somatostatin (0.10 micrograms/kg/min) to suppress glucagon and insulin secretion, the decrease in both plasma glucose (13.3 +/- 0.9 to 10.2 +/- 0.7 mmol/L) and hepatic glucose output (17.2 +/- 1.6 to 9.4 +/- 0.6 mumols/kg/min) was greater than either acetoacetate or somatostatin infusion alone. Infusion of equimolar amounts of sodium bicarbonate had no effect on glucose metabolism. In conclusion, these results demonstrate that ketone bodies can directly suppress elevated hepatic glucose output in NIDDM independent of changes in insulin secretion, but only when the concomitant stimulation of glucagon secretion is prevented. Ketone bodies also suppress adipose tissue lipolysis in the absence of changes in plasma insulin and may serve to regulate their own production.
Genetic variants of the insulin receptor in type II (non-insulin dependent) diabetes mellitus.; DNA variation related to the insulin receptor gene was studied with the restriction endonucleases Sst 1 and Bgl II. These identified 4 alleles, termed S1 (5.3 kilobases), S2 (5.8 kilobases), B1 (23.4 kilobases) and B2 (20.0 kilobases). Random association between these two insulin receptor polymorphisms was found in all of the study groups. The frequencies of genotypes possessing the S2 allele in Caucasian controls (n = 54), race matched non-insulin dependent diabetics (n = 56) and insulin dependent diabetics (n = 34) were 0.06, 0.18 and 0.04 respectively (p less than 0.01 for NIDDM versus IDDM or controls by chi-squared test). There were no significant differences in frequencies of genotypes with the B1 or B2 alleles amongst these three groups. The S2 allele or adjacent loci may provide a useful genetic marker for NIDDM.
Brain insulin-like growth factor-II mRNA content is reduced in insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Diabetic encephalopathy, characterized by structural, electrophysiological, neurochemical, and cognitive abnormalities, is observed in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and non-IDDM (NIDDM). Identification of early biochemical lesions potentially may provide clues pointing to its pathogenesis. Insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) are neurotrophic factors that recently have been implicated in the pathogenesis of diabetic neuropathy. Because IGF-II is the predominant IGF in adult brain, we tested the hypothesis that IGF-II gene expression is decreased in the CNS in both IDDM and NIDDM. Brain and spinal cord were isolated from streptozotocin-diabetic rats, a model of IDDM with weight loss and impaired insulin production. IGF-II mRNA content was measured by northern and slot blots. After 2 weeks of diabetes, IGF-II mRNA content per milligram of tissue wet weight, as well as per unit of poly(A)+ RNA, declined significantly (p < or = 0.05) in brain and spinal cord. Insulin replacement therapy partially restored IGF-II mRNA levels in brain, cortex, medulla, and spinal cord. The obese, hyperinsulinemic, and spontaneously diabetic (fa/fa) Zucker rat was used as a model of NIDDM. Brain weight (p < 0.025) and IGF-II mRNA contents (p < 0.01) were significantly decreased in (fa/fa) versus lean nondiabetic (+ /?) rats. Therefore, the decline in IGF-II mRNA levels in diabetic brain was independent of the type of diabetes, the direction of change in body weight, and the insulinemic state. We speculate that this early biochemical lesion may contribute to the development of diabetic encephalopathy.
C-peptide but not insulin concentrations are related to the serum lipoprotein levels during insulin treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients.; In 21 non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients with secondary drug failure, once-daily long-acting insulin lead to a moderately improved metabolic control. At the conclusion of the study (eight months) the fasting blood glucose and HbA1c concentrations were significantly decreased, but the postprandial blood glucose concentrations in the afternoon were unaltered. The peripheral insulin sensitivity, as measured by the intravenous insulin tolerance test, and the lipoprotein lipase activity in adipose and skeletal muscle tissue had increased. After initiation of insulin therapy there was a transient decrease of the fasting and glucagon-stimulated C-peptide concentrations. The very low density lipoprotein lipids and apolipoprotein B, A-I and A-II were also reduced transiently. The only significant difference in lipoprotein composition at eight months compared with on admission, was an increased cholesterol and decreased triglyceride concentration in the high density lipoproteins. There were significant relationships between the C-peptide, but not the peripheral insulin, concentrations and the serum lipid concentrations. This may indicate that high peripheral insulin concentrations after administration of exogenous insulin may affect the hepatic lipoprotein production less than the portal insulin concentrations mainly derived from endogenous production.
Genetics of non-insulin-dependent (type-II) diabetes mellitus.; Both genetic and environmental factors contribute to the etiology of non-insulin-dependent diabetes. The genetic component is heterogeneous and in some patients is probably complex, involving multiple genes. Specific genetic defects have been identified for rate monogenic forms of NIDDM: maturity-onset diabetes of the young, or MODY (which is due to glucokinase mutations in about 40% of families), syndromes of extreme insulin resistance (which often involve the insulin receptor), and diabetes-deafness syndromes (with defects in mitochondrial genes). In contrast, the genes involved in common forms of NIDDM are still uncertain. Mutations have been extensively searched in genes regulating insulin signaling and secretion. Some evidence of involvement has been produced for insulin-receptor substrate-1, glycogen synthase, the glucagon receptor, a ras-related protein (Rad), histocompatibility antigens, PC-1, and fatty acid binding protein, but the contributions of these genes to NIDDM is probably small. Other candidate genes (e.g. insulin, insulin receptor, glucose transporters) have been excluded as major diabetogenes. New insights are expected in the near future from the systematic scanning of the genome for linkage with NIDDM.
T-lymphocyte subsets in human non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type II) studied by two-color flow cytometry.; We report the immunological characteristics of human peripheral T lymphocytes and behavior of PHA-stimulated lymphocytes in Type II diabetes mellitus, investigated two-color flow cytometry. The subsets of Leu11+Leu7+, Leu11-Leu7+ and Leu7+Leu2+ were decreased significantly in peripheral Natural Killer cells. After PHA stimulation the T-cell subsets demonstrated a decrease in the inducer subset and in the cytotoxic subset. The helper cell subset showed a negative regression with HbA1. The cytotoxic cell subset showed a positive regression with HbA1 and also FBS. The CD4/CD8 ratio, and the IL2+Leu2+ subset, showed a negative regressions with HbA1, and the diabetic duration, respectively. Thus, these results are a further demonstration of changes in lymphocytes in NIDDM.
[Insulin resistance and pathogenesis of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (part II)].; A review of the existing views is given, focused on the role of insulin resistance (IR), impaired insulin secretion and reduced suppression of hepatic glucose output and in the pathogenesis of noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Currently, there are two basic theories on the sequence of these defects. Most of the authors suggest that NIDDM is caused primarily by insulin resistance (IR) (which is also considered an earliest detectable defect) with subsequent inability of the pancreas sufficiently compensate for IR. However, some authors suggest that NIDDM results from the abnormal pancreatic beta-cell function (disturbed pulsatility and first-phase of stimulated insulin secretion). These authors consider IR a secondary defect. It seems, that both these theories are well founded. Actually NIDDM is not a single disorder but is rather a syndrome of diverse etiology and pathogenesis. In case of NIDDM with obesity the primary etiopathogenetic role can be rather ascribed to IR. while in non-obese NIDDM subjects the secretory defect is more probable as a primary cause.
Glucose metabolism in incubated human muscle: effect of obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Skeletal muscle contributes significantly to reduced insulin-stimulated glucose disposal in patients with obesity and non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The biochemical basis for insulin resistance is not known but may involve reduced glucose transport and/or a defect in intracellular pathways for glucose disposal. To address this question, we measured basal and insulin-stimulated glucose oxidation, glycogen formation, and nonoxidative glycolysis (lactate and amino acid release) in an incubated muscle preparation from nonobese and morbidly obese patients with and without NIDDM. Pathways of glucose disposal were also determined in muscle of obese NIDDM patients incubated under hyperglycemic (20 mmol/L) conditions, which increases glucose uptake by mass action. Under basal conditions (no insulin present) there were no significant differences in glycogen formation or glucose oxidation between nonobese control, obese nondiabetic, or obese diabetics. Lactate release was significantly higher in obese controls compared to nonobese controls in the basal state at 5 mmol/L glucose (10.2 +/- 2.8 v 24.7 +/- 3.5 nmol/min/g, P < .05). Under maximal insulin-stimulated conditions, rates of glycogen formation, glucose oxidation, and nonoxidized glycolysis increased 1.9-, 2.3-, and 2.2-fold over basal (P < .05) in nonobese controls. By contrast, insulin was ineffective at stimulating significant increases in any metabolic pathway of glucose disposal in muscle of obese or obese NIDDM patients.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Do upper-body and centralized adiposity measure different aspects of regional body-fat distribution? Relationship to non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, lipids, and lipoproteins.; Both central and upper-body adiposity are associated with high rates of type II non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), high triglyceride levels, and low high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels. Previous data have also suggested that central and upper-body adiposity are relatively uncorrelated and hence may measure different aspects of regional body fat distribution. We assessed body mass index (BMI), the ratio of subscapular-to-triceps skinfold (STR), the ratio of waist-to-hip circumference (WHR), lipids, lipoproteins, and glucose tolerance in 738 Mexican Americans (ages 25-64 yr), who participated in the San Antonio Heart Study, a population-based study of diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors. NIDDM was diagnosed according to National Diabetes Data Group criteria. In general, STR and WHR were associated with high NIDDM rates, low HDL cholesterol levels, and high triglyceride levels, although WHR was somewhat more predictive of these than STR. In females, BMI, WHR, and STR all made independent contributions to prediction of NIDDM and HDL cholesterol; in males, WHR and STR both made independent contributions to prediction of triglyceride levels. This suggests that both indices may measure different aspects of body-fat distribution. Investigators should consider measuring both of these indicators of body-fat distribution in studies of diabetes and other cardiovascular risk factors, although if only a single measure is feasible, WHR appears to be preferable.
Insulin binding, internalization, and insulin receptor regulation in fibroblasts from type II, non-insulin-dependent diabetic subjects.; The ability of insulin to bind, internalize, and regulate its own receptor was investigated in cultured human fibroblasts obtained from 8 normal subjects and 8 patients with type II, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The ability of the cells from the two groups to bind insulin was the same, and Scatchard analysis demonstrated identical curvilinear plots. When cells were incubated at 37 degrees C with the lysosomotropic agent, chloroquine, and 125I-insulin, the drug led to a marked, but comparable, increase in cell-associated radioactivity in both control and diabetic fibroblasts (236 and 245% increase, respectively). Insulin pretreatment leads to a loss of insulin receptors in cultured human fibroblasts and preincubation with insulin led to a comparable dose-dependent decrease in subsequent insulin binding in both normal and diabetic fibroblasts. Scatchard analysis demonstrated that this decrease in binding was entirely due to a decrease in receptor number with no change in receptor affinity. These data demonstrate normal insulin binding, insulin internalization, and insulin-mediated receptor loss in fibroblasts from patients with with NIDDM, and these cells are several generations removed form the in vivo milieu. Thus, these results provide direct evidence that the well-known decrease in insulin binding in freshly isolated cells from patients with NIDDM, and these cells are several generations removed from the in vivo milieu. Thus, these results provide direct evidence that the well-known decrease in insulin binding in freshly isolated cells form patients with NIDDM is a reflection of environmental factors rather than an intrinsic (genetic) cellular abnormality.
Elevation of IgA levels in the non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetic patient.; Serum immunoglobulin (G, A, M) levels were performed on 66 patients with non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). When compared with 30 age-matched normal controls and 32 hospitalized controls there was no significant difference between the mean IgG and IgM levels. The IgA levels were significantly higher (P less than 0.005) in the diabetic group when compared with both control groups. This is true regardless of age, sex, duration of disease, and type of treatment (insulin/diet or oral hypoglycemic agents and/or diet). Thirty-six percent of the diabetic patients' IgA levels exceeded the mean +/- 2 SD of the normal control group. There were no significant differences in immunoglobulin levels between insulin-treated and non-insulin-treated diabetic groups. Since diabetic patients may have a number of secondary diseases, attempts were made to correlate the most common of these (acute and/or chronic bacterial infections, hypertension, arteriosclerotic heart disease, and diabetic neuropathy) with elevated IgA levels. Only IgA levels of diabetic patients with infections versus diabetic patients without infections were significantly different (P less than 0.05). However, IgA levels of uninfected diabetic patients remained significantly higher than those of normal controls (P less than 0.005), hospitalized controls (P less than 0.01), and hospitalized controls with bacterial infections (P less than 0.005). Possible reasons for the isolated elevations of IgA are discussed.
Metformin decreases food consumption and induces weight loss in subjects with obesity with type II non-insulin-dependent diabetes.; Metformin often promotes weight loss in patients with obesity with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The mechanism may be attributed to decreased food intake. This study has tested the effect of metformin on satiety and its efficacy in inducing weight loss. Twelve diet-treated NIDDM women with obesity were randomly given two dose levels (850 mg or 1700 mg) of metformin or placebo at 0800 for three consecutive days followed by a meal test on the third day on three occasions using a 3x3 Latin square design. The number of sandwich canapes eaten in three consecutive 10-minute periods beginning at 1400 hours was used to quantitate food intake, and the level of subjective hunger was rated just before the sandwich meal with a linear analogue hunger rating scale at 1400 after a 6-hour fast. The prior administration of metformin produced a reduction in calorie intake after each of the two doses of metformin treatment. The 1700-mg metformin dose had the most marked appetite suppressant action. Similarly, hunger ratings were significantly lowered after metformin, and the effect was most pronounced after the administration of 1700 mg of metformin. To assess the efficacy of metformin in reducing bodyweight, 48 diet-treated NIDDM women with obesity who had failed to lose weight by diet therapy were first placed on a 1200-kcal ADA (American Diabetes Association) diet before being randomized to receive either metformin (850 mg) or placebo twice daily in a double-blind fashion for 24 weeks. A 4-week single-blind placebo lead-in period preceded and a 6-week single-blind placebo period followed the 24-week double-blind treatment period. Subjects treated with metformin continued to lose weight throughout 24 weeks of treatment; their mean maximum weight loss was 8 kg greater than that of the placebo group, with corresponding lower HbA1C and fasting blood glucose levels at the end of the active treatment period. These results indicate that metformin decreases calorie intake in a dose-dependent manner and leads to a reduction in bodyweight in NIDDM patients with obesity.
[Interrelation of visceral fat and muscle mass in non insulin-dependent diabetes (type II): practical implications].; Insulin resistance, which is found in 85-95% of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients, results from three factors: genetic background (which has been widely investigated), nutritional status (mostly obesity and fat distribution) and exercise. Upper body obesity, which can be found in 85% of these subjects, can increase muscular insulin resistance through several mechanisms, the best known being a free fatty acid-induced decrease in intracellular free CoA/acylCoA that inhibits the stimulatory effect of insulin on glycolysis, glucose transport across cell membrane, and glycogen storage. However, muscle insulin resistance in NIDDM exists before adiposity and is likely to induce it. Actually, muscles of subjects at risk for NIDDM exhibit a very early defect in both glycogen storage ability and free fatty acid oxidation capacity that can impair fuel utilization and increase fat storage. Regular exercise induces muscular metabolic changes which can compensate for those diabetogenic defects and thus prove useful in the management of NIDDM. Moreover, exercise has been shown to prevent subjects at risk for NIDDM from developing overt diabetes.
Fluoxetine increases insulin action in obese type II (non-insulin dependent) diabetic patients.; Insulin resistance contributes to the metabolic defects in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Anorectic agents have been shown to improve insulin action in NIDDM, irrespective of weight reduction. In a double-blind placebo-controlled cross-over study, we examined hepatic and peripheral insulin action by the sequential hyperinsulinaemic-euglycaemic clamp technique with infusion of 3-[3H]-glucose in eight obese NIDDM patients and in eight obese non-diabetics, matched for age, sex and body mass index. Body weight was kept constant. After 14 days of fluoxetine, 60 mg daily, in NIDDM half-maximal peripheral glucose uptake was achieved at a lower insulin level than after placebo (ED50pgu: 180.5 +/- 25.8 vs. 225.3 +/- 39.9 mU/l, P < 0.05), but not in non-diabetics (140 +/- 15.3 vs. 135.3 +/- 22.2 mU/l, n.s.). Maximal peripheral glucose uptake (Vmaxpgu) did not change significantly. Multivariate analysis disclosed no differences in the effect of fluoxetine between NIDDM and non-diabetics. When non-diabetics and NIDDM were considered together, only the most insulin-resistant individuals demonstrated a decrease in ED50pgu (P < 0.001). Likewise, only the individuals with the most outspoken hepatic insulin resistance demonstrated a decrease in insulin level, at which hepatic glucose production (HGP) is completely suppressed (HGP0) (P < 0.01). In conclusion, fluoxetine improves peripheral and hepatic insulin action in obese insulin-resistant subjects irrespective of its weight lowering effect.
Relationship between muscle fibre composition, glucose transporter protein 4 and exercise training: possible consequences in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Skeletal muscle is composed of different fibre types, which differ in contractile as well as in metabolic properties. The myosin molecule, which exists in several different isoforms, is of major importance in determining the contractile properties of the muscle cell. The plasticity of skeletal muscle is reflected in this tissue's adaptability to changes in the functional demand. In both rats and humans, a decrease in activity level will in most cases change the muscle fibre composition towards faster myosin isoforms and an increase in activity level (such as seen with exercise training) will induce an increase in slower myosin isoforms. The glucose transporter protein 4 (GLUT4), which is the major insulin regulatable glucose transporter in mammalian skeletal muscle, is found in larger amounts in slow muscle fibres compared with fast muscle fibres. An increase in activity level will increase the GLUT4 protein expression and a decrease in activity level will in most cases decrease GLUT4. Thus, there seems to be some kind of relationship between the muscle fibre type and GLUT4. However, the main factor regulating both the GLUT4 protein expression and the muscle fibre composition seems to be the activity level of the muscle fibre. Patients suffering from non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are insulin resistant in their skeletal muscles but are generally normal when it comes to skeletal muscle fibre composition and the GLUT4 protein expression. There is good evidence that exercise training beneficially impacts on insulin sensitivity in healthy individuals and in patients with type II diabetes. An increase in the GLUT4 protein expression in skeletal muscle may at least partly explain this effect of training.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, nephropathy, and the renin system.; Renal protective effects in diabetic patients. Blocking the renin-angiotensin system slows the progression of nephropathy and end-stage renal disease in diabetes mellitus. While substantial evidence exists for the renal protective effects of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), the role of renin-angiotensin system blockade in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is less clear. The evidence regarding ACE inhibitors has been attained through the traditional channels of evidence-based medicine: observational studies, trials in animal models, preliminary human analyses, and large, randomized trials. While a sound approach, these pathways to elucidating therapeutic effects require the expenditure of substantial time and resources. Accelerated trials with angiotensin II receptor antagonists have relied on the proven effects of ACE inhibitors in the diabetic patient, as well as on pharmacologic principles dictating that renin-angiotensin blockade is more complete when the system is interrupted at the rate-limiting or receptor level. Irbesartan and creatinine clearance in NIDDM patients. The Collaborative Study pilot trial has already shown that the angiotensin II receptor antagonist irbesartan is significantly more effective than the calcium antagonist amlodipine on creatinine clearance in hypertensive NIDDM patients. Subsequent to this trial, a large, randomized study of over 1600 hypertensive patients with NIDDM has been initiated. Other trials have indicated that the response to blocking angiotensin II receptors with irbesartan in patients with NIDDM is substantially larger than it is in healthy humans.
Cardiac complications in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; There is clear evidence of the negative influence of type I or II diabetes non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) on the prevalence, severity, and prognosis of cardiovascular disease. Epidemiologic studies have confirmed the relationship between NIDDM and the occurrence of coronary artery disease (CAD) and cardiac heart failure (CHF). The clinical aspects of NIDDM cardiac complications include a high rate of silent events, which merit an improvement in their diagnosis and treatment. Besides pharmacological therapy, aggressive approaches including percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA), and coronary surgery should be considered for the treatment of stable angina. IN some subgroups, the benefit of surgery has been proven. Available data indicate that diabetes (both type I and II) is a risk factor for an increase in morbidity and mortality following coronary bypass surgery. These data do not differentiate results between type I and type II diabetes. The indications for surgical revascularization are: three-vessel disease, left main artery stenosis, two-vessel disease including proximal left anterior descending artery stenosis, and two-vessel disease with left ventricular dysfunction. For PTCA, diabetes (type I more than type II) renders the technique more difficult and restenosis more frequent. From the results obtained in the general population and from a few specific studies, it is suspected that, in type II diabetes, PTCA and CABG are superior to conventional medical treatment. However, further specific studies on the beneficial effects of PTCA/CABG over optimal medical therapy are needed, at least in some angiographic conditions. Management of the diabetic patient with acute myocardial infarction is for the most part similar to the nondiabetic patient, with certain special considerations. Treatment includes thrombolytic therapy, invasive management, surgery, PTCA, beta blocker use, and aspirin use. Finally, diabetes mellitus is a cause of systolic and diastolic function, leading to clinical signs of CHF. Conventional medical therapy also applies to cardiac failure complicating diabetes. Medical therapy includes as the first line diuretics and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors. We conclude that cardiac care can be improved in diabetic patients. For the time being, the first step is to improve the detection of coronary artery disease. As serious events are more likely to occur in the diabetic population, it would be easier (shorter studies and less patients) to demonstrate the benefit of a selected therapy. Further studies are therefore required. In the meantime, special efforts can be made: (1) prevent the development of coronary artery disease. Preventive measures aimed at the control of risk factors at the individual level must be optimal. What should be promoted is a more global approach to the patient, taking into account all parts of the risk factor profile, in order to amplify the reduction in risk and in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. (2) When CAD is confirmed: the goal is to prevent all major cardiac events: unstable angina, myocardial infarction, sudden death, and CHF secondary to silent ischemic events. This can be achieved through the improvement of the accuracy of noninvasive diagnostic procedures, taking into account the cost of these procedures and the absence of pain perception in diabetic patients.
Lack of interaction between fluvastatin and oral hypoglycemic agents in healthy subjects and in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Human drug interaction studies in vivo are conducted when in vitro and/or animal interactions suggest clinical relevance. Studies in vitro have indicated that the new, entirely synthetic 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitor fluvastatin affects the metabolism of the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug diclofenac and the oral hypoglycemic tolbutamide. Diclofenac and tolbutamide are both model substrates of the CYP2C isozymes, suggesting that this enzyme could be involved in the underlying mechanism of interaction. The concomitant use of lipid-lowering drugs with oral hypoglycemic agents has been recommended in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Therefore, 2 studies were initiated to explore potential pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic interactions between fluvastatin, simvastatin, or placebo and the oral hypoglycemic agents tolbutamide (study I) and glyburide (study II), each in 16 healthy subjects. These compounds were selected because of a demonstrated in vitro interaction with tolbutamide and widespread clinical use of glyburide. A further study (study III) was conducted to investigate the potential pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic interactions between fluvastatin and glyburide under therapeutic conditions in 32 patients with NIDDM. Single and multiple coadministration of fluvastatin 40 mg or simvastatin 20 mg increased the mean maximum plasma concentration and area under the concentration-time curve of glyburide by about 20%. The pharmacokinetics of tolbutamide were influenced to only a minor extent. Fluvastatin concentration-time profiles were unaffected by tolbutamide or glyburide coadministration. However, the pharmacokinetic interactions between fluvastatin or simvastatin and tolbutamide and glyburide were not associated with clinically relevant changes in blood glucose and insulin concentrations and, therefore, are not considered to be relevant in therapeutic practice.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Hyperinsulinemia in offspring of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients: the role played by abnormal clearance of insulin.; Insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia are often found in first-degree relatives of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients, and are currently considered a familial trait of this population at increased risk for diabetes. This study was undertaken to determine the role played by the metabolic clearance rate (MCR) of insulin (MCR-I) in the hyperinsulinism of these subjects. The proband population, consisting of 48 subjects aged 29.2 +/- 4.4 (mean +/- SD) years (18 men and 30 women; body mass index, 24.6 +/- 0.8 kg/m2; fasting plasma glucose, 4.54 +/- 0.37 mmol/L), was assigned in random order to four groups (I, II, III, and IV), each receiving a double insulin/glucose infusion (I, 0.025/2.0; II, 0.050/3.5; III, 0.100/6.0; and IV, 0.200/8.0 U/kg.h and mg/kg.min, respectively) to calculate MCR-I and MCR of glucose (MCR-G). Forty (14 men and 26 women) age- and body mass index-matched healthy individuals served as controls. All subjects had a normal response to an oral glucose tolerance test (75 g) according to World Health Organization criteria. Basal plasma insulin and C-peptide levels in probands were significantly (P < .05) higher than in controls in each study group; similarly, MCR-I was significantly (at least P < .05) lower in probands than in controls in all groups. MCR-G was significantly (at least P < .05) decreased in probands as compared with controls of groups III and IV.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Effect of gemfibrozil on high density lipoprotein subspecies in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. Relations to lipolytic enzymes and to the cholesteryl ester transfer protein activity.; Twenty patients (18 men, 2 women) with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were randomized to receive either gemfibrozil 1200 mg daily or placebo for 3 months in a double-blind study. The effect of gemfibrozil on plasma HDL subfraction distribution was studied with sequential and density gradient ultracentrifugation and in gradient gel electrophoresis. The concentrations of apo A-I, apo A-II, Lp A-I and Lp A-I:A-II particles were measured. Postheparin plasma lipoprotein lipase (LPL) and hepatic lipase (HL) activities and plasma cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) activities were also determined. Gemfibrozil increased the concentration of HDL cholesterol (P < 0.01), which was due to the rise of HDL3 cholesterol (+16%), while in the placebo group these values remained unchanged. Gemfibrozil increased the concentrations of apo A-I(+12.6%, NS), apo A-II (+28.2%, P < 0.01) and Lp A-I:A-II particles (+21.6%, P < 0.06) but there were no changes in the placebo group. Neither gemfibrozil nor placebo had any effect on the concentration of Lp A-I particles. As determined by density-gradient ultracentrifugation, gemfibrozil increased the concentration of cholesterol in the most dense HDL fractions (mean density 1.193 g/ml, +22%, P < 0.05 and mean density 1.158 g/ml, +19.3%, P < 0.05). In gradient gel electrophoresis, the gemfibrozil-induced elevations of the cholesterol and protein were most pronounced in the HDL3a (8.8-8.2 nm) region. Gemfibrozil increased LPL and HL activities by 14.7% (P < 0.05) and by 18.8% (P < 0.01), respectively, while in the placebo group LPL and HL activities remained unchanged. Plasma CETP activity was also increased during gemfibrozil treatment while in the placebo group it remained unchanged. We conclude that gemfibrozil causes multiple changes in plasma HDL metabolism. The gemfibrozil-induced elevation of HDL3 and dense HDL subpopulations may reflect the concerted action of LPL, HL and CETP on plasma HDL metabolism.
Effect of value-added utilities on prescription refill compliance and Medicaid health care expenditures--a study of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; An estimated 20 million Americans suffer from diabetes. Patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) comprise approximately 90% of the diabetic population. An estimated 10-30% of patients with NIDDM withdraw from their prescribed regimen within 1 year of diagnosis, and of the remainder, nearly 20% administer insufficient medication to facilitate an adequate reduction in blood glucose. A randomized trial was undertaken to discern the effect of pharmacy-based value-added utilities on prescription-refill compliance with sulfonylurea therapy and health service utilization. The subjects were 258 Medicaid beneficiaries from the state of South Carolina, previously untreated for NIDDM, prescribed 5 mg of the second-generation sulfonylurea glyburide twice daily, and monitored with regard to prescription-refill compliance and health service utilization for 1 year. Subjects provided informed consent and were randomly assigned to one of four experimental groups: (i) the control cohort received standard pharmaceutical care with each dispensing of glyburide; (ii) the second cohort received standard pharmaceutical care and was mailed a medication-refill reminder 10 days prior to each sequential refill date; (iii) the third cohort received standard pharmaceutical care and was provided unit-of-use packaging with each prescription-refill request; (iv) the fourth cohort received standard pharmaceutical care, mailed medication-refill reminders, and unit-of-use packaging. Analysis of variance (ANOVA) procedures revealed that patients receiving mailed prescription-refill reminders, unit-of-use packaging, or a combination of both interventions achieved a significant (P < or = 0.05) increase in the Medication Possession Ratio (MPR) for sulfonylurea therapy relative to controls.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme Inhibition Delays Onset of Glucosuria With Regression of Renal Injuries in Genetic Rat Model of Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rat is a new genetic model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We investigated whether angiotensin inhibition influences the onset of NIDDM and brings about a regression of renal injury in diabetes mellitus. METHODS AND RESULTS: Six-week-old OLETF rats were treated with the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors imidapril or enalapril for 16 weeks. Systolic blood pressure is increased in an age-dependent manner in OLETF rats. In this study, the elevation in systolic blood pressure was dose-dependently reduced by ACE inhibitor treatment. In OLETF rats, plasma concentrations of insulin and glucose increased and the glucosuria occurred at the age of 22 weeks. Simultaneously, OLETF rats exhibited proteinuria and nodular lesions in glomeruli. The ACE inhibitor treatment almost completely reduced glucosuria, and also decreased plasma concentrations of insulin and glucose in OLETF rats. ACE inhibitor treatment lessened the proteinuria and attenuated morphologically the severity of nodular lesions in OLETF rats. Moreover, increases in plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 (PAI-1) in OLETF rats were reduced by the ACE inhibitor treatment, and the improvement of glomerular lesions was related to decreases of PAI-1 and angiotensin II levels in plasma but not to improvement of glucose metabolism. CONCLUSIONS : ACE inhibitors delay onset of NIDDM with attenuation of kidney injury. The regression of kidney lesions is probably due to angiotensin reductions but not to glucose metabolism per se. ACE inhibitor drug therapy may be useful in preventing NIDDM and the subsequent renal injury in patients with NIDDM.
Suicide by combined insulin and glipizide overdose in a non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus physician: a case report.; A case of self-injected insulin intoxication with an oral hypoglycaemic agent glipizide overdose in a type-II/non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) individual, a physician by profession, is presented with a review of the literature. The case demonstrates the need for thorough scene investigation, perusal of clinical details and complete autopsy to certify the death caused by combined insulin and glipizide overdose, and the manner of death. A meticulous search in the English literature reveals that hardly any fatal cases of combined insulin and glipizide overdose have been reported, with almost no cases from India, thus making this case report relevant and unique.
Effect of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus on pulmonary function and exercise tolerance in chronic congestive heart failure.; In chronic congestive heart failure (CHF), backward effects of left ventricular dysfunction alter pulmonary volumes and gas diffusion. Some of these disorders are detected in some patients with diabetes mellitus, possibly due to a microangiopathic process and nonenzymatic glycosylation of lung tissue proteins. We explored the possibility that coexistence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) may potentiate the deterioration of lung function in CHF. In 20 normoglycemic patients (group 1) and in 20 patients with NIDDM (group 2), with New York Heart Association class II to III CHF due to idiopathic or ischemic cardiac disease, and in 20 controls (groups were age- and gender-matched), we investigated cardiac function, pulmonary volumes, carbon monoxide diffusion (DL(CO)) and its alveolar-capillary membrane (D(M)) subcomponent, oxygen uptake and dead space-to-tidal volume ratio (pVD/VT) at peak exercise (individualized ramp test), and slope of ventilation-to-carbon dioxide production ratio (VE/VCO(2)) during exercise. Although, compared with reference subjects, both patient groups had similar variations in left ventricular diastolic volume, ejection fraction, and pulmonary wedge pressure; in group 2 lung volumes, DL(CO), D(M), and oxygen uptake were significantly more reduced; in this group there was no overlap of individual results of DL(CO) and D(M) with those in controls; VE/VCO(2) slope and pVD/VT also were significantly increased, and inversely correlated with D(M). Thus, coexistence of NIDDM makes pulmonary dysfunction worse in CHF, and significantly enhances exercise intolerance.
A study of factors related to the incidence of cataract in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; PURPOSE: To investigate the factors related to the development of cataract in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus(NIDDM)., METHODS: 792 NIDDM patients received ophthalmologic examinations including visual acuity, external status of the eyes, slit lamp microscopy and ophthalmoscopy. Glucose, urea nitrogen(BUN), creatinine(Cr), urine acid(UA), N-acetyl-beta 2-D-glucosaminidase (NAG), beta 2-microglobulin(beta 2-MG) and serum albumin in blood were quantitatively tested. Glucose, pH value, protein, cells, cast and ketobodies in urine were assayed. Diagnosis of cataract was based on lens opacities classification system II. Any patient meeting "NII", "CII" or "PII" level was diagnosed as cataract., RESULTS: The incidence of cataract in this group of NIDDM was 62.37% (494/792), which significantly related to the duration of the disease course, but not to the sex of the patient. The occurrence rate of cataract in patients suffering from NIDDM of less than five years duration, from five to ten years, and more than ten years was 49.67% (228/459), 71.84% (125/174), and 88.68% (141/159), respectively. The occurrence of cataract in patients diagnosed of the disease from five to ten years and more than ten years was much higher than that of those with the course of the disease less than five years(P < 0.05 and P < 0.001, respectively). Rising concentrations of blood urea nitrogen, creatinine, glycosylated hemoglobin HbA1c(G-HbA1c), N-acetyl-beta 2-D-glucosaminidase(NAG) and beta 2-microglobulin(beta 2-MG) indicated malfunction of the kidneys, and the rate of cataract occurrence in these patients was higher., CONCLUSION: This study indicates that prolongation of the duration of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, renal dysfunction, as well as poor blood glucose control, may accelerate the development of cataract.
[Nutritional and metabolic status and dietetic evaluation in institutionalized elderly patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate nutritional status and blood glucose level according to type of diet followed by elderly (> 65 years old) institutionalised patients with non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: A data collection questionnaire was administered to the staff of 80 Spanish geriatric facilities participating in this one-day cross-sectional study. Data collected included: age, gender, history of previous glucose control, type of antidiabetic treatment, body mass index (BMI), nutritional risk index (NRI), type of diet with patient's preference, nutritional status evaluation and biochemical parameters., RESULTS: Data from a total of 486 institutionalised elderly people (66.5% female) were collected with a mean +/- SD age of 80.8 +/- 7.5. Had a diabetic diet 93.3% of patients with no gender differences 55.7% were on oral antidiabetic treatment (53.9% females and 58.9% males, ns) and 24.7% on insulin therapy (24.5% females and 26.4% males, ns). Physical activity was presented in 86% of people with no gender differences. Exercise was practiced by people younger, 78.8 +/- 7.9 years, versus walking, 80.4 +/- 7.6 years or resting 82.1 +/- 7.3 years, p < 0.05. Both nutritional indexes, BMI and NRI, were equivalent in men and in women; 28.5 +/- 10.7 vs 28.1 +/- 7.6 and 103.5 +/- 12.9 vs 104.1 +/- 11.4, respectively. History glucose control was good in 68.8% of the sample with a trend towards significance between sexes (62.7% males, 71.7% females, p = 0.07) and significant differences according to type of diet; 70.7% diabetic versus 37.0% free diet, p = 0.0006). Eating behaviors (appetite and meal completeness) were similar in both males and females and in diabetic or free diet groups. Also, no differences were observed in patient preferences about diet according to type of diet (71% of diabetic patients always or almost always liked their food versus 82% of free diet patients) and either nutritional status (9.3% vs 15.6% in status I, 10.9% vs 12.5% in level II and 79.9% vs 71.9% in status III, respectively). The NRI, cholesterol, albumin and triglyceride levels were significantly higher in patients with high fat rate supplemented dietary intake than other supplemented diets., CONCLUSIONS: A high proportion of patients on a diabetic diet was observed in this study with no gender differences. Elderly NIDDM institutionalised patients on a diabetic diet showed a greater good history glucose control than patients on a free diet. Diabetic diet preference by these subjects is similar than free diet. A better nutritional risk control was shown in patients with high fat rate supplemented diet.
[Association between insertion-deletion polymorphism of the angiotensin-converting enzyme gene and development of angiopathies in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus from the Chuvash Republic].; Insertion/deletion polymorphism of the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) gene was analyzed in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and in the control group consisting of healthy subjects. The insertion allele (I) and genotype II were found to be associated with NIDDM. The frequencies of diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy in NIDDM patients were not associated with this polymorphism. However, an association was found between the DD genotype of the ACE gene and diabetic angiopathy in lower extremities.
Inefficiency of insulin therapy to correct apolipoprotein A-I metabolic abnormalities in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is associated with low high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and apoA-I, related to an increased apoA-I fractional catabolic rate. This stable isotope kinetic experiment, using L-[1-(13)C] leucine, was designed to study the effect of insulin therapy on HDL apoA-I and A-II metabolism in poorly controlled NIDDM patients. A kinetic study was performed in five control subjects and in six NIDDM patients before and two months after the introduction of insulin therapy. ApoA-I and A-II were modelled using a monoexponential function. Insulin treatment was able to correct neither the low HDL apoA-I concentration observed in NIDDM patients (1.14+/-0.19 vs. 1.16+/-0. 12 g l(-1) (controls: 1.33+/-0.14)), nor the HDL apoA-I hypercatabolism (0.39+/-0.11 vs. 0.34+/-0.05 pool d(-1), (controls: 0.23+/-0.01, P< 0.01)). HDL apoA-I production rate was increased in NIDDM patients compared to control subjects and was not modified by insulin (0.45+/-0.12 vs. 0.39+/-0.08 g d(-1) l(-1), (controls: 0. 31+/-0.04, P< 0.05)). HDL apoA-II kinetic parameters were initially not significantly different between NIDDM patients and control subjects, and were not modified by insulin. The decreased insulin sensitivity, assessed by the insulin suppressive test, was not modified by insulin therapy in NIDDM patients. HDL apoA-I fractional catabolic rate was significantly correlated to HDL triglyceride/cholesteryl ester and triglyceride/protein ratios, which were significantly higher in NIDDM patients than in controls and were not modified by insulin therapy. The persistence of insulin resistance and of high neutral lipid exchanges between triglyceride rich lipoproteins and HDL in insulin-treated NIDDM patients probably explain the inefficiency of insulin therapy to correct HDL apoA-I metabolic abnormalities.
Roles of hepatic lipase and cholesteryl ester transfer protein in determining low density lipoprotein subfraction distribution in Chinese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are known to have abnormalities in their low density lipoprotein (LDL) subclass pattern with a preponderance of small dense LDL. The present study was performed to define the roles of lipolytic enzymes (hepatic and lipoprotein lipase) and cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) in determining the distribution of LDL subfractions in these patients. LDL subfractions were measured by density gradient ultracentrifugation in 137 patients with NIDDM (75 male, 62 female) and 140 matched controls (80 male, 60 female). The male diabetic patients had a lower concentration of LDL-I (P < 0.01) and a higher concentration of LDL-III than the controls (P < 0.01). In the female diabetic patients, both LDL-I (P < 0.001) and LDL-II concentrations (P < 0.05) were significantly lower than the controls whereas LDL-III was increased (P < 0.001). Hepatic lipase (HL) was significantly increased in both the male and female diabetic patients (P < 0.01, P < 0.05, respectively) compared to their controls. No significant changes were seen in plasma lipoprotein lipase (LPL) and CETP activity. On multivariate analysis, plasma triglyceride (TG), CETP and HL accounted for 10, 5 and 3% of the variability in LDL-III, respectively, in the diabetic patients (adjusted R2 = 0.18, P = 0.0003). Our findings would support the hypothesis that plasma triglyceride influences LDL particles through a cycle of lipid exchange via the action of CETP. LDL become enriched in triglyceride and are then acted on by HL to produce a population of small dense lipid-poor LDL.
Sodium fluorescein influence on the hemorheological profile of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus patients.; Sodium fluorescein angiography is a widely used technology in ophthalmology, which allows us to visualise the chorioretinal microcirculation. Previous reports showed a prolongation of the retinal circulation time along with erythrocyte hyperaggregation and a decrease of erythrocyte acetylcholinesterase activity and a possible interference with the erythrocyte's membrane fluidity. The aim of the present work is to investigate the influence of sodium fluorescein on the hemorheological profile of a group of 23 non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients undergoing routine retinal angiography. Thirty minutes after the endovenous administration of the fluorescein there was: (I) an increase of whole blood viscosity (p = 0.015), erythrocyte elongation index (EEI, p < 0.05), whole blood pH (p < 0.001), methemoglobin (p < 0.001) and carboxyhemoglobin (p < 0.001) concentrations; (II) no variation of plasma osmolality and erythrocyte aggregation index (EAI); (III) a decrease of the erythrocyte acetylcholinesterase activity, p < 001; (IV) no variation in membrane lipid fluidity, although 1,6-diphenyl-1,3,5-hexatriene (DPH) correlated directly with the EEI, while 1,4-trimethyl-phenyl-1,3,5-hexatriene (TMA-DPH) and EAI correlated inversely, suggesting that the decreasing EEI (lower erythrocyte deformablity) might be associated with an increased rigidity of the external polar region and fluidification of the hydrophobic region of the erythrocyte membrane, with an increasing EAI. In conclusion, the endovenous administration of sodium fluorescein in NIDDM patients during the retinal angiography procedure interferes with the erythrocyte membrane and possibly with the microcirculatory blood flow.
The 5-HT2 receptor antagonist sarpogrelate reduces urinary and plasma levels of thromboxane A2 and urinary albumin excretion in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.; 1. Therapeutic effects of a 5-HT2 receptor antagonist sarpogrelate on microalbuminuria and thromboxane (TX)A2 biosynthesis were examined in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. 2. In protocol I, the ankle-brachial pressure index (API; an indicator of peripheral blood flow) and urinary albumin excretion (UalbV; an indicator of renal function) were determined in 42 NIDDM patients who had been treated with 300 mg/day sarpogrelate for 8 weeks. In an analysis of the results, the NIDDM patients were divided into four groups based on the severity of either vasculopathy or nephropathy as follows: group A, API < 0.9, UalbV > or = 100 mg/day; group B, API < 0.9, UalbV < 100 mg/day; group CAPI > or = 0.9, UalbV > or = 100 mg/day; and group D, API > or = 0.9, UalbV < 100 mg/day. 3. In protocol II, 10 NIDDM patients with UalbV values > 100 mg/day were divided into two groups to further confirm the effect of sarpogrelate on albuminuria: group E, the sarpogrelate treatment group (n = 5); and group F, the no treatment group (n = 5). 4. In protocol I, the incidence of a cold sensation in the lower extremities was reduced from 45.2 to 21.4% following sarpogrelate treatment. In patients with UalbV > or = 100 mg/day (groups A and C), UalbV was significantly decreased independent of API, while it did not change in patients with UalbV < 100 mg/day (groups B and D). Plasma TXB2 levels were significantly decreased following sarpogrelate treatment, whereas plasma 6-keto-prostaglandin F1 alpha levels were not. 5. In protocol II, in the sarpogrelate treatment group (group E), albuminuria was significantly improved and both plasma levels TXB2 and urinary TXB2 excretion were significantly decreased. In contrast, in the untreated group (group F), neither plasma levels TXB2 nor urinary TXB2 excretion was changed. 6. In conclusion, microalbuminuria was improved by treatment with the 5-HT2 receptor antagonist sarpogrelate independent of latent vasculopathy. Blockade of 5-HT2 receptors is suggested to be beneficial for the treatment of nephropathy in NIDDM patients. It is possible that the inhibition of TXA2 biosynthesis is involved in the therapeutic effect of 5-HT2 receptor antagonists.
Silent myocardial ischaemia in patients with essential arterial hypertension and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; The concomitant presence of diabetes mellitus and arterial hypertension significantly impairs myocardial function through a direct negative effect on cardiac myocytes, coronary microvessels and precipitation of atherosclerosis in major coronary arteries. The purpose of the present study was to establish to what extent non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) modified silent myocardial ischaemia (SMI) in patients with essential hypertension and without documented coronary artery disease (CAD). The study population consisted of 41 patients with essential arterial hypertension associated with NIDDM, treated with diet and oral hypoglycaemic agents (group I) and 40 patients with essential arterial hypertension without diabetes mellitus (group II). Both groups were comparable with respect to age, gender, duration, severity and complications of hypertension. A mean duration of diabetes mellitus in group I was 6.8 years. Conventional and automatic blood pressure and heart rate measurements, continuous ECG recordings, echocardiograms and laboratory tests were obtained in all patients. SMI was more frequent in group I than in group II (29.3% vs 12.5%, P < 0.05). In group I the total duration of SMI was longer (37.3 vs 2.8 min, P < 0.001) and the total number of silent episodes was larger (15.5 vs 2.6, P < 0.001). No inter-group differences were seen in conventional and automatic blood pressure and heart rate measurements. Both groups did not differ significantly in left ventricular mass index (LVMI) or the proportion of patients with left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) (75.6% vs 60%). Lipid profile in both groups indicated an increased risk of CAD, but without significant differences. In conclusion, in patients with essential arterial hypertension and diabetes mellitus, the incidence and severity of SMI were clearly higher than in hypertensives with normal carbohydrate metabolism. Employment of modern diagnostic techniques in hypertensives permits identification of those at greater risk, which may have further clinical implications.
Improvement of P300 latency by treatment in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; P300 event-related potentials were investigated in 24 cases of non-insulin-dependent (Type II) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) without apparent central nervous system (CNS) symptoms and without cerebrovascular diseases on head magnetic resonance imaging, and in 16 age-matched healthy control subjects. N200 and P300 latencies were significantly prolonged and N200 and P300 amplitudes were significantly smaller in the NIDDM group than in the healthy control group. P300 latency was significantly shorter after the treatment than before. N200 and P300 waves have been recognized as useful indicators of cognitive function. The present study suggests that cognitive function is impaired in NIDDM patients and may improve with treatment of hyperglycemia.
Plasma endothelin-1 concentrations in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and nondiabetic patients with chronic arterial obstructive disease of the lower limbs.; BACKGROUND: Endothelin-1 (ET-1), a vasoconstrictor and mitogenic endothelium-derived peptide, has been considered as a marker for endothelial damage and potential contributor to the development of the atherogenic process., METHODS: To evaluate the pattern of plasma ET-1 secretion in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and nondiabetic patients with chronic arterial obstructive disease (CAOD) of the lower limbs, plasma levels of ET-1 were determined in 12 NIDDM patients (10 men and 2 women; mean age 63+/-8 years) with CAOD of the lower limbs at Fontaine stage II and in 12 nondiabetic patients (11 men and 1 woman; mean age 62+/-4 years) with comparable arteriopathy. Ten normal subjects comprised the control population., RESULTS: The plasma levels of ET-1 in NIDDM patients with CAOD of the lower limbs were 5.7+/-0.3 pmol/L, which represented a significant (p<0.001) difference from the values in nondiabetic patients with comparable arteriopathy (4.1+/-0.6 pmol/L) and those in the control group (2.7+/-0.7 pmol/L). Plasma levels of ET-1 showed a significant (p<0.0001) positive correlation with the levels of fasting insulin in NIDDM patients with CAOD of the lower limbs. Increased plasma ET-1 could reflect a major and/or more diffuse endothelial cell damage or dysfunction in NIDDM than in nondiabetic patients with comparable CAOD of the lower limbs. Augmented mitogenic ET-1 levels could also have a role both in diabetic and nondiabetic angiopathy., CONCLUSIONS: The positive correlation between ET-1 plasma levels and fasting insulin levels in NIDDM patients with CAOD of the lower limbs suggests that the increased ET-1 release could be related to the augmented insulin secretion in these patients. Insulin-related overproduction of ET-1 could promote the atherogenic process and enhance the vascular tone to a greater extent in NIDDM than in nondiabetic patients with CAOD of the lower limbs.
The effect of glucose and glucagon-like peptide-1 stimulation on insulin release in the perfused pancreas in a non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus animal model.; This study was designed to investigate the effect of glucogon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) on pancreatic beta-cell function in normal, Zucker diabetic fatty (ZDF) rats, a model for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM or type II diabetes) and their heterozygous siblings. Pancreas perfusion and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) were used to detect the changes in insulin release under fasting and hyperglycemic conditions and following stimulation with GLP-1. Animals from the ZDF/Gmi-fa rats (ZDF) were grouped according to age, sex, and phenotype (obese or lean), and compared with LA lean rats. Glucose stimulation (10 mmol/L) in obese rats showed repressed response in insulin release. Glucose plus GLP-1 stimulation caused increased insulin release in all groups. The degree of this response differed between groups: lean > obese; young > adult; female > male. The LA lean control group was most sensitive, while the ZDF overtly diabetic group had the lowest response. In addition, the pulsatile pattern of insulin secretion was suppressed in ZDF rats, especially in obese groups. These results support the hypothesis that GLP-1 can effectively stimulate insulin secretion. Insulin release was defective in ZDF obese rats and could be partially restored with GLP-1. ZDF lean rats also showed suppression of beta-cell function and there was a difference in beta-cell function related to sex in ZDF strain. This study documents the efficacy of GLP-1 to stimulate insulin release and contributes to our understanding of the pathophysiological mechanisms underlying NIDDM.
Rate of gastric emptying is a determinant of postprandial hypotension in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; 1. Postprandial hypotension is now recognized as an important clinical problem, particularly in the elderly and in patients with autonomic dysfunction. The mechanisms responsible are poorly understood; however, impaired regulation of splanchnic blood flow and the release of gastrointestinal hormones appear to be important. The effect of gastric emptying on the magnitude of the postprandial fall in blood pressure has not been evaluated. 2. The aim of this study was to determine whether there is a relationship between changes in blood pressure and the rate of gastric emptying after ingestion of 75 g of glucose in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and both young and older normal subjects. Sixteen patients with recently diagnosed NIDDM, median age 57 (39-79) years, 10 'young' subjects with a median age of 23 (19-26) years and nine 'older' subjects, median age 48 (40-68) years, were measured simultaneously for gastric emptying of 75 g of glucose in 350 ml of water blood pressure and blood glucose concentrations, commencing at approximately 10.00 hours after an overnight fast. Measurements of blood pressure were made in the sitting position immediately before glucose ingestion and at 15 min intervals up to 180 min. 3. Gastric emptying of glucose was not significantly different between the three groups [50% emptying time (T50): 95 +/- 7.3 min in patients with NIDDM compared with 120 +/- 13.2 min in the 'young' group and 97 +/- 8.1 min in the 'older' group]. There was a significant fall in mean blood pressure after the glucose load in the patients with NIDDM (P < 0.0001) and the 'older' normal subjects (P < 0.05), but not the 'young' normal subjects. Postprandial hypotension (fall in systolic blood pressure > or = 20 mmHg) was evident in seven (44%) patients with NIDDM and three (33%) 'older' normal subjects. The area under the change in mean blood pressure curve was related significantly to the gastric emptying T50 (r = 0.67, P < 0.005) in the patients with NIDDM, but not in either control group. 4. In conclusion, in patients with recently diagnosed NIDDM the fall in blood pressure after an oral glucose load is (i) greater than in both young and older normal subjects and (ii) related to the rate of gastric emptying.
Angiotensin converting enzyme gene polymorphism in healthy Thais and patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Insertion/deletion (I/D) polymorphism of the angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) gene has been shown to be associated with various cardiovascular disorders in diabetic and non-diabetic patients. Its association with the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has been raised. This study was aimed to examine I/D polymorphism of ACE gene in healthy Thai subjects and patients with NIDDM. The I/D ACE genotypes were determined by polymerase chain reaction technique. Healthy unrelated subjects were 151 males and 147 females, 17-70 year old (mean +/- SD = 37.5 +/- 10.4). The unrelated diabetic patients were 42 males and 66 females, 20-79 years of age (mean +/- SD = 54.7 +/- 12.0). In healthy subjects, the ACE genotypes were DD 10.1 per cent, ID 39.2 per cent and II 50.7 per cent. Diabetic patients had similar distribution of ACE genotypes. The frequency of I and D alleles in diabetic patients was 0.69 and 0.31, similar to 0.70 and 0.30, respectively, in healthy subjects (p = 0.69). The frequency of I and D alleles in healthy Thai subjects was similar to the Japanese (I = 0.66 & D = 0.34) but different from Caucasians (I = 0.44-0.46 & D = 0.54-0.56). We conclude that I/D ACE gene polymorphisms may possess a racial difference. The similar frequency of both alleles in diabetic patients and healthy subjects suggests that there is no association between I/D polymorphism of ACE gene and diabetes mellitus in Thai individuals.
Irbesartan lowers blood pressure and ameliorates renal injury in experimental non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; In the present study, we investigated the effects of the angiotensin (Ang) II receptor antagonist, irbesartan, on blood pressure and renal structural injury in obese Zucker rats (OZR), an experimental model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Twenty-six-week-old OZR with established renal disease were administered either low-dose (15 mg/kg) or high-dose (50 mg/kg) irbesartan in the drinking water for a period of 18 weeks. Irbesartan caused dose-related reductions in blood pressure, and reduced by 47 to 60% the percent of glomeruli with sclerosis at 44 weeks of age (P < 0.05). In addition, irbesartan at the higher dose reduced the tubulointerstitial injury score at 44 weeks by approximately 75% (P < 0.05). By contrast, irbesartan did not significantly reduce albuminuria in OZR. The results of the present study demonstrate that the Ang II receptor antagonist irbesartan can reduce blood pressure and ameliorate glomerular and tubulointerstitial injury in an experimental model of NIDDM.
Reduced myocardial flow reserve in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: We analyzed myocardial flow reserve (MFR) in patients with non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) without symptoms and signs of ischemia., BACKGROUND: Diminished MFR in diabetes has been suggested. However, it remains controversial whether MFR is related to glycemic control, mode of therapy or gender in NIDDM., METHODS: Myocardial blood flow (MBF) was measured at baseline and during dipyridamole loading in 25 asymptomatic, normotensive, normocholesterolemic patients with NIDDM and 12 age-matched control subjects by means of positron emission tomography and nitrogen-13 ammonia, after which MFR was calculated., RESULTS: Baseline MBF in patients with NIDDM ([mean +/- SD] 74.0 +/- 24.0 ml/min per 100 g body weight) was comparable to that in control subjects (73.0 +/- 17.0 ml/min per 100 g). However, MBF during dipyridamole loading was significantly lower in patients with NIDDM (184 +/- 99.0 ml/min per 100 g, p < 0.01) than in control subjects (262 +/- 120 ml/min per 100 g), as was MFR (NIDDM: 2.77 +/- 0.85; control subjects: 3.8 +/- 1.0, p < 0.01). A significantly decreased MFR was seen in men (2.35 +/- 0.84) compared with women with NIDDM (3.18 +/- 0.79, p < 0.05); however, no significant differences were found in terms of age, hemoglobin a1c and baseline MBF. MFR was comparable between the diet (2.78 +/- 0.80) and medication therapy groups (2.76 +/- 0.77) and was inversely correlated with average hemoglobin A1c for 5 years (r = -0.55, p < 0.01) and fasting plasma glucose concentration (r = -0.57, p < 0.01) but not age or lipid fractions., CONCLUSIONS: Glycemic control and gender, rather than mode of therapy, is related to MFR in NIDDM.
Microalbuminuria as a predictor of a drop in glomerular filtration rate in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and hypertension.; UNLABELLED: Hypertension and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are two major risk factors for end-stage renal failure. The value of microalbuminuria (urinary albumin excretion [UAE]: 30-300 mg/24 h) as an indicator of the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) is not known in these patients., METHODS: The relationships between microalbuminuria and GFR in subjects with NIDDM and hypertension were studied cross-sectionally (Study I) and longitudinally (Study II)., RESULTS: In study I, 205 NIDDM subjects with hypertension (151 with normoalbuminuria [UAE < 30 mg/24 h] and 54 with microalbuminuria) were studied. The GFR of subjects with normoalbuminuria (97 +/- 30 ml/min) (mean +/- SD), and microalbuminuria (97 +/- 27 ml/min; NS) were similar. Study II examined 51 of the subjects with normoalbuminuria and 21 with microalbuminuria 22 months (range 13-57) later. The GFR of subjects with microalbuminuria (-10 +/- 19 ml/min) declined more than in those with normoalbuminuria (+4 +/- 17 ml/min; Student's t-test: p = 0.0022). The predictive value of microalbuminuria for a drop in GFR was independent of the antihypertensive treatment used, the follow-up time, or changes in UAE. The only variable linked to GFR loss in subjects with microalbuminuria was an increase in diastolic blood pressure (p = 0.0298)., CONCLUSION: Microalbuminuria is a risk factor for a drop in GRF in NIDDM subjects with hypertension, and a reduction in blood pressure is the only effective way to prevent a loss of GFR in subjects with microalbuminuria.
Congestive heart failure predicts the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the elderly. The Osservatorio Geriatrico Regione Campania Group.; Congestive heart failure (CHF) is an insulin-resistant state which constitutes the main risk factor for the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Our study investigated the predictive role of CHF on the development of NIDDM in 1,339 elderly subjects with a mean ( +/- SD) age of 74.2 +/- 6.4 years. CHF had a 9.5% prevalence, and 14.7% of the subjects had NIDDM. After stratification by age, subjects between 80 and 84 years had the highest prevalence of CHF and a total of 29.6% of CHF patients had NIDDM. In multiple logistic regression analysis, CHF was associated with NIDDM [odds ration (OR) = 2.0, 95% confidence interval (CI) - 1.6-2.5] independent of age, sex, family history of diabetes, body mass index, (BMI), waist/hip ratio, and diastolic blood pressure. When only untreated CHF patients were taken into account, the association between CHF and NIDDM was even stronger (OR = 4.0, 95% CI = 3.4-5.8). When untreated CHF patients were grouped into those with low (I and II) and high (III and IV) New York Heart Association (NYHA) classes, the association of CHF and NIDDM was stronger with the worsening of CHF. In a longitudinal study, CHF predicted NIDDM independently of age, sex, family history of diabetes, BMI, waist/hip ratio, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and therapy for CHF (OR = 1.4, 95% CI = 1.1-1.8). CHF was associated with a higher prevalence of NIDDM and was a risk factor for its development. Elevated FFA concentrations may play a pivotal role.
Genetic studies of the renin-angiotensin system in arterial hypertension associated with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether angiotensinogen (AGT) and angiotensin II type 1 (AT1) receptor genes contribute to the development of arterial hypertension in members of French Caucasian families and in subjects with hypertension associated with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: Sibpair linkage analyses were performed with microsatellites near the AGT and AT1 receptor genes in 179 hypertensive sibpairs from 69 NIDDM kindreds. In addition, population/association studies were performed with the M235T and T174M polymorphisms of the AGT gene, and the A1166C polymorphism of the AT1 receptor gene., RESULTS: No evidence for linkage between the AGT and AT1 receptor loci and hypertension was observed. In addition, the distributions of genotypes of AGT and AT1 receptor gene polymorphisms did not differ significantly among a group of unrelated individuals with both hypertension and NIDDM (n = 188) and three groups of unrelated control subjects with NIDDM (n = 117), hypertension (n = 75) or none of these conditions (n = 125)., CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that the AGT and AT1 receptor genes are not major genetic determinants of hypertension associated with NIDDM in this population, although we can not exclude the possibility that these loci make a minor contribution in a polygenic context.
Quality of life and social environment as reported by Chinese immigrants with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has been associated with stressful events such as immigration. The purpose of this paper is to report a pilot study that tested translated and back-translated instruments to ascertain factors related to diabetes management in a group of Chinese immigrants with diabetes. The descriptive, cross-sectional design included a convenience sample of 30 Chinese immigrants who had been diagnosed with NIDDM for at least 1 year. Consenting participants completed paper- and-pencil questionnaires (Diabetes Family-Behavior Checklist II, Diabetes Quality of Life, and MDRTC Knowledge Test) that had been translated and back-translated into Chinese and returned them in stamped, self-addressed envelopes. Results indicated that most of the scale and subscale reliabilities were similar to those published previously. Study participants had received limited diabetes education, reported many problems managing diabetes, especially in terms of social and vocational issues, and reported dissatisfaction with their quality of life. Diabetes-related family supportive behaviors were rated positively indicating the importance of including family members in educational programs.
Low prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in indigenous communities of Durango, Mexico.; To determine the prevalence and associated risk factors of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in inhabitants of traditional indigenous communities from Durango, Mexico, a transversal descriptive study was conducted. Tepehuano, Huichol and Mexicanero tribe members without racial admixture and a minimal Western influence on lifestyle were studied. One hundred and ninety-three subjects were included, this figure corresponding to approximately 20% of subjects aged from 30 to 64 years of the target population. Glycemia was determined in capillary blood after an overnight fast of 10-12 h, and 2 h after a 75 g oral glucose load using a Glucometer II device; NIDDM diagnosis was established according to the WHO criteria. Personal risk factors of NIDDM were determined. The average glucose level was 87.5 +/- 19.3 mg/dl. There were no NIDDM cases, hence the prevalence was 0.0%. The personal risk factors profile for NIDDM were as follows: 0.0% of cases with family history of NIDDM and with residency in urban areas > 40% of their lifetime, 7.2% of obese subjects and 15.5% of subjects with alcohol intake > or = 8 g/day. The absence of NIDDM suggests that this disease may be rare in traditional indigenous communities of Mexico and may be associated with less exposure to risk factors or genetic differences.
Indication for genetic linkage of the phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PCK1) gene region on chromosome 20q to non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; There is strong evidence that non-insulin-dependent-diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has a polygenic mode of inheritance. Nevertheless, major gene effects may be involved in its pathogenesis, especially in forms with an early age of onset. We performed linkage analyses between 4 candidate genes for insulin resistance and NIDDM in a set of 55 multigenerational French Caucasian families, using the affected sib-pair approach. No significant results were obtained with glycogen synthase (GSY), insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1) and apolipoprotein C-II (APOC-II) genes. However, a significant trend towards linkage was found between NIDDM and the phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase gene (PCK1) located on chromosome 20q (p = 0.005 for the mean estimated proportion of alleles shared identically by descent, mean IBD = 0.55), particularly among sib-pairs with diabetes diagnosed before the age of 46 years (p = 0.0003, mean IBD = 0.66). These results suggest that the PCK1 gene or a nearby locus contributes to the development of NIDDM in the French population.
The effect of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and obesity on glucose transport and phosphorylation in skeletal muscle.; Defects of glucose transport and phosphorylation may underlie insulin resistance in obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). To test this hypothesis, dynamic imaging of 18F-2-deoxy-glucose uptake into midthigh muscle was performed using positron emission tomography during basal and insulin-stimulated conditions (40 mU/m2 per min), in eight lean nondiabetic, eight obese nondiabetic, and eight obese subjects with NIDDM. In additional studies, vastus lateralis muscle was obtained by percutaneous biopsy during basal and insulin-stimulated conditions for assay of hexokinase and citrate synthase, and for immunohistochemical labeling of Glut 4. Quantitative confocal laser scanning microscopy was used to ascertain Glut 4 at the sarcolemma as an index of insulin-regulated translocation. In lean individuals, insulin stimulated a 10-fold increase of 2-deoxy-2[18F]fluoro-D-glucose (FDG) clearance into muscle and significant increases in the rate constants for inward transport and phosphorylation of FDG. In obese individuals, the rate constant for inward transport of glucose was not increased by insulin infusion and did not differ from values in NIDDM. Insulin stimulation of the rate constant for glucose phosphorylation was similar in obese and lean subjects but reduced in NIDDM. Insulin increased by nearly twofold the number and area of sites labeling for Glut 4 at the sarcolemma in lean volunteers, but in obese and NIDDM subjects translocation of Glut 4 was attenuated. Activities of skeletal muscle HK I and II were similar in lean, obese and NIDDM subjects. These in vivo and ex vivo assessments indicate that impaired glucose transport plays a key role in insulin resistance of NIDDM and obesity and that an additional impairment of glucose phosphorylation is evident in the insulin resistance of NIDDM.
Effect of aging on intracellular divalent cation metabolism: a link to the increased incidence of hypertension and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in the elderly?.; Aging is epidemiologically linked to an increased incidence of hypertension, impaired glucose tolerance and overt non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus type II (NIDDM). The cellular basis underlying this clinical and epidemiological linkage, cytosolic free calcium (Ca(2+)(i)) and cytosolic free magnesium (Mg(2+)(i)) levels were investigated in elderly subjects and in subjects with essential hypertension (EH) and metabolic diseases. It has been observed that normal aging, as well as hypertension and NIDDM, is characterized by elevated Ca(2+)(i) and suppressed Mg(2+)(i) levels. Furthermore, the divalent ionic defect displayed in EH and NIDDM resembled the normal aging process, i.e., ionic levels in both young and elderly subjects with EH or NIDDM were indistinguishable from those in healthy elderly subjects. The ionic levels predict quantitatively also the extent of elevated blood pressure, and hyperinsulinemic response to oral glucose challenge. Altogether, we suggest that the missing link, responsible for the frequent and increasing clinical coexistence of hypertension, insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance, and NIDDM with age, may be ionic in nature, and intrinsic to the normal aging process in Western man.
Effects of long-term cilazapril treatment on glucose and lipid metabolism in hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The effects of long-term cilazapril treatment on glucose and lipid metabolism were assessed in 25 hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Patients were treated with 0.5 to 1 mg of cilazapril once daily or a combination of cilazapril and other antihypertensive drugs once daily for 48 weeks. Both systolic and diastolic blood pressures were significantly reduced (P < 0.001) throughout the study with no significant changes in heart rate and no adverse effects such as cough. There were no significant changes in body mass index or serum levels of glycated hemoglobin A1c, fructosamine, total cholesterol, triglycerides, lipoproteins (high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol), or apolipoproteins (apo A-I, apo C-II, apo C-III, apo B, and apo E). Cilazapril caused a significant increase (P < 0.05) in levels of apo A-II and a significant decrease (P < 0.05) in the apo B:apo A-I ratio, an index of arteriosclerosis. These results suggest that cilazapril has favorable effects on glucose and lipid metabolism and that it may be useful as the first or second choice of antihypertensive drugs in hypertensive patients with NIDDM.
Age as a determinant of glomerular filtration rate in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The level of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and its determinants in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are currently controversial., DESIGN OF THE STUDY: We measured GFR and effective renal plasma flow (ERPF) in 121 consecutive NIDDM without evidence of overt diabetic nephropathy. Age varied from 28 to 70 years, 61.2% were women and known duration of NIDDM was 0-37 years. Hypertension was detected in 36.4% of patients and 47.8% had microalbuminuria., RESULTS: An inverse correlation was found between GFR and age, but not with known duration of NIDDM: It was a weak correlation (r = -0.41) but statistically significant (P < 0.001). The other variables considered were not significant by multiple stepwise regression analysis, but patients with lower GFR tended to have diabetic retinopathy more frequently. GFR was lower in hypertensive compared to normotensive patients (123 +/- 28.4 versus 136 +/- 32.5 ml/min/1.73 m2; P < 0.05), but was not different between patients with normal and elevated albumin excretion rate. ERPF also had an inverse correlation with age (r = -0.45, P < 0.001)., CONCLUSION: We conclude that (i) age should be considered as a confounding variable when evaluating GFR in patients with NIDDM, and (ii) the age-dependent decline in GFR may mask hyperfiltration in the early stages of diabetic nephropathy in NIDDM:
Insulin versus glipizide treatment in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Effects on blood pressure and glucose tolerance.; Insulin resistance that exists in patients with essential hypertension and in those with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) may be the common denominator for the impaired glucose homeostasis and elevated blood pressure (BP) levels in patients with NIDDM. Therefore, treatment that improves insulin action may also improve BP levels. Consequently, a four-phase (glipizide v insulin) cross-over design study was conducted to determine a better effect of glipizide treatment on insulin sensitivity and the effect this has on BP in 19 NIDDM patients. Patients were subjected to 1 month of diet only (phase I) followed by 3 months of glipizide treatment (phase II), then an additional 1 month of diet only (phase III), and finally 3 months of insulin treatment (phase IV). At the end of phases I, II, and IV oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) were performed and plasma glucose, insulin, and C-peptide levels were analyzed. Fasting plasma glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides, glycated hemoglobin, fructosamine, and 2-h postprandial plasma glucose were also analyzed at each phase. Supine and sitting BP levels and body weights were determined biweekly during the study. With the exception of higher plasma insulin and C-peptide levels during the OGTT (area under the curve) in phase IV (insulin) v phase II (glipizide) (both P < .05), and higher fasting plasma insulin levels (P < .06), there were no consistently significant metabolic differences between phases IV and II.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Angiotensin-converting enzyme polymorphism and development of diabetic nephropathy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We determined the distribution frequency of angiotensin-converting enzyme insertion/deletion (I/D) polymorphism in 111 Japanese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) of at least 10 years duration (80 patients with diabetic nephropathy and 31 patients without nephropathy) and 76 healthy Japanese controls. Patients with diabetic nephropathy showed an excess of the ID genotype compared with patients without nephropathy (p < 0.02) and less of the II genotype compared with healthy controls (p < 0.01) and patients without nephropathy (p < 0.01). NIDDM patients with the II genotype have a decreased risk for the development of diabetic nephropathy.
Enrichment with apolipoprotein E characterizes postprandial TG-rich lipoproteins in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and coronary artery disease: a preliminary report.; An oral fat-load test was carried out in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and angiographically verified coronary artery disease (CAD; group 1, n = 6); in patients with CAD but no diabetes (group 2, n = 6); in patients with NIDDM but no CAD (group 3, n = 4); and in healthy control subjects (group 4, n = 4). Concentrations of apolipoprotein (apo) E, apo C-II, triglyceride (TG), retinyl palmitate, and cholesterol were measured in fasting plasma and in plasma obtained after 2, 4, 6, 9, and 24 h after a meal containing 78 g of fat and 345,000 IU of vitamin A. The same measurements were carried out in the lipoprotein fractions with Svedberg flotation rates Sf 400-1100, 60-400, 20-60 and 12-20, obtained by density gradient ultracentrifugation. The postprandial apo E concentrations were highest in group 1 (NIDDM and CAD) in plasma and in the TG-rich lipoprotein fractions, with significant differences in comparison with the healthy subjects. As shown by apo E to TG ratios, the postprandial lipoproteins were enriched with apo E in the patients with NIDDM and CAD. The largest excesses of apo E in group 1 patients were observed in the atherogenic Sf 12-60 lipoproteins. Across the entire study population, there was a significant inverse correlation between the postprandial apo E responses and the postheparin lipoprotein lipase activity. The results suggest that enrichment of the remnant lipoproteins with apo E may have a role in the increased risk of CAD among patients with NIDDM.
Family studies of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in South Indians.; Though a genetic basis for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is clear, the likely mode of inheritance is not known. The segregation of NIDDM was studied in 64 nuclear South Indian pedigrees (449 individuals) ascertained through an affected proband having both parents and more than 1 sibling alive and available for oral glucose tolerance testing. A high proportion of parents were found to be of abnormal glucose tolerance [89 of 128 (70%) diabetic and 11 of 128 (9%) impaired]. Complex segregation analysis was performed using (1) POINTER which implements the mixed model and distinguishes major gene, multifactorial and non-transmitted environmental contributions to affection and (2) COMDS which implements an oligogenic model with major gene, modifier gene and environmental contributions to a) affection and b) diathesis (an ordered polychotomy amongst non-affected family members, based on 2-h plasma glucose level). Using POINTER, there was no formal support for a major gene and the most parsimonious solutions were achieved with multifactorial models. Using COMDS, we found i) significant improvements in models when information on glucose levels in nondiabetic family members (diathesis) was included, ii) support for segregation of a diallelic gene as well as background familial resemblance, and iii) under the best-supported model, this diallelic locus featured incomplete dominance (d = 0.8) and a disease-predisposing allele frequency of 14%. In South Indians, segregation of NIDDM is inadequately described by simple major gene models: more complex models provide more satisfactory descriptions. This finding, if applicable in other populations, has important implications for the search for diabetes-susceptibility genes.
Renal hypertrophy as a prognostic index for the progression of diabetic renal disease in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The aim of this study is to elucidate the clinical significance of estimating renal size in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Renal size was compared in 57 NIDDM patients with persistent normoalbuminuria [group I; 19 cases, albumin excretion rate (AER) < 20 micrograms/min], microalbuminuria (group II; 24 cases, AER = 20-200 micrograms/min), or macroalbuminuria (group III; 14 cases, AER > 200 micrograms/min). Three groups were matched for age and diabetes duration. Renal size was estimated using drip-infusion pyelography according to Simon's method (mean kidney length/height of second lumbar spine and disc; renal ratio, RR). Thirteen patients with persistent microalbuminuria (10 normotensive and 3 hypertensive) were traced during at least 3 years. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (enalapril) was used in 11 cases. The results are as follows: (1) Renal size in groups II (RR, 3.47 +/- 0.28; cited as mean +/- SD) and III (3.62 +/- 0.32) significantly increased compared with that in group I (3.26 +/- 0.20) (p < 0.01 and p < 0.001, respectively). No statistical differences could be detected between groups II and III. (2) As a whole, good metabolic (glycosylated hemoglobin, HbA1) and hemodynamic (systolic blood pressure, SBP) control was achieved during the last 12 months (HbA1, 8.4% +/- 0.9%; SBP, 122 +/- 8 mm Hg). There was no significant correlation between RR and creatinine clearance, HbA1, SBP, or diastolic blood pressure during the first and last 12 months. Initial RR significantly correlated with AER during the last 12 months (r = 0.651, p < 0.02). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Glucose and insulin responses to intravenous glucose challenge in relatives of Nigerian patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We analysed blood insulin and glucose concentrations before and during frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance tests (FSIGT) in 2 groups of Nigerian subjects: (A) Control group (n = 18), without a positive family history of diabetes mellitus, and (B) Experimental group (n = 16), comprising age-, sex- and body mass-matched first-degree relatives of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). In comparison with Group A subjects, those in Group B had: (i) higher fasting plasma glucose level (mean +/- S.E.M. 4.1 +/- 0.1 vs. 3.8 +/- 0.11 mmol/l, P < 0.05); (ii) similar fasting serum insulin levels (6.7 +/- 5.0 vs. 5.8 +/- 5.6 mU/l, P = NS); (iii) lower mean incremental area under the first-phase (t = 0-10 min) post-glucose challenge insulin curve (376.9 +/- 8.8 vs. 435.6 +/- 5.6 mU/min l-1, P < 0.05); (iv) increased incremental area under the second-phase (t = 10-182 min) post-glucose challenge insulin curve (432.9 +/- 11.5 vs. 161.3 +/- 8.7 mU/min l-1, P < 0.05); (v) reduced KG rate constant of glucose elimination (0.97 +/- 0.12 vs. 1.41 +/- 0.12%/min, P < 0.05). These results suggest that the subjects with a positive family history of NIDDM have a reduced beta-cell insulin secretory reserve (from reduced first-phase insulin response), tendency to rebound hyperinsulinemia during the latter phase of the insulin secretory response, a degree of tissue insulin insensitivity (as evident from high fasting plasma glucose despite similar insulin levels) and a diminished glucose disposal rate, in comparison with subjects without a family history of NIDDM. These features predict subsequent development of diabetes and suggest that as in Caucasians, first-degree relatives of Nigerian patients with NIDDM are at greater risk for future development of the disease.
Apolipoprotein levels in normolipidemic non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The purpose of this study was to examine the change in apolipoprotein and lipoprotein levels in patients with normolipidemic untreated non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Fifteen untreated, non-obese male NIDDM patients without hyperlipidemia were chosen, and 15 healthy subjects, matched for age, sex, body weight, alcohol consumption and cigarette smoking served as the control group. We observed that the concentrations of plasma total cholesterol (TC), triacylglycerol (TG) and very low density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C) were identical in both NIDDM and control groups. The levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were slightly increased in the diabetic group, but the difference did not reach statistical significance in our study. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) was lower in the NIDDM group than in the controls. Significantly increased TC/HDL-C and LDL-C/HDL-C ratios were found in NIDDM patients compared with controls. The apolipoprotein A-I (apo A-I) and apolipoprotein A-II (apo A-II) levels were decreased in NIDDM patients, while the apolipoprotein B (apo B) level remained similar to that of the control subjects. The ratio of apo A-I/apo B was decreased significantly in the NIDDM group. Our results suggest that NIDDM patients are at higher risk of coronary heart disease, even if they remain normolipidemic.
Impaired translocation of protein kinase C activity in human non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Calcium- and phospholipid-dependent protein kinase (protein kinase C; PKC) may be an important mediator in transduction of some of the cellular actions of insulin. We studied PKC activity in freshly isolated circulating mononuclear cells obtained from healthy subjects and patients with non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The kinase activity was measured using a specific nonapeptide substrate, Ala-Ala-Ala-Ser-Phe-Lys-Ala-Lys-Lys-amide. There was negligible calcium- and phospholipid-independent kinase activity in cytosolic and particulate fractions of cells from both control and diabetic subjects. Total (cytosolic and particulate) PKC activity of mononuclear cells from poorly controlled diabetic patients was significantly reduced compared with controls; this reduction was mainly due to a decrease in the cytosolic kinase activity. Tumor-promoting phorbol ester (TPA, 0.1 mumol/L) induced translocation of PKC activity in control cells; in contrast, this subcellular redistribution was not observed in cells from a majority of poorly controlled diabetic subjects. Increased calcium influx into the cells caused by the calcium ionophore A23187-triggered translocation of PKC activity in control cells, while it was ineffective in cells from poorly controlled diabetic patients. Cells from well-controlled diabetic patients demonstrated TPA-induced translocation of the PKC activity approaching that of control cells. The total PKC activity in cells from patients with good glycemic control was normal. Impaired activation of PKC is thus associated with the insulin resistance found in patients with poorly controlled NIDDM.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Relationship between urinary albumin excretion rate and renal histology in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: with reference to the clinical significance of microalbuminuria.; The present study demonstrates the relationship between urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) and renal structural changes in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) without clinical proteinuria. Resting AER in 30 control subjects and 67 NIDDM patients were 10.4 +/- 4.8 (mean +/- SD) micrograms/min (range 4.3-21.1 micrograms/min) and 26.4 +/- 32.3 micrograms/min (range 0.4-155 micrograms/min), respectively. Persistent normoalbuminuria (less than 20 micrograms/min) and microalbuminuria (20-200 micrograms/min) were found in 43 (Group A) and 24 (Group B) diabetics. There were significant differences in age, diabetes duration, and frequency of retinopathy (background and proliferative) as well as that of proliferative retinopathy between Groups A and B, but not in the other clinical parameters such as body mass index, HbA1, Ccr, or systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP, DBP). When compared with 11 normoalbuminuric patients of similar age and equal diabetes duration to those in Group B, the sole difference in clinical parameters was the existence of proliferative retinopathy in Group B. Renal structural changes were investigated by light microscopy in 14 people in Group A and 13 people in Group B, and additionally in 5 NIDDM patients with both macroalbuminuria (greater than or equal to 200 micrograms/min) and normal or nearly normal renal function (Group C). The diffuse glomerular lesion (Gellman's classification) was grade I or II in A, II or III in B, and III in C.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and the 5' hypervariable region of the insulin gene in two South African Indian families.; The hypervariable region 5' to the human insulin gene has been characterised in two South African Indian families, each having two generations of individuals affected with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Southern blot analysis, with the restriction endonuclease Pvu II and plasmid phins 310 as a probe, was used. In family 1, class 1 alleles (0.87, 0.79, 0.72 and 0.68 kilobase (kb)) were found at this locus but no linkage with NIDDM was shown. In family 2 a class 3 (2.51 kb) and two class 1 alleles (0.89, 0.76) were found. The 0.89 kb allele appears to be segregating with NIDDM in this family.
Cholesterol efflux from Fu5AH hepatoma cells induced by plasma of subjects with or without coronary artery disease and non-insulin-dependent diabetes: importance of LpA-I:A-II particles and phospholipid transfer protein.; We measured the capacity of human plasma to induce cholesterol efflux from Fu5AH rat hepatoma cells in four groups of men with or without non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and coronary artery disease (CAD). Plasma from men with both NIDDM and CAD (n = 47) had the lowest efflux capacity (17.3 +/- 3.6%) whereas healthy control subjects with neither diabetes nor CAD (n = 25) had the highest capacity (19.8 +/- 3.4%). The groups with CAD but no diabetes (n = 44) and with NIDDM but no CAD (n = 35) had intermediate efflux values (18.5 +/- 3.8 and 18.5 +/- 3.9%, respectively). In a 2 x 2 factorial ANOVA, the differences were significant with respect to the presence of CAD (P = 0.038) and NIDDM (P = 0.041), with no interaction between the factors. The concentration of HDL particles containing apolipoprotein (apo) A-I but no apo A-II (LpA-I) was not related to efflux capacity in univariate or multivariate analyses. A multivariate regression analysis showed that when controlled for the presence of NIDDM and CAD, the concentration of particles containing both apo A-I and apo A-II (LpA-I:A-II) and plasma phospholipid transfer protein activity were both positively, independently, and significantly (P < 0.001) related to cholesterol efflux capacity.
Angiotensin I converting enzyme gene polymorphism in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; A total of 168 patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes (NIDDM) followed over 10 years were recruited in this study. The patients were divided into two groups: Group 1 patients had a stable renal function (N = 96) and Group 2 had a declining renal function (N = 72). Group 1 included those whose serum creatinine was normal five years ago but had increased to > or = 2 mg/dl or those who has reached end-stage renal failure (requiring dialysis) by the time of study. All patients were genotyped for the insertion/deletion (I/D) polymorphism of the ACE gene, the M235T polymorphism of the angiotensinogen (Atg) gene and the A1166C polymorphism of the angiotensin II type 1 receptor (AT1) gene. The genotype frequency distributions of M235T Atg and the A116C AT1 gene polymorphisms were not different between Group 1 versus Group 2. While the frequency of the ACE DD genotype in Group 1 (7.3%) was comparable to that of the general population, the DD frequency was significantly higher in Group 2 (26.4%) than in Group 1 (odds ratio, 4.56; 95% confidence interval, 1.80 approximately 11.56, P < 0.001). Among all 168 patients studied, the renal survival rate was significantly lower among DD than ID (P < 0.005) or II patients (P < 0.001). In patients with a declining renal function (Group 2), those with the DD genotype had a significantly shorter time interval from onset of diabetes to the initiation of dialysis (13.4 +/- 1.4 years) than those with ID (20.7 +/- 1.2 years, P < 0.01) or II genotypes (17.5 +/- 1.1 year, P < 0.01). Analysis of the clinical course of the three ACE genotypes revealed that the majority (95%) of patients with the DD genotype who had albuminuria progressed to end-stage renal disease within 10 years of diagnosis of diabetes. Our analysis also revealed that initiation and continuation of dialysis are associated with a progressive decrease in the frequency of the DD genotype. These results indicate that, in NIDDM, the ACE DD genotype has a high prognostic value for progressive deterioration of renal function. Moreover, the DD genotype appears to increase the mortality once dialysis is initiated.
Differential distribution of type IV collagen chains in patients with diabetic nephropathy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Thickening of the glomerular basement membrane (GBM) and expansion of the mesangial matrix are hallmarks of human diabetic nephropathy. Renal tissues from 15 patients with type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes (NIDDM) were studied by immunofluorescence (IF) and immunogold electron microscopy (IEM) for the distribution of 2 type IV collagen peptides [alpha 3(IV) noncollagenous (NC) domain and alpha 4(IV) NC domain] and 2 classical type IV collagen chains [alpha 1(IV) NC domain and alpha 2(IV) domain]. There was intense staining for alpha 3(IV) NC and alpha 4(IV) NC domain in the GBM but not in the mesangial matrix of patients with overt diabetic nephropathy. In contrast, staining with antibodies to alpha 1(IV) NC and alpha 2(IV) NC domain reacted with mesangial matrix but was significantly decreased in the GBM in the patients with overt diabetic nephropathy. IEM confirmed the IF findings. These data suggest that expansion of the mesangial matrix and thickening of GBM in NIDDM involves separate and distinct type IV collagen components and that the site-specific matrix alterations in NIDDM and type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes are parallel.
[Prospective analysis of the natural course of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in early adulthood].; Non-insulin-dependent diabetics with early manifestation of the disease (NIDDM) who were registered by an epidemiological cross-sectional study 1979 in the Erfurt district were pursued prospectively and 47 of the 58 patients underwent a re-examination five years later. The changes of therapy performed (7 new administrations of insulin, 9 change from diet to normal food) as well as the metabolic development of the patients under epidemiological aspect prove the heterogeneity of NIDDM and the doubtfulness of hitherto existing MODY-criteria. The oGTT performed in 37 patients 9 times resulted in a full remission and in 4 cases in an IGT. Including the 10 insulinized patients 34 diabetics (72.3%) had remained manifest. In contrast to the initially different degree of post-load hyperglycaemia in patients with and without remission the behaviour of the insulin secretion did not show any significant differences in the course and between the groups of patients. Young non-insulin-dependent diabetics are mainly among a representative target population type-II-diabetics with early onset. In contrast to this type-I-diabetics with a long insulin-free initial phase go into the background. In our population real MODY-cases are apparently extraordinarily rare.
Intracellular glucose oxidation and glycogen synthase activity are reduced in non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes independent of impaired glucose uptake.; To examine whether reduced rates of oxidative (Gox) and non-oxidative (Nox) glucose metabolism in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are due to reduced glucose uptake, intrinsic defects in intracellular glucose metabolism or increased fat oxidation (Fox), indirect calorimetry was performed at similar glucose uptake rates in eight nonobese NIDDM and eight comparable nondiabetic subjects. Three glucose clamp studies were performed: one in the nondiabetic and two in the NIDDM subjects. In the nondiabetic subjects, glucose uptake was increased to 7.62 +/- 0.62 mg/kg of fat-free mass (FFM) per min by increasing serum insulin to 309 pmol/liter at a glucose concentration of 5.1 mmol/liter. By raising the concentration of either serum glucose or insulin fourfold in the NIDDM subjects, glucose uptake was matched to nondiabetic subjects (8.62 +/- 0.49 and 8.59 +/- 0.51 mg/kg FFM per min, respectively, P = NS). Skeletal muscle glycogen synthase activity and plasma lactate levels were measured to characterize Nox. When glucose uptake was matched to nondiabetics by hyperglycemia or hyperinsulinemia, Gox was reduced by 26-28% in NIDDM (P less than 0.025) whereas Fox was similar. Nox was greater in NIDDM (P less than 0.01) and was accompanied by increases in circulating lactate levels. Glycogen synthase activity was reduced by 41% (P less than 0.025) when glucose uptake was matched by hyperglycemia. Glycogen synthase activity was normalized in NIDDM, however, when glucose uptake was matched by hyperinsulinemia. Therefore, a defect in Gox exists in nonobese NIDDM subjects which cannot be overcome by increasing glucose uptake or insulin. Since both glucose uptake and Fox were similar in the two subject groups these factors were not responsible for reduced Gox. Increased Nox in NIDDM is primarily into lactate. Reduced glycogen synthase activity in NIDDM is independent of glucose uptake but can be overcome by increasing the insulin concentration.
Cellular mechanisms of insulin resistance in non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes.; Recent studies have led to an enhanced understanding of cellular alterations that may play an important role in the pathophysiology of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The insulin receptor links insulin binding at the cell surface to intracellular activation of insulin's effects. This transducer function involves the tyrosine kinase property of the beta-subunit of the receptor. It was found that adipocytes from subjects with NIDDM had a 50 to 80 percent reduction in insulin-stimulated receptor kinase activity compared with their non-diabetic counterparts. This defect was relatively specific for the diabetic state since no decrease was observed in insulin-resistant non-diabetic obese subjects. The reduction in kinase activity was accounted for by changes in the ratio of two pools of receptors, both of which bind insulin but only one of which is capable of tyrosine autophosphorylation and subsequent kinase activation; 43 percent of the receptors from non-diabetic subjects were capable of autophosphorylation compared with only 14 percent in the NIDDM group. A major component of cellular insulin resistance in NIDDM involves the glucose transport system. Exposure of cells to insulin normally results in enhanced glucose transport mediated by translocation of glucose transporters from a low-density microsomal intracellular pool to the plasma membrane. It was found that cells from NIDDM subjects had a marked depletion of glucose transporters in both plasma membranes and low-density microsomes, relative to obese non-diabetic control participants. Obese non-diabetic persons had a normal number of plasma membrane transporters but a reduced number of low-density microsome transporters in the basal state compared with lean control volunteers; insulin induced the translocation of relatively fewer transporters from the low-density microsome to the plasma membrane in the obese subgroups. In addition to the diminished number of glucose transporters, cells from both NIDDM and obese subjects had impaired functional activity of glucose carriers since decreased whole-cell glucose transport rates could not be entirely explained by the magnitude of the decrement in the number of plasma membrane transporters. Thus, impaired glucose transport is due to both a numerical and functional defect in glucose transporters. The cellular content of high-density microsomal transporters was the same in lean and obese control volunteers and NIDDM subjects, suggesting that transporter synthesis is normal and that cellular depletion results from increased protein turnover once transporters leave the high-density microsomal subfraction.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
[Nutritional behavior of non-insulin-dependent type II diabetes patients using the KALI 2.1.2 computer program].; Forty patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were investigated regarding their individual diet history, including dietary pattern and dietary habits. The energy intake in men was 2,180 +/- 460 kcal/day. The carbohydrate content was 192 +/- 57 g/day (38 +/- 7%), protein 93 +/- 20 g/day (19 +/- 3%) and fat 96 +/- 26 g/day (43 +/- 7%). Nutritional intake of saturated fatty acids was 37 +/- 11 g/day, whereas the intake of polyenic acid was 14 +/- 5 g/day. Thus the p/s-quotient was 0.4 +/- 0.1. The cholesterol intake amounted to 396 +/- 165 mg/day. The dietary fibre content was 33 +/- 21 g/day. The caloric intake of women was 1,800 kcal/day. The daily amount of carbohydrate was 154 +/- 46 g/day (37 +/- 6%), of protein 82 +/- 21 g/day (20 +/- 4%), of fat 82 +/- 32 g/day (43 +/- 6%). Saturated fatty acids were 33 +/- 14 g/day, polyenic acid 11 +/- 5 g/day, the p/s-quotient 0.4 +/- 0.2. The cholesterol intake was calculated to be 341 +/- 118 mg/day. The supply of electrolytes, trace elements and vitamins was often marginal. We found that usually practiced diabetes diet is too fatty, rich in cholesterol and poor in carbohydrate and fibre. As a result of the high amount of fat, which comprises 43% of the total calories and the low p/s-quotient of 0.4, the diet must be considered atherogenic.
[The effects of bisoprolol and atenolol on glucose metabolism in hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].; Effects of bisoprolol and atenolol on glucose metabolism in hypertensive patients NIDDM. The aim of the study was to compare the antihypertensive efficacy and the effects on glucose metabolism of a new beta 1-selective beta-blocker with high beta 1 selectivity, bisoprolol and atenolol in 12 hypertensive patients (WHO classes I e II) suffering from untreated not insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). According to a cross-over design after a placebo run-in period of 4 weeks, the patients were randomly allocated to receive bisoprolol 10 mg o.d. or atenolol 100 mg o.d. for 4 weeks, with a four-week wash-out period between the two active treatments. In basal condition and after each therapy an intravenous glucose tolerance test (i.v. GTT, 20 g) was performed, with evaluation of serum glucose and insulin at 0, 15, 30, 60, 90, 120 minutes and glycosuria during the test. At the same time blood pressure, heart rate (supine, upright), ECG, laboratory tests were assessed and subjective tolerability was evaluated. The glucose and insulin responses to the i.v. GTT did not significantly change to basal condition. Similarly glycosuria did not show significative increment during the test with both beta-blocking therapies. Blood pressure and heart rate values were significantly reduced (p less than 0.001) after bisoprolol and atenolol treatment. During the study no side effects were reported and laboratory tests and ECG remained substantially unchanged. These data confirm the antihypertensive efficacy of bisoprolol and atenolol and demonstrate the absence of important effects of these drugs on glucose metabolism in hypertensive patients with NIDDM.
Insulin-like growth factor (IGF) gene expression is reduced in neural tissues and liver from rats with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and IGF treatment ameliorates diabetic neuropathy.; Neural disturbances are observed in the peripheral and central nervous systems of patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and non-IDDM (NIDDM). Insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) are neurotrophic growth factors that can support nerve regeneration and neuronal survival in the types of neurons known to be afflicted in diabetes. We tested the hypotheses that IGF gene expression is reduced in neural tissues and liver of spontaneously diabetic obese Zucker (fa/fa) rats and that IGF treatment can prevent neuropathy. There was a significant early reduction in IGF-II mRNA content as measured per mg of wet tissue or per poly(A)+ RNA in sciatic nerves, spinal cord and brain from spontaneously diabetic obese (fa/fa) vs. nondiabetic lean (+/+) adult rats. In addition, IGF-I mRNA content was reduced in liver but not nerve or spinal cord of NIDDM rats. Pain/pressure thresholds were abnormal (hyperalgesia) in diabetic (fa/fa) vs. nondiabetic (+/+) rats, and subcutaneous infusion of IGF-II restored thresholds toward normal. The low dose of IGF-II that prevented hyperalgesia in contrast had no effect on hyperglycemia or obesity. These data suggest that IGF treatment may provide rational therapy for diabetic neuropathy and that therapy may be effective even in patients unable to adequately control their hyperglycemia.
Insulin-like growth factor-I in non-insulin-dependent diabetic monkeys: basal plasma concentrations and metabolic effects of exogenously administered biosynthetic hormone.; Plasma insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) concentrations and the effects of exogenous IGF-I administration were determined in 26 rhesus monkeys; each animal was well characterized regarding its degree of obesity, plasma glucose and insulin levels, and glucose tolerance (KG). Five separate groups were identified: lean normal, obese normoinsulinemic and normoglycemic, obese hyperinsulinemic with normal glucose tolerance, impaired glucose tolerant, and spontaneously diabetic (type II, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus [NIDDM]). Basal plasma IGF-I levels in all monkeys ranged from 249 to 1,093 ng/mL and were strongly associated with age (r = -.66; P less than .001) and KG (r = .59; P less than .001), but not with body weight, body fat, or fasting plasma glucose or insulin levels. In addition, the acute insulin-like effects of exogenously administered IGF-I on glucose disappearance were studied in vivo in a dose-response comparison to insulin (subcutaneous administration of IGF-I at doses of 50, 100, or 200 micrograms/kg v insulin at 0.3 U/kg). Five hyperinsulinemic normoglycemic monkeys (fasting plasma glucose, 67 +/- 2 mg/dL; insulin, 163 +/- 42 microU/mL) and overt type II diabetic monkeys (fasting plasma glucose, 201 +/- 13 mg/dL; insulin, 38 +/- 6 microU/mL) each underwent a series of three to five experiments to determine the time course and degree of hypoglycemia induced by IGF-I as compared with insulin or with control (saline) injection.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Analysis of the hexokinase II gene in subjects with insulin resistance and NIDDM and detection of a Gln142-->His substitution.; Hexokinase II (HKII) is the predominant hexokinase isozyme expressed in insulin-responsive tissues. Since defects involving glucose transport and/or its phosphorylation to glucose-6-phosphate are present in muscle of insulin-resistant humans, HKII should be viewed as a candidate gene for inherited insulin resistance and susceptibility to non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). To investigate the prevalence of potential mutations in the gene encoding HKII, we used the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) to amplify each of the 18 exons of the HKII gene from genomic DNA derived from 59 subjects: 25 insulin-resistant probands with clinical features of the type A syndrome and 34 NIDDM subjects enrolled in the United Kingdom Prospective Study of Therapies of NIDDM (UKPDS) who represented the highest percentile of fasting hyperinsulinemia in the UKPDS population of 5,098 subjects. PCR products corresponding to individual HKII exons derived from each subject were screened for the presence of nucleotide variation using a sensitive nonradioactive single-strand conformation polymorphism (SSCP) protocol. Variant SSCP patterns indicative of genetic variation were detected only in PCR amplimers containing exons 4-7, 10, 15, and 17. Direct sequencing of amplified DNA from individuals affected with variant SSCP patterns revealed the presence of the following silent polymorphisms: Asp251 (GAT/C) in exon 7 and Asn692 (AAT/C) in exon 15. SSCP variants detected in PCR products containing exons 5, 10, and 17 were due to single base substitutions in flanking intronic sequences. A polymorphic GGA repeat was identified within intron 5.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Association of HLA class II alleles with different subgroups of diabetes mellitus in Eastern India identify different associations with IDDM and malnutrition-related diabetes.; Genetic studies of Malnutrition related diabetes are few. We have analyzed HLA class II gene polymorphism in different types of diabetes mellitus patients from Cuttack in Eastern India. Patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and malnutrition-related diabetes mellitus (MRDM), which is subdivided into protein-deficient diabetes mellitus (PDDM) and fibrocalculous pancreatic diabetes (FCPD), were studied and their associations with autoantibody markers. IDDM and PDDM were associated with DR3 and DQ2 but not DR4 and DQ8. FCPD was positively associated with DQ9 (A*0201-B*0303). The association of DQ9 with FCPD suggests differences in the genetic background for susceptibility between IDDM and MRDM in the Cuttack population. There is no association seen between HLA-DR-DQ and NIDDM patients from Eastern India. Clinical classification of diabetes into IDDM, NIDDM and MRDM does not identify the underlying pathological mechanisms. Presence of autoantibodies to IDDM autoantigens in clinical MRDM and NIDDM identifies the slow-onset form of IDDM. Due to the absence of autoantibody assays for diagnosis of IDDM in India, slow onset IDDM is not diagnosed and the patients are classified as NIDDM or MRDM. Our study demonstrates that the presence of GAD65 antibody and DR3-DQ2 positivity in MRDM and NIDDM patients in Eastern India would suggest the presence of slow-onset IDDM. Our data would indicate alternatively that MRDM can coexist with IDDM in these patients and malnutrition could be one of the reasons for the slower onset in IDDM-prone individuals.
Cardiovascular complications of non-insulin-dependent diabetes: the JCR:LA-cp rat.; Diabetes is a serious medical and financial burden on western societies. It is the seventh leading cause of death in the United States and Canada. The disease is due to a primary defect in glucose tolerance and carbohydrate metabolism resulting from either a deficiency of insulin (Insulin-dependent (type I) diabetes mellitus - IDDM) or a state of insulin resistance (Non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus - NIDDM). NIDDM comprises greater than 80% of total diabetic cases. Associated with the primary metabolic defects are equally deleterious secondary complications affecting the renal, ocular, nervous and cardiovascular systems. The cardiovascular complications account for a major proportion of diabetic mortality. As such, it is of paramount importance to develop or find an animal model expressing complications homologous to the human condition. Many models of NIDDM are available to the diabetic researcher but choosing an accurate one can be difficult. The following compares the advantages and limitations of one such model, the JCR:LA-cp rat to other NIDDM models commonly used today.
Losartan, an angiotensin type 1 receptor antagonist, improves endothelial function in non-insulin-dependent diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: The present study examined the effect on forearm endothelial function of an angiotensin II type 1 receptor antagonist, losartan, in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., BACKGROUND: Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibition with enalapril improves acetylcholine (ACh)-dependent endothelial function in patients with NIDDM. This could be mediated through angiotensin II and the type 1 receptor or could be due to inhibition of kininase II and a bradykinin preserving effect. It is therefore relevant to determine whether a type 1 receptor antagonist improves endothelial function., METHODS: The influence of losartan (50 mg daily for four weeks) on endothelium-dependent and independent vasodilator function was determined in 9 NIDDM subjects using a double-blinded placebo-controlled crossover protocol. Forearm blood flow was measured using strain-gauge plethysmography., RESULTS: Losartan significantly decreased infused arm vascular resistance in response to three incremental doses of intrabrachial acetylcholine (p < 0.05, ANOVA). The forearm blood flow ratio (flow in infused to noninfused arm) was also increased (p < 0.01). Responses to sodium nitroprusside and monomethyl arginine were not significantly changed., CONCLUSIONS: Losartan administration at 50 mg per day improved endothelium-dependent dilation of resistance vessels in patients with NIDDM. That is, blockade of the angiotensin II type 1 receptors improves endothelial function in NIDDM. At least some of the similarly beneficial effect of ACE inhibition is probably mediated also through the angiotensin II-type 1 receptor pathway. The use of a type 1 receptor antagonist seems a reasonable alternative to an ACE inhibitor to maintain endothelial function in NIDDM subjects.
[Analysis of polymorphic variants of renin-angiotensin system genes in polymetabolic syndrome and non-insulin-dependent diabetes].; Polymorphisms of the genes for angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) and angiotensinogen, the proteins of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS), were tested for association with the polymetabolic syndrome (PMS) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in the Moscow population. The insertional (I) allele and genotype II of the ACE gene proved to be associated with PMS. A significant difference in allele and genotype frequency distributions of the (CA)n microsatellite of the 3'-untranslated exon of the angiotensinogen gene was revealed between randomly sampled individuals and patients with PMS and IDDM from the Moscow population.
Coronary capillary remodeling in non-insulin-dependent diabetic rats: amelioration by inhibition of angiotensin converting enzyme and its potential clinical implications.; Using Otsuka Long Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rats, a model of human non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) that exhibits hypertension, obesity, hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia, the role of local angiotensin II in cardiovascular complications at early stages of NIDDM was characterized. OLETF rats were given an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, cilazapril (10 mg/kg/day) or vehicle from the age of 5 weeks to 20 weeks. Arteriolar, intermediate and venular capillary proportions were determined by the double-staining method and levels of collagen and non-collagenous proteins were determined by the selective dye-binding method in heart tissues. In OLETF rats at 20 weeks of age, capillary network remodeling (i.e., an increase in arteriolar portions and a decrease in venular portions) and an increase in collagen content were detected. Cilazapril not only exerted favorable effects on markers of diabetes, but also prevented capillary network remodeling and ameliorated the increase in collagen content. These results suggest that 1) capillary network remodeling and increase in extracellular matrix protein levels precede the onset of overt NIDDM in OLETF rats, and 2) angiotensin II may be involved in the pathogenesis of cardiac complications in the early stages of NIDDM.
Activity of factor VIIa and von Willebrand factor in non-insulin-dependent diabetic subjects with coronary artery disease.; Atherosclerosis is more extensive and occurs earlier in diabetics compared with the general population. The pathophysiology of atherosclerosis is not fully established. We compared the activity of two blood clotting agents, activated factor VII (VIIa) and von Willebrand factor (vWF), in diabetic and non-diabetic subjects with coronary artery disease. According to clinical features, subjects were placed in one of four groups: Group I, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with coronary heart disease (CAD) (n = 16); Group II, NIDDM (n = 15); Group III, CAD with no presence of diabetes (n = 17); and Group IV, healthy volunteers (n = 15). The level of factor VIIa was higher in Group I compared with all other groups, and was significantly higher in Group II compared with Group III and Group IV. Activity of vWF was higher in Group I compared with Group II, Group III and Group IV. There was no statistical difference between Group II and Group III. There was no significant correlation between concentration of blood glucose, total cholesterol or triglyceride, duration of diabetes and either factor VIIa or vWF activity. The results of this study suggest that increased activity of plasma vWF and factor VIIa may be useful markers to identify ischaemic heart disease risk in NIDDM subjects.
Galphaolf identification by RT-PCR in purified normal pancreatic B cells and in islets from rat models of non-insulin-dependent diabetes.; Recent reports using immunohistochemistry have shown that Galphaolf which shares 88% homology with Galphas was expressed in pancreatic islets. To test the specificity of the expression of this G protein isotype in rat islet cells, B and non-B cells were separated by flow cytometry. The expression of Galphaolf and adenylyl cyclases (AC) of types II, III, V, and VI was evaluated by reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). Since alterations in the expression of AC III were recently reported in the GK rat (a model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, NIDDM), we also have analyzed the mRNA expression of Galphaolf and AC isoforms in pancreatic islets from GK rats and from adult rats neonatally treated by streptozotocin (nSTZ rats), another model of NIDDM. Southern blots of amplicons generated with specific primers of Galphaolf revealed the presence of a 540-bp band only in B cells. AC of types II, III, V, and VI were expressed both in B and non-B cells. However, AC III mRNA was clearly more abundant in non-B than in B cells. Moreover, in B cells the expression of AC VI was higher than that of AC V, whereas equal expressions of AC V and AC VI were found in non-B cells. In GK rat islets, the mRNA expressions of Galphaolf, AC II, and AC III were clearly increased and no change in AC V and AC VI was found. In nSTZ rat islets, Galphaolf expression was barely detectable, but AC II and AC III mRNA levels were higher than those observed in controls. In conclusion, Galphaolf mRNA appeared specifically expressed in islet B cells and was increased in GK islets. The steady-state mRNA levels of AC II and AC III were clearly increased in the islets of the two rat models of NIDDM. Thus, alterations in the expression of G protein isotypes and AC isoforms could contribute to the diabetic phenotype. Copyright 1999 Academic Press.
The nephropathy of non-insulin-dependent diabetes: predictors of outcome relative to diverse patterns of renal injury.; Nephropathy of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is the most common cause of end-stage renal failure (ESRF) in Western countries. This study investigates the clinical and histologic putative predictors of disease progression, with the final goal to identify patients at risk who may benefit from early diagnosis and intervention. It examines by repeated measurements of BP, blood glucose, serum creatinine, and urinary protein excretion rate 65 consecutive NIDDM patients with clinical, persistent proteinuria and biopsy-documented typical diabetic glomerulopathy (class I; n = 30), predominant nephroangiosclerosis (class II; n = 23), or nondiabetic type glomerulopathy (class III; n = 12), whose severity of renal tissue involvement was precisely quantified by a global histologic score. Baseline parameters and progression to renal end points, i.e., doubling of baseline serum creatinine, dialysis, or transplantation, were univariately and multivariately correlated by proportional hazards regression models. The median kidney survival time in the overall study population was 3.07 yr. Thirty-seven percent of patients reached an end point during a median (range) follow-up of 1.8 yr (0.4 to 5.7 yr). By univariate and multivariate analysis, kidney survival significantly correlated with baseline urinary protein excretion rate (P = 0.04 and P = 0.04, respectively) and renal tissue injury score (P = 0.0001 and P = 0.02, respectively), but not with the histologic classes. Patients with a urinary protein excretion rate  2 g/24 h with a histologic score < 7, never reached an end point. All patients with urinary protein excretion > 2 g/24 h and a histologic score > 13 progressed to ESRF over a median of 1.6 yr. No differences in other baseline parameters or in BP and diabetes control during follow-up accounted for these different outcomes. In NIDDM as well as in nondiabetic chronic renal disease, quantification of urinary protein excretion rate--independent of the pattern of underlying glomerular involvement--reliably discriminates progressors from nonprogressors and, combined with precise quantification of renal tissue injury, reliably predicts risk of ESRF. This information may be used to set guidelines for early diagnosis and appropriate intervention to reduce the number of diabetic patients who will need renal replacement therapy in years to come.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism is associated with carotid arterial wall thickness in non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients.; BACKGROUND: The insertion/deletion (I/D) polymorphism of the ACE gene has been shown to be associated with cardiovascular disease in healthy subjects as well as in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We investigated the relationship between the ACE gene polymorphism and the wall thickness of both carotid and femoral arteries in NIDDM patients., METHODS AND RESULTS: We measured the intimal plus medial thickness (IMT) of both carotid and femoral arteries using high-resolution B-mode ultrasonography in 288 Japanese NIDDM patients (160 men, 128 women). No significant differences among the three genotypes were found with respect to age, sex, duration of diabetes, body mass index, blood pressure, plasma glucose, hemoglobin AIC, total cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL cholesterol, or cigarette-years. Plasma ACE levels were strongly associated with I/D polymorphism, with an additive effect of the D alleles. The carotid IMT of the patients carrying the D allele (DD+ID genotype) was significantly higher than that of the patients not carrying the D allele (II genotype) (P = .037), whereas the femoral IMT was not affected by the I/D polymorphism. Multiple regression analysis demonstrated that the risk factors for carotid IMT of patients with NIDDM were age, non-HDL cholesterol, and D allele of the ACE gene (R2 = .155, P < .0001)., CONCLUSIONS: The D allele of the ACE gene may be a risk factor for the development of wall thickening of the carotid but not the femoral artery in NIDDM patients.
Ethnic differences in susceptibility to non-insulin-dependent diabetes. A comparative study of two urbanized Micronesian populations.; Two urbanized Micronesian populations were recently studied by population-based diabetes surveys. These were Nauruans living on the island of Nauru, and Gilbertese resident on the islet of Betio, in the Republic of Kiribati (1982 and 1981, respectively). Nauruans are known to suffer from a very high prevalence of non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). In the present study, the effects of suspected environmental risk factors for diabetes were controlled for, in an attempt to elucidate any residual difference in the prevalence of diabetes between the two groups, which might be of genetic origin. As almost all Nauruans lead a physically inactive lifestyle, only inactive subjects in either population were selected for study. The total study sample consisted of 2306 subjects. After further controlling for the effects of age and obesity, the odds of diabetes for Nauruans, as compared with Gilbertese, were threefold. The multiple logistic regression model showed ethnicity (i.e., being Nauruan) to be the strongest of the predictor variables examined in both sexes. In a random subsample of approximately one-third of the total subjects (N = 694), stratified with respect to age and sex, daily intake of total energy and of three dietary components was assessed. The dietary variables were carbohydrate, fat, and dietary fiber. Fat intake was found to be a weak, but significant predictor of diabetes in females after controlling for age, although dietary fat was not predictive of diabetes after also controlling for ethnicity, or for body mass. None of the other dietary variables had any predictive power in either sex.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Pressor and subpressor doses of angiotensin II increase insulin sensitivity in NIDDM. Dissociation of metabolic and blood pressure effects.; There is evidence that the renin-angiotensin system may be involved in the metabolic as well as the cardiovascular features of diabetes and that pressor doses of angiotensin II (ANG II) increase insulin sensitivity in parallel with blood pressure (BP) in healthy subjects, but the effects of ANG II on insulin sensitivity have not been previously reported in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study, 11 patients with NIDDM attended 3 study days to evaluate the effects of a 3-h infusion of subpressor and pressor doses of ANG II on whole body insulin sensitivity using the euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp. BP and heart rate were recorded, and blood samples were collected for serum insulin, C-peptide, potassium, catecholamines, plasma renin activity, and plasma ANG II concentrations. Plasma levels of ANG II (means +/- SD) were 9 +/- 4, 29 +/- 9, and 168 +/- 47 pmol/ml after placebo, low dose infusion, and high dose infusion, respectively. The higher dose of ANG II was associated with significant increases in BP (e.g., 18 mmHg systolic BP at 150 min) and plasma aldosterone. Whole body insulin sensitivity was 23.8 +/- 12.7 mumol glucose.kg-1.min-1 after placebo and 30.6 +/- 12.7 and 27.2 +/- 13.3 following low and high dose ANG II infusions, respectively (P < 0.05, analysis of variance). In summary, acute infusion of ANG II, with or without an increase in BP, increases insulin sensitivity in normotensive patients with NIDDM.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Role of ANG II in coronary capillary angiogenesis at the insulin-resistant stage of a NIDDM rat model.; With the use of Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rats, a model of human non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we assessed whether ANG II is involved in coronary capillary angiogenesis at the insulin-resistant stage of NIDDM (20 wk of age). In OLETF rats, ANG II labeling and angiotensin type 1 (AT(1)) receptor expression in coronary vessels were increased more than in nondiabetic controls. A marked increase in vascular expression of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) at both mRNA and protein levels was found in OLETF rats. The increased expression level of VEGF was associated with accumulation of hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha (HIF-1alpha) activated by increased advanced glycation end products (AGEs). Morphometric analysis showed a significantly increased total coronary capillary density, which was a result of arterialization of the venular capillary portion in OLETF rats. Treatment of OLETF rats with candesartan, an AT(1) receptor blocker, inhibited vascular expressions of VEGF, HIF-1alpha, and AGEs, and ameliorated the morphometric changes. These results suggest a key role of ANG II in the pathogenesis of the coronary capillary remodeling in this NIDDM model.
Variant sequences of the Hexokinase II gene in familial NIDDM.; UNLABELLED: Hexokinase II (HKII) plays a central role in the intracellular metabolism of glucose in skeletal muscle, catalysing the phosphorylation of glucose to glucose 6-phosphate. It is therefore considered to be a potentially important candidate gene in the development of insulin resistance and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The aim of this study was to screen the HKII gene for mutations in NIDDM subjects from insulin-resistant families. Insulin sensitivity was assessed in unaffected first degree relatives from families with two or more living NIDDM subjects, and 15 families were identified as being insulin resistant. In 15 NIDDM subjects (one from each family) and 4 normoglycaemic control subjects, all 18 exons of the HKII gene were amplified by the polymerase chain reaction, and the products screened for mutations using a combination of single-stranded conformational polymorphism analysis and direct sequencing. Six sequence variations were detected in the NIDDM subjects; four silent polymorphisms [GAT vs GAC at codon 251 in exon 7, AAT vs AAC at codon 692 in exon 15, CCG vs CCC at codon 736 in exon 15, and CTG vs CTA at codon 766 in exon 16]; a single base change [T-->C], 22 base pairs distal to the exon-intron junction of exon 17 in the 5'-splice donor; and a single amino acid substitution [Gln142-->His] in exon 4, which was identified in 6 of the 15 NIDDM subjects. The frequency of the mutated codon 142 allele however, was comparable between NIDDM subjects with familial NIDDM (n = 56) and normoglycaemic control subjects (n = 48) (18.8% and 14.6% for NIDDM subjects and control subjects respectively; chi 2 = 0.6, p > 0.25). In addition, measures of insulin sensitivity were comparable in normal glucose tolerant subjects with (n = 20) and without (n = 40) the codon 142 polymorphism., IN CONCLUSION: (1) mutations in the coding regions of the HKII gene are unlikely to be major determinants in the development of insulin resistance and familial NIDDM; although (2) the influence of the codon 142 mutation in combination with other abnormalities of the insulin-signalling pathway on insulin action remain to be addressed.
Human hexokinase II gene: exon-intron organization, mutation screening in NIDDM, and its relationship to muscle hexokinase activity.; In muscle, hexokinase II (HK2) regulates phosphorylation of glucose to glucose 6-phosphate, which has been reported to be impaired in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Here we report decreased HK2 enzyme activity in skeletal muscle biopsies from patients with impaired glucose tolerance compared with healthy control subjects (2.7 +/- 0.9 vs 4.9 +/- 1.1 nmol.min-1.mg protein-1). Therefore, mutations in the HK2 gene could contribute to skeletal muscle insulin resistance in NIDDM. To address this question, we first determined the exon-intron structure of the human HK2 gene and using this information, we screened all 18 exons with single-strand conformation polymorphism technique in 80 Finnish NIDDM patients. Nine nucleotide substitutions were found, one of which was a missense mutation (Gln142-His142) in exon 4. In human muscle, a single HK2 mRNA transcript with a size of approximately 5500 nucleotides was detected with Northern blot analysis. We also describe an HK2 pseudogene (HK2P1), which was mapped to chromosome 4, band q26, by fluorescence in situ hybridization to metaphase chromosomes. The clinical characteristics and HK2 enzyme activities of the subjects with either Gln or His at residue 142 did not differ from each other. Instead, HK2 activity correlated inversely with fasting blood glucose levels, suggesting that changes in HK2 activity could be secondary to other metabolic abnormalities (r = 0.55; p < 0.0003; n = 39). In conclusion; the data suggest that impaired HK2 activity in prediabetic individuals is a consequence of impaired glucose tolerance rather than of a genetic abnormality. The data thus seem to rule out mutations in the HK2 gene as a major cause of inherited insulin resistance in NIDDM.
Effect of senegin-II on blood glucose in normal and NIDDM mice.; The hypoglycemic effect of senegin-II, the main component of Polygala senega (Polygalaceae), was examined in normal and KK-Ay mice, one of the model animals of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Senegin-II (2.5 mg/kg) reduced the level of blood glucose in normal mice from 220 +/- 8 to 131 +/- 5 mg/dl 4 hours after intraperitoneal administration (P < 0.001), and also significantly lowered the blood glucose of KK-Ay mice from 434 +/- 9 to 142 +/- 6 mg/dl under similar conditions (P < 0.001).
Identification of four amino acid substitutions in hexokinase II and studies of relationships to NIDDM, glucose effectiveness, and insulin sensitivity.; Human hexokinase (HK) II, a glucose phosphorylating enzyme in muscle tissue, plays a central role in glucose metabolism. Since reduced insulin-stimulated glucose uptake and reduced glucose-6-phosphate content in muscle have been demonstrated in pre-non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (pre-NIDDM) and NIDDM subjects, we have examined the coding region of the HKII gene in NIDDM patients to determine whether these patients show genetic polymorphisms that are associated with or contribute to the disease. Single-strand conformational polymorphism analysis and nucleotide sequencing were initially performed on the entire coding region of the HKII gene of 38 insulin-resistant NIDDM patients and 5 healthy control subjects. This analysis revealed four missense mutations at codons 142 (Gln to His), 148 (Leu to Phe), 497 (Arg to Gln), and 844 (Arg to Lys) and an additional six exon polymorphisms that did not predict any change in amino acid composition of the protein. One homozygous and nine heterozygous carriers of the codon 142 mutation were found among the NIDDM patients. The mutations at codons 148, 497, and 844 were each found in one diabetic subject and only on one allele. There were no carriers of compound heterozygous mutations. A subsequent study of 301 patients with NIDDM and 151 healthy control subjects revealed no additional mutations at codons 148, 497, or 844. The total frequency of the mutated allele at codon 142 was 18.9% among the control subjects and 17.0% among the NIDDM patients (chi 2 = 0.56, P = 0.45). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Amino acid substitutions in hexokinase II among patients with NIDDM.; Hexokinase (HK) II plays an important role in intracellular glucose metabolism by catalyzing the conversion of glucose to glucose-6-phosphate. HKII is considered to be a promising candidate gene for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and insulin resistance. Therefore, we investigated the frequency of variants in the coding region of the HKII gene in patients with NIDDM. Initial screening included a population-based sample of 40 Finnish patients with typical NIDDM, and subsequent screening included an additional 72 patients with NIDDM. By applying single-strand conformation polymorphism analysis and direct sequencing, the following amino acid substitutions were found among the 112 NIDDM patients: Ala314Val in one patient (0.9%), Arg353Cys in three patients (2.7%), and Arg775Gln substitution in three patients (2.7%). We also screened 97 subjects with completely normal glucose tolerance and a negative family history of diabetes for these mutations. The Ala314Val and the Arg353Cys substitutions were not found in control subjects, but the Arg775Gln substitution was found in two (2.1%) control subjects. None of these mutations were located close to the glucose- and ATP-binding sites of HKII. We conclude that mutations of the HKII gene are not a major etiological factor for NIDDM in the Finnish population.
Polymorphisms of the human hexokinase II gene: lack of association with NIDDM and insulin resistance.; Skeletal muscle and adipose tissue hexokinase II is a promising candidate gene for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and insulin resistance. Therefore, we investigated the association of alleles at four polymorphic loci in this gene with NIDDM and insulin resistance in 110 Finnish diabetic patients with NIDDM and in 97 Finnish control subjects with normal glucose tolerance and a negative family history of diabetes. The four polymorphic nucleotide substitutions (silent) in the coding region of the hexokinase II gene were: GAC 251 GAT (exon 7), AAC 692 AAT and CCG 736 CCC (exon 15), and CTG 766 CTA (exon 16). Allele frequencies of each of these polymorphisms did not differ between patients with NIDDM and control subjects. In addition, subjects who were homozygous for the less frequent allele of each of the four polymorphisms had a similar degree of insulin resistance, as determined by the euglycaemic clamp technique, as did the subjects who were homozygous for the common allele in both control subjects and in patients with NIDDM. In conclusion, polymorphisms in the hexokinase II gene are not associated with the risk of NIDDM or insulin resistance in the Finnish population.
The effectiveness, safety and epidemiology of the use of acarbose in the treatment of patients with type II diabetes mellitus. A model of medicine-based evidence.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy, safety and extent of perceived indications of acarbose, a new antidiabetic agent, under routine clinical practice conditions in an unselected Northern Italian population of type II diabetic patients., METHODS: The study population was assigned to three different groups according to the physician's clinical judgement: group A (acarbose considered as an elective treatment); group B (acarbose considered to be of uncertain benefit): group C (acarbose deemed not to be appropriate). Group B patients were randomized either to continue their standard treatment or to add acarbose to it. Patients with type II diabetes mellitus were recruited from 17 diabetes outpatient clinics from one Italian region (Lombardy). A total of 1027 patients were recruited (group A: 283; group C: 494; group B: 250, of whom 124 were randomly assigned to standard treatment + acarbose and 126 to standard treatment alone). Acarbose was administered for 1 year at a median dose of 100 mg 3 times daily. Drug efficacy was evaluated in terms of mean HbAlc, pre- and post-prandial glycaemic values. Additional endpoints were the proportion of patients with HbA1c levels below 8% at the end of the study period and the proportion of subjects who needed a modification in the standard treatment. The safety and tolerability profiles of the drug were also investigated. Data on HbA1c, fasting and post-prandial blood glucose levels were analysed over time using repeated-measures analysis [Generalized Estimating Equation (GEE) models]., RESULTS: The analysis of Group B showed that, after treatment for 1 year, the mean reduction in HbA1c levels in the acarbose group with respect to the control group was 0.30% (95% confidence limits -0.60 +0.02; P = 0.07), while the mean reduction in post-prandial glycaemia was 17 mg-dl(-1) (95% c.l. -33.5 -0.8; P = 0.04). No difference resulted for fasting blood glucose levels. When looking at the baseline HbA1c levels, it emerged that the mean benefit associated with the use of acarbose was 0.14% (95% c.l. -0.6 +0.28; P = 0.5) in patients with HbAlc levels below 8%, 0.28% (95% c.l. -0.6 +0.05; P = 0.09) in those with values between 8% and 9.9% and 0.65% (95% c.l. -1.36 +0.06; P = 0.07) in those with values > or =10%. Only patients treated with diet+/-oral anti-diabetic agents (OAA) benefited from acarbose treatment (mean benefit = 0.37%, 95% c.l. -0.65 -0.08), while no effect was shown for insulin-treated subjects. The proportion of patients with HbA1c below 8% increased from 31% to 44% in the acarbose group and from 40% to 45% in the control group (absolute difference between baseline and end-of-study values = 8.0% in favour of acarbose-treated patients; P = 0.058). Patients treated with acarbose were significantly more likely to undergo a dose reduction in concomitant diabetic treatments compared with the control group; they were also less likely to require an increase in the dose of standard treatment and to start insulin during the study period. One third of the patients could not assume the drug for the whole study period, mainly due to gastrointestinal side-effects., CONCLUSIONS: The design adopted in this study allowed an integrated evaluation of the overall effectiveness of acarbose in clinical practice. The benefits of the drug in an unselected population of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients are significant but of marginal clinical relevance. Only a better definition of the subgroups of patients who are more likely to benefit from long-term treatment, particularly through possible postponement of secondary OAA failure, will allow a reliable definition of the cost-effectiveness of this complementary component of anti-diabetic strategy.
Insulin resistance implications for type II diabetes mellitus and coronary heart disease.; PURPOSE: To review information on the implications of insulin resistance for type II diabetes mellitus (non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus) and coronary heart disease, and to derive guidance from this information for the management of these conditions., DATA SOURCES: A MEDLINE search of English-language articles published between 1985 and July 1996, and review of the bibliographies of articles obtained through the MEDLINE search and textbooks., STUDY SELECTION: Primary research articles, reviews and perspectives on the epidemiology of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases and on intervention outcomes in these diseases., DATA EXTRACTION: Study design and quality were assessed, with particular attention to methods, study population size and other characteristics. Conclusions of review articles and perspectives were analyzed critically., DATA SYNTHESIS: Type II diabetes is associated with a two- to fourfold excess of coronary heart disease, compared to nondiabetic populations. In most studies, glycemia and duration of clinical diabetes were found to be only weak risk factors for coronary heart disease. Conventional coronary heart disease risk factors such as dyslipidemia and hypertension have been associated with coronary heart disease in type II diabetes subjects. Hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance have been predictive of the development of type II diabetes and, in some studies, of coronary heart disease., CONCLUSION: Strategies to prevent the development of coronary heart disease in diabetic and possibly prediabetic subjects should emphasize a multifactorial approach, including: a) improved glycemic control; b) aggressive treatment of risk factors for coronary heart disease, including insulin resistance; c) primary prevention of NIDDM; and d) use of glucose lowering agents that improve insulin sensitivity and cardiovascular risk factors.
Remission of Type II Diabetes Mellitus after Duodenal Switch: the Contribution of Common Channel Length.; INTRODUCTION: The role of the common channel length in duodenal switch (DS) on remission of type II diabetes mellitus (DM), when stratifying patients based on diabetes severity, is not well understood., METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed 341 consecutive patients with DM undergoing DS with one of three different common channel (CC) lengths (100 cm, 150 cm, and 200 cm), each with a fixed 300 cm alimentary limb (AL). Patients were stratified by insulin dependence (IDDM) versus non-insulin dependent diabetes (NIDDM). Data was collected at one year and at the last available follow-up., RESULTS: The NIDDM group had a similar average HbA1c at last follow-up for each of the CC lengths. However, the IDDM group had lower average HbA1c with shorter CC lengths (100 cm = 5.4%, 150 cm = 6%, 200 cm = 6.4%, p < 0.05). Shorter CC lengths resulted in a greater proportion of patients achieving remission in the IDDM group (66%, 50%, 32% in the 100 cm, 150 cm, and 200 cm CC, respectively, p < 0.01). Improvements in HbA1c were independent of weight loss and average DiaRem scores were similar between CC lengths. Rates of nutritional deficiencies were higher in shorter common channel lengths. Revision for malnutrition was similar between common channel lengths (100 cm group: 3.7%; 150 cm group: 1.8%; 200 cm group: 0%, p = NS)., CONCLUSIONS: When the AL is fixed, shortening CC lengths results in improved glycemic control and remission of DM in patients with the need for insulin preoperatively. Milder forms of DM are treated well with any of the CC lengths. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
Plasma total homocysteine and macrovascular complications are associated with food and nutrient intake in patients with Type II diabetes mellitus.; The present study was conducted to document the association between plasma homocysteine levels and the presence of macrovascular angiopathy with food and nutrient intake patterns among patients with Type II diabetes mellitus in Korea. Plasma total homocysteine concentration was analyzed by HPLC-fluorescence detector method in 127 patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. Logistic regression analyses were performed respectively to study the association of plasma homocysteine levels with clinical and dietary characteristics and macroangiopathy (MA). The average plasma homocysteine level of patients with MA was 14.2 micromol/l, which was significantly higher than that of patients without MA (11.4 micromol/l). The proportions of patients with MA showed a significant difference, being 32.3% in hyperhomocysteinemic (>14.0 micromol/l) patients and 13.5% in others with homocysteine levels lower than 14.0 micromol/l. Odds ratios for macroangiopathy by tertile increase of plasma homocysteine concentration were 1.633 (Q(2)) and 4.831 (Q(3)), when adjusted for age, sex, and cigarette smoking. Patients with MA consumed reduced amounts of vitamin B(1), B(2), and folate. The results indicate that the plasma homocysteine levels are significantly increased in NIDDM patients who have macroangiopathy. Dietary management such as increased fruits and vegetables and decreased potatoes and starches might be beneficial for the prevention of macroangiopathy in diabetic patients.
Association of Sst I polymorphism in apolipoprotein C3 gene with hypertriglyceridaemia in coronary atherosclerotic heart disease and type II diabetes mellitus in Chinese population.; Several independent population studies have reported that the apolipoprotein C3 (APOC3) Sst I polymorphism in apolipoprotein (apo) A1 /C3/A4/A5 gene cluster is associated with Hypertriglyceridaemia (HTG). HTG is a known risk factor for coronary atherosclerotic heart disease(CHD)and type II diabetes mellitus (non-insulin-dependent diabetes, NIDDM). The aim of this study is to investigate the association between the APOC3 gene Sst I polymorphism and the hypertriglyceridaemia in CHD and NIDDM in Chinese population. The genotype and allele frequencies of APOC3 Sst I polymorphism (S1/S2) were analyzed by PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism in 267 CHD patients, 246 NIDDM patients and 491 unrelated healthy control individuals. The frequencies of minor allele 52 in CHD group, NIDDM group and control group were 0.301, 0.307 and 0.286, respectively. Compared with controls, there was no significant difference in distribution of genotype and allele frequencies of Sst I polymorphic site in CHD patients and NIDDM patients, respectively. However, the frequency of S1 S2 genotype in the HTG subgroup was significantly higher than that of the normal triglyceridaemia subgroup (NTG) in CHD patients (0.542 > 0.357, chi2 = 8.77, P = 0.0124). In NIDDM patients, the frequency of S2 S2 genotype in the HTG subgroup was significantly high, compared with that in the NTG subgroup (0.200 > 0.055, chi2 = 20.21, P = 0.0000), and there was significantly difference in the distribution of allele frequencies in subgroups of NTG and HTG (chi2 = 19.86, P = 0.0000). The level of triglyceride (TG) in S1 S2 genotype patients of CHD group were higher than that of S1 S1 genotype patients (P = 0.036). In NIDDM and controls groups, S2 S2 genotype individuals exhibited a significant increase in plasma TG concentrations, respectively compared with S1 S1 and S1 S2 genotype individuals of each group (P < 0.01). The minor allele S2, which was associated with both CHD with HTG and NIDDM with HTG and may contribute to the susceptibility of hypertriglyceridemia in CHD and NIDDM patients, may be one of the genetic predispositions to both CHD with HTG and NIDDM with HTG in Chinese population.
[The relationship between angiotensin II type 1 receptor gene and coronary heart disease, hypertension and diabetes mellitus in Chinese].; OBJECTIVE: To ascertain whether the angiotensin II type 1 receptor (AGTR1) gene is associated with coronary heart disease (CHD), hypertension (HTN) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in Chinese and to observe the interaction of AGTR1 gene and angiotensin I converting enzyme(ACE) gene to the development of the associated disease in Chinese., METHODS: 270 cases of Chinese with CHD, HTN or NIDDM in single or in different combinations were genotyped for the A1166C variation at the 3'-untranslated region of AGTR1 gene by using PCR/Dde I restriction endonuclease digestion. And also, the insertion/deletion polymorphism at the intron 16 of ACE gene was typed by PCR., RESULTS: (1) AGTR1 gene was associated with CHD (logistic regression analysis, P=0.02), but not with HTN and NIDDM; (2) The attributable risk of AGTR1 gene for CHD was 12.5% and the odds ratio was 4.55. Both AGTR1 gene and ACE gene were independent variation factors for CHD (P=0.032 and P=0.002 respectively); (3) The contribution of AGTR1 gene to the development of CHD was independent of total body adiposity, blood lipid profile and blood pressure; (4) The analysis of individual combined genotypes of AGTR1 gene and ACE gene showed significant difference in frequency distribution between patients with CHD and controls., CONCLUSION: AGTR1 gene contributes to the development of CHD and is an independent risk factor for CHD in Chinese.
Autonomy of the renin system in type II diabetes mellitus: dietary sodium and renal hemodynamic responses to ACE inhibition.; Recognition that non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a leading cause of end-stage renal disease (ESRD), and a focus of recent therapeutic and genetic studies on the renin system have rekindled interest in mechanisms by which angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors influence the diabetic kidney. We evaluated the renal hemodynamic status of 19 hypertensive patients with NIDDM under controlled sodium balance, low (10 mmol/day for 5 to 7 days) or high (200 mmol/day for 5 to 7 days). The renal plasma flow (RPF) response to ACE inhibition and to angiotensin II (Ang II) infusion was measured as para-aminohippurate (PAH) clearance before and during enalapril administration (10 mg b.i.d. for 3 days). Our premise was that if renal vasodilation induced by ACEI involves kinins, prostaglandins, and/or nitric oxide, vasoconstrictor responses to Ang II would be blunted. Conversely, if the dominant ACE inhibitor action were a reduction in Ang II formation, the consequence would be up-regulation and an enhanced vasoconstrictor response to exogenous Ang II. RPF in NIDDM on a high-salt diet was lower than in age-matched controls (477 +/- 25 vs. 551 +/- 25 ml/min/1.73 m2; P = 0.02). Enalapril increased RPF in NIDDM to 511 +/- 29 ml/min/1.73 m2 (P < 0.05) and enhanced renal vasoconstrictor responses to Ang II infusion, from -68 +/- 9 to -106 +/- 18 ml/min/1.73 m2 (P = 0.03). Baseline plasma renin activity (PRA) and plasma aldosterone significantly exceeded matched normotensive controls (1.1 +/- 0.5 vs. 0.3 +/- 0.1 ng AI/ml/hr and 10 +/- 0.9 vs. 4.1 +/- 0.5 ng/dl, P < 0.01, respectively). Conversely all measures in studies on a low-salt diet were normal. Our findings indicate that: (1) NIDDM with hypertension is associated with reduced RPF when dietary salt intake is high, (2) reduced Ang II formation is the dominant mechanism of ACEI-induced renal vasodilation in hypertensives with NIDDM; and (3) the sustained renal hemodynamic responses to ACE inhibition despite high-salt balance, and the increased PRA suggest an autonomous renin-angiotensin system suppressed subnormally by a high salt diet in patients with NIDDM despite greater volume expansion.
Elevated cytosolic calcium and impaired proliferation of B lymphocytes in type II diabetes mellitus.; Patients with diabetes mellitus have increased susceptibility to infection attributable, at least in part, to defective function of polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMNLs) and B cells. Certain data suggest that cytosolic calcium ([Ca2+]i) is elevated in various cells in diabetes, and high [Ca2+]i adversely affects cell function. Indeed, the [Ca2+]i of PMNLs of diabetic patients is elevated, and phagocytosis of the PMNLs is impaired. The current study examines whether the [Ca2+]i of B cells is also elevated in diabetes and whether this derangement impairs B cell function. We studied 32 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and eight normal subjects. All patients had hyperglycemia (11.6 +/- 0.80 mmol/L) and elevated HbA1c (13.2% +/- 0.99%). The basal levels of [Ca2+]i of the B cells (113 +/- 3.3 nmol/L) were significantly (P < 0.01) higher than the values in normal subjects (85 +/- 1.7 nmol/L). There was a direct and significant correlation (r = 0.88; P < 0.01) between the [Ca2+]i of B cells and the blood levels of glucose. Proliferation of B cells in response to Staphylococcus aureus Cowan I (SAC) was significantly impaired in these patients (7.3 +/- 0.48 x 10(3) cpm v 12.5 +/- 0.61 x 10(3) cpm in normal subjects). Normalization of blood glucose with the hypoglycemic agents, glyburide, was associated with the return of both [Ca2+]i of B cells and their proliferation in response to SAC to normal. The results show that hyperglycemia in type II diabetes mellitus is associated with a significant increase in [Ca2+]i of B cells and with a decrease in their proliferation in response to mitogen. These derangements are reversed after the correction of the hyperglycemia. The data of the current study and those previously reported in PMNLs provide for a new pathogenetic process underlying the dysfunction of these cells in diabetes mellitus.
Hemodynamic characterization of the diabetic Psammomys obesus--an animal model of type II diabetes mellitus.; The hemodynamic changes occurring early in the course of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (Type II, NIDDM) are not well understood. We applied the radioactive microspheres technique at an early stage of diabetes in Psammomys abesus (sand rat), an established animal model of spontaneous NIDDM. Ten diabetic and 7 control male animals were studied. Plasma glucose and insulin levels in the diabetic group were significantly higher than in the control group (21.3 +/- 2.1 vs. 6.2 +/- 1.1 mmol/l, and 2,650 +/- 480 vs. 770 +/- 120 pmol/l, respectively). Mean arterial blood pressure, heart rate, cardiac output, splanchnic blood flow, muscular blood flow, and total peripheral resistance were not statistically different between the two groups. Renal blood flow was significantly lower in the diabetic group (7.45 +/- 0.32 vs. 10.48 +/- 0.99 ml/min) and renal arterial resistance was higher (11.65 +/- 0.93 vs. 8.33 +/- 0.76 mm Hg.min/ml) compared with the control group. These results suggest that increased renal resistance and decreased renal blood flow may be the initial hemodynamic alterations in NIDDM. The combination of this animal model with the radioactive microspheres technique provides a new tool for studying the physiopathology, the natural history of hemodynamic changes, and possible therapeutic interventions of Type II diabetes.
Oral hypoglycemic agents in type II diabetes mellitus.; The patient with type II, or non-insulin-dependent, diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is characterized by obesity and insulin resistance, with resultant hyperinsulinemia and hyperglycemia. Sulfonylureas are the chief therapy for patients with NIDDM; for a limited time, these agents stimulate increased insulin secretion. With chronic administration, sulfonylureas improve the diabetic patient's insulin activity by increasing cellular insulin receptors and reducing insulin postreceptor defects. Metformin, a drug in the biguanide class, is now approved for use in the United States. This drug does not stimulate insulin release but works by lowering glucose in peripheral tissues. It can be used alone or in combination with a sulfonylurea. With sulfonylureas and metformin, therapy for the patient with NIDDM can be more effectively tailored.
Effect of type II diabetes mellitus on cognitive function.; BACKGROUND: As people with diabetes mellitus suffer from peripheral and autonomic neuropathy, we thought it possible that deficits in cognitive function might also be found. Our objective was to compare the cognitive function of elderly persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with a matched sample of persons without NIDDM:, METHODS: Ninety outpatients over 50 years of age with NIDDM and 90 matched nondiabetic patients were recruited for the study. The Modified Mini-Mental State (3MS) and the Delayed Word Recall (DWR) test were used to assess cognitive function., RESULTS: On the 3MS test, the mean score of persons with NIDDM was 75.6, and that of nondiabetic persons was 79.5 (two-tailed t = 3.04, P = .013). On the DWR, the mean score of persons with NIDDM was 3.9, and that of persons without NIDDM was 4.7 (two-tailed t = 3.52, P = .012)., CONCLUSIONS: Persons with NIDDM had significantly poorer scores on two tests of cognitive function. Physicians should be aware of this association between type II diabetes and a small but definite impairment of cognitive function.
[Effect of fish oil concentrate on the lipoprotein profile of patients with type II diabetes mellitus].; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is associated with increased very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) and triglyceride concentrations as abnormalities of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) composition. Because fish oil has a strong triglyceride lowering effect in case of normolipemic subjects, we investigated the influence of supplementary fish oil diet in patients suffering from NIDDM (n = 19), who until now were not treated by drugs but only by diet. The study was started with a placebo-run-in-period for four weeks (phase I, 6 g rape seed oil capsules/d), followed by a verum period for twelve weeks (phase II, 6 g fish oil concentrate capsules/d), and a wash-out-period for four weeks (phase III, 6 g rape seed oil capsules/d). The fish oil supplementation contained at least 3 g eicosapentenoic and docosahexenoic acid. The lipoproteins, apolipoproteins, blood glucose, and insulin level (fasting and after load test) were checked at the beginning and at the end of each phase. In comparison to the placebo rape seed oil supplementation, the fish oil diet effected a decrease of serum triglycerides by 29%. LDL-cholesterol increased by 9%, HDL-cholesterol by 9% (especially HDL2-cholesterol), and apolipoprotein B by 4%. Apolipoprotein A-I was reduced by 9%. The fasting blood glucose and the glucose load test as the insulin level (fasting and after load test) showed no significant changes at the end of the verum period in comparison to the run-in-phase.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Mutation in mitochondrial tRNA(Leu)(UUR) gene in a large pedigree with maternally transmitted type II diabetes mellitus and deafness.; Non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is characterized by hyperglycaemia and insulin resistance, and affects nearly 5% of the general population. Inherited factors are important for its development, but the genes involved are unknown. We have identified a large pedigree in which NIDDM, in combination with a sensorineural hearing loss, is maternally inherited. The maternal inheritance and the observed decrease in mitochondrial enzyme activities of the respiratory chain indicate a genetic defect in the mitochondrial DNA. An A to G transition was identified at nucleotide 3,243, a conserved position in the mitochondrial gene for tRNA(Leu)(UUR). This mutation cosegregates with the disease in this family and is absent in controls, and indicates that a point mutation in mitochondrial DNA is a pathogenetic factor for NIDDM.
[Beneficial effects of added glicazide in patients with type II diabetes mellitus treated with insulin].; The aim of the study was to assess, in patients with non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), either with previous failure to sulphonylureas or insulin treated since the disease started, if the combination of gliclazide to insulin therapy might induce a reduction of daily insulin requirement. 30 caucasian type II patients used to self-monitoring (11 female, 19 male, mean age 55.78 +/- 8.07) with residual pancreatic function (glucagon induced C-peptide release = 1.01 +/- 0.70 microgram/ml) entered the study. 8 were excluded for non compliance or for high antiinsulin antibodies levels and 4 are still under study. Each patients was given, for 3 months, 240 mg of gliclazide in addition to usual daily dose of insulin. Data presented as mean +/- s.e.m. were analysed with analysis of variance (p less than 0.05). Mean initial values of main parameters were as follows: glycaemia 192.7 +/- 33.1 mg/100 ml, insulinaemia 9.5 +/- 4.5 microUI/ml, daily insulin requirements 33.11 +/- 10.47 U/d, HbA1 C 7.5 +/- 1.7%. Total cholesterol 240.1 +/- 52.2 mg/10 ml, triglycerides 120.6 +/- 60.3 mg/100 ml. After 3 months treatment significant reduction in mean daily insulin requirements (20.78 +/- 16.15 U/d) was observed. In 13 patients (72.2%) while keeping good metabolic control (HbA1 C 7.46 +/- 1.63), insulin therapy was reduced (9 patients) or even stopped (4 patients). In the other 5, insulin was maintained or slightly increased. The increase in glucagon induced C-peptide release (1.41 +/- 0.99 micrograms/ml) did not reach significance, while glycaemia and insulinaemia were not changed (196.0 +/- 34.1 mg/100 ml, 11.02 +/- 5.05 microUI/ml). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
[Pulsed-wave color Doppler echography of the intrarenal vessels in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and incipient nephropathy].; Diabetic nephropathy affects a subset of about 40% patients with Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (IDDM); it also develops in a less defined percentage (30-50%) of patients with non Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (NIDDM), after a period of 15-20 years. It is usually divided in 5 stages: the first 3 are characterized by renal hypertrophy and increased glomerular filtration surface area (I stage) followed by glomerular histological lesions (II stage) and early nephropathy with microalbuminuria (III stage). At these stages nephropathy is still reversible by medical treatment (ACE inhibitors) and good metabolic control. Aim of this study was to assess the usefulness of duplex sonography with Doppler wave form analysis in the evaluation of early diabetic nephropathy, in order to detected patients at risk for irreversible renal disease. Fifteen patients (10 males and 5 females) aged 28-46 years, affected by IDDM were studied; 15 healthy subjects (7 males and 8 females) aged 20-45 years composed the control group. All of them underwent duplex Doppler sonography of kidney; a scanner with a 3.5 MHz transducer (Toshiba 270 SSA) was used. All patients had renal function tests within normal range. Pulsatily Index (P.I.) and Resistive Index (R.I. of Doppler waveform were obtained at the interlobar arteries; the average value of 3 bilateral measurements was taken. Doppler sonography was done by the same authors without knowledge of the patient group (case or control). Both indexes (P.I. and R.I.) resulted to have higher values in patients with IDDM compared to controls: P.I. = 1.46 +/- 0.30 vs. 1.07 +/- 0.06, p < 0.05; R.I. = 0.77 +/- 0.09 vs 0.60 +/- 0.03, p < 0.05. Even if our data have to be confirmed by further studies, they suggest that duplex Doppler sonography may be a useful complementary test in the evaluation of diabetic nephropathy, even in the early stages.
High retinol/retinol-binding protein ratio in noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The authors evaluated serum retinol, retinol-binding protein (RBP), and beta-carotene levels to elucidate the retinoid metabolism in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The mean retinol levels by gender (1.83 mumol/L for females and 2.24 mumol/L for males) in diabetics were higher than those (1.31 mumol/L for females and 1.82 mumol/L for males) in control subjects (P < 0.0001, P < 0.01, respectively). The mean retinol/RBP ratios (0.95 for females and 0.97 for males) of diabetics were higher than those of the control subjects (0.60 for females and 0.64 for males) and of male patients having impaired glucose tolerance (0.55) (P < 0.0001). Lipid-lowering medication significantly decreased retinol, with decreasing apolipoprotein C-II but without a commensurate decrease in RBP. The retinol levels had a positive correlation with apolipoprotein C-II in all or normolipidemic patients with diabetes and control subjects. The high retinol/RBP ratio implies that an excessive or free retinol possibly exists in NIDDM. An alternative metabolism of retinol is inferred to underlie NIDDM without direct influences of cholesterol or triglyceride themselves.
Linkage disequilibrium block single-nucleotide polymorphisms in FTO alpha ketoglutarate dependent dioxygenase gene inference with breast cancer and Type II diabetes in Pakistani female population.; Breast Cancer and Diabetes Mellitus are top ranked non-communicable life threatening diseases concerned in South Asia. The growing scientific clues witness the involvement of genetic variations which readily serve as risk factors for the disease onset. Comprehending the association of genetic predictors and risk factors in the conserved genome regions can help reveal underlying disease genetics and identify the sustained druggable targets. The present study aims to identify discrete inference of FTO alpha-ketoglutarate dependent dioxygenase gene linkage disequilibrium block SNPs rs9940128 and rs9939609 as prognostic genetic elements in defining the disease course either as BrC or NIDDM in Pakistani population. Clinically abreast female Breast Cancer and Type II (Non-Insulin Dependent) Diabetes Mellitus cases with the healthy controls participated in the study. The genomic study was established on the DNA of cases and controls through Tetra primers ARMS PCR and PCR-RFLP; data were analyzed statistically to reach comprehensive scientific annotation. Breast Cancer incidence was high in post menopause women. Fretful cholesterol, triglycerides, hypertension, sugar profiles and high incidence in females was evident in Type II (Non-Insulin Dependent) Diabetes Mellitus. BMI and family history were meager factor for either of the diseases. FTO gene alpha-ketoglutarate dependent dioxygenase linkage disequilibrium block Single-Nucleotide Polymorphism rs9939609 and rs9940128 threating inference was significant in the cancer and diabetes subjects correspondingly. The conclusion indicates serious clinical derailments in breast cancer and Type II (Non-Insulin Dependent) Diabetes Mellitus auxiliary to disease complication in genetically risk bearing FTO alpha-ketoglutarate dependent dioxygenase gene haplotype/linkage disequilibrium block SNPs prevailing in the affected Pakistani population. These clinical and genetic indicators could decisively be adopted in health care practice to intervene the sky rising disease incidence. Copyright: © 2023 Mansoor et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Muscle fiber composition and capillary density in women and men with NIDDM.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether muscle fiber composition and capillary density differed between diabetic and nondiabetic subjects., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Muscle fiber composition and capillary density were determined in biopsies from women and men with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and compared with those of control subjects matched for gender, age, obesity, and the waist-to-hip ratio, which are all factors known to influence muscle morphology., RESULTS: Patients with NIDDM, as well as control subjects with abdominal obesity and insulin resistance, showed the same abnormalities in muscle morphology, namely, a low percentage of type I fibers, elevated type II (particularly type IIB) fibers, and a low capillary density. These changes correlated closely with insulin concentrations in both diabetic and nondiabetic groups., CONCLUSIONS: Recent information suggests that insulin may regulate myosin synthesis in muscle in the direction of the changes observed. Therefore, it is possible that muscle fiber composition abnormalities in insulin-resistant conditions are secondary to hyperinsulinemia. However, the low capillary density, hypothetically, may contribute to insulin resistance.
Myocardial blood flow and glucose metabolism in diabetes mellitus.; Recent studies at our institution using positron emission tomography (PET) provide evidence that both myocardial blood flow (MBF) and glucose metabolism may be affected in patients with diabetes mellitus. A retrospective study revealed inadequate myocardial glucose uptake as assessed by 2-[18F]fluoro-2-deoxyglucose (18FDG) in 64% of type I (insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, IDDM) and 36% of type II (non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, NIDDM) patients. However, a study in 7 patients with IDDM and 9 controls showed that metabolic standardization using hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp is associated with similar myocardial glucose uptake in both groups (0.43 +/- 0.16 vs 0.44 +/- 0.12 micromol/g per min; p = nonsignificant). Furthermore, we studied MBF as assessed by [13N]ammonia in 15 IDDM patients without coronary artery disease. We found an impairment in flow reserve in diabetic patients as compared with a control group of 13 healthy volunteers (2.6 +/- 1.3 vs 4.0 +/- 0.6; p <0.01), which was primarily due to a significantly higher resting MBF (95.3 +/- 27.7 vs 69.1 +/- 8.1 mL/100 g per min; p <0.01). Hyperemic flow during adenosine infusion tended to be lower in diabetics, but was not significantly different (236.3 +/- 105.7 vs 273.0 +/- 26.0 mL/100 g per min; p = nonsignificant). Morphologic and functional abnormalities of the coronary microcirculation have been reported in diabetic animals and humans. Furthermore, there is an ongoing controversy regarding the existence of a specific diabetic cardiomyopathy that is not related to epicardial coronary disease. However, few studies have explored the effect of diabetes, hyperinsulinemia, or hyperglycemia on MBF and glucose metabolism in humans. With PET it is possible to perform comprehensive noninvasive studies of various aspects of cardiac function in patients with diabetes mellitus.
[Anesthesia and diabetes mellitus].; There are two types of diabetes mellitus. Type I, insulin-dependent diabetes (IDDM), which becomes manifest before the age of 40, is the result of an absolute deficiency of insulin. Type II, the non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM), develops in the elderly and is caused by a relative insulin deficiency. Patients with type-I diabetes are prone to the development of ketoacidosis, while type II causes hyperglycaemic, hyperosmolar, nonketotic coma. Apart from these acute metabolic alterations, the long-term complications of diabetes are of concern to the anaesthesiologist. Hypertension, coronary artery disease, renal insufficiency and autonomic neuropathy are common and can result in myocardial ischaemia, cardiovascular instability and gastroparesis, with an increased risk of aspiration. Limited movement of the atlanto-occipital joint can cause difficult intubation. To avoid perioperative metabolic catastrophy, blood glucose concentration should be kept between 6.7 and 10 mmol.l-1 (120-180 mg.dl-1). Hypoglycaemia can result in neurological damage, whereas hyperglycaemia causes impaired wound healing and susceptibility to infections and worsens ischaemic damage to the myocardium and brain. Perioperative diabetes management depends on the severity of the surgical procedure and the type of diabetes. All type-I diabetics, whatever operation being performed, need insulin. The intravenous route is recommended as it allows better adjustment. After determination of the fasting blood glucose level, insulin is given at a dosage of 0.5-1 U.h-1 (at gluc < 11.1 mmol.l-1), 1.5-2 U.h-1 (at gluc 11.1-16.7 mmol.l-1) or 3 U.h-1 (at gluc > 16.7 mmol.l-1). In addition, 5-10 g glucose.h-1 is given. In type-II diabetes the oral antidiabetic drug is withheld. During minor surgery the blood glucose concentration is monitored frequently, and if necessary insulin (with gluc > 13.9 mmol.l-1) or glucose is given. In most cases of major surgery insulin therapy will be necessary. Administration should follow the guidelines listed for type-I diabetes. Whether the intravenous or the subcutaneous route is used for insulin, repeated glucose determinations are mandatory. If ketoacidosis develops the volume depletion is treated with normal saline. For hyperglycaemia and acidosis insulin (3-6 U.h-1) with 10-20 mmol.h-1 potassium phosphate is given. Bicarbonate is only indicated when the serum pH is lower than 7.1. It must be borne in mind that perioperative management of diabetes does not end with postanaesthesia care.
Vascular proliferation and transforming growth factor-beta expression in pre- and early stage of diabetes mellitus in Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima fatty rats.; The roles of transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta 1 in vascular proliferation, atherosclerosis, and plaque still remain controversial. TGF-beta 1 has been previously reported to inhibit the proliferation and migration of vascular smooth muscle cells and endothelial cells, in vitro. On the other hand, administration or transgenic overexpression of TGF-beta 1 enhances extracellular matrix synthesis and cellular hyperplasia of the intima and media in the normal artery and injured artery in vivo. We evaluated the correlation of arterial proliferation with plasma levels of TGF-beta 1 and TGF-beta receptor type II, respectively, in Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rats, a new strain of spontaneous non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) models. OLETF rats (n=30) were divided into three groups aged 5,15, and 30 weeks. Long-Evans Tokushima Otsuka (LETO) rats (n=30) were used as age-matched non-diabetic controls. Plasma TGF-beta1 and insulin were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Immunoreactive TGF-beta receptor type II antigen was detected by immunohistochemistry on the thoracic artery. Arterial media area was measured microscopically. Oral glucose tolerance test was performed to examine the stage of diabetes mellitus. The thoracic aorta wall section area increased significantly from the age of 15 weeks in OLETF rats, versus LETO rats. In both OLETF and LETO rats, plasma TGF-beta 1 increased significantly from the age of 15 weeks. In OLETF rats, plasma TGF-beta 1 increased significantly over that in LETO rats (P<0.001). Furthermore, TGF-beta receptor type II was detected on aortic wall as strong signals in OLETF rats, but only weakly in LETO rats. OLETF rats showed hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance from the age of 15 weeks. With oral glucose tolerance test, from the age of 15 weeks, the high glucose level in OLETF rats was prolonged to 2 h after loading, and the insulin levels at both fasting and after loading were significantly higher than those of LETO rats (P<0.001). There are significant linear relations between plasma TGF-beta 1 antigen and aorta wall section area, and plasma TGF-beta 1 antigen and fasting insulin level (P<0.001, respectively). We found that plasma TGF-beta 1 and vascular TGF-beta type II receptors existed to a greater extent in pre- and early stages of diabetes mellitus (DM) in OLETF rats compared with LETO rats. The greater extent of each in OLETF rats was associated with hyperinsulinemia and/or vascular thickening.
Diabetes mellitus in Benghazi.; The records of 10,772 diabetic patients registered in Benghazi diabetic clinic during the period 1969-1985 were analysed. Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM or type II) accounted for 97.8% of patients. Of the whole clinic population 77.2% were below 40 years of age. The disease started below the age of 20 years in 1.9%. Male to female sex ratio was 1:1.2. Family history of diabetes was positive in 23.77%. Sixty-nine per cent of patients were obese. Patients presented with symptoms suggestive of diabetes mellitus in 79.7% of cases.
Intraplatelet serotonin in patients with diabetes mellitus and peripheral vascular disease.; Intraplatelet serotonin (5-HT) content was determined in 23 patients with type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (IDDM), 23 patients with type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), 29 patients with peripheral vascular disease (PVD) and 34 age-matched normal subjects. Intraplatelet 5-HT content in normal subjects showed an age-related decline (r = -0.45; P less than 0.008), as has been previously demonstrated. The median 5-HT content in platelets of the young normal subjects was 4.36 (range: 3.62-6.79) nmol 10(-9) platelets, while that in the elderly normal subjects was 3.87 (range: 2.8-6.0) nmol 10(-9) platelets and that in young + elderly subjects was 4.05 (range: 2.8-6.8) nmol 10(-9) platelets. The median intraplatelet 5-HT content was significantly lower (P less than 0.002) in IDDM patients: 3.0 (range 1.3-6.3), NIDDM patients: 2.5 (range 1.7-5.8), PVD patients: 2.42 (range 0.94-4.98) nmol 10(-9) platelets than that in all young + elderly healthy subjects. The presence of hypertension in DM patients caused a small but significant (P less than 0.05) decrease in intraplatelet 5-HT content, whilst its presence had no effect in PVD patients. In a smaller study, it was established that NIDDM and PVD patients have significantly (P less than 0.002) greater plasma 5-HT concentrations than controls. Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients had greater plasma 5-HT concentrations but this did not achieve statistical significance despite a 66% increment in its value.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in minority youth: research priorities and needs.; The prevalence of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is increasing in Native American and African-American youth, with females more frequently affected than males. This increase is related to increasing rates of obesity and to the greater demand for insulin at adolescence. This review examines the epidemiologic data about NIDDM in minority youth and addresses questions about the type of diabetes minority youth have, the relative contributions of environment and genetics to their diabetes, and whether prevention or control is possible. The heterogeneity of NIDDM in the minority youth population includes: typical NIDDM; atypical diabetes mellitus (ADM), which has been described in a substantial number of African-American youngsters; and a small proportion with a range of defects in the pathway of insulin action. Clinical and experimental evidence that insulin resistance or insulin deficiency is the primary defect in NIDDM are reviewed, as is evidence that fetal undernutrition may be a contributing factor. The numerous reports of linkages, associations, and mutations or polymorphisms in candidate genes account for a very small proportion of non-type 1 diabetes. Environmental and genetic contributors to obesity are also important. Research issues relating to the questions discussed include the need for data comparing various populations and assessing risk factors associated with the epidemic of NIDDM and obesity, costs to the health system and attendant personal and societal costs, clarification of the types of NIDDM in minority populations that will permit appropriate therapy and counseling, and extensive studies of environmental and genetic factors. Genetic studies include a genome wide search and continued analysis for candidate genes for both NIDDM and obesity. Environmental factors for study include the role of fetal and perinatal nutrition and drug exposure. Finally, collaborative multicenter studies are needed of prevention or control of obesity and NIDDM.
[Glutamic acid decarboxylase autoantibodies (antiGAD-Ab) in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)].; AIM OF STUDY: To assess the prevalence of markers of autoimmune destruction of pancreatic beta-cells in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., SUBJECTS: 127 hospitalized NIDDM patients subdivided to the following subgroups: non-obese with C-peptide < 0.3 nmol/l (NIDDM-(-)), non-obese with C-peptide > 0.3 nmol/l (NIDDM-(+)), obese with C-peptide < 0.3 nmol/l (NIDDM+(-)) and obese with C-peptide > 0.3 nmol/l (NIDDM2+). METHODS AND MEASURED PARAMETERS: Age, BMI, C-peptide, autoantibodies to glutamic acid decarboxylase (antiGAD-Ab), autoantibodies to islet cells (ICA), markers of specific cellular immunity CD4, CD8, CD19, CD4/CD8, CD4/CD45/RA+, CD4/CD45/RA-, NK (CD16+56), CD3/HLADR, organ specific/non-specific autoantibodies., RESULTS: AntiGAD-Ab were positive in 5/15 (33.3%) NIDDM-(-), 1/32 (3.1%) NIDDM-(+), 2/9 (22.2%) NIDDM+(-) and in 3/71 (4.2%) NIDDM2+. The positivity of antiGAD-Ab in NIDDM-(-) and NIDDM+(-) was significantly higher (p < 0.05) than in NIDDM-(+) and NIDDM2+., CONCLUSION: Some patients with manifestation of diabetes in older age initially classified and treated as having NIDDM may have in fact slowly evolving autoimmune insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (LADA). These patients can be identified by measurement of antiGAD-Ab or other markers (ICA, IA-2) of autoimmune destruction of pancreatic beta-cells (AID). Moreover, in some patients both AID and insulin resistance may coexist in parallel.
Effect of timely insulin administration on pancreatic B-cells of Otsuka-Long-Evans-Tokushima-Fatty (OLETF) strain rats. An animal model of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; Morphological changes of the pancreas and impairment of pancreatic B-cell function in a model rat (Otsuka Long Evans Tokushima Fatty [OLETF]) with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus might be the result of over-activity of B-cells to compensate for insulin insensitivity. To test this possibility, we studied whether the histological and functional alterations in the pancreas of male OLETF rats were improved by treatment with insulin for a certain period, which might reduce the burden to B-cells. Groups of 6 male OLETF rats and 5 or 4 male non-diabetic control Long Evans Tokushima Otsuka (LETO) rats received injections of insulin (Ultralente MC; 10 U/kg/day to OLETF rats, 5 U/kg/day to LETO rats) or saline subcutaneously, once a day for 3 weeks from 24 weeks of age. Then their insulin responses to glucose (200 mg/dl) and arginine (10 mmol/l) were examined by perfusion of the pancreas. The morphological features of their pancreata were also examined. The insulin response to glucose in OLETF rats treated with insulin was significantly higher than that of OLETF rats treated with saline (sigma IRI 142.5 +/- 27.0 vs. 37.4 +/- 6.3 ng/ml.20 min, p < 0.05) and unlike in the latter showed the normal two phases. The morphological changes of the pancreas in the insulin-treated OLETF rats were remarkably ameliorated, animals showing no enlargement and only slight fibrosis of islets. Thus treatment with insulin was effective for preventing B-cell dysfunction and morphological changes of the pancreas in NIDDM model rats.
Obesity, albuminuria and hypertension among Hong Kong Chinese with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; A total of 412 Hong Kong Chinese diabetic patients were studied on at least two occasions 8-16 weeks apart. Although 28% were insulin-treated, only 3.6% had insulin-dependent diabetes (IDDM). In the remaining 397 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM), the mean (s.d.) body mass index (BMI) was 24.4 +/- 3.2 kg/m2 in females and 24.2 +/- 3.2 kg/m2 in males. Obesity was present in 17% of males (BMI > 27 kg/m2) and 40% of females (BMI > 25 kg/m2). Established hypertension was present in 49%. Abnormal albuminuria, defined as a mean urinary albumin/creatinine (UA/Cr) ratio greater than 5.4 mg/mmol based on two random spot urine samples, was present in 47%. On stepwise multiple regression analysis, UA/Cr ratio (R2 = 0.34, F = 65.4, P < 0.001) showed significant associations with systolic blood pressure (standardized regression coefficient beta = 0.40, P < 0.001), plasma creatinine concentration (beta = 0.27, P < 0.001) and glycosylated haemoglobin (beta = 0.20, P < 0.001). While the prevalence of hypertension increased with increasing severity of proteinuria, 40% of normoalbuminuric patients had hypertension. Among patients diagnosed before the age of 35 (n = 67), 52% were insulin-treated although only 10% were insulin-dependent. Among these NIDDM patients of young onset (n = 59), obesity was present in 25% of males and 56% of females. Overall, 18% of these patients had a blood pressure greater than 140/90 mmHg and 27% had abnormal albuminuria. In Hong Kong Chinese, diabetes mellitus is predominantly non-insulin-dependent even in the young. Obesity is more prevalent among females. Abnormal albuminuria is relatively common and is closely associated with hypertension and glycaemic control. In the light of increasing prevalence of diabetes among overseas Chinese, our findings may have important implications in the management of Chinese diabetic patients.
Insulin requirement in elderly patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; Diabetes mellitus in the elderly is mainly of the non-insulin dependent type (NIDDM). A large proportion of such patients are treated with insulin, after many years of therapy with oral hypoglycemic agents (OHA), on the assumption that these lose their efficacy with time. Moreover, many such patients are obese and show preserved insulin release. In the present study 45 obese subjects with NIDDM (14 under good metabolic control and 31 who presented hyperglycemia for at least 3 mo prior to testing) were placed on a strictly hypocaloric diet (800 Kcal/d) for 20 to 24 d. All of these patients had preserved insulin release. At the end of the trial, all the patients presented a significant reduction in body weight and a near normalization of the blood glucose profile, as well as a significant decrease both in the serum cholesterol and triglyceride levels and in the systolic blood pressure. On the basis of these results, insulin and OHA could be reduced in all the patients and suspended in some of these. The decrease in blood glucose levels was the same in all the patients regardless of the length of time that each had suffered from NIDDM. Five non-obese patients were placed on the same regimen, but the daily insulin dose could not be reduced. These data indicate that the majority of obese elderly patients with NIDDM are unnecessarily treated with insulin or with OHA, while diet alone would be sufficient to keep them under good metabolic control.
Therapeutic effect of tolbutamide in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Relation to beta-cell function.; The therapeutic effect of tolbutamide (1.5 g daily) in a random sample of patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), was studied in a controlled, double-blind cross-over trial of 13 women and 6 men, aged 40-65 years and of 85-155% ideal body weight. The trial comprised C-peptide determinations during a standard carbohydrate rich meal followed by four periods of 3 months in which alternating tolbutamide and placebo were given. From the beginning to the end of the treatment periods fasting blood glucose was reduced from 11.9 +/- 1.1 (mean +/- SEM) to 10.0 +/- 0.8 mmol/l (P less than 0.025), glycohaemoglobin from 12.8% +/- 0.7 to 11.3% +/- 0.5 (P less than 0.02) with a close correlation between fasting blood glucose and glycohaemoglobin (r = 0.87, P less than 0.001). The observations during the first 3 months of study was not included in the calculations. Fasting C-peptide and fasting insulin concentrations were not significantly altered by tolbutamide treatment. The effect of tolbutamide was inversely correlated to the C-peptide response to the standard test meal at the start of the trial (r = 0.76, P less than 0.01), so that patients with the most pronounced beta-cell failure had the greatest therapeutical effect. The beta-cell response to the test meal could not identify patients, whose fasting blood glucose would be normalized by tolbutamide treatment.
[Effect of salvia miltiorrhiza composita on superoxide dismutase and malonyldialdehyde in treating patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)].; OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of Salvia Miltiorrhiza Composita (SMCo) in treating non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: The superoxide dismutase (SOD) and malonyldialdehyde (MDA) levels of 20 patients with NIDDM were observed before and after treatment with Salvia Miltiorrhiza Composita and 20 patients without using SMCo were studied as controls., RESULTS: The SOD levels were significantly lower than that of normal (P < 0.05), and MDA significantly increased (P < 0.01). After treatment with SMCo, the SOD levels were significantly increased (P < 0.01), there was no difference between the treatment group and the normal group. In the control group, the SOD levels had increase tendency and MDA had decrease tendency, but there was significant difference compared with the normal (P < 0.05, P < 0.01 respectively). The total effective rate of anti-lipid peroxidation injury in the group combined with intravenous SMCo was markedly higher than in the group without SMCo therapy (90% vs 60%, P < 0.01)., CONCLUSION: SMCo could resist lipid peroxidation injury.
Overview of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in different population groups.; There are remarkable world-wide differences in the prevalence of diabetes, ranging from virtually 0% in Papua, New Guinea, to over 50% in the Pimas of Arizona. There are also notable rural-urban (e.g. Polynesians in rural and urban Western Samoa) and native-migrant (eg Chinese in China and in Mauritius) differences. The reporting of a high prevalence of diabetes in many populations that have undergone either urbanization or migration suggests that environmental factors related to lifestyle are contributory. Two such factors may be physical inactivity and dietary animal fat. There are also remarkable differences in ethnic susceptibility to non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), indicative of a strong genetic factor. Obesity is a risk factor for NIDDM. In addition to body weight, however, the pattern of distribution of body fat must also be considered. In some ethnic groups a central pattern of body fat distribution has been shown to be a significant risk factor even in the absence of obesity. This is particularly true in many Asian populations. It is proposed that genetic predisposition plus environment (lifestyle) interact and lead to visceral adiposity and insulin resistance, and that heredity and lifestyle also interact to cause a beta-cell lesion that affects insulin production and secretion. Development of insulin resistance facilitates the emergence of the beta-cell lesion. A consequence of this sequence of events is the development of glucose intolerance, and eventually, NIDDM.
The feasibility of intensive insulin management in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Implications of the Veterans Affairs Cooperative Study on Glycemic Control and Complications in NIDDM.; OBJECTIVE: To review the results from the Veterans Affairs Cooperative Study on Glycemic Control and Complications in NIDDM (VACSDM) and to discuss the implications of the results from this feasibility trial., DESIGN: A randomized clinical trial comprising 153 men with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) who remained hyperglycemic on usual pharmacologic therapy. Patients were randomized into two groups receiving either standard or intensive insulin therapy and were followed for 27 months., SETTING: Five Veterans Affairs medical centers., PATIENTS: 153 men with NIDDM, aged 40 to 69 years, who had hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels of greater than 6.55% while receiving sulfonylurea or insulin therapy., INTERVENTION: Standard insulin therapy was one or two insulin injections daily. Intensive insulin therapy was done using a stepwise approach: 1) evening intermediate or long-acting insulin; 2) addition of daytime glipizide; 3) insulin twice daily, with no glipizide; and 4) insulin three to four times daily, with no glipizide., MEASUREMENTS: Fasting blood glucose and HbA1c levels, retinopathy, lipid and urinary albumin levels, cardiovascular events, hypoglycemia, and body mass index., RESULTS: In the intensive group, the HbA1c level fell 2.07 percentage points; the mean HbA1c level was 7.3% from 6 months onward. The standard group experienced little change. These changes occurred without significant weight gain and with a very low rate of severe hypoglycemia. Sixteen patients (20.5%) in the standard group and 24 patients (32%) in the intensive group had cardiovascular events (P = 0.1)., CONCLUSIONS: It is feasible to achieve excellent glycemic control in men with NIDDM in whom standard pharmacologic therapy has failed. The benefit/risk ratio of intensive insulin management in this patient group is not established and has been made the subject of a long-term prospective clinical trial.
Epidemiologic studies on the pathogenesis of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; The diagnostic criteria of the US National Diabetes Data Group and the World Health Organization have stimulated a major increase throughout the world in epidemiologic studies on the pathogenesis of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). They have established that much of NIDDM is undiagnosed, that onset of NIDDM occurs at least 7 y before its diagnosis, and that significant morbidity and premature mortality occur in subjects with undiagnosed diabetes. New studies have shown that rural or traditional-living populations are experiencing a major increase in the burden of NIDDM as they move to urban or nontraditional situations, often with 5- to 10-fold increases in NIDDM prevalence. Epidemiologic studies have documented that major risk factors for NIDDM include increasing age, greater obesity, longer duration of obesity, unfavourable body fat distribution, physical inactivity, and hyperinsulinemia. All these factors interact with unknown genetic factors to produce NIDDM. Studies have shown that genes for diabetes, as yet undetermined, are a necessary cause of NIDDM. Hyperinsulinemia exists in childhood in populations at high risk for NIDDM. Stimulated by obesity, upper body obesity, and physical inactivity, insulin resistance develops, accompanied by impaired glucose tolerance. The pressure of the NIDDM risk factors continues this process of insulin resistance/hyperinsulinemia/hyperglycemia, until glucose toxicity to the beta cell results in inability to secrete sufficient insulin, resulting in decompensated fasting hyperglycemia.
Prevention of complications in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; It is expected that the number of patients with diabetes mellitus will increase in the near future. The high rate of microvascular and macrovascular complications developing in these patients will place an even higher burden on our healthcare systems. Several pathophysiological factors are involved in the development of complications, among which are hyperglycaemia per se, the consequent formation of advanced glycation end-products (AGEs) and the intracellular accumulation of sorbitol. In addition, hypertension and dyslipidaemia also play an important role, especially in the development of coronary heart disease and stroke. The major therapeutic goals in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are to reduce obesity and normalise lipid disturbances and increased blood pressure, in order to improve the well-being of the patient and reduce the risk of the development of late diabetic complications. Often, pharmacological treatment of the hyperglycaemia is necessary, in which case sulphonylureas, metformin, alpha-glucosidase inhibitors such as acarbose, or insulin may be employed. It is believed that medical interventions, by their effect on improving metabolic control, reduce the incidence and severity of diabetic complications, especially when considering the toxic effects of glucose and the accumulation of AGEs as a consequence of raised tissue glucose levels. This concept is also based on extrapolation of the finding of the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial that intensive glycaemic control in IDDM will prevent the progression of at least the microvascular complications like retinopathy and nephropathy. There are, however, no long term studies in NIDDM patients to show that treatment with oral antihyperglycaemic agents helps to postpone or prevent complications. It is expected that the UK Prospective Diabetes Study will show whether better metabolic control, either with oral antihyperglycaemics or with insulin, will indeed improve outcome. Several other studies aiming at specific risk factor intervention (hypertension, hyperlipidaemia, lipid oxidation) in NIDDM patients are currently ongoing.
Effects of simvastatin versus gemfibrozil on lipids and glucose control in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. NIDDM Study Group.; The objective of this study was to compare the lipid-altering efficacy and safety of simvastatin with that of gemfibrozil in hypercholesterolemic patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The study was a 24-week, double-blind, randomized, multicenter trial conducted at clinics and hospitals in the United States, Austria, Germany, Brazil, and New Zealand. The study population included 168 men and women aged 34 to 78 years with NIDDM and primary hypercholesterolemia (low-density lipoprotein cholesterol [LDL-C] level at screening was > or = 4.9 mmol/L with no other risk factor or > or = 4.1 mmol/L with one or more other risk factors). All patients had been under moderate-to-good diabetic control (hemoglobin A1c [HbA1c] < or = 10.0%) for at least 6 months with diet alone, oral hypoglycemic agents, or insulin therapy. Patients meeting eligibility criteria were randomized to receive either simvastatin 10 mg (titrated up to 40 mg to achieve an LDL-C level < 3.4 mmol/L) once in the evening or gemfibrozil 600 mg twice daily. There were 81 patients in the simvastatin group and 87 patients in the gemfibrozil group. After 17 weeks of treatment, simvastatin significantly reduced levels of total cholesterol, LDL-C, and very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C) by approximately 25%, 33%, and 20%, respectively (P < or = 0.001), and triglycerides by about 9% (P < or = 0.05). The drug increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels by about 6% (P < 0.01). Gemfibrozil significantly reduced total cholesterol, VLDL-C, and triglyceride levels by approximately 8%, 38%, and 27%, respectively (P < 0.001); it significantly increased HDL-C values by about 12% (P < 0.001). Gemfibrozil lowered LDL-C levels by 4% but not significantly. The decreases in total cholesterol and LDL-C were significantly greater (P < 0.001) in the simvastatin group, and decreases in VLDL-C and triglycerides were significantly greater in the gemfibrozil group (P < 0.01). The changes in HDL-C were not significantly different between groups. LDL-C values of < 3.4 mmol/L were achieved in 60% of the simvastatin patients and 14% of the gemfibrozil patients. There were no significant between-group differences in fasting serum glucose or HbA1c at any time point. Glycemic profiles (performed at baseline and after 17 weeks of treatment) and glucose area under the curve (at baseline and after 17 weeks of treatment) were not significantly different between treatment groups. Both drugs were generally well tolerated.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Effectiveness of comprehensive nursing intervention program (CNIP) on knowledge and practice regarding the prevention of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) among adults.; BACKGROUND: There are estimated 72.96 million cases of diabetes in the adult population of India. The prevalence in urban areas ranges between 10.9% and 14.2%, and the prevalence in rural India ranges between 3.0% and 7.8% among the population aged 20 years and above with a much higher prevalence among individuals aged over 50 years. This study aimed to determine the effectiveness of comprehensive nursing intervention program (CNIP) on knowledge and practice regarding the prevention of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) among adults., MATERIALS AND METHODS: A quasi-experimental one-group pretest-posttest design was chosen for the study. Adults were selected using a simple random sampling technique by the lottery method; of 120 eligible adults, 60 were selected to participate in the study. The study was conducted in an urban community, Bangalore, and data were collected from March 25, 2022, to April 23, 2022. CNIP consisted of education, demonstration of exercise, and information booklet. The pretest and posttest were collected using the structured knowledge questionnaire for assessing the level of knowledge and non-observational checklist for assessing the level of practice among adults. Data were analyzed by descriptive and inferential statistics., RESULTS: There was significant improvement in the mean scores of knowledge from 52.3 to 82.2 and practice mean score from 45.5 to 68.4. The paired t-test value of knowledge was 3.88, and practice was 2.97, which was significant at P < 0.05 level., CONCLUSIONS: The study concluded that CNIP had a great role in increasing the level of knowledge and practice among adults in the prevention of NIDDM. Copyright: © 2024 Journal of Education and Health Promotion.
Gender-based comparison of factors affecting regular exercise of patients with Non-Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (NIDDM) based on the 7th Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES).; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine the gender factors that influence regular exercise in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in Korea., METHODS: A total of 1,432 patients with NIDDM were recruited using raw data from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Survey conducted between 2016 and 2018. SAS 9.4 was adopted for data analyses, and the distributional difference was measured with multinomial logistic regression and Rao-Scott x2 statistics to identify the factors that influence the regular physical activities of patients. that the analysis only provides associations., RESULTS: Based on general characteristics, health behaviors, and conditions, patients with NIDDM in Korea were less physically active. In addition, patients with higher educational attainment, higher income, and higher subjective health conditions had a higher odds ratio for regular exercise. Meanwhile, the ratio was lower for smokers and those stressed up., CONCLUSION: A professional guide for the initial phase of training and consistent management is required to increase the involvement of patients with NIDDM in regular exercise. Therefore, it is important to maintain their motivation to continue exercising. Rather than providing a universal guideline, it is more important to provide customized programs and management plans which reflect factors that influence their engagement in physical activities, such as individual physical strength, stress level, alcohol consumption, and arthritis.
Rhus coriaria ameliorates insulin resistance in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) rats.; We have investigated the effect of methanolic extract of Rhus coriaria (RC) on hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance and insulin sensitivity in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) rats. NIDDM was induced by single intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (STZ, 100 mg/kg) to 2 days old rat pups. RC (200 mg/kg and 400 mg/kg) was administered orally once a day for 5 weeks after the animals were confirmed diabetic (i.e, 90 days after STZ injection). A group of citrate control rats were also maintained which has received citrate buffer on the 2nd day of their birth. There was a significant increase in blood glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and serum insulin levels were observed in NIDDM control rats. Treatment with RC reduced the elevated levels of blood glucose, HbA1c and insulin in the NIDDM rats. An oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was also performed in the same groups, in which we found a significant improvement in glucose tolerance in the rats treated with RC. The insulin sensitivity was assessed for both peripheral insulin resistance and hepatic insulin resistance. RC treatment significantly improved insulin sensitivity index (K(ITT)) which was significantly decreased in NIDDM control rats. There was significant rise in homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-R) in NIDDM control rats whereas RC treatment significantly prevented the rise in HOMA-R in NIDDM treated rats. Our data suggest that methanolic extract of RC significantly delayed the onset of hyperinsulinemia and glucose intolerance and improved insulin sensitivity in NIDDM rats.
Comparison of spinal deformity surgery in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) versus controls.; STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective review., OBJECTIVE: To quantify the exact impact of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) on operative complications and additional surgeries associated with spinal deformity surgery., SUMMARY OF BACKGROUND DATA: There are many references supporting diabetes mellitus (DM) as one of the major risk factors for perioperative complications in spinal surgery. However, the results vary depending on the type of DM, suggesting that insulin-dependent DM causes more complications than NIDDM, which is far more prevalent in the adult population with spinal deformity., METHODS: Among 5119 adult patients (older than 40 yr) with deformities, 23 patients with NIDDM and 23 control (group C) patients with a minimum 2-year follow-up were selected. Both groups were matched for age at surgery, sex, body mass index, number of comorbidities, smoking history, current and prior fusion levels, estimated blood loss, and the amount of transfusion. Pre- and final Scoliosis Research Society (SRS) scores and Oswestry Disability Index (ODI), number of perioperative complications, and additional surgeries were compared. Within the group with NIDDM, patients with (+) or without (-) complications were compared in terms of postoperative glucose control., RESULTS: There were no significant differences in the number of major or minor complications or additional surgeries between the 2 groups. There was no significant difference in postoperative glucose control with the NIDDM group (+) and (-). Group C reported significantly improved scores at final follow-up in all SRS domains and ODI. The group with NIDDM reported improvement in all domains except for the mental health and pain domains. However, there were no significant differences between the group with NIDDM and group C in terms of SRS and ODI scores preoperatively and postoperatively., CONCLUSION: Contrary to traditional thinking, properly selected NIDDM was not a significant risk factor for perioperative complications or additional surgeries in adult patients with spinal deformities.
Effect of consumption of finger millet on hyperglycemia in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) subjects.; The effect of consumption of finger millet based diets on hyperglycemia was studied in 6 non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) subjects. All the experimental diets were planned to be isocaloric and also to contain 75 g equivalent of carbohydrate load so that glycemic response could be compared with a 75 g glucose load. The glycemic response to breakfast items compared to that of glucose was determined by comparing the areas under the 2 hr glucose response curve. Consumption of finger millet based diets resulted in significantly lower plasma glucose levels, mean peak rise, and area under curve which might have been due to the higher fiber content of finger millet compared to rice and wheat. The lower glycemic response of whole finger millet based diets may also have been due to the presence of antinutritional factors in whole finger millet flour which are known to reduce starch digestibility and absorption.
Blood and liver lipid concentrations in EDS shrews exhibiting spontaneous non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; The EDS (early-onset diabetes in suncus) colony was developed as a new laboratory colony of the musk shrew and is characterized by a high incidence of early-onset spontaneous non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We examined blood lipid (triglyceride [TG], total cholesterol [TC], phospholipid [PL], free fatty acid [FFA]) and liver lipid (TG, TC, PL) concentrations to investigate the features of lipid metabolism in these animals. All lipid concentrations examined both in blood and liver of the diabetic shrews had a tendency toward higher values than those in non-diabetic shrews. The PL concentration was the only parameter that barely showed a significant difference. Values for all blood lipid concentrations in diabetic shrews at 7-9 months tended to be higher than those of 2-month-old diabetic shrews, although the difference was not significant. These findings indicate that diabetic EDS shrews exhibit a much milder defect of lipid metabolism induced by NIDDM than other rodent models.
Diabetic cataract of the musk shrew (Suncus murinus, Insectivora) exhibiting spontaneous non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; The EDS colony, developed as a new laboratory colony of the musk shrew, is characterized by a high incidence of early-onset spontaneous non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). In this colony, a few diabetic shrews exhibited a cataract at 1 month after the onset of diabetes, and all diabetic shrews had bilateral cataracts at 5 months after the onset of diabetes. In contrast, cataractous animals were never observed among non-diabetic shrews. These results suggest that the cataract in the EDS colony is a diabetic complication.
A case-control study of physical activity and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). the San Luis Valley Diabetes Study.; PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to examine the association between physical activity and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: We conducted a population-based case-control study in Hispanic and non-Hispanic white men and women, ages 20-74. A total of 167 cases with NIDDM and 1100 controls with normal glucose tolerance were included. All subjects completed an oral glucose tolerance test., RESULTS: Persons with recently diagnosed NIDDM reported significantly lower levels of physical activity than control subjects. For total metabolic units, the odds ratio for subjects in the highest tertile compared to those in the lowest tertile was 0.60 (95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.37-0.98) after adjusting for age, sex, ethnicity, and family history of diabetes. The adjusted odds ratio for persons reporting high levels of vigorous activity (at least three times per week for 20 minutes) was also less than 1, but was not statistically significant (odds ratio (OR) = 0.73, 95% CI = 0.47-1.14). Similar adjusted odds ratios were observed for high versus low levels of self-assessed work activity (OR = 0.50, 95% CI = 0.34-0.74) and leisure time physical activity (OR = 0.62, 95% CI = 0.44-0.90). Further adjustments for body mass index attenuated the strength of the association between physical activity and NIDDM. This is consistent with the hypothesis that obesity is one consequence of physical inactivity that puts individuals at increased risk for NIDDM. The association of physical activity and NIDDM was stronger in Hispanic than in non-Hispanic white subjects, although this difference was not statistically significant., CONCLUSIONS: High levels of physical activity are associated with lower odds of NIDDM and this relationship may be stronger in Hispanic subjects.
[Relations of glycemic control to diabetic nephropathy in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)--a pair-matched case-control study].; OBJECTIVE: To describe the relations between glycemic control and development of diabetic nephropathy (DN) in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: A retrospective analysis was carried out on two groups of NIDDM patients, one group without proteinuria (< 300 mg/day, n = 106) and the other group with proteinuria (> or = 500 mg/day, n = 106). The two groups were matched by age <or= +/- 3yrs, sex, race and resident place. Information of these subjects including demographic, history of diseases, family history of diseases, life-style and behavior style was obtained by self-administered questionnaire. Variables including systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), fasting blood glucose (FBG), quantity of protein in 24-h urine were measured. Successful glycemic control denoted that the mean value of FBG's surveillance was less than 140 mg/dl after the occurrence of DM (the duration to the development of DN for the patients with DN.). Conditional logistic regression analysis was carried out., RESULTS: Results from univariate analysis showed that development of proteinuria was associated with glycemic control, the FBG level at diagnosis of NIDDM and the highest FBG level in the past. The corresponding odd ratios (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were 0.43 (0.25 - 0.75); 1.34 (1.05 - 1.72) and 1.35 (1.07 - 1.70) respectively. When data were adjusted by possible confounding factors, the relation of glycemic control to DN still existed, but the other two relations disappeared., CONCLUSION: Successful glycemic control decreased the occurrence risk of DN, independent of other risk factors including diabetic duration.
Modifications in the TXA(2) and PGI(2) plasma levels and some other biochemical parameters during the initiation and development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) syndrome in the rabbit.; Having developed a non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) syndrome model in the rabbit using Wirsung duct ligation, it appeared interesting to use it to study the relationship between glycemia and the plasma levels of TXA(2)and PGI(2), and of some other biochemical parameters such as cholesterol, triglycerides, alkaline phosphatase and transaminases. A comparative study was carried out in the sham-operated rabbits (controls, C) and those having their pancreatic duct ligatured (NIDDM, D) at 15, 30, 40, 50 and 60 days post-ligation. On the 40th days, whereas in the controls, glycemia was 1.17 +/- 0.04 g.l(-1), it reached a maximum of 4.62 +/- 0.76 g.l(-1)(25.40 mM) in the NIDDMs. No significant modification was observed either in cholesterolemia or in triglyceridemia in either group. The GOT and GPT were highly increased, from 11.50 +/- 4.00 IU. l(-1)and 27.00 +/- 1.50 IU.l(-1)(C) to 37.50 +/- 5.64 IU.l(-1)(P<0. 001) and 58.50 +/- 7.50 IU.l(-1)(D) (P<0.001) in the NIDDM group, suggesting that hyperglycemia occurred simultaneously with the degeneration of the pancreatic tissue. In parallel, in D rabbits, the plasma levels of TXB(2)and 6 keto PGF(1alpha)were augmented to 68.22 +/- 6.20 pg.ml(-1)versus 22.49 +/- 5.74 pg.ml(-1)(C) (P<0.001), and 127.11 +/- 14.39 pg.ml(-1)versus 48.65 +/- 4.51 pg.ml(-1)(C) (P<0. 001) respectively. Statistical studies showed a significant correlation (P<0.05 and <0.02) between glycemia and the biosynthesis of eicosanoids under study. Moreover, 25 mM was found to be the threshold level of glucose excess essential to increase the TXA(2)and PGI(2)biosynthesis significantly. This supports the results obtained by other authors studying the action of glucose on phospholipase activity and consequent eicosanoid production. Copyright 2000 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
Developing a new model for non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) by using the Philippine wild mouse, Mus musculus castaneus.; The Philippine wild-caught castaneus mouse (Mus musculus castaneus) and laboratory mouse (C57BL/6J: B6) were used to develop a new non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) model. Offspring from the cross between a wild male and B6 female were backcrossed to the sire. One male which exhibited highest fasting hyperglycemia (190 mg/dl) among eighty-seven backcross offspring was selected at 10 weeks of age, and crossed with a B6 female to comprise the fundamental stock (F0). Thereafter, full-sib mating was performed to develop a new inbred strain named CBD (Castaneus-B6 diabetic) mouse. Mice with relatively higher fasting hyperglycemia among F0 and F1 generations were selected for breeding. From the F2 generation, mice were defined as diabetic when blood glucose levels exceeded 200 mg/dl at 120 min in intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test (IPGTT) at 10 weeks of age, and have been selectively bred. The incidence of diabetic males from the F3-F6 generation fluctuated 45-75% at 10 weeks of age and 59-72% at 20 weeks of age. Diabetic males had about two-fold higher fasting glucose and insulin levels than B6 males. Glucose-stimulated insulin secretion was impaired in diabetic CBD mice compared to B6 males at 20 weeks. Moreover, diabetic mice had slight obesity compared to B6 mice. These facts indicated that diabetic features of CBD mice resemble NIDDM in humans. The CBD strain, characterized by high incidence and early onset of diabetes with mild obesity would be of value as a new NIDDM model. The method, utilizing wild castaneus mouse of different origin from laboratory mice, maybe useful in the development of other animal models.
IL-6 levels in gingival crevicular fluid (GCF) from patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), adult periodontitis and healthy subjects.; Cytokines play an important role in the pathology associated with chronic inflammatory diseases. One of these cytokines, interleukin 6 (IL-6) is a major mediator of the host response to tissue injury, infection and bone resorption. In the present study, gingival crevicular fluid (GCF) level of IL-6 was determined in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with periodontitis, adult periodontitis, and healthy controls by use of an enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Twenty-four NIDDM patients with periodontitis, twenty-four adult periodontitis and twenty-four healthy controls were selected for the study. GCF sampling was performed on the vestibular aspects of maxillary incisors and canine teeth. Plaque index (PI), gingival index (GI), gingival bleeding time index (GBTI), probing depth (PD) and probing attachment levels (PAL) were recorded from each sampling area and also the entire dentition. NIDDM and adult periodontitis patients had numerous sites with radiographic evidence of alveolar bone resorption, loss of attachment and pocket depth greater than 3 mm. The mean GCF IL-6 level was 2.43 +/- 0.97 ng/ml in NIDDM patients, 1.31 +/- 0.92 ng/ml in adult periodontitis and 0.62 +/- 0.58 ng/ml in healthy subjects, respectively (p < 0.05). GCF IL-6 levels were markedly higher in NIDDM and adult periodontitis groups compared to the healthy controls. No correlation was found between GCF IL-6 levels and all clinical parameters. These findings suggested that GCF IL-6 levels were significantly higher in the area of inflammation and periodontal destruction locally. The high IL-6 levels in NIDDM patients might be due to different microbial flora in periodontal pockets and altered immune system. Future studies are needed to evaluate the complex interaction among IL-6 GCF levels, host response and local microbial environment in the NIDDM patients.
A Markov chain model to assess the efficacy of screening for non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; BACKGROUND: The high prevalence and severe consequences of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in Taiwan calls for urgent measures to detect this disease in the asymptomatic phase. However, the efficacy of early detection of NIDDM is highly dependent on its natural history from the disease-free state, through the asymptomatic to the symptomatic phase and death from NIDDM or other causes., METHODS: In order to project the above progression, a five-state illness-and-death Markov chain model was proposed to estimate these transition parameters using data from two rounds of a blood sugar screening programme for NIDDM in Puli, in central Taiwan., RESULTS: Results showed that the annual incidence for asymptomatic NIDDM was 10.67 per 1000 (95% CI: 8.26-13.79) and the average duration between the asymptomatic and symptomatic phases (the sojourn time) was 8 years (95%CI: 5.74-11.29). The 10-year survival rate for asymptomatic NIDDM (79.35%) was better than that for symptomatic NIDDM (69.45%). Prediction of deaths from NIDDM was performed to assess how the efficacy of screening for NIDDM varied by different screening frequencies (annual, biennial, 4-yearly and the control group). Results indicated there is no substantial difference in mortality reduction from NIDDM among the annual, biennial and 4-yearly screening regimens. However, a 4-yearly screening regimen significantly reduced deaths from NIDDM by 40% (95% CI: 26-51%)., CONCLUSIONS: A long sojourn time and the substantial reduction in mortality suggest that a 4-yearly screening regime for NIDDM would be most effective and feasible in Taiwan. The proposed five-state Markov chain model can be applied to other similar NIDDM screening projects.
Haemostasis, cytoadhesive molecules (sE-selectin and sICAM-1) and inflammatory markers in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is connected with a higher incidence of macrovascular atherosclerotic disorders. The aim of the study was to detect any difference in levels of "cardiovascular risk factors"--fibrinogen, PAI-1 and inflammation response (documented by an increase of protein of acute phase orosomucoid) and of soluble cytoadhesive molecule sE-selectin and sICAM-1 (as markers of endothelial dysfunction) in blood plasma of 118 patients with NIDDM in comparison to the levels in blood plasma of 59 healthy persons as a control group. We observed higher levels of fibrinogen (fibrinogen level was 3.44 +/- 1.02 g/l in NIDDM pts versus 2.44 +/- 0.55 g/l in control group, p < 0.01) and PAI-1 Ag concentration was 159.7 +/- 110.3 ng/ml in NIDDM pts versus 51.43 +/- 24.64 ng/ml in control group, p < 0.01) together with an increase of acute phase protein orosomucoid as a "inflammatory response marker" (orosomucoid concentration was 0.85 +/- 0.23 g/l in NIDDM pts versus 0.54 +/- 0.18 g/l in control group, p < 0.01) in patients with NIDDM. The increase of these "cardiovascular risk factors" levels will be probably induced by higher activity of inflammatory cytokines IL-1 beta and/or TNF alpha in NIDDM patients, because both are inducers of orosomucoid fibrinogen and PAI-1 synthesis. This hypothesis is also supported by observation of higher levels of soluble cytoadhesive molecules sE-selectin (sE-selectin level was 64.25 +/- 26.8 ng/ml in NIDDM pts versus 46.64 +/- 29.57 ng/ml in control group, p < 0.01) and sICAM-1 (sICAM-1 level was 307.71 +/- 86.2 ng/ml in NIDDM pts versus 255.6 +/- 58.0 ng/ml in control group, p < 0.01) in patients with NIDDM. Both cytoadhesive molecules are produced by endothelial cells which are influenced by IL-1 beta and/or TNF alpha. According to these findings we suppose that an "inflammation" plays an important role in the evolution of atherosclerotic process at NIDDM together with the known influence of glucose and lipid metabolism pathology.
Restenosis after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; BACKGROUND: The effect of glycemic control on the incidence of restenosis after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA) in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has not been well analysed., METHODS: Out of 1282 consecutive patients who had undergone elective and successful PTCA over 8 years, 86 known to have NIDDM and 117 non-diabetic cases were analysed for restenosis following PTCA. Definition of restenosis is an increase from 50% to 75% diameter stenosis at the same lesion within 1 year after angioplasty. Those with familial hypercholesterolemia, renal failure, unstable angina pectoris, bypass graft surgery within 1 month were excluded. Blood pressure, body mass index, history of smoking, fasting blood glucose, post-prandial glucose, HbA1c, cholesterol, triglycerides, number of stenotic vessels, restenosis rate were studied - 6 months before PTCA and 1, 3, 6 and 12 months after PTCA., RESULTS: The frequency of restenosis within 1 year of PTCA was significantly greater in poorly controlled NIDDM (75%) than in well or moderately controlled NIDDM (30-40%) or non-diabetic subjects (33%). Multivariate analysis showed that the degree of control of diabetes was significantly correlated with restenosis., CONCLUSION: Restenosis following elective and successive PTCA was significantly more frequent in poorly controlled NIDDM compared with moderately or well-controlled NIDDM or non-diabetic subjects. Multivariate analysis also showed the significant correlation between restenosis and glycemic control. These findings indicate that control of diabetes plays an important role in reducing restenosis after PTCA.
Antidiabetic effects of an oral administration of Lactobacillus casei in a non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) model using KK-Ay mice.; The antidiabetic effects of Lactobacillus casei (LC) on a non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) model, KK-Ay mice, were investigated. The oral administration of LC to male 4-week-old KK-Ay mice, or raising the mice on a 0.05% LC-containing diet significantly decreased the plasma glucose at 8 to 10 weeks of age compared with the control group. The body weights of the LC-treated groups were lower than those of the control group, although the food intake was nearly the same in all groups. Phenotypic analysis of spleen cell surface markers revealed that the increase in CD4+ T cells at 12 weeks was significantly inhibited by the oral treatment with LC. Cytokine production, especially that of interferon-gamma and interleukin 2, was also inhibited in the oral LC-treated group. The plasma insulin levels of the LC-treated groups were also lower than those of the control group, and the insulin binding potential of red blood cells in the LC-treated mice was augmented more than that in the control group. Taken together, these findings led us to conclude that the oral administration of LC in the NIDDM model mice, KK-Ay, was involved in the decrease in the plasma glucose level and modified the host immune responses.
Metabolic control and prevalent cardiovascular disease in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM): The NIDDM Patient Outcome Research Team.; PURPOSE: Cardiovascular disease is a major cause of morbidity and death in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). While hyperglycemia is clearly related to diabetic microvascular complications, it contribution to large-vessel atherosclerosis is controversial., PATIENTS AND METHODS: We performed an analysis of the association between glycemic control and prevalent cardiovascular disease in 1,539 participants in the NIDDM Patient Outcomes Research Team study who were under usual care in a health maintenance organization. Prevalent cardiovascular disease and its risk factors were identified by self-administered questionnaire. Cardiovascular disease was defined by the presence of coronary heart disease, peripheral vascular disease, and/or cerebrovascular disease. Glycohemoglobin and lipid levels were obtained from a computerized laboratory database., RESULTS: The mean age of participants was 63 years (range 31 to 91); 51% were women. The mean duration of NIDDM was 9 years (range < 1 to 50), 35% took insulin, and 48% took sulfonylureas. Mean glycohemoglobin was 10.6%. Sixty percent had hypertension, 16% currently smoked cigarettes, and the mean total high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio was 5.7. Fifty-one percent had cardiovascular disease. Cardiovascular disease prevalence remained constant across increasing quartiles of glycohemoglobin for both men and women. In contrast, prevalent cardiovascular disease was associated with established cardiovascular disease risk factors including age (67 versus 59 years, P < 0.0001), hypertension (66% versus 54%, P < 0.0001), current cigarette smoking (17% versus 13%, P < 0.005), and total/HDL cholesterol ratio (5.9 versus 5.6, P < 0.005). Cardiovascular disease was also associated with duration of NIDDM (11 versus 8 years, P < 0.0001). In multiple logistic regression analysis controlling for established cardiovascular disease risk factors and diabetes duration and therapy, glycohemoglobin remained unassociated with cardiovascular disease., CONCLUSIONS: Glycemic control is not associated with prevalent cardiovascular disease in this large population of individuals with NIDDM. Conventional cardiovascular disease risk factors are independently associated with cardiovascular disease and be a more promising focus for clinical intervention to reduce atherosclerotic complications in NIDDM.
A 15-year follow-up study of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in Osaka, Japan. Factors predictive of the prognosis of diabetic patients.; Risk factors related to the prognosis of diabetic patients were studied in a follow-up study of 1939 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) for a mean observation period of 15 years at our institute. Age at entry into the study was the most powerful risk factor related to the survival of diabetic patients in this study. Moreover, the risk of death, computed in relation to baseline factors, was significantly increased in male patients; in patients with fasting plasma glucose (FPG) levels greater than 140 mg/dl, with hypertension, with diabetic retinopathy or with proteinuria; and in patients treated with an oral hypoglycemic agent of insulin at baseline, even after correction for age. The baseline factors were compared between the groups of patients who were alive and who had died at the end of the follow-up study. Greater age at onset of NIDDM and at entry into the study, higher FPG level, higher systolic and diastolic blood pressure, as well as an increase in the proportion of male patients and in patients with ischemic ECG changes, with diabetic retinopathy, with proteinuria, and with treatment with an oral hypoglycemic agent of insulin, were observed in the group of deceased patients. Furthermore, multiple logistic analysis indicated a significant relationship of age at entry, FPG, hypertension, retinopathy, proteinuria and therapeutic regimen to prognosis. We also found that the baseline factors predictive of prognosis were very different in each age group.
Docosahexanoic acid (DHA) improved glucose and lipid metabolism in KK-Ay mice with genetic non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; The hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic effect of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; C22: 6omega-3) ethyl ester was examined in KK-Ay mice and neonatal streptozotocin-induced diabetic (NSZ) which are respectively obese and lean animal models of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and in ddY normal mice. Single administration of DHA (500 mg/kg body weight) to KK-Ay mice significantly reduced (p<0.05) the blood glucose levels (BG) (p<0.05) and plasma free fatty acid levels (FFA) (p<0.05) at 10 h after oral administration when compared with control group. DHA (500 mg/kg body weight)-treated NSZ and normal mice, however, showed no change in these parameters. In addition, repeated administration of DHA (100 mg/kg) to KK-Ay mice significantly suppressed the increment of BG (p<0.05) and plasma triglyceride levels (TG) (p<0.01), and significantly decreased FFA (p<0.05) at 30 d compared with control group. DHA also significantly decreased the blood glucose at 60 and 120 min on insulin tolerance test (ITT). From these findings, it seems likely that DHA exhibits its hypoglycemic effects by increasing insulin sensitivity. It is concluded that DHA would be useful for treatment of obese type NIDDM with insulin resistance.
Do non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) share genetic susceptibility loci? An analysis of putative IDDM susceptibility regions in familial NIDDM.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has been viewed as genetically and physiologically distinct from insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), yet many of the recently suggested IDDM susceptibility loci are likely to increase the risk of diabetes through nonautoimmune mechanisms. To test the hypothesis that the IDDM susceptibility loci include important NIDDM susceptibility loci, we tested the linkage of 14 putative susceptibility regions with NIDDM among families and sibling pairs of Northern European descent. All regions were tested with highly informative microsatellite (simple tandem repeat) polymorphisms in up to 166 affected individuals from 42 families using both parametric and nonparametric methods (149 pairs for sibling pair analyses). We found no evidence for linkage to the majority of loci, including loci that appeared to be linked to IDDM in more than one study. We report some evidence for shared susceptibility for regions on chromosomes 1, 2, and 6. The best evidence based on multilocus affected pedigree member (APM) analysis of markers near D1S191 suggested linkage at P value .0001. This region has not yet been confirmed as an IDDM locus, and our analyses could represent a false-positive result. The role of these three regions will only be clarified by testing in additional families. In combination with other investigations in our laboratory for chromosome 11 susceptibility regions, our data generally do not provide convincing evidence that IDDM and NIDDM share common genetic factors among families of Northern European descent with ascertainment of two or more NIDDM siblings.
Hepatocyte nuclear factor-4 alpha gene mutations in Japanese non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients.; A mutation in the hepatocyte nuclear factor-4 alpha (HNF-4 alpha) gene has been recently reported to cause maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY) (Yamagata, Furuta, et al., 1996). The mutation can also be a good candidate for the responsible gene of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The existence of the mutated allele of Q268X (C to T substitution within the exon 7 of HNF-4 alpha gene) was searched in 514 alleles of Japanese NIDDM patients by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis. No mutation was found in these patients. The result showed that the Q268X mutation of HNF-4 alpha gene was not frequent among general NIDDM patients and that it cannot serve as the major diabetogenic gene in the Japanese ethnic group.
A 15 year follow-up study of patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in Osaka, Japan. Long-term prognosis and causes of death.; A 15 year follow-up study of diabetic patients was performed in Osaka, Japan. The subjects studied were 1939 patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), of whom 1000 (51.5%) were alive, 880 (45.4%) had died and 59 (3.0%) were untraceable at the end of 1993. The mortality rate per 1000 person-years of the subjects increased from 28.94 in 1960-1984 to 35.74 in 1985-1993, but the ratio of numbers of observed to expected deaths (O/E ratio) declined from 1.77 to 1.52 for the corresponding periods, suggesting an improvement in the prognosis for diabetic patients, with the exception of patients 65 years or over at the time of entry. Cerebro-cardiovascular and renal diseases were major causes of death, accounting for 48.4% of all deaths. In particular, disease of the heart was the cause of death in 20.5% of all deaths, cerebrovascular disease in 14.5% and renal disease in 12.0%. The O/E ratio was 11.30 for renal disease, which was remarkably high. The O/E ratios were 1.48 for malignant neoplasms, 3.02 for cancer of the liver and 2.15 for cancer of the pancreas. In the subjects less than 65 years of age at entry, a significant decrease in the O/E ratio for overall deaths, malignant neoplasms, disease of the heart, cerebrovascular disease and renal disease was observed, but no notable difference in the O/E ratio for ischemic heart disease was found between the periods 1960-1984 and 1985-1993. By contrast, in the case of subjects 65 years or more at entry, the O/E ratios for overall deaths, malignant neoplasms, disease of the heart, ischemic heart disease and cerebrovascular disease increased markedly in the later period, while there was a considerable decline in renal disease indicated during this period. The analysis suggested a structural change in causes of death of Japanese diabetic patients in recent years, with a relative increase in ischemic heart disease and a relative decrease in renal disease.
Gut incretin hormones in identical twins discordant for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)--evidence for decreased glucagon-like peptide 1 secretion during oral glucose ingestion in NIDDM twins.; The incremental glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP) responses (areas under curves; AUCs) were determined during a standard 180-min 75-g oral glucose tolerance test in a group of 12 identical twin pairs discordant for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 13 matched controls without family history of diabetes using highly sensitive and specific radioimmunoassay hormone assays. Data were analysed using multifactor analysis of variance (ANOVA) to identify and correct for possible covariates and to correct for multiple comparisons. Fasting plasma GLP-1 and GIP concentrations were similar in all groups. The twins with frank NIDDM had a decreased incremental GLP-1 response during oral glucose ingestion compared with controls without family history of diabetes (AUC +/- SEM: 0.55 +/- 0.14 vs 1.17 +/- 0.25 (mmol/l) x min, p < 0.05). The incremental GLP-1 secretion in the non-diabetic twins was not significantly different from neither their NIDDM co-twins nor the controls without family history of diabetes. The incremental GIP responses were similar in all study groups. Gender was identified as the major independent covariate for incremental glucose, insulin, GIP and GLP-1 responses, with higher values of all parameters in females. Waist-to-hip ratio and body mass index (BMI) were identified as independent but oppositely directed covariates for the incremental GLP-1 responses (waist-to-hip ratio: r = 0.43, p < 0.02; BMI: r = -0.34, p = 0.06). Incremental GLP-1 responses correlated with incremental insulin responses in the combined study population (N = 37; R = 0.42, p = 0.01). In conclusion, a decreased intestinal GLP-1 secretion may contribute to the abnormal insulin secretion during oral glucose ingestion in NIDDM twins. However, decreased secretion of gut incretin hormones (GLP-1 or GIP) does not explain all of the defects of pancreatic insulin secretion in NIDDM patients/twins or in non-diabetic individuals (identical twins) with a genetic predisposition to NIDDM.
Fetal and infant influences on non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; The 'thrifty phenotype' hypothesis states that impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are the result of adaptation to undernutrition in the fetal and infant environment. In adapting the fetus and infant have to be nutritionally 'thrifty'. If poor nutrition continues throughout life these adaptations are not detrimental. However, if adult nutrition is better, the ability of the pancreas to maintain homeostasis is exceeded, with resulting diabetes. The hypothesis has been tested by a series of longitudinal studies which relate early growth with IGT and NIDDM in adult life. The studies show that babies who are small at birth or during infancy have increased rates of IGT and NIDDM. These relations are independent of social class and are seen at all levels of current body mass. More detailed anthropometric measurements at birth show that the baby at risk of glucose intolerance is characterized by disproportionate fetal growth, particularly relative thinness. Direct measurements have shown that this is a function of insulin resistance rather than deficiency. Reduced fetal growth is also associated with higher levels of plasma glucose in children. The aetiology of IGT and NIDDM may lie in undernutrition in utero or during infancy. This has major implications for their prevention.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in Korea.; The prevalence of diabetes mellitus in Korea has increased tremendously during the past several decades. In addition to the explosive increase of diabetes mellitus, the clinical characteristics of diabetes mellitus in Korea seems to be quite different from those of Western countries. Most patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are non-obese and many of them lose weight significantly during the course of developing diabetes. The pathogenic mechanism(s) underlying this phenotype is still unclear. A subgroup of patients known as slow onset IDDM exists, but this could not explain the majority of non-obese NIDDM in Korea. In order to examine whether insulin resistance/hyperinsulinaemia is important in the development of NIDDM we conducted the following studies. Fasting plasma glucose and insulin concentration were measured in subjects with normal glucose tolerance, impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes mellitus. The peak plasma insulin level was much lower than that of Pima Indians or Caucasians. We also found that the insulin sensitivity index measured by euglycemic hyperinsulinaemic clamp in the first degree relatives of Korean NIDDM patients was not lower than that in a control group. This data suggests that insulin resistance, or hyperinsulinaemia, does not play a major role in the development of NIDDM in Korea. Taken together with the rarity of obese NIDDM in Korea, it maybe suggested that the insulin secretory capacity of Korean people being smaller than Western people they cannot compensate for the insulin resistance imposed by recent changes in life style.
Efficacy and tolerability of slow release urapidil (ebrantil) in hypertensive patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; Urapidil, a new alpha-blocker that peripherally antagonizes postsynaptic alpha 1 receptors and centrally causes a reduction in sympathetic tone as agonist of the serotoninergic receptors, was assessed for its antihypertensive effect and its role on glucose and lipid metabolism and insulin sensitivity in diabetic hypertensive patients. Thirty-three non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients with diastolic blood pressure (BP) of 95-115 mm Hg were treated with either 30 or 60 mg urapidil twice a day, with a gradual increment up to a maximum of 90 mg b.i.d., in order to reduce diastolic pressure to < 90 mm Hg or by at least 10% in the sitting position. A significant reduction in systolic and diastolic arterial pressure, not accompanied by an increased heart rate, was achieved after 12 weeks of treatment. Lipid and carbohydrate homeostasis and glycemic control, as assessed by HbA1C levels, were not affected. The fasting insulin concentration before the glucose load remained similar, but there was a trend toward reduction in peak insulin concentration, and the ratio of insulin change to glucose change between fasting levels and peak levels was significantly lowered by treatment, suggesting improved insulin sensitivity. In conclusion, urapidil is an effective antihypertensive agent in NIDDM patients with essential hypertension, with a neutral effect on lipids and carbohydrates and a possible beneficial effect on insulin resistance.
Postprandial glucose, insulin, and lipid responses to four meals containing unpurified dietary fiber in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), hypertriglyceridemic subjects.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of two levels of total dietary fiber (10 g vs. 20 g) and two soluble:insoluble fiber ratios (1:4 vs. 2:3) on postprandial glucose and lipid metabolism in hypertriglyceridemic subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: Eight NIDDM, mildly hypertriglyceridemic subjects consumed four test breakfasts, each containing variable proportions of the same cereal and fruit fiber sources. Blood samples were obtained during the 4 hours following the test meals and analyzed for glucose, insulin, triglyceride, total cholesterol and high density lipoprotein cholesterol., RESULTS: The incremental area under the curve for glucose and insulin was lowered after consuming 20 g as compared to 10 g of dietary fiber (p < 0.05), but was not affected by the soluble insoluble fiber ratio. The postprandial lipemia was similar after all test meals., CONCLUSION: The proportion of soluble to insoluble fiber in cereal and fruit does not necessarily predict the effect of fiber on the glycemic response, while the overall quantity of fiber does appear to affect postprandial glucose metabolism in NIDDM.
Alterations in composition and concentration of lipoproteins and elevated cholesteryl ester transfer in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; Cholesteryl esters (CE) exchange between lipoproteins through the action of cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP). Situations at high risk for atherosclerosis are often accompanied by an accelerated net mass CE transfer (CET) from high density lipoproteins (HDL) to very low (VLDL) and low density lipoproteins (LDL). However, the question as to whether the net mass CET is increased or decreased in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has led to controversial data. To clarify this point, we have undertaken a detailed study of CET in 105 NIDDM patients by comparison with 17 control subjects. Net mass CET was approximately doubled in NIDDM. Plasma CETP activity and unidirectional CET from HDL to VLDL + LDL (CETHDL-->VLDL + LDL) or from VLDL + LDL to HDL (CETVLDL + LDL-->HDL) were measured under controlled lipoprotein concentrations using radioisotopic assays. No difference was observed in plasma CETP activity between NIDDM and controls. In NIDDM, CETHDL-->VLDL + LDL and CETVLDL + LDL-->HDL were decreased by 25% and 20%, respectively, as a consequence of alterations in lipoprotein compositions. Net mass CET was highly correlated with plasma triglyceride (TG) concentration (r = 0.66, P < 0.001) but not with that of LDL-cholesterol (r = 0.06, P > 0.6). When TG levels were decreased following dietetic recommendations or insulinotherapy, the net mass CET was lowered accordingly. We conclude that net mass CET is accelerated in NIDDM in spite of a decreased unidirectional CETHDL-->VLDL + LDL. This results from a lowered CETVLDL + LDL-->HDL and from elevated TG concentration, and the latter probably reflects a concentration effect of VLDL.
The effectiveness of group dietary counselling among non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients in resettlement scheme areas in Malaysia.; A study was undertaken in FELDA (Federal Land Development Authority) resettlement scheme areas in Pahang, Malaysia, to determine the effectiveness of group dietary counselling in motivating diabetic patients to achieve good dietary habits, and weight and diabetes control. Sixty-one non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients were randomly assigned to either the experimental or control group. The experimental group received six sessions of group dietary counselling over 5 months and the control group received mass media diabetes-educational program during the same period. The one hour group dietary counselling sessions discussed general knowledge of diabetes, food groups for meal planning, the importance of dietary fibre-rich foods, types of fat in food, exercise and weight control. The experimental group met monthly with a dietitian as a counsellor. Effectiveness was assessed by improvement in food choice, and decline in percentage glycated haemoglobin (total HbA1) or body mass index (BMI). Measurements were made at a baseline visit, every two months during the six month program, and six months afterwards. Patients in the experimental group improved their food choices, resulting in a healthier diet high in unrefined carbohydrates and dietary fibre rich foods, and low in fat. There were significant reductions of their percentage total HbA1 levels and BMI following the counselling sessions, which decreased further six months after the program compared with patients in the control group. Thus group dietary counselling is effective in motivating NIDDM patients to achieve better food choice, and related weight and glycaemic control in a Malaysian setting.
Failure to detect Glut4-Ile383 and IR-Gln1152 variants in NIDDM (non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus) and control subjects in an Italian population.; Insulin receptor (IR) and insulin-responsive glucose transporter (Glut4) represent two candidate genes involved in the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM); detection of molecular alterations in these genes might explain their possible contribution to NIDDM. Recently, mutations within the coding region of IR and Glut4 have identified: they include the Glut4Ile383 and IRGln1152 variants which were found at low frequencies in diabetic Caucasian populations. In this study Italian NIDDM patients and control subjects were analysed and mutated alleles were not found. Therefore in our population these variants appear to have little relevance to the genetic susceptibility to NIDDM.
Dietary intakes by levels of glycemic control for black and white adults with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; OBJECTIVES: The relationship between diet and glycemic control was examined among a racially mixed population of male and female adults with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: Data from 3-day dietary records and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) were analyzed for two-hundred eighty two patients of a Family Practice Ambulatory Care Unit and a community-based health center in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Correlations were calculated for individual nutrients to determine their strength of association with glycemic control. Analyses by tertiles of HbA1c were also conducted for each race/gender group. Regression analysis was used to determine independent dietary predictors of HbA1c., RESULTS: For all subjects, energy, energy per kilogram of body weight, fat, carbohydrates saturated fat, and cholesterol were significantly correlated with HbA1c. Nutritional differences across tertile levels of HbA1c for all subjects were not significant. For black females, consumption of energy, protein and fat was significantly higher among upper tertile subjects compared to the lowest tertile; and intake of energy, protein, fat, and saturated fat was significantly correlated with HbA1c in this group. For black males, energy intake was highest among upper tertile subjects compared to those in the middle tertile, while energy per kilogram of body weight, and percent of calories from protein, were significantly correlated with HbA1c. For white males, energy intake expressed as a function of body weight was highest among subjects in the upper tertile and a significant positive correlation with HbA1c was observed. No relationship between nutritional intake and HbA1c was found among white females. Racial differences in nutrient intake were also compared for males and females in the upper tertile of HbA1c. Black females in the upper tertile consumed significantly more energy, protein, and significantly less dietary fiber per 1000 kilocalories. No significant differences were observed between black and white males in the upper tertile, although higher cholesterol consumption in black males compared to white males approached significance. Regression analysis revealed that total energy intake significantly predicted HbA1c for all subjects and all white subjects, while a similar observation was made for total fat intake among all black subjects and among black females., CONCLUSIONS: These findings confirm that diet, especially total energy, is an important contributor to glycemic control. Dietary fat is also associated with glycemic control among blacks, especially black females, who are especially prone to more dire health consequences of NIDDM. Strict monitoring of diet should lead to improved glycemic control and less mortality and morbidity in this population.
Insulin binding in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is correlated with glycemic control: clinical evidence for abnormal receptor regulation in NIDDM.; Insulin binding has been reported to be decreased in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Although elevated basal insulin concentrations have been correlated with decreased insulin binding in obesity, this relationship has not been found in NIDDM. To determine the potential cause(s) of the decrease, we measured 125I-insulin binding to circulating monocytes isolated from 31 non-insulin-treated patients with NIDDM who had a fasting plasma glucose (FPG) concentration greater than 7.8 mmol/L and 13 control subjects. We examined the influence of obesity, insulin concentration, glycemic control, and treatment with oral hypoglycemic agents on insulin binding in a cross-sectional study. Insulin binding was significantly decreased in the entire NIDDM group (mean +/- SEM, %/10(7) monocytes: 4.65 +/- 0.33) as compared with controls (6.45 +/- .70, P < .02). Subgroups defined by obesity (relative body weight > 1.2) and poor glycemic control (FPG > 11.1 mmol/L) and those not taking oral hypoglycemic agents had significantly lower insulin binding (P < .02). However, neither relative body weight nor insulin concentrations (basal or stimulated) correlated with insulin binding. Stepwise linear regression analysis showed that only FPG significantly correlated with insulin binding (r = -.45, P = .002) even when oral hypoglycemic agent-treated patients were removed from the analysis (r = -.50, P = .003). There was no significant contribution to explain insulin binding by the other variables, including diagnosis of diabetes, obesity, insulin concentration, or treatment with oral hypoglycemic agents. We conclude that poor metabolic control is associated with an alteration in insulin receptor regulation in NIDDM.
Screening for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM): how often should it be performed?.; OBJECTIVES: To examine whether a screening programme for diabetes repeated after an interval of 30 months is worthwhile both in terms of yield of new cases and continued high response rate., METHODS: Self testing for postprandial glycosuria was used as it has been shown to have a good response rate, a good yield of cases of diabetes, and a sensitivity and specificity which compares favourably with more expensive and invasive screening methods. A total of 3231 subjects aged 45-70 years in one practice were screened on two occasions 30 months apart. Eighty seven subjects known to have diabetes were excluded. This number included five new patients who had presented since the initial screen; two of whom had moved into the practice, one who screened positive at the initial screen but failed to attend for the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and two subjects who had screened negative, the first presenting 24 months after screening., RESULTS: At repeat screening the return rate was lower than at the first screening (72.5% v 79.2%, P < 0.0001). Glycosuria was detected in 52 subjects (2.3%), at the repeat screening, similar to that at the initial screen. Attendance for the OGTT after a positive screening test was 93.2%. Only six subjects of the 24 with glycosuria but normal glucose tolerance at initial screen were found to have glycosuria again; repeat OGTTs were all normal. Of the remaining 46 subjects, 10 had non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and five impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). The number of subjects with diabetes was not significantly different from that at the initial screening (0.44% v 0.72%, P = 0.2)., CONCLUSIONS: Repeat screening after 30 months has a high response rate, similar rate of detection of glycosuria, and a further yield of 0.44% of newly diagnosed cases of diabetes. A screening programme detecting postprandial glycosuria identifies additional diabetic subjects 30 months after a previous screening programme.
Altered platelet functions in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; We have studied platelet aggregation and membrane fluidity, along with various biochemical parameters, in 19 non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients prior to control of blood sugar, 11 patients after control of blood sugar, and 26 normal subjects. Platelet cholesterol: phospholipid ratio and basal levels of)[Ca+] were comparable between normal and uncontrolled NIDDM. Basal levels of malonaldehyde (MDA) and the levels of [Ca++]i, as well as MDA after the addition of arachidonic acid, were 2.5-fold, 5-fold, and 2.5-fold higher, respectively, in the uncontrolled NIDDM group than normals. Platelet aggregation in response to ADP (0.25 microM), epinephrine (1.25 microM), and arachidonic acid (0.25 mM) was significantly higher in uncontrolled NIDDM than in normals (75%, 40% and 52%, respectively). Platelet fluorescence polarization was also higher in NIDDM patients indicating decreased membrane fluidity in such patients as compared to normals. After control of blood sugar in 11 NIDDM patients, agonist-stimulated platelet aggregation and other biochemical parameters were comparable to normals.
Risk factors for the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in Japan.; Follow-up studies of subjects with impaired glucose tolerance in Japan have shown that a higher level of blood glucose is a major predictor of the subsequent development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). In addition, subjects with a lower insulin response to glucose show a higher risk for the development of NIDDM. In fact, most of the subjects who later develop diabetes show a lower insulin response to glucose at the initial examination. Moreover, obesity is generally associated with a higher risk of developing NIDDM. We conclude that low insulin secretion forms an important basis and obesity plays a precipitating role among low-insulin responders in the pathogenesis of the majority of NIDDM patients in Japan.
Periodontal disease in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The effect of age and time since diagnosis.; The association of periodontal disease with diabetes was studied in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. In a cross-sectional design, 100 patients (46 males and 54 females) were selected in 4 groups according to age and years since diagnosis of diabetes. The groups were: group 1, > 55 years old, diabetes diagnosed > or = 5 years; group 2,  or = 5 years; group 3, > 55 years, diabetes diagnosed < 5 years; and group 4, < or = 55 years, diabetes diagnosed < 5 years. Buccal and lingual pockets were deeper and lingual and buccal recessions greater for groups diagnosed 5 or more years ago, (P < 0.0001). In groups diagnosed less than 5 years, higher recession indices were found for patients older than 55. The loss of buccal insertion was also greater for groups diagnosed 5 or more years ago (P < 0.0001). For groups diagnosed less than 5 years ago, the loss was greater in the group older than 55 (P = 0.01). There was a marginal difference in gingival bleeding among the 4 groups (P = 0.047). Post-hoc analysis showed differences between the 2 groups who had been diagnosed less than 5 years, with lower indices for patients < or = 55. All groups were statistically different regarding bone loss (P < 0.0001), with higher indices for the groups with older age, and for groups with 5 or more years since diagnosis. There was no difference in dental mobility among the 4 groups (P = 0.0981). It was concluded that years since diagnosis of diabetes is more significant than age for severity of periodontal disease in NIDDM.
The relationship between eating patterns and metabolic control in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; The most important element in the therapeutic plan of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is dietary modification. Dietary instructions target patient behaviors in two areas: following an exchange-based diet and adhering to the same basic eating pattern every day. However, there is little empirical data that addresses the relationship between dietary instruction and metabolic control. Fifty patients with NIDDM were enrolled in an 8-week study to ascertain if either dietary approach was more predictive of improved metabolic control. The effect on metabolic control was determined by changes in HbA1c over a 2- to 3-month period. Patients added or deleted almost half of all prescribed exchanges, and added or deleted an average of one prescribed meal or snack per day. Deviations in prescribed eating patterns, particularly breakfast-skipping and snack additions and deletions, were related to poorer metabolic control. Maintaining consistent eating patterns should be further evaluated as an important component of dietary instruction for patients with NIDDM.
Effect of sulfonylurea agents on pyruvate dehydrogenase activity in circulating lymphocytes from patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; In circulating lymphocytes from patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) subnormal pyruvate dehydrogenase (PDH) activity returns to normal following patient treatment with sulfonylurea (gliclazide, 80 mg twice daily/5 weeks). Moreover, in vitro in cells from diabetic patients exposed to insulin at 50 microU/mL PDH activation also occurs; in cells of controls the same happens for insulin at 5 microU/mL, whereas at 50 microU/mL inhibition takes place. Therefore, the low PDH activity in cells of NIDDM patients might be caused by defective insulin control on the enzyme and its recovery in gliclazide-treated patients by drug-mediated removal of the defect. The validity of the hypothesis was verified in this study where cells of NIDDM patients before and after gliclazide treatment were exposed, in vitro, to insulin at 5 and 50 microU/mL and then tested for PDH activity. In such conditions, the profile of PDH behavior in treated patients was no longer comparable to that in untreated patients but closer to that in euglycemic controls, thus supporting the view that the recovery of PDH activity in NIDDM patients following gliclazide treatment might be the expression of an additional effect that the drug would have in these patients, aimed to renew cell responsiveness to insulin.
Affected sib-pair analysis of the GLUT1 glucose transporter gene locus in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM): evidence for no linkage.; Despite the strong evidence for a major role played by genetic factors in the aetiology of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), the genes involved are still unknown. Association studies of candidate genes for the inheritance of NIDDM have so far yielded inconclusive results. Some evidence exists for an association between NIDDM and the glucose transporter gene GLUT1, involved in basal glucose transport, although this has not been confirmed. In the present study we have tested the hypothesis of linkage between NIDDM and the GLUT1 gene, using affected sib-pairs. With this method the concordance observed for a given gene marker is compared with that expected under the assumption of no linkage between that marker and the disease. Fifty-four pedigrees (22 Italians and 32 British), for a total of 82 sib-pairs were studied by the affected sib-pair method proposed by Weeks and Lange, using two restriction fragment length polymorphisms (RFLPs) at the GLUT1 locus, the MspI RFLP, at an estimated 0.171 recombination frequency from the GLUT1 gene, and the XbaI RFLP, located within the GLUT1 gene and previously shown to be associated with the disease. Results showed that the MspI marker and NIDDM segregate independently; for the XbaI RFLP, linkage could be shown only if the results were weighted by the allele frequency [f(p) = 1/p], and only in the Italian and the combined (Italian and British) sib-pair groups. Multilocus analysis with both markers was also negative. We conclude that the GLUT1 gene is very unlikely to play a major role in the aetiology of NIDDM, although an accessory role cannot be excluded, and studies of the gene sequence should help to clarify this question.
Glomerular clearance and tubular reabsorption of IgG1 and IgG4 in microalbuminuric patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; The alteration in glomerular clearance (GC) and tubular reabsorption (TR) of IgG subclass (IgG1 and IgG4, same molecular weight, but differing charge) was investigated in 14 microalbuminuric patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) by inhibiting TR of proteins by L-arginine infusion; 16 healthy volunteers served as controls. In healthy volunteers, GC was in the following order: IgG1 > IgG4 > or = albumin. In microalbuminuric patients, as compared with control, GC of albumin was increased significantly; the GC of IgG4 was twice that of control, while GC of IgG1 decreased reciprocally. The TR in controls was in the following order; albumin > IgG1 > IgG4. In microalbuminuric patients, TR of albumin was significantly reduced, TR of IgG1 was moderately reduced and that of IgG4 remained at same level as controls. These observations suggest that the enhancement of GC of albumin in NIDDM was produced by an impaired glomerular anionic charge barrier, while the mechanism for the reduction in TR of albumin was attributable to other undefined mechanisms.
Plasma glucagon responses to insulin-induced hypoglycemia and arginine in spontaneous non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) rats, Otsuka Long Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) strain.; Pancreatic A-cell function in the newly developed Otsuka Long Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) strain of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) rats was examined in relation to the morphological changes in their islets and the plasma glucagon responses to insulin-induced hypoglycemia and an arginine test by chronological studies in seven male OLETF and seven male non-diabetic control Long Evans Tokushima Otsuka (LETO) rats each at 10, 16 and 24 weeks of age and eight male OLETF rats that were placed in a cage with a wheel for exercising from 5 to 24 weeks of age. The hormonal contents and morphological features of the pancreas of these rats were examined. After iv injection of insulin, the plasma glucagon level rose significantly from the basal level in OLETF rats at 10 weeks old, but little if at all in those of 16 and 24 weeks old. The pancreatic A cells of LETO rats of all age groups responded equally well to glucopenia. The areas under the response curves of plasma glucagon (sigma delta IRG) during the 90 min of insulin-induced hypoglycemia were 14496 +/- 7860 vs 9588 +/- 3930, 2257 +/- 3018 vs 9235 +/- 5447 (p < 0.05) and 826 +/- 985 vs 9707 +/- 2510 (p < 0.01) ng.min-1.l-1 in OLETF rats vs LETO rats of 10, 16 and 24 weeks old, respectively. The plasma glucagon responses during the arginine test were higher in OLETF rats than in LETO rats at 10 and 16 weeks but not at 24 weeks of age.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Low plasma corticotropin-releasing hormone (CRH) levels in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; Plasma CRH levels were measured in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) as the pituitary-adrenal abnormalities have been reported in NIDDM. They were also measured after oral administration of 75 g glucose to examine whether glucose increased plasma CRH along with insulin secretion. The baseline plasma CRH was significantly lower in diabetic patients than in controls. Baseline ACTH and cortisol were significantly higher in NIDDM patients than in controls. Plasma CRH, ACTH and cortisol did not change after glucose administration in either NIDDM patients or controls. Neither plasma CRH nor ACTH showed a significant correlation with plasma glucose or insulin response in NIDDM patients. These results suggest that CRH secretion is not stimulated by glucose, that plasma ACTH and cortisol are increased in NIDDM patients and that CRH is not responsible for these increases.
Archaeology and the "thrifty" non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) genotype.; In recent decades, non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has become a major public health problem in several parts of the world. A complex disorder, NIDDM is associated with an increased risk of blindness, coronary heart disease, peripheral vascular disease, and kidney failure (1). The epidemiology of NIDDM is providing new insights into many aspects of this disease, including prevalence, incidence, morbidity, and mortality (2). My objective is to explain the high prevalence of a NIDDM susceptible genotype(s) in several distinct populations: American Indians, Australian Aborigines, and Pacific Islanders. The susceptible genotype may have been selected into these populations because of unusually frequent food shortages that occurred during the initial colonization of 'new worlds'. NIDDM has been shown to have a strong genetic component (3) that may include a 'thrifty' genotype(s) (4,5). The 'thrifty' genotype(s) may have once allowed founding populations to survive feast' and 'famine' conditions for several generations. With an assured food supply and a sedentary lifestyle, however, the 'thrifty' genotype(s) becomes disadvantageous, leading to obesity, increased insulin resistance, beta cell decompensation, and NIDDM (3,6).
Polymorphisms at the GLUT2 (beta-cell/liver) glucose transporter gene and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM): analysis in affected pedigree members.; The precise genetic defects underlying the etiology of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) have yet to be identified. The beta-cell/liver glucose transporter gene GLUT2 represents a good candidate for the etiology of the disease, being involved in the glucose signalling for beta-cell insulin release. Population association studies of the GLUT2 gene in NIDDM have so far yielded controversial results. In order to determine the possible contribution of this gene to the inheritance of NIDDM, we have employed a new approach, where two polymorphic markers of the GLUT2 locus, detected with the restriction enzyme Taq-1, were examined for linkage with the disease in a group of 22 Italian pedigrees with affected members (n = 50). Departure from independent segregation between markers and disease was analyzed by the Affected-Pedigree-Members (APM) statistical method. Furthermore, association analysis between the Taq-1 RFLPs at the GLUT2 locus and NIDDM was performed in a group of diabetics with a strong family history, comprising the 22 probands and 23 other diabetics with an affected first-degree relative. The results indicate that there was no segregation distortion between the Taq-1 markers of the GLUT2 gene and the disease in the pedigrees examined. Also, no significant difference in genotype distribution, haplotype and allele frequencies was found between diabetics and controls for the two Taq-1 RFLPs. We conclude that genetic variation at the GLUT2 transporter gene is unlikely to contribute in a major way to the inheritance for NIDDM in this Italian population.
Polymorphisms at the GLUT1 (HepG2) and GLUT4 (muscle/adipocyte) glucose transporter genes and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; In order to determine the possible contribution of the GLUT1 (HepG2) glucose transporter gene to the inheritance of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), two restriction fragment length polymorphisms (RFLPs) and the related haplotypes at this locus were studied in 48 Italian diabetic patients and 58 normal subjects. Genotype frequencies for the XbaI polymorphism were significantly different between patients and controls (XbaI: chi 2 = 9.80, df = 2, P less than 0.0079). A significant difference was also found in the allele frequencies between NIDDM patients and controls (chi 2 = 9.39, df = 1, P less than 0.0022), whereas no differences were found for the StuI RFLP. No linkage disequilibrium was detected between the XbaI and StuI RFLPs in this sample. The analysis of the four haplotype frequencies (X1S1, X1S2, X2S1, X2S2) revealed a significant difference between diabetic patients and controls (chi 2 = 14.26, df = 3, P less than 0.002). By comparing single haplotype frequencies, a significant difference between the two groups was found for the X1S1 and X2S2 haplotypes. A two-allele RFLP at the GLUT4 (muscle/adipocyte) glucose transporter gene, detected with the restriction enzyme KpnI, was also examined; no differences were found between patients and controls for this RFLP. The finding of an association between polymorphic markers at the GLUT1 transporter and NIDDM suggests that this locus may contribute to the inherited susceptibility to the disease in this Italian population.
Rheological determinants and red cell lipidic pattern in essential obesity, in obese subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and in obese subjects with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT).; In a group of subjects with essential obesity, in a group of obese subjects with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and in a group of obese subjects with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), we evaluated whole-blood filtration, mean erythrocyte aggregation, erythrocyte membrane fluidity and red cell lipid pattern. From these data, it is evident that the macro- and microrheological determinants are able to discriminate normals from each group of obese subjects. Regarding the red cell lipids, few are the variations between each group of obese subjects and normal controls.
Genetic epidemiology of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in north India: distribution of Gm and Km allotypes in 'Punjabis'.; Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is becoming endemic to modernizing and urbanizing populations all over the globe. The data on Gm and Km allotypes in the 'Punjabis' (n = 165) from north India show an interesting association with NIDDM. Differences between diabetic and control samples for the Km allele frequency distribution approach significance (p = 0.0897). The observed phenotypic diversity in the Gm system in diabetics indicates genetic heterogeneity in the disease group. A significant decrease (or absence) of phenotype Gm1,3,17; ;5,21 (p = 0.0119), and presence of phenotype Gm1,2,3,17; ;5,21 (p = 0.0158) in diabetics may constitute a risk factor for this disorder in 'Punjabis'.
Elevated plasma levels of pancreastatin (PST) in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; Pancreastatin (PST) is known as the peptide which inhibits first phase of glucose-stimulated insulin secretion. Fasting plasma PST levels and responses of PST after oral glucose ingestion in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were studied with human PST-specific radioimmunoassay. Fasting plasma PST in NIDDM patients was not different from healthy controls, although a slightly higher level of PST was observed in patients treated with sulfonylurea among NIDDM patients. No significant increase in plasma PST was observed after a glucose ingestion in healthy controls. In contrast, plasma PST levels in NIDDM patients rose significantly after glucose ingestion. These results suggest a possible pathophysiological role for PST in NIDDM.
[Tissue-type plasminogen activator and its inhibitor (PAI-1) in plasma in cases of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)].; Parameters of fibrinolysis, including plasminogen, alpha 2 plasmin-inhibitor (alpha 2 PI), tissue-type plasminogen activator (t-PA) and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) antigens, and fibrinogen were assayed in 53 patients (28 women and 27 men; mean age: 64 years, age range: 32-87 years) with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The control group was similarly aged (mean age: 60.4 years, age range: 38-81). The levels of t-PA and t-PA/PAI-1 ratio of the diabetic group (mean +/- SD; 9.8 +/- 4.3 ng/ml, 0.94 +/- 0.47, respectively) were significantly higher than that of the control group (5.5 +/- 2.5 ng/ml, 0.51 +/- 0.23, respectively). The increased levels of t-PA antigen and t-PA/PAI-1 ratio in diabetics mean that free t-PA has been released. However, there was no significant difference in the level of PAI-1 between the diabetic group (12.9 +/- 6.4 ng/ml) and the control group (12.1 +/- 5.6 ng/ml). Levels of fibrinogen, plasminogen and alpha 2 PI in plasma were not different in the two groups. Duration of the disease, levels of glycosylated hemoglobin, differences in treatment and presense of diabetic nephropathy or retinopathy did not affect the fibrinolytic parameters. The levels of fibrinogen was higher in those with nephropathy than in the diabetics without nephropathy and retinopathy (p less than 0.05). There were no significant differences in the levels of t-PA, t-PA/PAI-1 ratio and PAI-1 between younger (less than 65 years) and older (65 years or more) subjects, in either the control or diabetic groups.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Prevalence and incidence trends of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in the population of the GDR.; Trends of prevalence and incidence rates of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (non-insulin-treated diabetes mellitus) were assessed in the population of the GDR based upon the National Diabetes Register and the Official Statistical Year Book as sources for the calculations. Within the 25-year follow-up period 1960-1984 the prevalence rose from 4.39%; to 31.95%; the incidence rate from 1.04%; to 3.57%. Age-dependence of the specific rates is characterized by their continuous rise above the age of 30 years reaching the peak prevalence of 146.6%; in 75- to 80-year-olds, that of 14.1%, for the incidence in people aged 70 to 75 years. A significant male preponderance was confirmed between the ages of 30 and 50 years, a significant overwhelming of female NIDDM in the age groups 60 to 90 years. Based on demonstrated correlations between the changes of living standard parameters and the epidemiological trend of NIDDM the conclusion is drawn that overnutrition and reduced muscular activity mainly account for the rise of diabetes morbidity in the population of the GDR.
[Insulin resistance--a physiopathological condition with numerous sequelae: non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), android obesity, essential hypertension, dyslipidemia and atherosclerosis].; Recent research has demonstrated that reduced insulin-stimulated glucose metabolism in skeletal muscle (insulin resistance) and hyperinsulinism are common features in widespread diseases such as essential hypertension, android obesity, non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia (in the form of raised serum triglyceride and reduced serum high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol) and arteriosclerosis. Simultaneously, investigations in a comprehensive group of healthy middle-aged men have revealed insulin resistance in one fourth. On the basis of these observations, a working hypothesis is suggested which postulates that genetic abnormalities in one or more of the candidate genes in the modes of action of insulin occur in a great proportion of the population. These may result in insulin resistance (primary genetic insulin resistance). Primary insulin resistance may be potentiated by a series of circumstances such as ageing, high-fat diet, lack of physical activity, hormonal and metabolic abnormalities or drugs (secondary insulin resistance). As a consequence of the reduced effect of insulin on muscle tissue, compensatory hyperinsulinism develops. Depending on the remaining vulnerability of the individual the hyperinsulinism is presumed to result in development of one or more phenotypes. For example if the beta-cells of the pancreas are unable to secrete sufficient insulin to compensate the insulin resistance on account of genetic defects, glucose intolerance will develop. In a similar manner, hyperinsulinism in insulin-resistant individuals who are predisposed to essential hypertension is presumed to reveal genetic defects in the blood pressure regulating mechanisms and thus contribute to development of the disease.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Human cholecystokinin type A receptor gene: cytogenetic localization, physical mapping, and identification of two missense variants in patients with obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; The human CCKAR gene was previously mapped to chromosome 4 using a panel of human/hamster somatic cell hybrids. We now report the cytogenetic and physical localization of the CCKAR gene. Using fluorescence in situ hybridization, we determined that CCKAR maps to 4p15.1-p15.2. On the physical map, CCKAR was adjacent to the marker AFMa283yh5, between AFMb355ya5 and WI-4086. A simple sequence repeat (D4S391) with high heterozygosity was found in the database, and CCKAR and this genetic marker were colocalized on two YACs (933D9 and 928A5). We also characterized the genomic structure and determined the exon-intron boundaries of the gene. This provided the opportunity to screen the gene in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and/or obesity for single nucleotide changes using a single-strand conformational polymorphism strategy. Five sequence variants were identified in the coding sequence of the gene, including two missense variants (G21R and V365I). The results of these studies provide (1) precise genetic and physical mapping data, (2) exon-intron sequences for single nucleotide analysis, and (3) identification of two missense mutations in the CCKAR gene. The contribution of these CCKAR variants to normal physiology, to obesity, and to diabetes can now be evaluated.
Excess incidence of known non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in Hispanics compared with non-Hispanic whites in the San Luis Valley, Colorado.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is between two and five times more prevalent among Hispanic Americans than among non-Hispanic whites (NHW). Incidence data for Hispanic populations will help to determine whether this excess prevalence is due to increased incidence, survivorship, or other factors. Incident cases were identified through concurrent surveillance of all local medical practices from 1983 to 1988 in two southern Colorado counties in which the population was 46% Hispanic. All identified subjects were invited for an oral glucose tolerance test. Among the subjects who attended clinic, 83% were confirmed as having diabetes, using WHO criteria. The standardized average annual incidence rates per 1000 for confirmed non-insulin-dependent diabetes, accounting for nonresponse, were 3.7 and 1.6 for Hispanic and NHW males, and 4.5 and 1.2 for Hispanic and NHW females, respectively. The age and nonresponse adjusted rate ratio comparing Hispanics to NHWs was 3.1 (95% CI: 2.3-4.2), indicating a significant excess risk of diabetes incidence for the Hispanic population in southern Colorado. Peak age-specific incidence among Hispanics occurred in persons 50 to 59 years old, a decade earlier than among NHWs. These results are consistent with data from the Mexican-American population in Texas and suggest that the previously observed excess in diabetes prevalence is due to higher incidence rates. The earlier age-specific peak in incidence has also been observed in Mexican-American and American Indian populations, suggesting that risk factors may operate at earlier ages.
Barriers to non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) self-care practices among older women.; OBJECTIVES: Noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) constitutes a significant threat to the health and well-being of older women. Appropriate self-care, the cornerstone of glycemic control, is reported to be modest. We aimed to investigate barriers to recommended self-care for NIDDM:, METHODS: A total of 51 African American and White women age 65 and older, completed the Diabetes Self-Care Barriers Assessment Scale for Older Adults, ethnomedical protocol, and other instruments during in-depth interviews., RESULTS: African American women were more likely than their White counterparts to indicate financial, pain, and visual barriers to self-care. Both African American and White women expressed a reluctance to check blood sugar and to exercise; however, most indicated that they regularly followed medication recommendations and visited their physician., DISCUSSION: This study extends our knowledge of the existence of self-care barriers by providing a qualitative, in-depth perspective detailing how these barriers often prevent optimal self-care behaviors and, conceivably, successful glycemic control.
The genotypic distribution among non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients of a restriction fragment length polymorphism.; The genotypic distribution among patients of a marker allele, or restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP), can be used to determine the mode of inheritance of a disease-predisposing gene, if the association of the marker with the disease is sufficiently high. In the case of noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), the RFLP in the 5'-flanking region of the human insulin gene does not allow discrimination between dominant and recessive modes of inheritance, or between any intermediate model. Also, it is demonstrated, in general, that the observation of a higher odds ratio for individuals with two copies of a marker allele than for individuals with at least one copy does not in itself imply a gene-dosage model.
Growth hormone (GH) response to GH-releasing peptide-6 and GH-releasing hormone in normal-weight and overweight patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The growth hormone (GH) response to GH-releasing hormone (GHRH) in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) was found to be either decreased or normal. The recent introduction of a new and potent GH stimulus, GH-releasing peptide-6 (GHRP-6), allowed further investigation of the functional properties of somatotropes in a variety of metabolic diseases. The aim of the present study was to investigate the response of GH to GHRP-6, GHRH, and GHRP-6 + GHRH in NIDDM patients. Twenty-one patients with NIDDM were divided into two groups: group A, normal weight (body mass index [BMI], 23.31+/-0.62 kg/m2); and group B, overweight (BMI, 27.62+/-0.72 kg/m2). Eight normal-weight control subjects (group C) were studied. Each subject received GHRP-6 (90 microg intravenously [i.v.]), GHRH (100 microg i.v.), and GHRP-6 + GHRH on three separate occasions. There was no difference between the GH response after GHRP-6 in groups A, B, and C in terms of the GH peak (50.95+/-11.55, 51.96+/-7.71, and 70.07+/-15.59 mU/L, P>.05) and the area under the curve (AUC) for GH (2,340.06+/-617.36, 2,684.54+/-560.57, 3,462.78+/-1,223.53 mU/L/120 min, P>.05). A decreased GH response to GHRH was found in group B in comparison to group A (B v A: peak GH response, 8.25+/-1.90 v 22.19+/-8.81, P<.05; AUC GH, 479.62+/-84.0 v 1,443.21+/-743.76, P<.05). There was no difference in the GH response between group A and group C (peak GH response, 22.19+/-8.81 v 26.42+/-6.71, P>.05; AUC, 1,443.21+/-743.76 v 1,476.51+/-386.56, P>.05). There was a significant difference between the same parameters in group B versus group C (8.25+/-1.90 v 26.42+/-6.71, P<.05; AUC, 479.62+/-84.0 v 1,476.51+/-386.56, P<.05). The combined administration of GHRP-6 + GHRH elicited a synergistic GH response in NIDDM patients and controls. There was a significant difference between groups A and B for the GH peak (96.49+/-9.80 v 68.38+/-8.25, P<.05), whereas there was no difference for the AUC (5,111.13+/-703.77 v 3,425.95+/-459.67, P>.05). There was no difference in the peak GH after the combined test between group A and group C (96.49+/-9.80 v 139.82+/-24.16, P>.05), whereas the peak GH in the same test was significantly decreased in group B in comparison to group C (68.38+/-8.25 v 139.82+/-24.16, P<.05). The AUC for GH after combined GHRP-6 + GHRH in group A versus group C was not significantly different (5,111.13+/-703.77 v 9,274.71+/-1,541.46, P>.05), whereas there was a significant difference for the same test between group B and group C (3,425.95+/-459.67 v 9,274.71+/-1,541.46, P<.05). Our results demonstrate that normal-weight NIDDM patients have a preserved GH response to GHRP-6, GHRH, and GHRP-6 + GHRH, and overweight NIDDM patients have a blunted response to GHRH and GHRP-6 + GHRH. The preserved GH response to GHRP-6 in both diabetic groups suggests that the secretory potential of somatotropes is preserved in NIDDM patients. The impairment of the GH response to GHRH in overweight NIDDM patients could be a functional defect due to the obesity, since it could be overridden by administration of GHRP-6.
Metformin: effects on cardiovascular risk factors in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) affects approximately 12 million people in the United States. NIDDM is frequently found to coexist with other conditions, such as obesity, dyslipidemia, atherosclerotic vascular disease, and hypertension, which contribute to morbidity and mortality. Although the major clinical objective in the management of NIDDM is to control hyperglycemia, the long-term objective is to prevent microvascular and macrovascular complications. Cardiovascular disease is the major cause of death in NIDDM patients. Although hyperglycemia may be adequately controlled, risk factors for coronary heart disease may remain unchanged. Treatment with metformin controls hyperglycemia and may have positive effects on cardiovascular risk factors. When used alone or in combination with sulfonylureas, metformin tends to stabilize or decrease weight, maintains or reduces insulin levels, has beneficial effects on plasma lipid profiles, and may also have beneficial effects on blood pressure and the fibrinolytic system.
Fluoxetine improves insulin sensitivity in obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus independently of weight loss.; OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of fluoxetine, a specific serotonin reuptake inhibitor, on insulin sensitivity in obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) independently of its action on body weight., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, insulin-mediated glucose disposal was measured in 12 obese patients with NIDDM on diet alone before and after four weeks of treatment with either placebo (n = 6) or fluoxetine (n = 6) at a dose level of 60 mg once a day. Insulin-mediated glucose disposal was assessed by the 2-step euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp technique. Patients were instructed on a weight-maintaining diet., RESULTS: Insulin infusion at 40 mU.m-2.min-1 resulted in insulin levels of 720 +/- 70 pmol. L-1 with a mean plasma glucose value of 6.4 +/- 0.2 mmol. L-1. Compared to placebo, fluoxetine increased glucose disposal (M) by 2.4-fold (P < 0.05), the insulin sensitivity index (M/I) by 2.7-fold (P < 0.03) and the glucose metabolic clearance rate (MCR) by 2.9-fold (P < 0.03). Insulin infusion at 400 mU.m-2. min-1 elicited insulin levels of 12947 +/- 1512 pmol. L-1 with a mean plasma glucose value of 5.6 +/- 0.4 mmol. L-1. Compared to placebo, fluoxetine increased M by 30% (P = NS), M/I by 40% (P < 0.04) and MCR by 23% (P < 0.04). Patient weight remained stable throughout the study with no change in dietary intake., CONCLUSION: Fluoxetine improves insulin-mediated glucose disposal in obese patients with NIDDM independently of weight loss.
Associations of hypertension and complications in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Hypertension is a common comorbidity with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Data are somewhat inconsistent as to whether hypertension exacerbates diabetic complications in this population. Therefore, we examined the relationship between hypertension and vascular complications of NIDDM in the 950 patients enrolled in the prospective and randomized Appropriate Blood Pressure Control in Diabetes (ABCD) study. We found both systolic and diastolic hypertension to be associated with diabetic nephropathy (P < .001) as well as with its macrovascular complications (P < .05). Our present results also demonstrated that there was a significant relationship between hypertension and peripheral vascular disease (P < .05), and left ventricular hypertrophy (P < .001). There was, however, no apparent relationship between hypertension and diabetic neuropathy. Thus, arterial pressure may be a major determinant of complications in NIDDM.
Risk factors for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; UNLABELLED: RISK FACTORS AND PREDICTORS: The risk factors for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) include age, overall adiposity, an adverse body fat distribution, adverse glucose and insulin concentrations, insulin resistance and lack of physical exercise. The strongest predictors of NIDDM appear to be metabolic factors, including impaired glucose tolerance and insulin resistance., TREATMENT: Pharmacological agents that improve insulin sensitivity are being tested in multicenter clinical trials. In patients with a high risk of NIDDM, it seems prudent to avoid the use of pharmacologic agents that increase insulin resistance.
A comparison between the effects of gemfibrozil and simvastatin on insulin sensitivity in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and hyperlipoproteinemia.; In a double-blind, randomized crossover study, 29 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and hyperlipoproteinemia were treated with gemfibrozil (1,200 mg/d) or simvastatin (10 mg/d) for 4 months. After gemfibrozil treatment, the insulin concentration was increased during the major part of the intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) and during the hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp. Similar but less pronounced elevations were caused by simvastatin. Insulin sensitivity decreased by 27% and 28% during gemfibrozil and simvastatin treatment, respectively. Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was decreased with simvastatin treatment by 24%. The LDL cholesterol level was not changed by gemfibrozil, but very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol was reduced by 40%. The VLDL triglyceride concentration was reduced to a significantly greater extent by gemfibrozil. After gemfibrozil treatment, lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] was decreased by 24%, and the plasma free fatty acid (FFA) concentration was increased by 20% and skeletal muscle lipoprotein lipase activity (LPLA) by 37%. Although simvastatin more effectively decreased LDL cholesterol levels and the LDL to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio, it cannot be claimed unreservedly that this drug is necessarily preferable in NIDDM patients. Gemfibrozil improved triglyceride removal and decreased VLDL concentrations, with qualitative changes in LDL. The apparent effects on insulin sensitivity are difficult to evaluate and need further study.
Efficacy of metformin in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. The Multicenter Metformin Study Group.; BACKGROUND: Sulfonylurea drugs have been the only oral therapy available for patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in the United States. Recently, however, metformin has been approved for the treatment of NIDDM., METHODS: We performed two large, randomized, parallel-group, double-blind, controlled studies in which metformin or another treatment was given for 29 weeks to moderately obese patients with NIDDM whose diabetes was inadequately controlled by diet (protocol 1: metformin vs. placebo; 289 patients), or diet plus glyburide (protocol 2: metformin and glyburide vs. metformin vs. glyburide; 632 patients). To determine efficacy we measured plasma glucose (while the patients were fasting and after the oral administration of glucose), lactate, lipids, insulin, and glycosylated hemoglobin before, during, and at the end of the study., RESULTS: In protocol 1, at the end of the study the 143 patients in the metformin group, as compared with the 146 patients in the placebo group, had lower mean (+/- SE) fasting plasma glucose concentrations (189 +/- 5 vs. 244 +/- 6 mg per deciliter [10.6 +/- 0.3 vs. 13.7 +/- 0.3 mmol per liter], P < 0.001) and glycosylated hemoglobin values (7.1 +/- 0.1 percent vs. 8.6 +/- 0.2 percent, P < 0.001). In protocol 2, the 213 patients given metformin and glyburide, as compared with the 210 patients treated with glyburide alone, had lower mean fasting plasma glucose concentrations (187 +/- 4 vs. 261 +/- 4 mg per deciliter [10.5 +/- 0.2 vs. 14.6 +/- 0.2 mmol per liter], P < 0.001) and glycosylated hemoglobin values (7.1 +/- 0.1 percent vs. 8.7 +/- 0.1 percent, P < 0.001). The effect of metformin alone was similar to that of glyburide alone. Eighteen percent of the patients given metformin and glyburide had symptoms compatible with hypoglycemia, as compared with 3 percent in the glyburide group and 2 percent in the metformin group. In both protocols the patients given metformin had statistically significant decreases in plasma total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations, whereas the values in the respective control groups did not change. There were no significant changes in fasting plasma lactate concentrations in any of the groups., CONCLUSIONS: Metformin monotherapy and combination therapy with metformin and sulfonylurea are well tolerated and improve glycemic control and lipid concentrations in patients with NIDDM whose diabetes is poorly controlled with diet or sulfonylurea therapy alone.
Long-term efficacy and safety of acarbose in the treatment of obese subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Acarbose delays the release of glucose from complex carbohydrates and disaccharides by inhibiting intestinal alpha-glucosidases, attenuating postprandial increments in blood glucose and insulin. This multicenter double-blind study compared the efficacy and safety of acarbose with placebo in the treatment of obese subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) managed by diet., METHODS: Two hundred twelve obese subjects with NIDDM who had not received any diabetic medication for at least 12 weeks were randomized to receive acarbose or placebo. The subjects were stratified by fasting glucose level above or below 11.1 mmol/L (200 mg/dL). Based on the subject's therapeutic response and tolerance, the acarbose dosage was titrated from 50 to 300 mg three times per day. This 36-week study consisted of a 6-week pretreatment period, a 24-week double-blind treatment period, and a 6-week posttreatment period., RESULTS: Ninety-one subjects given acarbose and 98 subjects who received placebo were evaluable for efficacy. During a standard meal tolerance test at the double-blind end point, the differences between treatment groups in mean change from baseline were as follows: 0.9 mmol/L (16 mg/dL) for fasting plasma glucose level, approximately 2.8 mmol/L (50 mg/dL) for postprandial plasma glucose level, and 0.59% (P < .0001) for hemoglobin A1c concentration (for all three measurements, values decreased in the acarbose group and increased in the placebo group)., CONCLUSIONS: Acarbose improved both fasting and postprandial hyperglycemia and improved overall glycemic control as measured by the hemoglobin A1c level. These findings suggest a beneficial role for acarbose in combination with diet in the treatment of obese subjects with NIDDM.
Management of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The initial management of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) should include patient education, dietary counselling and, when feasible, individualised physical activity. It is only when such measures fail that drug therapy should be considered. Dietary management of NIDDM includes a restriction in calories, and these should be appropriately distributed as carbohydrates, lipids and proteins. Supplementation of the diet with soluble fibre and supplementation with magnesium salts if hypomagnesaemia is demonstrated, is recommended. However, supplementation with fish oils or with fish oil-derived omega-3 fatty acids is not currently recommended. Oral drug therapies used in NIDDM include sulphonylurea derivatives, which are a first-line treatment in patients who are not grossly obese, metformin, which is the treatment of choice for obese patients, and alpha-glucosidase inhibitors such as acarbose, which are used mainly to reduce postprandial blood glucose peaks. These types of drugs can be used alone or in combination. Insulin therapy may be required to achieve adequate control of blood glucose levels in some patients. In several instances, it is suggested that insulin therapy be combined with sulphonylureas (essentially when residual insulin secretion is present), with metformin, or with alpha-glucosidase inhibitors. The treatment of disorders associated with NIDDM, such as obesity, hypertension or hyperlipidaemia, requires particular attention in diabetic patients, since some drugs can adversely affect glycaemic control. Oral drugs for the treatment of NIDDM include sulphonylurea derivatives used in first-line treatment in patients who are not grossly obese, metformin, which is often the treatment of choice for obese patients and, more recently, the alpha-glucosidase inhibitors, such as acarbose, which are effective in reducing the postprandial rise in blood glucose.
Nutritional risk of high-carbohydrate, guar gum dietary supplementation in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Dietary supplementation with high-carbohydrate, guar gum fiber (HCF) is effective in acutely blunting postprandial blood glucose levels. We report the effect of such supplementation on the diet and nutritional status of a group of 16 subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) who incorporated either HCF bars (35.7 g carbohydrate and 6.6 g guar gum/bar) or placebo bars (identical except for the absence of guar gum) into the diet for 6 mo as part of a double-blind, randomized clinical trial. The HCF subjects achieved mean daily intake of 4.8 +/- 0.4 bars, constituting 51.2 +/- 3.1% of total calories and providing 29.7 +/- 2.6 g guar gum daily. Energy intakes and body weight did not change significantly in either group. Food consumption patterns and nutrient intakes did change, although not enough to impair the nutritional integrity of the diet because the bars themselves served as a source of nutrients. The bars were rich in thiamin, B6, folacin, phosphorus, iron, zinc, and copper, adequately replacing any decrease in nutrient intake as a result of foods being dropped from the diet. In fact, daily intakes of B6, folacin, and copper actually increased due to contributions from the bars. Nutrients in which the bars were poor (vitamins A, C and B12) resulted in suboptimal intakes (less than 66% RDA). Although no significant change in nutritional status of the HCF group occurred as determined by arm muscle area, arm fat area, hemoglobin, hematocrit, or serum albumin, transferrin, iron, ferritin, calcium, phosphate, B12, and magnesium levels, these indicators of nutritional status are rather insensitive.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Insulin secretion and insulin action in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: which defect is primary?.; Defects in both insulin secretion and insulin action exist in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The loss of the acute plasma insulin response to intravenous glucose is seen in patients with relatively mild degrees of fasting hyperglycemia, but patients with severe fasting hyperglycemia also demonstrate absolute hypoinsulinemia in response to an oral glucose challenge. In contrast, day-long circulating insulin levels are within normal limits even in severely hyperglycemic patients with NIDDM. The relationship between NIDDM and insulin action in NIDDM is less complex, and is a characteristic feature of the syndrome. This metabolic defect is independent of obesity, and the severity of the resistance to insulin-stimulated glucose uptake increases with magnitude of hyperglycemia. Control of hyperglycemia with exogenous insulin ameliorates the degree of insulin resistance, and reduction of insulin resistance with weight loss in obese patients with NIDDM leads to an enhanced insulin response. Since neither therapeutic intervention is capable of restoring all metabolic abnormalities to normal, these observations do not tell us which of these two defects is primarily responsible for the development of NIDDM. Similarly, the observation that most patients with impaired glucose tolerance are hyperinsulinemic and insulin resistant does not prove that insulin resistance is the primary defect in NIDDM. In conclusion, reduction in both insulin secretion and action is seen in patients with NIDDM, and the relationship between these two metabolic abnormalities is very complex.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a clinical strategy.; In non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), there are defects in both islet beta cell function (insulin secretion) and in insulin action. It is proposed that these may be two manifestations of a common defect involving glucose metabolism. These may be a consequence of some aspect of the insulin-deficient state, e.g., insulin deficiency or hyperglycemia. This implies that the defects of NIDDM are both "feed-forward" (i.e., they lessen with improvement of the metabolic state) and "fail-backward" (i.e., emerging defects in islet beta cell function and insulin action aggravate each other). A subclassification of NIDDM is proposed, based on presumed pathophysiologic defects. This subclassification divides patients, on the basis of fasting (basal) plasma glucose and postprandial glucose response to meals, into four categories: mild, moderate, severe, and very severe. The therapeutic strategies for these four categories are slightly different. Diet and exercise are always a component of therapy. Sulfonylureas are used, as needed, in patients with mild or moderate NIDDM. Basal insulin therapy may be used in moderate NIDDM. Some form of around-the-clock insulin therapy is used for patients with severe NIDDM. Very severe NIDDM is treated by more intensive insulin therapy.
Influence of beta-blocking drugs on glucose metabolism in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Two beta-blocking agents, non-selective propranolol and beta1-selective metoprolol, were investigated with respect to their effects on glucose metabolism in 10 hypertensive patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The patients were treated randomly for two weeks in double-blind cross-over manner with (a) propranolol, (b) metoprolol, and (c) placebo. Propranolol impaired glucose tolerance when compared to placebo. The increase in blood glucose was associated neither with changes in concentrations of serum insulin, plasma glucagon of free fatty acid nor with alterations in peripheral insulin sensitivity as measured by 125I-insulin binding to mononuclear leukocytes. Although metoprolol had no effect on blood glucose, it increased 125I-insulin binding to mononuclear leukocytes. The increase in insulin binding could contribute to blood glucose control during metoprolol treatment. In search for reasons for poor metabolic control in NIDDM, treatment with non-selective beta-blockers should be kept in mind.
Effect of obesity and insulin on immunity in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To understand the effect of obesity and insulin on immune functions in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., SUBJECT: Fourteen obese NIDDM (body mass index (BMI)=30.6+/-1.1), seven non-obese NIDDM (BMI=24.2+/-0.5) and five obese non-NIDDM (BMI=28.3+/-0.67)., INTERVENTIONS: We first examined the influence of insulin on the proliferation of several human cell lines. Second, we compared several immune functions between obese and non-obese NIDDM, and obese non-NIDDM patients using peripheral blood mononuclear cells., RESULT: Insulin decreased proliferation of T-cell lines but not that of other types of cell lines. Furthermore, obesity augmented the production of IL-1beta which could have cytotoxity against islet beta cells in NIDDM., CONCLUSION: Our data suggested that the pathophysiology of NIDDM could be affected by the change of immunity due to obesity, and the treatment of obesity in NIDDM may be important from an immunological aspect.
Identification of epistatic interactions involved in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty rat.; The Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rat is an animal model for obese-type non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in humans. Our present investigation was designed to identify epistatic interactions influencing NIDDM by performing least squares analysis of variance of all pairs of informative markers in 160 F2 progenies bred from an intercross of OLETF and Fischer-344 rats. We identified four interactions between Nidd15/of (chromosome 7) and Nidd16/of (chromosome 14), Nidd15/of and Nidd17/of (chromosome 15), Nidd16/of and Nidd18/of (chromosome 15), and Nidd16/of and Nidd19/of (chromosome 17), which account for a total of approximately 40% of the genetic variation of entire glucose levels after glucose challenge in the F2. The Nidd16/of locus, which is involved in three of four digenic interactions, and the Nidd19/of are likely to correspond to Nidd2/of and Nidd14/of, NIDDM loci previously identified in the F2 by single-QTL model and multiple-QTL model, respectively, while Nidd15/of, Nidd17/of and Nidd18/of loci reflect novel NIDDM loci. An aberrant increase of the entire glucose level due to synergism occurs in the double OLETF homozygote genotype of Nidd15/of and Nidd16/of, and of Nidd16/of and Nidd19/of, as well as in the OLETF homozygote genotypes of Nidd15/of and Nidd16/of, respectively, combined with the heterozygote genotypes of Nidd17/of and Nidd18/of. These findings demonstrate that inter-allelic interactions are likely to be an important component of NIDDM susceptibility.
Expression pattern of tumour necrosis factor receptors in subcutaneous and omental human adipose tissue: role of obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF) mRNA expression has been reported to be up-regulated in adipose tissue from several rodent models of obesity and diabetes and from obese humans. This elevated expression has been assumed to be associated with the development of insulin resistance. However, the biological signal of TNF may be influenced by the expression of the two TNF receptors: the p60 TNF receptor, TNFR60, and the p80 TNF receptor, TNFR80., DESIGN: The aim of this study was to investigate the mRNA expression pattern of the two TNF receptors and their ligand in two adipose tissue depots of glucose-tolerant obese women [n = 18, body mass index (BMI) 48.2 +/- 8.4 kg m-2], obese women with impaired glucose tolerance or overt non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) (n = 10, BMI 49.1 +/- 11.6 kg m-2) and healthy non-obese control subjects (n = 12, BMI 25.8 +/- 2.7 kg m-2). RNA expression was assessed by a semiquantitative reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) technique., RESULTS: The mean mRNA levels of both TNF receptors were two- to threefold higher in adipose tissue samples from the obese than from the non-obese women (P < 0.01 for each). Although TNFR60 mRNA did not vary within each obese group, there was a wide variation in the levels of TNFR80 mRNA and of TNF mRNA. A comparison of the expression levels between the subcutaneous abdominal and the omental adipose tissue depots showed significantly higher expression in the former. The TNFR60 expression level was positively correlated with BMI and fat cell size, whereas TNFR80 and TNF mRNA levels showed positive associations with serum insulin and triglyceride concentrations. No significant differences in the expression levels were observed between obese individuals with and without impaired glucose tolerance/NIDDM., CONCLUSION: These results indicate that severe obesity in women is characterized by increased amounts of the two TNF receptor mRNAs. The role of this up-regulation for the development of obesity-associated insulin resistance remains to be elucidated.
Heterogeneous relationship of early insulin response and fasting insulin level with development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in non-diabetic Japanese subjects with or without obesity.; The aim of this study was to investigate the association of insulin secretion and insulin resistance with the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in obese (body mass index (BMI) > or = 25 kg/m2) and non-obese Japanese. Subjects were selected from persons participating a health survey, and a 100 g oral glucose tolerant test was performed. A total of 1604 non-diabetic subjects were followed for 2-8 years (mean 4.5 years). The fasting insulin level and the homeostasis model insulin resistance index (HOMA-R = fasting glucose [mmol/l] x fasting insulin [microU/ml]/22.5) were used as the index of insulin resistance, and insulinogenic index (the ratio of increment of insulin to that of blood glucose 30 min after glucose load) as a measure of early insulin response. Cox's proportional hazards analysis in the whole group showed that BMI, fasting blood glucose (FBG) and 2-h blood glucose (2-h BG) were positive predictors, and age and insulinogenic index were negative predictors of diabetes. Sex, family history, fasting insulin level and HOMA-R were not predictive of developing diabetes. In subgroup analysis, the same variables as in the whole group were predictors in non-obese, whereas only FBG and 2-h BG predicted diabetes in obese subjects. Fasting insulin level and HOMA-R were not predictive of diabetes both in non-obese and obese subjects. Eleven obese subjects, who developed diabetes despite a normal initial insulinogenic index, had significantly higher BMI, fasting insulin level and HOMA-R, compared with 258 obese subjects who did not develop diabetes. We conclude that most cases of diabetes in Japanese begin with decreased insulin secretion, but a small group of diabetes patients may start with insulin resistance, especially obese subjects.
Circulating levels of tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase in rat models of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; In order to investigate the pathogenic role of bone resorption by osteoclasts in altered bone metabolism in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), the circulating levels of tartrate resistant acid phosphatase (TRACP) were simultaneously determined with osteocalcin, in rat models of NIDDM, i.e., genetic Wistar fatty rats and neonatally streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats (NSZ rats). In Wistar fatty rats exhibiting hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia, plasma TRACP was 40.0+/-0.4 U/l (mean+/-SE), significantly higher than that of 32.8+/-1.3 U/l in their lean littermates (p < 0.01). Bone length, bone strength, and weight of powdered bone in Wistar fatty rats were significantly decreased compared to control rats (p < 0.02-0.001). On the other hand, plasma TRACP in NSZ rats was 13.6+/-1.0 U/l, significantly lower than that of 31.4+/-1.2 U/l in their controls (p < 0.01). In addition, there were positive correlations between circulating TRACP and insulin levels in both NIDDM rat models (p < 0.05-0.01). Furthermore, plasma osteocalcin levels in these NIDDM models were significantly decreased than those of their corresponding controls (p < 0.001). Consequently, in Wistar fatty rats with hyperinsulinemia, it is suggested that the bone formation by osteoblasts was decreased, while the bone resorption by osteoclasts was increased. In contrast, in NSZ rats with hypoinsulinemia, both of bone formation and resorption were speculated to be decreased, indicating the decreased bone turnover. These results suggest that, although the deterioration in the osteoblastic function can be commonly observed in NIDDM animal models, the osteoclastic function is heterogeneous under NIDDM conditions.
Relationship of elevated urinary albumin excretion to components of the metabolic syndrome in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Microalbuminuria is associated with increased morbidity and early mortality in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), mostly due to cardiovascular disease. This association may be due to a higher prevalence of known cardiovascular risk factors in those with microalbuminuria. We examined the relationship of microalbuminuria to components of the metabolic syndrome in 98 NIDDM patients with elevated urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) (> 10.5 micrograms/min) (high UAER) and 102 normoalbuminuric NIDDM patients. Patients with high UAER were older than normoalbuminuric patients (P < 0.05), but they did not differ with respect to duration of diabetes, total cholesterol, body mass index (BMI) or the prevalence of smoking. A total of 58 (60%) patients with elevated UAER had two or more of hypertension, ischaemic heart disease (IHD), hypertriglyceridaemia and obesity compared with 41 (40%) in the normoalbuminuric group, (P < 0.05). Only nine (9.2%) high UAER patients had none of the above risk factors compared with 26 (25.5%) in the normoalbuminuric group (P < 0.01). The prevalence of hypertension (blood pressure (BP) > 160/95) was significantly higher in high UAER patients; 61/98 (62%) versus 39/102 (38%) in normoalbuminuric group, (P < 0.05). Elevated UAER was also associated with a higher risk of macrovascular disease (P < 0.01). The high UAER group included 50 Caucasian, 30 Asian and 18 Afro-Caribbean. The three groups did not differ with respect to total cholesterol, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) or prevalence of smoking. Asians had a lower BMI, a lower BP and a lower prevalence of peripheral vascular disease (PVD), but had a higher serum triglyceride (P < 0.01 for all) compared with Caucasian. Patients of Afro-Caribbean origin had a lower prevalence of IHD (0%) compared with both Asians (16%) and Caucasians (22%). Elevated UAER in NIDDM is closely associated with components of the metabolic syndrome and an increased risk of IHD and PVD. There are however, significant ethnic differences in this association.
X-linked locus is responsible for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the OLETF rat.; The Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rat has been recently established as the best model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with mild obesity. In this study, we found that the F1 progeny produced from the crosses of OLETF and F344 rats exhibit a reciprocal cross effect on NIDDM-relevant phenotypes, fasting and postprandial glucose levels and body weight, suggesting the existence of X-linked locus affecting susceptibility to NIDDM. We thus examined the linkage between 7 X-linked microsatellite markers and NIDDM-relevant phenotypes, using 160 (OLETF x F344)F2 progeny. Suggestive evidence for a X-linked locus affecting glucose levels at 120 min after glucose administration was found in a region near X-linked marker, DXMgh4. The identified locus also showed significant effects on fasting glucose levels and body weight.
Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in African-American youths of Arkansas.; Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) occurs more frequently in certain adult populations, including African-Americans. Recently an increase in the incidence of NIDDM has been observed among African-American youths in Arkansas. Clinical presentations among these youths vary from asymptomatic to severe diabetic ketoacidosis. From a chart review, data were examined to determine which physical, biochemical, and autoimmune characteristics were most helpful in appropriate classification of NIDDM vs insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). It is apparent that several diagnostic and treatment issues need to be addressed to improve the management of African-American youths with NIDDM.
Genetic analysis of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty rat.; The Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rat is an animal model for obese NIDDM. We performed a genome wide scan in F2 progenies obtained by crossing OLETF rats with two control strains, Long-Evans Tokushima Otsuka (LETO) and Fisher-344(F-344) rats. Since diabetes develops only in male progenies, we used only male F2 rats for the linkage studies.Highly significant linkage was observed between the phenotype, postprandial hyperglycemia and P-450ald locus on chromosome 1 and D7Mit 11 locus on chromosome 7. In addition, suggestive linkage was found between fasting glucose level and body weight and these two loci. Four other regions (D1Mit12, D2Mit11, D5Mgh14, and D17Arb1) on chromosome 1, 2, 5, and 17 were detected to influence body weight, fasting glucose level or postprandial hyperglycemia independently. We concluded that non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus(NIDDM) in OLETF rats is regulated by multiple genes which affect fasting, postprandial hyperglycemia, and obesity differently. Copyright 1997 Academic Press.
Recessive inheritance of obesity in familial non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and lack of linkage to nine candidate genes.; Segregation analysis of body-mass index (BMI) supported recessive inheritance of obesity, in pedigrees ascertained through siblings with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). BMI was estimated as 39 kg/m2 for those subjects homozygous at the inferred locus. Two-locus segregation analysis provided weak support for a second recessive locus, with BMI estimated as 32 kg/m2 for homozygotes. NIDDM prevalence was increased among those subjects presumed to be homozygous at either locus. Using both parametric and nonparametric methods, we found no evidence of linkage of obesity to any of nine candidate genes/regions, including the Prader-Willi chromosomal region (PWS), the human homologue of the mouse agouti gene (ASP), and the genes for leptin (OB), the leptin receptor (OBR/DB), the beta3-adrenergic receptor (ADRB3), lipoprotein lipase (LPL), hepatic lipase (LIPC), glycogen synthase (GYS), and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFA).
Detection and treatment of hypertension in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: does the 'rule of halves' apply to a diabetic population?.; The extent to which hypertension is detected and adequately treated in the general population is often described by the 'rule of halves', but corresponding figures for patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), based on current American Diabetes Association (ADA) criteria, have not been previously reported. This study looked at the detection and management of hypertension among 2331 consecutive patients with NIDDM attending for annual complications assessment. Hypertension was defined according to ADA criteria, i.e. systolic blood pressure (sBP) > 140 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure (dBP) > 90 mmHg. A total of 69% of patients were hypertensive, with proportionately more women in the hypertensive group (48 versus 39%, P < 0.002). Among those with hypertension, 59% were taking antihypertensive drugs but only 31% of treated hypertensives were adequately controlled. Thus, hypertension affects roughly two-thirds of patients with NIDDM and compared with treatment strategies reported in the literature for the non-diabetic population (summarised in the 'rule of halves'), proportionately more hypertensive patients with NIDDM are treated with BP-lowering drugs (59%) but proportionately less (31%) have adequate BP control.
Past and current obesity in Koreans with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To determine the prevalence of past and current obesity among patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and to define the clinical characteristics of non-obese NIDDM patients in South Korea, we studied a cross-section of 749 NIDDM patients and a group of age- and sex-matched control subjects. Current height, weight and waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), the history of weight changes and the family history of diabetes were recorded. Obesity was defined as body mass index (BMI) > 25 kg/m2. The maximum lifetime BMI of diabetic patients was significantly higher than that of control subjects (P < 0.001). Compared with control subjects, current BMI was higher in diabetic women (P < 0.001) but not in diabetic men. In contrast, WHR of both diabetic men and women were significantly higher than those of controls (P < 0.05). BMI and WHR correlated significantly with fasting C-peptide levels and log-triglyceride levels in NIDDM patients. As a whole, 72% of the South Korean NIDDM patients had a history of past obesity as assessed by their maximum weight, while only 38% of them were currently obese. Compared with obese patients, non-obese patients were characterized by lower fasting serum C-peptide levels (P < 0.001), a higher percentage of insulin treatment (P < 0.05), lower maximum BMI (P < 0.001) and more pronounced weight loss from the time at their maximum weight (P < 0.001). In summary, increased upper body adiposity and a history of past obesity were associated with NIDDM in South Korea. Although most South Korean NIDDM patients were previously obese, many of them were currently not obese. Lower maximum BMI, lower serum C-peptide levels and a higher percentage of insulin treatment in non-obese NIDDM patients suggest that the capacity to increase insulin secretion in response to increasing weight gain is rather limited in these patients.
Body fat distribution and risk of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in women. The Nurses' Health Study.; Obesity is an established risk factor for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Anthropometric measures of overall and central obesity as predictors of NIDDM risk have not been as well studied, especially in women. Among 43,581 women enrolled in the Nurses' Health Study who in 1986 provided waist, hip, and weight information and who were initially free from diabetes and other major chronic diseases, NIDDM incidence was followed from 1986 to 1994. After adjustment for age, family history of diabetes, smoking, exercise, and several dietary factors, the relative risk of NIDDM for the 90th percentile of body mass index (BMI) (weight (kg)/height (m)2) (BMI = 29.9) versus the 10th percentile (BMI = 20.1) was 11.2 (95% confidence interval (CI) 7.9-15.9). Controlling for BMI and other potentially confounding factors, the relative risk for the 90th percentile of waist: hip ratio (WHR) (WHR = 0.86) versus the 10th percentile (WHR = 0.70) was 3.1 (95% CI 2.3-4.1), and the relative risk for the 90th percentile of waist circumference (36.2 inches or 92 cm) versus the 10th percentile (26.2 inches or 67 cm) was 5.1 (95% CI 2.9-8.9). BMI, WHR, and waist circumference are powerful independent predictors of NIDDM in US women. Measurement of BMI and waist circumference (with or without hip circumference) are potentially useful tools for clinicians in counseling patients regarding NIDDM risk and risk reduction.
Hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and abdominal obesity and the development of microalbuminuria in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The hyperlipidemia syndrome (also called syndrome X or the deadly quartet) is a recognized constellation known to increase cardiovascular mortality, but its effect on renal decline is not well-described. This study examined the differential effects of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and abdominal obesity on overnight urinary albumin excretion ratios (UAERs) among patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), who by definition possess the remaining component of the syndrome, insulin resistance., METHODS: We conducted a survey of 317 primary care NIDDM patients measuring waist-to-hip ratios, fasting lipid levels and glycemic values, and overnight UAERs. The study was carried out between January 1989 and June 1991., RESULTS: Using logistic regression controlling for age, race, sex, duration of NIDDM, and smoking status, elevated glycosylated hemoglobin (odds ratio [OR] = 1.95, 95 percent confidence interval [CI] = 1.16-3.27) or the addition of one component of the deadly quartet to pure diabetes doubled or tripled the odds of an elevated UAER (NIDDM plus obesity OR = 2.00, 95 percent CI = 1.02-3.93; NIDDM plus hypertension OR = 3.45, 95 percent CI = 1.38-8.63; NIDDM plus hyperlipidemia OR = 1.60, 95 percent CI = 0.53-4.81). In a dose-response manner, two additional factors exerted additive effects; all three additional factors combined with pure NIDDM multiplied the effect, with an odds ratio of 9.34 (95 percent CI = 2.24-38.9)., CONCLUSIONS: These data quantify the incremental effects of abdominal obesity, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia on abnormal UAERs among NIDDM patients and strongly suggest the need for aggressive and simultaneous correction of multiple risk factors to prevent end organ damage in this population.
Thermic and metabolic responses to oral glucose in obese subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus treated with insulin or a very-low-energy diet.; Increased resting energy expenditure (REE) and a blunted thermic effect of glucose (TEF) have been reported in obese subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). I questioned whether the abnormal REE and TEF would be corrected by normalizing glycemia with insulin or a very-low-energy diet (VLED). Three male and four female obese subjects with NIDDM [weighing 108 +/- 6 kg and with body mass index (in kg/m2) of 39 +/- 2] received a weight-maintaing formula diet containing 95 g protein/d for 15 d then a 1.7-MJ, 93-g-protein VLED for 27 d. Insulin was given from days 1 to 8 in doses sufficient to normalize glycemia. REE was measured weekly and TEF was measured on days 8 and 15 of isoenergetic feeding and 28 d after the VLED by using a ventilated-hood indirect calorimeter. Weight decreased 9.8 +/- 1 kg during the VLED. REE was 3% lower with insulin treatment than during hyperglycemia (7878 +/- 364 compared with 8125 +/- 381 kJ/d, P = 0.002). REE decreased by 20% to 6494 +/- 280 kJ/d by week 4 of the VLED. After 112 g oral glucose, increments in energy expenditure were significantly greater during isoenergetic feeding with insulin than without (7.5 +/- 1.3% compared with 4.3 +/- 0.9% above REE) and after the VLED (10.5 +/- 1.0% above REE, P < 0.05). Plasma glucose excursions were greatest without exogenous insulin (peak 21.5 +/- 1.8 mmol/L at 120 min, 16.3 +/- 1.9 mmol/L at 225 min). Plasma fatty acid excursions were the lowest with insulin treatment. The integrated plasma glucose and fatty acid responses above baseline did not differ among studies; the integrated insulin and C-peptide responses were greater after the VLED. Cumulative nonoxidative glucose disposal (stored glucose) was higher with insulin therapy than without (52 +/- 6 compared with 35 +/- 7 g/210 min, P < 0.05) and increased significantly to 66 +/- 6 g after the VLED (compared with the isoenergetic diet without insulin). TEF correlated significantly with integrated C-peptide and insulin responses. The percentage increase in TEF with euglycemia (with insulin and VLED) correlated with the percentage increase in stored glucose (P < 0.05). The greater TEF was associated with a greater insulin response, which was probably responsible for the greater stored glucose.
Pattern of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in Kuwait.; The aim of this study was to examine distinctive clinical characteristics of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients in Kuwait including mode of presentation at diagnosis, family history of diabetes, therapeutic management and response to treatment. We studied 3299 Kuwaiti patients (1454 male (M) and 1845 female (F) subjects) registered in Salmiya diabetic clinic, a part of the national network of diabetes control and care programme, and located in the urban Hawally Governorate, Kuwait. The mean age of the patients was 53 years (+/- 13.9 years), and 73.8% were in the age group 45-64 years. The majority of patients (53.6%) were diagnosed as they were clinically symptomatic; in contrast a significant minority (37.8%) were diagnosed by chance mainly during investigation for unrelated events. The 8.6% of the women diagnosed during pregnancy had a high parity index 6.5 +/- 2.9. A high percentage of the diabetic patients (63%) reported a positive family history in first degree relatives. The mean duration of diabetes mellitus was 7.8 years (range 2-28 years) and 70% of the patients had diabetes mellitus for 9 years or less. The mean body mass index (BMI) was 31.8 +/- 6.3 kg/m2 and 28.5 +/- 6.3 kg/m2 in women and men, respectively. Among the diabetic women 57.7% were obese (BM > 30 kg/m2) and 30.2% were overweight (BMI 25-30 kg/m2) as compared to 33.6% and 44.3% among diabetic men, respectively. High blood pressure (> or = 160/95 mmHg) was reported in 14.9%. The main therapeutic modality in the majority of patients, (63.2%), was the administration of oral hypoglycaemic agents (OHA), while 23.7% were on a diet regimen and only 13.1% were on insulin therapy. The study throws light on the pattern of NIDDM among Kuwaiti patients. Frequent association with obesity suggests that it may be a major risk factor. The strong familial aggregation reported paves the way for future research among these families for cosegregation of a defined genetic trait with NIDDM in the Arab population subset.
Insulin secretion, insulin action, and hepatic glucose production in identical twins discordant for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; 12 identical twin pairs discordant for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were studied for insulin sensitivity (euglycemic insulin clamp, 40 mU/m2 per min), hepatic glucose production (HGP, [3-3H]glucose infusion), and insulin secretion (oral glucose tolerance test and hyperglycemic [12 mM] clamp, including glucagon administration). Five of the nondiabetic twins had normal and seven had impaired glucose tolerance. 13 matched, healthy subjects without a family history of diabetes were included as control subjects. The NIDDM twins were more obese compared with their non-diabetic co-twins. The nondiabetic twins were insulin resistant and had a delayed insulin and C-peptide response during oral glucose tolerance tests compared with controls. Furthermore, the nondiabetic twins had a decreased first-phase insulin response and a decreased maximal insulin secretion capacity during hyperglycemic clamping and intravenous glucagon administration. Nondiabetic twins and controls had similar rates of HGP. Compared with both nondiabetic twins and controls, the NIDDM twins had an elevated basal rate of HGP, a further decreased insulin sensitivity, and a further impaired insulin secretion pattern as determined by all tests. In conclusion, defects of both in vivo insulin secretion and insulin action are present in non- and possibly prediabetic twins who possess the necessary NIDDM susceptibility genes. However, all defects of both insulin secretion and glucose metabolism are expressed quantitatively more severely in their identical co-twins with overt NIDDM.
Omega-3 fatty acids in adipose tissue of obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus reflect long-term dietary intake of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid.; We examined the relationship between long-term dietary intake of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and the relative content of these fatty acids in adipose tissue triglycerides from 53 obese Dutch subjects--19 men and 34 women--with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Adipose tissue fatty acid profiles analyzed in three samples taken from each subject at 1-y intervals showed no within-subject differences for EPA and DHA. Dietary intake was estimated from 12 3-d dietary records made over 2 y at 2-mo intervals. EPA and DHA intakes showed high within-subject variation. Correlation coefficients (Spearman) between the dietary intake of EPA (% of total fat) and EPA in adipose tissue (% of total fatty acids) were 0.76 for men and 0.57 for women. For DHA these coefficients were 0.75 for men and 0.48 for women. We conclude that the analysis of fatty acids in one adipose tissue biopsy provides information on long-term EPA and DHA intakes in obese subjects with NIDDM, and can replace otherwise necessarily frequent diet analyses over a long period.
Metabolic effects of metformin in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The metabolic effects and mechanism of action of metformin are still poorly understood, despite the fact that it has been used to treat patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) for more than 30 years., METHODS: In 10 obese patients with NIDDM, we used a combination of isotope dilution, indirect calorimetry, bioimpedance, and tissue-balance techniques to assess the effects of metformin on systemic lactate, glucose, and free-fatty-acid turnover; lactate oxidation and the conversion of lactate to glucose; skeletal-muscle glucose and lactate metabolism; body composition; and energy expenditure before and after four months of treatment., RESULTS: Metformin treatment decreased the mean (+/- SD) glycosylated hemoglobin value from 13.2 +/- 2.2 percent to 10.5 +/- 1.6 percent (P < 0.001) and reduced fasting plasma glucose concentrations from 220 +/- 41 to 155 +/- 28 mg per deciliter (12.2 +/- 0.7 to 8.6 +/- 0.5 mmol per liter) (P < 0.001). Although resting energy expenditure did not change, the patients lost 2.7 +/- 1.3 kg of weight (P < 0.001), 88 percent of which was adipose tissue. The mean (+/- SE) rate of plasma glucose turnover (hepatic glucose output and systemic glucose disposal) decreased from 2.8 +/- 0.2 to 2.0 +/- 0.2 mg per kilogram of body weight per minute (15.3 +/- 0.9 to 10.8 +/- 0.9 mumol per kilogram per minute) (P < 0.001), as a result of a decrease in hepatic glucose output; systemic glucose clearance did not change. The rate of conversion of lactate to glucose (gluconeogenesis) decreased by 37 percent (P < 0.001), whereas lactate oxidation increased by 25 percent (P < 0.001). There were no changes in the plasma lactate concentration, plasma lactate turnover, muscle lactate release, plasma free-fatty-acid turnover, or uptake of glucose by muscle., CONCLUSIONS: Metformin acts primarily by decreasing hepatic glucose output, largely by inhibiting gluconeogenesis. It also seems to induce weight loss, preferentially involving adipose tissue.
Is caloric restriction effective in preventing diabetes mellitus in the Otsuka Long Evans Tokushima fatty rat, a model of spontaneous non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus?.; Studies were made on the effectiveness of caloric restriction in preventing the development of diabetes mellitus in a model rat (Otsuka-Long-Evans-Tokushima Fatty; OLETF) with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Groups of 8 male OLETF rats aged 5 weeks were supplied with rat chow ad libitum (100% group) and 85% and 70% of the amount of food consumed by the 100% group (85% and 70% groups, respectively). The average weights of the 100%, 85% and 70% groups were 617, 536 and 450 g at 19 weeks of age and their abdominal fat deposits were 50, 38 and 21 g, respectively, at 22 weeks of age when they were killed. At 20 weeks of age, the cumulative incidences of diabetes mellitus in the 100%, 85% and 70% groups were 67%, 13% and zero, respectively. The plasma immunoreactive insulin (IRI) levels 60 and 120 min after oral glucose administration were significantly lower in the 70% group than in the other groups. In vivo insulin-stimulated glucose uptake measured by a euglycemic clamp technique, was significantly higher in the 70% group than in the 100% group. There was no significant difference in the glucose transporter 4 protein levels of skeletal muscles in the three groups, but the highest ratio of glucose transporter 4 in the plasma membrane to that in intracellular membranes was observed in the 70% group. Morphological studies on the pancreas of rats in the 100% group showed enlarged multilobulated fibrotic islets, whereas sections of islets of rats in the other groups appeared normal, though slightly enlarged. These results demonstrate that caloric restriction is effective in preventing NIDDM in diabetes-prone rats, probably due to increased insulin sensitivity.
Does gonadotropin-releasing hormone administration affect serum growth hormone levels in poorly controlled insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus?.; Exaggerated growth hormone (GH) responses to various provocative stimuli have been reported previously in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Little is known about GH response to synthetic gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) in diabetes. It has been reported to be exaggerated in active acromegaly. We investigated GH, follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) levels after GnRH administration in seven IDDM and eight non-insulin-dependent diabetic (NIDDM) patients. They were poorly controlled from a metabolic point of view. Ten healthy subjects served as the control group. FSH and LH levels increased significantly after GnRH in all groups. In contrast, GnRH did not elicit significant GH increments above baseline levels in any group. Moreover, mean areas under the GH curves were comparable among the three groups. These results suggest that poorly controlled IDDM and NIDDM does not lead to inappropriate GH responses to GnRH.
Glycaemia and body mass as determinants of plasma lecithin: cholesterol acyltransferase activity in Nigerian patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; There is an inverse correlation between plasma high density lipoprotein (HDL) concentrations and atherogenic vascular morbidity risk. An important pathway for modulating circulating HDL levels is the reaction catalysed by the plasma enzyme, lecithin:cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT). Thus, determinants of LCAT activity should influence plasma HDL levels and be accessible targets for intervention. We therefore assessed such determinants in Nigerian patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), classified into age- and sex-matched groups of obese (body mass index, BMI, > 25 kg/m2) and non-obese (BMI < 25 kg/m2). Our results indicated that 10 obese diabetic patients had significantly reduced plasma LCAT activity and HDL levels and increased plasma triglyceride (TG) levels, in comparison with the observations in 9 non-obese diabetic patients (all P < 0.05). Furthermore, worsening of glycaemic control, when oral hypoglycaemic treatment was discontinued for 1 week in 10 diabetic (5 obese) patients, further reduced fasting levels of HDL and plasma LCAT activity (both P < 0.05). Although plasma HDL concentrations and LCAT activity levels did not correlate significantly, the latter nonetheless had a significant inverse relationship with fasting plasma glucose levels in the obese diabetic subjects (r -0.51, P < 0.05). These results indicate that glycaemia and body mass are important determinants of plasma LCAT activity. Both variables are subject to pharmacological and dietary intervention with the objective of increasing circulating HDL levels.
Glycohemoglobin levels relate to the response of adipose tissue lipoprotein lipase to insulin/glucose in obese non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Adipose tissue lipoprotein lipase (ATLPL) is responsible for the provision of lipoprotein-derived fatty acids to adipocytes for storage as triglycerides. Fasting ATLPL has been shown to be decreased in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), an insulin-resistant state. Medically uncomplicated obesity, another state of relative insulin resistance, is associated with decreased stimulation of the enzyme in response to metabolic stimuli. It was therefore hypothesized that the increased insulin resistance of NIDDM would result in an even greater defect in the response of ATLPL to insulin/glucose. Gluteal adipose tissue biopsies were performed in 13 premenopausal obese women with NIDDM, before and after 6 hours of intravenous insulin and glucose. Metabolic data from these studies were then compared with those obtained from 26 nondiabetic obese women of similar age, weight, and fasting insulin concentration (obese controls [OBC]). As expected, fasting gluteal ATLPL activity was lower in the NIDDM group than in OBC (3.7 +/- 0.9 v 11.1 +/- 1.6 nmol free fatty acids [FFA]/min/10(6) cells, P = .0003). The change in ATLPL activity (delta ATLPL) in response to a 6-hour insulin/glucose infusion was not statistically different between the two groups (2.2 +/- 1.1 v 4.7 +/- 1.2, P = .114). However, in NIDDM subjects there was a strong positive relationship between delta ATLPL and glycohemoglobin (GHb) level (r = .883, P = .0001). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Parathyroid hypertensive factor and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The recently discovered parathyroid hypertensive factor (PHF) has been shown to increase intracellular free calcium levels. High intracellular calcium can cause insulin resistance, as seen in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. We therefore compared plasma PHF activity in NIDDM patients and nondiabetic control subjects using a rat bioassay. More NIDDM patients (65%) than non-diabetic controls (33.3%) had detectable PHF activity. When injected into rats, plasma of 185 NIDDM patients caused an average increase of 4.89 +/- 0.68 mm Hg in rat mean arterial pressure (MAP). This change was significantly greater than a slight drop of 0.42 +/- 0.96 mm Hg (mean +/- SE) for the 127 nondiabetic control subjects (Student's t test, p < 0.001). A higher percentage of the NIDDM patients than of the non-diabetic patients were hypertensive. However, a stratified analysis showed that diabetic patients consistently had significantly higher PHF levels than did nondiabetic patients, regardless of being hypertensive or not. PHF activity did not correlate with age, sex, body mass index, or the type of hypoglycemic agent taken. However, multivariate logistic regression analysis showed a positive correlation between cholesterol and PHF level among the diabetic patients (p = 0.03), but such a correlation did not exist among the non-diabetic controls. Our data indicate that elevated PHF may be responsible for insulin resistance in a fraction of NIDDM patients and suggest that PHF may be related to serum cholesterol levels in NIDDM.
Effect of multiple risk factors on differences between blacks and whites in the prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the United States.; The higher prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in US blacks as compared with whites may be due to a higher frequency of NIDDM risk factors in blacks, a higher inherent susceptibility to NIDDM among blacks, or the risk factors' having a greater effect in blacks. The authors evaluated 4,379 subjects from the Second National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (1976-1980) for whom NIDDM was ascertained by medical history and oral glucose tolerance test, and for whom data on a number of risk factors were available. The prevalence of NIDDM was 60% higher in blacks than in whites (p < 0.001) and was highest in black women. Although most risk factors for NIDDM were more common in blacks, this higher frequency did not completely explain the racial disparity in the prevalence of NIDDM. After adjustment for all risk factors by logistic regression, an elevated risk of NIDDM was particularly evident at higher obesity levels in blacks as compared with whites; the odds were 70% higher for blacks at a percentage of desirable weight of 150 (95% confidence interval 1.1-2.8). The risk of NIDDM associated with obesity was greatest in black women: The odds in this group were sevenfold higher at a percentage of desirable weight of 150 versus 100 (95% confidence interval 2.6-18.8). The possibility of racial differences in metabolic adaptation to obesity highlights the importance of preventing this condition in blacks, particularly in black women.
Prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance in two Algonquin communities in Quebec.; OBJECTIVE: To assess and compare the prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) in two native Indian communities., DESIGN: Population-based study., SETTING: Two Algonquin communities in Quebec: River Desert and Lac Simon., PARTICIPANTS: All native Indian residents aged at least 15 years were eligible; 621 (59%) of them volunteered to enroll in the study. The participation rate was 49% in River Desert and 76% in Lac Simon., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Fasting blood glucose level and serum glucose level 2 hours after 75-g oral glucose tolerance test, as described by the World Health Organization, in all subjects except those with confirmed diabetes. Other measures included body mass index (BMI), fat distribution and blood pressure., MAIN RESULTS: The age-sex standardized prevalence rate of NIDDM was 19% in Lac Simon (95% confidence interval [CI] 16% to 21%); this was more than twice the rate of 9% in River Desert (95% CI 7% to 11%). The IGT rates were comparable in the two communities (River Desert 5%, Lac Simon 6%). NIDDM and IGT were uncommon under the age of 35 years. Only in Lac Simon was the NIDDM prevalence rate significantly higher among the women than among the men (23% v. 14%); almost half of the women aged 35 years or more had diabetes. In Lac Simon the rate of marked obesity (BMI greater than 30) was significantly higher among the women than among the men (37% v. 19%; p < 0.001); this sex-related difference was not found in River Desert (rates 31% and 23% respectively). Previously undiagnosed NIDDM accounted for 25% of all the cases. NIDDM and IGT were significantly associated with high BMI, sum of skinfold thicknesses and waist:hip circumference ratio (p < 0.001). The subscapular:triceps skinfold ratio, however, did not display such an association, nor did the age-adjusted systolic blood pressure., CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of NIDDM is high in Algonquin communities and may vary markedly between communities. Although widespread, particularly in women, obesity cannot entirely explain the much higher rate of NIDDM in Lac Simon. Family and lifestyle risk factors, in particular diet and activity patterns, are being analysed in the two communities.
A comparison of adiposity measures for screening non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; We compared the accuracies of adiposity distribution measures (waist and hip circumferences, subscapular and triceps skinfold thicknesses, waist-hip and subscapular-triceps ratios) with a measure of adiposity extent (body mass index) for screening non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Of 521 subjects (218 men and 303 women) who had 2 h oral glucose tolerance tests, 43 men and 28 women were found to have NIDDM. Allowing for age, ethnicity, and family history in analyses of covariance, the subscapular skinfold thickness and the ratio of the subscapular to triceps skinfold thicknesses were significantly higher (P < 0.05) in both the men and women found to have diabetes than in their non-diabetic counterparts. The waist-hip ratio was also significantly higher in diabetic women; however, the elevation was not as marked in diabetic men (P = 0.06). The body mass index did not differ between diabetic and non-diabetic men and was only moderately elevated in diabetic women (P = 0.04). Receiver-operator curves were employed to examine the relative accuracies of the body mass index, waist-hip ratio, and subscapular skinfold thickness for screening NIDDM. In both men and women, the waist-hip ratio and subscapular thickness were superior to the body mass index. These data suggest that certain measures of adiposity distribution are more accurate than measures of overall adiposity extent for screening NIDDM and that they may be useful in screening programmes.
Association of body build with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and hypertension among Chinese adults: a 4-year follow-up study.; Both cross-sectional and longitudinal studies on the association of body build with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and hypertension were conducted in Taiwan during the period 1986-1990. The cross-sectional study, was carried out in 1986 in Ta-An District of Taipei City and five rural areas evenly distributed in Taiwan Province. A total of 11,478 randomly selected subjects aged 40 years or over were surveyed. World Health Organization designations of diabetes and hypertension were followed. The longitudinal observation was made in 1990 for the cohort living in Taipei City who had neither diabetes nor hypertension in 1986. Of 2822 subjects, 1873 individuals participated in the follow-up study and 52 had died, giving a response rate of 67.6%. In comparison with Caucasian or Polynesian populations, Chinese adults have a much lower prevalence of obesity (body mass index [BMI] greater than 30 kg/m2). Univariate and multivariate analyses revealed both diabetes and hypertension increased as body build became heavier. The age-adjusted prevalence ratio and relative risk for the fourth quartile of BMI compared to the first quartile were 2.72 and 2.87, respectively, for diabetes as well as 2.96 and 2.24, respectively, for hypertension. Multiple logistic regression analyses revealed a slightly higher increase in prevalence of hypertension than that of diabetes for every 1 kg/m2 increase in BMI (1.16-fold and 1.12-fold, respectively), while a similar increase in BMI resulted in a slightly higher relative risk of diabetes than that of hypertension (1.14-fold and 1.11-fold, respectively). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Islet amyloid polypeptide (IAPP) secretion from islet cells and its plasma concentration in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Islet amyloid polypeptide (IAPP/Amylin) is a novel peptide which was extracted from islet amyloid deposits in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). However, its pattern of secretions and plasma concentrations under various conditions has not yet been made clear enough. In this study, we examined IAPP secretion from islet beta-cells in vitro using cultured islet cells of neonatal rat pancreas and plasma IAPP responses under various conditions in vivo in normal control subjects and patients with glucose intolerance. Our data revealed that (1) IAPP is co-secreted with insulin from islet cells of the rat pancreas by glucose and non-glucose stimuli; (2) fasting plasma IAPP levels in normal control subjects are 24.9 +/- 2.0 pg/ml and the molar ratio of IAPP/insulin is approximately 1/7; (3) fasting IAPP levels are high in obese patients and low in insulin-dependent diabetic patients, and the molar ratio of IAPP/C-peptide in NIDDM patients is lower than that in normal control subjects, suggesting the basal hyposecretion of IAPP relative to insulin in NIDDM; and (4) the obese patients who had a hyperresponsiveness of insulin relative to C-peptide had the hyperresponsiveness of IAPP relative to C-peptide during an oral glucose load, suggesting that IAPP may have some physiological effect in glucose metabolism.
Skeletal muscle density: effects of obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Obesity is associated with increased lean mass but its effects on lean-tissue density are less clear. To examine the effects of obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) on lean-tissue composition and density, cross-sectional computed tomography (CT) scans of the midthigh were obtained in 20 men of various weights. Obesity was associated with increases in thigh-adipose (r = 0.75) and lean-tissue volumes (r = 0.52) and with reduced density of lean tissue (r = -0.73). The increased lean tissue in obesity was due to a nonadipose tissue component with a density below the normal range of muscle, an effect compounded by NIDDM, whereas normal-density muscle volume was unchanged.
[Pattern of plasma lipids and insulin blood levels in male patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and moderate obesity].; The goal of the present work is the study of the plasmatic lipid profile in non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients with abdominal obesity (AO), comparing them the NIDDM patients without AO and with OA persons without NIDDM. For that purpose we developed a methodology in which we have studied the body mass index (BMI: kg/m2) the hip-waist index (HWI) (0.95 = AO), lipid parameters, hydrocarbon, titers and serum insulin levels. The results are referred to four groups where we can throw into relief a statistically significant increase in triglycerides and a marked decrease in HDL cholesterol in OA and DM patients when compared to the group with AO without MD or to the group with MD without AO. Based on the results obtained the conclusions can be summarized as follows: The presence of abdominal obesity is a factor that favors the appearance of high levels of serum triglycerides and low levels of HDL-cholesterol in NIDDM. On the other hand, DM is a factor that increases the levels of triglycerides with low levels of HDL-cholesterol which already exist in AO.
Thermic effect of glucose in obese subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; A reduced thermic effect of glucose in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has been previously reported. To investigate whether this defect is related to 1) a decreased rate of glucose storage, 2) a reduced energy cost of glucose storage, or 3) a defect in the sympathetically mediated component of thermogenesis, we studied the thermic effect of ingested and infused glucose in nine NIDDM obese Pima Indians [90.5 +/- 3.9 kg, 39 +/- 2% fat, fasting plasma glucose (FPG) 130 +/- 10 mg/dl] and in nine nondiabetic obese Pima Indians (99.3 +/- 7.2 kg, 38 +/- 2% fat, FPG 103 +/- 2 mg/dl). Energy expenditure and glucose storage were derived from indirect calorimetry measurements. The thermic effect of 100 g of glucose was found to be similar in both groups (4.0 +/- 0.9 vs. 5.0 +/- 1.3% of energy ingested in diabetic and nondiabetic subjects, respectively) but lower than that previously reported in nonobese subjects. The cost of glucose storage calculated after stimulating storage by constant glucose infusion (0.46 g/min) and variable insulin infusion (19.5 +/- 3.8 vs. 2.9 +/- 0.6 mU.kg-1.min-1 in diabetic and nondiabetic subjects, respectively; P less than .01) was similar in both groups (approximately 0.35 kcal/g glucose stored) and not different from that reported in lean subjects. As opposed to lean and obese Caucasian subjects, energy expenditure failed to markedly decrease during propranolol infusion in both nondiabetic and diabetic Pima Indians. We postulate that the decreased rate of tissue glucose uptake and storage associated with insulin resistance is the major cause of the lower thermic effect of ingested glucose in NIDDM.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Insulin action in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: the relationship between hepatic and extrahepatic insulin resistance and obesity.; To determine the contribution of obesity to the insulin resistance of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, insulin dose response curves for suppression of glucose production and stimulation of glucose utilization were generated in lean and obese diabetic patients and compared to those observed in weight-matched nondiabetic subjects. Glucose utilization during 0.4, 1.0, and 10.0 mU/kg x min insulin infusions (producing insulin concentrations ranging from approximately 50 to 2,000 microU/mL) was lower (p less than .02 to .001) in lean and obese diabetic patients compared to weight-matched nondiabetic subjects indicating insulin resistance. Glucose utilization was not correlated with obesity in the diabetic subjects. Suppression of glucose production was impaired (P less than .03 and .001) in both the lean and obese diabetic subjects at physiologic but not supraphysiologic insulin concentrations. We conclude that patients with NIDDM have both hepatic and extrahepatic insulin resistance, the severity of which appears to be independent of the degree of obesity.
Increased resting metabolic rates in obese subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and the effect of sulfonylurea therapy.; Obese subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) lose weight soon after diagnosis and tend to gain weight during hypoglycemic therapy. One explanation for these weight shifts is the change in caloric loss from glycosuria. We compared 24 obese Pima Indians with NIDDM to 24 Pima Indians with normal glucose tolerance to determine whether resting metabolic rate changes may be an additional factor influencing the weight shifts. The diabetic and nondiabetic subjects were equally obese, body fat 38 +/- 1% versus 37 +/- 1% (mean +/- SEM), respectively, as determined by densitometry. In the morning after an overnight fast, resting metabolic rate (RMR) was measured by indirect calorimetry. The mean RMR of the diabetic subjects, 32.9 +/- 0.5 kcal/day X kg fat-free mass (FFM), was 5% higher than that of the nondiabetic subjects, 31.4 +/- 0.5 kcal/day X kg FFM (P less than 0.05). In nine of the diabetic subjects, 6 wk of tolazamide therapy was associated with reductions in mean FPG, 253 +/- 16 to 144 +/- 14 mg/dl (P less than 0.01), mean daily urine glucose loss, 128 +/- 26 to 11 +/- 4 g (P less than 0.01), and mean RMR, 31.9 +/- 0.8 to 30.2 +/- 0.6 kcal/day X kg FFM (P less than 0.04). Weight of the subjects was maintained constant from beginning to end of therapy (106.5 +/- 9.6 versus 108.1 +/- 9.9 kg) by decreasing daily calorie intake from 3070 +/- 103 to 2784 +/- 163 kcal (P less than 0.01). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Effects of weight loss on mechanisms of hyperglycemia in obese non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To quantitate the effects of weight loss on the mechanisms responsible for hyperglycemia in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), eight obese subjects with NIDDM were studied before and after weight reduction with posttreatment assessment after 3 wks of isocaloric (weight maintenance) refeeding. After weight loss of 16.8 +/- 2.7 kg (mean +/- SE), the fasting plasma glucose level decreased 55% from 277 +/- 21 to 123 +/- 8 mg/dl. The individual fasting glucose levels were highly correlated with the elevated basal rates of hepatic glucose output (HGO) (r = 0.91, P less than .001), which fell from 138 +/- 11 to 87 +/- 5 mg X m-2 X min-1 after weight loss. The change in fasting plasma glucose also correlated significantly with the change in the basal rates of HGO (r = 0.74, P less than .05). This was associated with reduced fasting serum levels of glucagon (from 229 +/- 15 to 141 +/- 12 pg/ml), reduced free fatty acids (from 791 +/- 87 to 379 +/- 35 mu eq/L), and unchanged basal insulin levels (17 +/- 4 to 15 +/- 2 microU/ml). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
A comparison of the relative effects of obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus on in vivo insulin-stimulated glucose utilization.; Insulin clamp studies were carried out in 50 individuals, 25 with normal glucose tolerance and 25 with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Both diagnostic groups were further subdivided on the basis of body mass index (BMI) into an obese (BMI greater than 28 kg/m2) or nonobese group (BMI less than 28 kg/m2). The obese and nonobese subjects in each diagnostic category had similar plasma glucose levels in response to an oral glucose challenge. In addition, insulin-stimulated glucose utilization, as assessed by determination of glucose metabolic clearance rate (MCR), was not different as a function of obesity. Glucose MCR (mean +/- SEM) in obese subjects (mean BMI = 32.1) with normal glucose tolerance was 162 ml/min/m2, as compared with a value of 205 ml/min/m2 in nonobese individuals (mean BMI = 23.8). This difference was not statistically significant. Similarly, glucose MCR in obese patients (mean BMI = 34.7) with NIDDM was 55 ml/min/m2, as compared with a value of 80 ml/min/m2 in nonobese subjects (mean BMI = 24.9) with NIDDM. However, as can be seen from the above data, glucose MCR in patients with NIDDM, either nonobese or obese, was markedly reduced (P less than 0.001) when compared with that of normal subjects. These data emphasize the profound effect of NIDDM on reducing in vivo insulin action, and point out that the impact of obesity on insulin resistance is minor in comparison.
Does day-long absolute hypoinsulinemia characterize the patient with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus?.; Plasma glucose and insulin responses to a standard oral glucose tolerance test (75 g of glucose) and to mixed meals were compared in 15 normal subjects and 15 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Fasting plasma glucose levels were above 140 mg/dL in all patients with NIDDM, and the two groups were weight matched. Plasma glucose levels were significantly higher in patients with NIDDM throughout the glucose tolerance test, and this was associated with a marked reduction in plasma insulin response. Plasma glucose levels were also higher in patients with NIDDM when measured hourly from 8 AM to 5 PM (mixed meals were consumed at 8 AM and 12 PM), but the plasma insulin concentration of the two groups were similar. Thus, the day-long circulating insulin levels of patients with NIDDM are not reduced. Consequently, these patients cannot be considered to be absolutely insulin deficient.
Effect of variations in basal plasma glucose concentration on glucose utilization (M) and metabolic clearance (MCR) rates during insulin clamp studies in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Two insulin clamp studies were performed at different steady-state plasma glucose concentrations in 13 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Steady-state plasma insulin concentrations were comparable, with mean +/- SEM levels of 94 +/- 3 and 95 +/- 4 muU/ml being achieved during the two studies. Glucose utilization rate (M) varied directly with plasma glucose concentration in each subject. Thus, the mean +/- SEM value of M was 4.92 +/- 0.73 mg/kg/min when patients were studied at a mean +/- SEM plasma glucose concentration of 226 +/- 15 mg/dl, and M was 2.71 mg/kg/min when the same subjects were studied at a glucose concentration of 118 +/- 6 mg/dl. In contrast, the values for glucose metabolic clearance rate (MCR), which were 2.35 +/- 0.50 and 2.49 +/- 0.47 ml/kg/min, respectively, during the two studies, did not vary significantly with plasma glucose concentration. These data indicate that the glucose metabolic clearance rate (MCR), but not glucose utilization rate (M), can be used to compare in vivo insulin action when insulin clamp studies are performed in subjects with different basal plasma glucose concentrations.
Comparison of insulin secretion and in vivo insulin action in nonobese and moderately obese individuals with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Insulin secretion and in vivo insulin action were quantified in nonobese and moderately obese patients (approximately 30% overweight) with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), matched for severity of diabetes. Insulin secretion was assessed by determining plasma insulin responses to a test meal given at noon, and in vivo insulin action by the insulin clamp technique. No significant differences were noted between the two groups for either variable. Thus, it cannot be assumed that the cause of hyperglycemia in patients with NIDDM differs between nonobese and moderately obese subjects.
Effect of sulfonylurea treatment on in vivo insulin secretion and action in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The effect of glipizide treatment on diabetic control and on in vivo insulin secretion and action was studied in 20 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Patients were examined before and after a minimum of 3 mo treatment. Mean (+/- SEM) fasting plasma glucose level fell from 264 +/- 12 mg/dl to 172 +/- 10 mg/dl (P < 0.001) after glipizide treatment, and this was associated with a fall in total plasma glucose response to a test meal of approximately 35%. Mean (+/- SEM) fasting plasma insulin levels increased slightly from 15 +/- 2 micronU/ml following sulfonylurea treatment, and the total plasma insulin response to the test meal increased by 63%. However, there was no correlation (r = - 0.20) between the increase in plasma insulin response and the fall in plasma glucose levels that occurred as the result of sulfonylurea therapy. Glipizide treatment also led to enhanced in vivo insulin action, whether measured by the insulin clamp technique (P < 0.001) or the insulin suppression test (P< 0.02). Furthermore, in this instance there was a significant correlation (r - 0.69, P < 0.001) between the enhanced insulin action and the improvement on diabetes control. Thus, chronic therapy with glipizide, a new sulfonylurea agent, led to increased in vivo insulin secretion and insulin action. These results lend direct support to the assumption that sulfonylurea compounds have a substantial extrapancreatic effect on glucose homeostasis, and suggest that this effect contributes to the therapeutic efficacy of these drugs.
Postreceptor defects causing insulin resistance in normoinsulinemic non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The mechanisms of the diminished hypoglycemic response to insulin in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with normal levels of circulating plasma insulin were investigated. Specific binding of mono-125I (Tyr A14)-insulin to isolated adipocytes and effects of insulin (5--10,000 microunits/ml) on glucose oxidation and lipolysis were determined simultaneously in subcutaneous adipose tissue of seven healthy subjects of normal weight and seven untreated NIDDM patients with normal plasma insulin levels. The two groups were matched for age, sex, and body weight. Insulin binding, measured in terms of receptor number and affinity, was normal in NIDDM, the total number of receptors averaging 350,000 per cell. Neither sensitivity nor the maximum antilipolytic effect of insulin was altered in NIDDM patients as compared with control subjects; the insulin concentration producing half the maximum effect (ED50) was 10 microunits/ml. As regards the effect of insulin on glucose oxidation, for the control subjects ED50 was 30 microunits/ml, whereas in NIDDM patients, insulin exerted no stimulatory effect. The results obtained suggest that the effect of insulin on glucose utilization in normoinsulinemic NIDDM may be diminished in spite of normal insulin binding to receptors. The resistance may be due solely to postreceptor defects, and does not involve antilipolysis.
Plasma glucose and insulin after fructose an high-fructose corn syrup meals in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The impact on plasma glucose of 35 g of fructose or an equicaloric amount (43.75 g) of high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS) (as part of a 400-calorie meal) was measured in six patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Blood samples were collected periodically at all points for all patients for 3 h for plasma glucose (PG) and insulin (IRI) determinations. The mean peak PG increment was higher after the HFCS meal (66.5 mg/dl) than after the fructose meals (45.5 mg/dl). When increase in the mean plasma glucose concentration (delta PG) after the fructose meals were compared with the delta PG after the HFCS meals, there was statistical significance at 15 min (P less than 0.02) and 30 min (P less than 0.05). The total areas under the 3-h curves of mean delta PG showed a highly significant (P less than 0.001) difference between the fructose meal (5601 planimetry U) compared with the HFCS meal (8023 planimetry U). Mean changes in IRI after meals with either sweetener were comparable. These findings suggest that fructose is superior to HFCS as a sweetening agent in patients with NIDDM.
Calcium-antagonistic effects on glucose response to glucagon in patients with non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and in normoglycemic subjects.; The current study was performed in order to investigate whether verapamil would affect the glucose response to glucagon differently in patients with non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) compared with age-matched normoglycemic controls. For that purpose glucagon was injected intravenously on a background infusion of verapamil, and for comparison also on a background infusion of saline in these two groups. Verapamil was found to blunt the glucose response to glucagon in the patients with NIDDM, whereas it augmented the glucose response to glucagon in the controls. This discrepancy could not be explained on the basis of verapamil-induced changes in the release of insulin, since verapamil did not effect the serum responses to glucagon. However, it could reflect the differences in hepatic handling of glucose, which has been shown to prevail in patients with NIDDM compared with healthy controls.
Mechanism and significance of insulin resistance in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To determine whether receptor and/or postreceptor abnormalities of insulin action were responsible for insulin resistance in nonobese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and to assess the role of insulin resistance in their impaired glucose tolerance, insulin dose-response characteristics, insulin binding to monocytes, and insulin secretion were compared in 10 nonobese patients with NIDDM and six age-weight-matched nondiabetic volunteers. The insulin resistance of the diabetics was characterized by a shift to the right of their insulin dose-response curve (Km 81 +/- 4 microunits/ml vs. 58 +/- 2 microunits/ml in the nondiabetics P less than 0.001) but a normal maximal response to insulin. Although monocyte insulin binding was decreased in the diabetics (P less than 0.01), their response to insulin was appropriate for the number of insulin receptors occupied indicating normal postreceptor function. Insulin secretion was markedly reduced in diabetic subjects (52 +/- 22 vs. 471 +/- 90 microunits . ml-1 . 10 min-1 in the nondiabetic subjects, P less than 0.001) and was more strongly correlated with fasting plasma glucose (r = 0.92, P less than 0.001) and intravenous glucose tolerance (Kivgtt) (r = 0.98, P less than 0.001) than was insulin sensitivity (Km) (r = 0.23, NS, and r = 0.57, P less than 0.05, respectively). We conclude that in nonobese patients with NIDDM, insulin resistance is characterized by a shift to the right of the insulin dose-response curve, which can be accounted for solely by an insulin receptor defect. However, in these patients, impaired insulin secretion rather than insulin resistance appears to be the predominant metabolic abnormality.
Improvement of glucose tolerance by verapamil in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To study the effect of verapamil on the glucose tolerance and insulin response to oral glucose, 6 healthy subjects and 15 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were performed on separate days: 1) A standardized oral glucose load, 2) an identical glucose load during i.v. infusion of verapamil, and 3) a third oral glucose load after one week of oral verapamil treatment. No significant differences were found when the insulin and glucose responses with and without verapamil were compared. The patients with NIDDM were divided into three groups. Two tests were performed on separate days in each patient: group 1, a standardized oral glucose load and an identical glucose load during i.v. verapamil infusion; group 2, a standardized oral glucose load and a similar glucose load after one week of oral verapamil treatment; group 3, the protocol of group 2 was followed but oral placebo was given instead of verapamil. In groups 1 and 2, verapamil improved the tolerance for oral glucose, whereas the insulin response remained unaffected. In group 3, no significant differences were found in the insulin and glucose responses to the two oral glucose loads. These findings thus imply that verapamil improves the tolerance for oral glucose regardless of the route of verapamil administration in patients with NIDDM. They also indicate that this is accomplished by an effect of verapamil on other glucose regulatory factors than insulin.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) in a newly independent Pacific nation: the Republic of Kiribati.; A population-based survey of 2938 subjects has demonstrated a high prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) in the Micronesian population of Kiribati (formerly the Gilbert Islands). This finding provides further support for evidence from Nauru, Guam, and the Marshall Islands that Micronesians are particularly susceptible to NIDDM. The age-standardized prevalence was over twice as high in an urban, as compared with a rural, sample (9.1 versus 3.0 in men, 8.7 versus 3.3 in women). To test the a priori hypotheses that obesity, reduced physical activity, and a nontraditional diet are associated with NIDDM, indices of these factors were compared in rural and urban subjects. The rural population was found to be leaner, to have a higher estimate of habitual physical activity, and to have a lower percentage of daily energy intake derived from imported foods. Further analysis demonstrated that obesity alone was insufficient to explain the rural-urban difference in prevalence of NIDDM. The multiple logistic regression model demonstrated a significant association between the prevalence of NIDDM and both obesity and urbanization in men. In women, obesity, physical inactivity, and urbanization were all associated with increased prevalence of NIDDM.
Differential effects of ambient blood glucose level and degree of obesity on basal serum C-peptide level and the C-peptide response to glucose and glucagon in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We student basal, glucose- and glucagon-induced insulin secretion in non-insulin diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients in relation to body mass index (BMI) and fasting serum glucose (FBS) level. A total of 46 NIDDM patients and 22 control subjects with varying degrees of BMI and FBS were given 100 g of oral glucose and 1 mg of intravenous glucagon on separate days. C-peptide response to glucose, but not basal serum C-peptide and C-peptide response to glucagon, was significantly lower in NIDDM than in controls (P < 0.001). FBS was inversely correlated with C-peptide response to glucose in NIDDM patients (r = -0.67, P < 0.001), but not with basal C-peptide level and C-peptide response to glucagon. On the other hand, BMI was positively correlated with basal serum C-peptide level both in NIDDM (r = 0.60, P < 0.001) and in control subjects (r = 0.74, P < 0.001). In 15 poorly controlled NIDDM patients, the tests were repeated after insulin treatment for 10-14 days. C-peptide response to glucose significantly increase, but not to a level in control subjects, after glycemic control. Basal serum C-peptide level and the C-peptide response to glucagon decreased after glycemic control to significantly lower levels than those in the baseline and those in control subjects. These results suggest that beta cell secretory reserve is reduced in moderate to severe NIDDM patients.
Moderate exercise improves glucose metabolism in uncontrolled elderly patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Exercise should be an integral part of the treatment in non-insulin-dependent (NIDDM) diabetic patients, yet most of these patients' performance is low, mainly because of their obesity and concomitant macrovascular disease. We studied the influence of a moderate exercise training on parameters of glucose control in NIDDM patients. Forty patients aged 56.6 +/- 6.6 years were assigned randomly according to age and sex into exercise and control groups. The exercise group trained for 45 min 3 times weekly for 12 weeks, while the control group did not change their lifestyle. At the end of the study the exercise group had a significant reduction in plasma levels of triglycerides, fructosamine and glycohemoglobin. The improvement in metabolic control persisted significantly in patients who continued to exercise at varying levels at home during 1 year of follow-up.
Increased incidence of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus among Japanese schoolchildren correlates with an increased intake of animal protein and fat.; Non-insulin dependent diabetes (NIDDM) was diagnosed in 188 of more than 7 million Tokyo schoolchildren tested between 1974 and 1994 for glycosuria followed by oral glucose tolerance testing. The incidence rate of NIDDM in youth has continued to increase since 1976. While the daily energy intake has not changed significantly, the consumption of animal protein and fat by the Japanese population has greatly increased during the past two decades, and this change in diet, with low levels of physical activity, may exacerbate insulin resistance and glucose intolerance.
Effect of glycemic control on the kinetics of whole-body protein metabolism in obese subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus during iso- and hypoenergetic feeding.; We postulated whether interventions capable of restoring euglycemia would correct whole-body protein metabolism, shown previously to be elevated in hyperglycemic persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM). The kinetics of protein metabolism were estimated in obese subjects with NIDDM in the hyper- and normoglycemic states during isoenergetic feeding and in the normoglycemic state induced by 4 wk of a very-low-energy diet (VLED) with constant protein intake. Seven NIDDM subjects [three males and four females with a body mass index (in kg/m2) of 39 +/- 2] were given a weight-maintaining, liquid formula providing 95 g protein/d for 15 d, followed in six subjects (two males and four females) for 27 d by a diet providing 1.7 MJ, 93 g protein derived from casein-soy, 13 g carbohydrate, 2 g fat, multivitamins and minerals, and a potassium bicarbonate supplement (32 mmol) per day. Exogenous insulin was given to achieve normoglycemia during the first 8 d of isoenergetic feeding. On days 6-8, 12-14, and 25-27, nitrogen flux rate was calculated from the urine [15N]urea enrichment by using the 60-h oral [15N]glycine method to obtain "integrated" feeding and fasting values. Rates of synthesis and breakdown were calculated from nitrogen flux. During isoenergetic feeding, normoglycemia was associated with more positive nitrogen balance (2.6 +/- 0.5 compared with -0.6 +/- 0.6 g N/d, P < 0.05); 18-23% lower nitrogen flux, and synthesis and breakdown rates (P < 0.05), and a 3% decrease in resting energy expenditure (P < 0.05). During the VLED, euglycemia was achieved but nitrogen balance, although it became less negative with time, never reached equilibrium. This was associated with significant (P < 0.05) decreases in the synthesis rate, resulting in net protein losses. Thus, the altered protein metabolism in moderately hyperglycemic NIDDM subjects was improved with exogenous insulin in doses sufficient to restore normoglycemia in the isoenergetic fed state, but it remained abnormal with a reduced non-protein energy intake. This suggests that protein metabolism is more sensitive to insulinization than was thought previously.
Insulin therapy in patients with poorly controlled non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; In spite of maximal doses of sulphonylurea agents, patients with poorly controlled non-insulin dependent diabetes (NIDDM) often do not have improved metabolic control after the introduction of insulin therapy. We have assessed 22 patients with NIDDM who commenced insulin therapy in order to identify those characteristics which were associated with an improvement in glycaemic control. Twelve months after the commencement of insulin therapy, 14 (64%) patients showed a decrease in glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1) levels; 12 of the 14 (55%) patients had achieved HbA1 levels that were considered to reflect acceptable glycaemic control (HbA1 less than or equal to 11%; reference range, 6%-9%). The HbA1 levels in the other patients either remained unchanged or had increased (one subject). When the subjects who had achieved good glycaemic control with insulin therapy were compared with the remainder of the group, a failure to improve with insulin therapy was associated with a longer duration of diabetes, greater obesity and higher levels of cholesterol and triglycerides before the commencement of insulin therapy. Greater obesity and high levels of circulating lipids were found by means of multiple linear regression analysis to correlate independently with a poor response to insulin therapy. We conclude that standard insulin therapy can improve the majority of patients with poorly controlled NIDDM. However, there is a substantial number of patients, who tend to be obese and have high levels of circulating lipids, whose condition does not improve with insulin therapy, or who require more aggressive dosage increases than are used as a routine.
Pathophysiology of insulin secretion in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The pathogenesis of the abnormal metabolic state in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) is controversial. Even the term NIDDM stirs controversy because of the easily drawn inference that individuals with this form of diabetes do not need insulin treatment. Yet many patients with NIDDM are treated with insulin; some even develop hyperosmolar coma if not given insulin. Ketoacidosis, however, is very infrequent in this syndrome, implying that these patients are not dependent on insulin treatment to prevent mass mobilization of fatty acids and ketone bodies. The phrase noninsulin-dependent is therefore appropriate when used in this restricted fashion but inappropriate when used to imply adequacy of insulin secretion. The evaluation of the adequacy of islet function in this syndrome has been complex, since there is no standard of insulin output that can be defined for normal islets without specifying the physiologic setting under which the assessment has been made. For example, individuals with normal glucose levels but variable degrees of obesity have widely varying insulin secretion rates. Thus, the choice of controls is critical when comparing islet function in NIDDM to normal. In addition, the efficiency of the B-cell response to a challenge (e.g., oral glucose tolerance test) can markedly influence the magnitude of the stimulatory glucose level during the period of testing. For example, a subject with some impairment of insulin output will tend to become more hyperglycemic during the test. The hyperglycemia may then stimulate more insulin secretion so that the overall insulin output may appear equal to or even greater than that of a normal individual. In such a closed-loop system, strict control of input variables is necessary to evaluate whether or not insulin secretion is normal. As will be discussed, control of glucose level and other variables is seldom accomplished in dynamic glucose tolerance tests. As will be presented in this review, the development of appropriately controlled studies of islet function has provided convincing evidence that islet B-cell function is abnormal in patients with NIDDM. Since these studies are based on an understanding of normal islet function, normal islet B-cell physiology is discussed before pathophysiology. Finally, the implications of this analysis for the treatment of NIDDM with diet, hypoglycemic sulfonylureas, and insulin will be discussed.
Effects of weight loss and reduced hyperglycemia on the kinetics of insulin secretion in obese non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Impairment in pancreatic production of insulin, a cardinal feature of noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), was quantified and the kinetics of insulin secretion characterized in six obese individuals with NIDDM before and after weight loss (18.0 +/- 3.0 kg, mean +/- SEM) using a validated mathematical model that employs C-peptide as a marker of the in vivo rate of insulin secretion. The metabolic clearance of C-peptide, assessed by decay analysis after bolus injection of biosynthetic human C-peptide, was not changed by weight loss (0.143 +/- 0.009 L/min.m2 vs. 0.137 +/- 0.010 L/min.m2). Kinetic parameters from each individual's decay curve before and after weight loss were used to derive accurate rates of secretion during the basal (postabsorptive) state, an oral glucose tolerance test and two hyperglycemic clamps. Basal rates of insulin secretion declined 20 +/- 5 pmol/min.m2 (96 +/- 15 to 76 +/- 15 pmol/min.m2, P less than 0.05) concomitant with decreases of 6.9 +/- 0.9 mmol/L in fasting serum glucose (13.7 +/- 1.0 to 6.8 +/- 0.7 mmol/L, P less than 0.05), 60 +/- 14 pmol/L in serum insulin (134 +/- 30 to 74 +/- 15 pmol/L, P less than 0.05), and 0.15 +/- 0.03 pmol/ml in plasma C-peptide (0.67 +/- 0.11 to 0.52 +/- 0.08 pmol/ml, P less than 0.05) concentrations. As expected, weight loss resulted in improved glucose tolerance as measured by the glycemic profiles during the oral glucose tolerance test (P less than 0.05 analysis of variance). The insulin secretory response before weight loss showed a markedly reduced ability to respond appropriately to an increase in the ambient serum glucose. After weight loss, the pancreatic response was more dynamic (P less than 0.05, analysis of variance) and parralleled the moment-to-moment changes in glycemia. Insulin production above basal doubled (11.2 +/- 3.2 to 24.5 +/- 5.8 nmol/6h.m2, P less than 0.05) and peak rates of insulin secretion above basal tripled (55 +/- 16 to 157 +/- 32 pmol/min/m2, P less than 0.05). To assess the beta-cell response to glucose per se and the changes associated with weight reduction, two hyperglycemic clamps were performed at steady state glucose levels in the range characteristic of individuals with severe NIDDM. At a fixed glycemia of 20 mmol/L, average rates of insulin secretion increased almost 2-fold with treatment (161 +/- 41 to 277 +/- 60 pmol/min.m2, P less than 0.05). At an increment of 6 mmol/L glucose above prevailing fasting glucose levels, the average rate of insulin secretion increased 53% (120 +/- 21 to 183 +/- 39 pmol/min.m2, P less than 0.05). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
[Benefits of blood glucose self-monitoring in the management of insulin-dependent (IDDM) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM). Analysis of the literature: mixed results].; Since the 1980s, self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) has allowed easier and improved treatment of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). SMBG has proved efficient in very selected patients and in conditions such as pregnancy, intensive insulin therapy (CSII and optimal bolus regimen), physical exercise and self-awareness of specific hypoglycaemic symptoms. Through the use of pen insulin injectors, SMBG should improve the autonomy, well-being and metabolic control of most IDDM patients. However, as SMBG is continuing to develop in France, costs are rising (estimated at $170 million per year in 1997), which has led some diabetologists to question its real benefit for all diabetic patients and its cost-effectiveness. Our study of published data indicates that SMBG often fails to be beneficial in non-selected IDDM patients, whether children adolescents or adults. However, educational sessions on SMBG and insulin dose adjustment have demonstrated that SMBG improves well-trained patients. Most authors recommend applying psychosocial scales and suitable educational tools to obtain positive results and justify the human and economic costs involved. In non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), the use of SMBG is increasingly recommended by diabetologists and general practitioners. However, trials investigating the effects of SMBG in NIDDM patients have found no benefit for metabolic control or weight loss. We recommend a moderate use of SMBG in NIDDM patients and the development of clinical research strategies to study the benefit for NIDDM patients of a method which is increasing health costs appreciably.
Effect of chronic treatment with Enicostemma littorale in non-insulin-dependent diabetic (NIDDM) rats.; We have studied the effect of aqueous extract of Enicostemma. littorale (2 g/kg p.o.) daily for 6 weeks in neonatal non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) rats. To induce NIDDM a single dose injection of STZ (70 mg/kg; i.p.) was given to the 5-day-old pups. After 3 months of STZ injection when animals were confirmed as diabetic, E. littorale was administered for 6 weeks. Fasting and fed glucose and insulin levels in NIDDM were significantly (P<0.05) higher than control rats and they were significantly decreased by the treatment with E. littorale. Results of the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) showed a significant (P<0.05) decrease in both AUC(glucose) and AUC(insulin) values in NIDDM treated group. Insulin sensitivity (K(ITT)) index of NIDDM control was significantly lower as compared with Wistar control and this was significantly (P<0.05) increased after treatment with E. littorale. Treatment with E. littorale also decreased the elevated cholesterol, triglyceride and creatinine levels observed in NIDDM rats. Our data suggest that aqueous extract of E. littorale is a potent herbal antidiabetic. It produces an increase in insulin sensitivity, normalizes dyslipidaemia and provides nephroprotection in diabetic rats.
Improvement in insulin sensitivity by losartan in non-insulin-dependent diabetic (NIDDM) rats.; The present investigation was undertaken to study the effects of chronic treatment with losartan (2 mg kg(-1)/ day P.O) in neonatal non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) rats. To induce NIDDM single-dose injection of STZ (70 mg kg(-1); i.p.) was given to 5 day old pups. The animals were weaned at 30 days and after a period of 3 months, they were checked for fasting and fed glucose levels to confirm the status of NIDDM. Losartan (2 mg kg(-1); p.o.) was administered for 6 weeks into the confirmed diabetic rats. A group of control animals were also maintained and this group received saline 5 days after birth. Fasting and fed glucose levels in NIDDM rats were significantly higher than control rats. Treatment with losartan in the NIDDM rats caused a significant decrease in insulin levels and reduction in elevated fasting and fed glucose levels. Results of the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) showed a significant increase in AUC(glucose)and AUC(insulin)values in NIDDM control rats. Losartan treatment significantly decreased both AUC(glucose)and AUC(insulin)values. Insulin sensitivity (K(ITT)) index of NIDDM control was significantly low as compared to Wistar control animals followed by significant increase in T(1/2)glucose value. Losartan treatment significantly reversed both K(ITT)and T(1/2)glucose value. Our data indicates that losartan increases insulin sensitivity in NIDDM rats. Copyright 2001 Academic Press.
Incidence of insulin-dependent diabetes (IDDM) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) (0-34 years at onset) in Benghazi, Libya.; The incidence of insulin-dependent diabetes (IDDM) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) in Benghazi, Libya in the < 35-year age group during the period 1981-1990 are reported. Incidence data for IDDM were based on prospective registration of patients while incidence data for NIDDM were based on analysis of files. Case ascertainment of IDDM cases was estimated to be > 95%. Incidence of total diabetes (IDDM and NIDDM) (per 100000 population) was significantly higher in females (43.8; 95% confidence Interval (CI) 40.6-47.2) than in males (28.9, 26.6-31.3) (P < 0.001). The overall incidence rates of IDDM and NIDDM were 9.0 (CI, 8.1-10.0) and 27.3 (CI, 25.4-28.2), respectively. Rates of IDDM were 9.4 (CI, 8.1-10.9) among males and 8.5 (CI, 7.3-10.0) among females. Rates of NIDDM were 19.6 (CI, 18.1-22.2) among males and 35.3 (CI, 32.4-37.8) among females. IDDM patients showed a female predominance in the 0- to 14-year age range (P > 0.05) and a male predominance in the 15- to 34-year age range (P > 0.05). NIDDM showed equal incidence in males and females in the 0- to 14-year age range and twofold higher incidence in females than in males in the 15- to 34-year age group (P < 0.001). Yearly variation and seasonality of onset were not significant in IDDM cases (P > 0.05). Fifty-six percent of NIDDM cases were obese compared to only 6% of IDDM cases. The study revealed that diabetes mellitus is a common chronic disease in children and young Libyan Arabs. It has shown that NIDDM in Benghazi is twofold higher in females than in males in the 15- to 34-year age group. It has also shown that age per se is not a reliable criterion for the classification of diabetes into IDDM and NIDDM.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI-1) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes in Pima Indians, south Asians and Europeans. Populations at varying risk of NIDDM and coronary artery disease.; Activity of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), a potent inhibitor of fibrinolysis, is raised in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and may contribute to excess macrovascular disease. We investigated the association of PAI-1 activity with NIDDM in Pima Indians, a racial group with low risk of coronary artery disease, but in whom the impact of NIDDM on the occurrence of coronary artery disease is similar to other racial groups. We studied 308 (136 non-diabetic, 172 diabetic) Pima Indians from Arizona, and 138 (98 non-diabetic, 40 diabetic) South Asians and 129 (80 non-diabetic, 49 diabetic) Europeans living in North London. PAI-1 activity was measured by a spectrophotometric assay, and insulin, intact proinsulin and des 31,32 proinsulin concentrations were measured employing highly specific monoclonal antibody-based assays. Compared with non-diabetic subjects, PAI-1 activity was significantly higher in subjects with NIDDM among South Asians (22.8 +/- 7.3 vs. 17.4 +/- 6.9 AU/ml, p < 0.001) and Europeans (23.1 +/- 6.6 vs. 16.5 +/- 6.1 AU/ml, p < 0.001) but not among Pima Indians (19.5 +/- 9.6 vs. 18.5 +/- 8.6 AU/ml, ns). The association of PAI-1 activity with diabetes remained statistically significant when controlled for age, sex, body mass index and waist-hip ratio, serum triglyceride and fasting insulin concentrations in South Asians (p < 0.001) and Europeans (p < 0.001). The relationships of PAI-1 activity with clinical and biochemical variables were similar in the three racial groups other than for fasting and 2 h plasma glucose concentrations which were significantly associated with PAI-1 activity in South Asians (partial r = 0.32 and 0.31) and Europeans (partial r = 0.44 and 0.50) but not in Pima Indians (partial r = 0.11 and 0.15). In Pima Indians with NIDDM, PAI-1 activity was similar in those treated with sulphonylureas, insulin, or no drugs for diabetes. In conclusion, the association of PAI-1 with diabetes differs in racial groups who are at different risk of NIDDM and ischaemic heart disease. Previously reported differences in the prevalence of ischaemic heart disease between diabetic and non-diabetic Pima Indians, and between non-diabetic subjects from the three racial groups, are unlikely to be due to differences in PAI-1 activity.
Determinants for the progression from impaired glucose tolerance to non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The World Health Organization distinguishes among non-diabetic persons a form of glucose intolerance defined as impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). The main reason for considering IGT as a diagnostic entity is its prognostic value for the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). However, the use of one or two oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) for the definition of IGT and the large variability of the 2-h glucose level may explain the wide range of the incidence rates reported for NIDDM in subjects with IGT. It is evident that the pathogenesis of diabetes is still poorly understood. Both insulin resistance and impaired function of the beta-cell are thought to be important contributing factors in the development of diabetes. The 2-h post-load glucose level from the OGTT is most powerful for the prediction of the development of NIDDM. In addition, a fasting hyperinsulinaemia and a low glucose removal rate, both reflecting insulin resistance, were found to be associated with a higher risk for the progression of NIDDM. In the San Antonio Study and in the Hoorn Study high fasting proinsulin levels, reflecting beta-cell dysfunction, were associated with progression to NIDDM. Lipid levels did not predict progression to NIDDM in most studies. A two-step model for the development of NIDDM is hypothesized. The first step, the transition from normal to impaired glucose tolerance, is assumed to depend mainly on the presence of insulin resistance. The second step, progressing from IGT to diabetes, although accompanied by some further worsening of insulin resistance, is thought to be primarily dependent on the development of beta-cell dysfunction.
Effects of candesartan cilexetil and enalapril on inflammatory markers of atherosclerosis in hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Circulating adhesion molecules may have a prognostic significance as markers of endothelial damage. Drugs which inhibit the renin-angiotensin system may be effective in reducing circulating or tissue adhesion molecules, albeit data available are scarce. The aim of the study was to investigate the effects of an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, enalapril and a highly selective angiotensin receptor blocker, candesartan cilexetil, on circulating adhesion molecules in a large sample of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The study was comparative, multicenter, randomized and double blind, with two parallel groups., PATIENTS AND METHODS: NIDDM patients with a diagnosis of mild (grade 1) essential hypertension were included in the study, at the end of a 2-week placebo run-in period. The primary end-point of the study was to evaluate changes of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) plasma levels during treatment. The secondary end-points were: changes in vascular cells adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), von Willebrand factor (vWF), fibrinogen and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) circulating levels and of urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) as well; 129 patients were randomized: 66 in the candesartan group and 63 in the enalapril group, 118 of them completed the scheduled 24-week treatment period., RESULTS: Candesartan and enalapril equally reduced circulating level of ICAM-1 and exerted comparable effects on changes of other adhesion molecules and coagulation factors. A similar blood pressure-lowering effect was observed with the two drugs (candesartan: from 148/90 +/- 11/8 to 132/82 +/- 12/7 mmHg, P < 0.01, enalapril: from 148/91 +/- 12/8 to 131/85 +/- 14/6 mmHg, P < 0.01). Candesartan was more effective than enalapril in the reduction of albuminuria (P < 0.05 between treatments), although urinary protein excretion can be considered normal in the majority of patients. The two drugs were comparable in terms of adverse events reported., CONCLUSION: Candesartan and enalapril showed similar effects on blood pressure and on circulating adhesion molecules. In this study urinary protein excretion was reduced more by candesartan.
Store-operated Ca(2+) entry and tyrosine kinase pp60(src) hyperactivity are modulated by hyperglycemia in platelets from patients with non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We have investigated the involvement of store-operated Ca(2+) entry (SOCE) in the abnormal platelet Ca(2+) homeostasis in patients with non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). In a medium containing 180 mg/dL glucose, platelets from NIDDM patients showed an increased SOCE compared to controls. We found that tyrosine phosphorylation was elevated in platelets from NIDDM patients. Consistent with this, the activity of the tyrosine kinase pp60(src) is enhanced in platelets from diabetic patients. When the experiments were performed in a medium containing 90 mg/dL both, SOCE and pp60(src) activity, were similar to those found in control platelets. Our results indicate that SOCE is altered in platelets from NIDDM patients probably due to the increased activity of the tyrosine kinase pp60(src). Both, SOCE and pp60(src) activity in platelets from NIDDM patients are more susceptible to the extracellular glucose concentration, which seems to be involved in the dysfunction of these mechanisms.
Combination therapy of dyslipidemia in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and the metabolic syndrome.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and the metabolic syndrome separately and additively increase the risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Considering the high cardiovascular risk associated with NIDDM and the metabolic syndrome, aggressive therapy of dyslipidemia with tailored combination therapy should be considered given informed consent and discussion of risks. In addition to statins, niacin, and fibrates, therapies shown to decrease the risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease include omega-3 fatty acids, diet, exercise, and optimal blood pressure control with thiazides and blockers of the renin-angiotensin system. These therapies should also be considered to reduce the high cardiovascular risk associated with NIDDM and the metabolic syndrome.
Contrasting effects of calcium channel blockade versus converting enzyme inhibition on proteinuria in African Americans with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and nephropathy.; Hypertension is a common finding in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) nephropathy. African Americans have a high prevalence of NIDDM and hypertension, and are relatively resistant to the antihypertensive effects of converting enzyme inhibitors (CEI) but respond well to calcium channel blockers (CCB). In the long-term study presented here, the effects of isradipine, a dihydropyridine calcium antagonist, on the course of the nephropathy were investigated and compared with the effects of captopril in 31 African Americans with NIDDM and proteinuria (> or = 500 mg/day). The patients were stratified by levels of GFR and proteinuria, and they were randomized to receive isradipine (N = 16) or captopril (N = 15); doses were adjusted to maintain similar BP levels (< 140/90). At 6 months, mean arterial pressure was similar (102 +/- 3 and 104 +/- 3 mm Hg in the isradipine and captopril groups, respectively) and GFR was unchanged (delta = -4 +/- 3 and +1 +/- 3 ml/min/1.73 in the isradipine and captopril groups, respectively; P = NS). However, proteinuria in the isradipine group increased by approximately 50% (2.01 +/- 0.40 versus 3.04 +/- 0.70 mg/mg creatinine at baseline versus 6 months, respectively, P < 0.05), whereas captopril reduced proteinuria by 30% after 6 months (2.85 +/- 0.70 at baseline versus 2.30 +/- 0.70 mg/mg creatinine, P < 0.05). Dietary protein, sodium intake, and HbA1C levels were similar in both groups and did not differ from baseline. It was concluded that over 6 months, captopril reduces and isradipine increases proteinuria in African Americans with NIDDM and nephropathy. Whether this contrasting effect on proteinuria will result in different rates of progression is not known, but dihydropyridine CCB should be used cautiously in African Americans with diabetic nephropathy.
Insulin subcutaneous application vs. continuous infusion for postoperative blood glucose control in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Frequently, the use of insulin is considered for metabolic control in postoperative patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We sought to determine the best method for control of glucose in NIDDM non-insulin patients during postoperative care., METHODS: Two algorithms were developed: subcutaneous administration of insulin (SC), and continuous intravenous infusion (IV). A randomized, controlled clinical trial was designed. In addition, both experimental groups were compared with a non-concurrent routinely managed group (RM) with insulin administration under no predetermined algorithm. Eligible patients were those subjected to major surgery under general anesthesia or spinal blockade. They were followed for 48 h after surgery. Target variables were capillary and central blood glucose, insulin dose administered, urine glucose and ketone strip determination, and development of hyper- or hypoglycemia., RESULTS: A total of 62 patients were studied (RM = 25, SC = 19, IV = 18). Results for both experimental algorithms were similar except for the IV group that required less insulin per hour compared to SC (0.64 vs. 0.34 U/h; p = 0.0003). The RM control group showed poor control in all capillary glucose measurements (194.9 +/- 26.8 mg/dL) compared with the two experimental algorithms (SC = 129.9 +/- 21; IV = 131.6 +/- 20.4) (p <0.05). More hyperglycemia events appeared in the RM group (p = 0.016). Only one hypoglycemia event occurred in the IV group., CONCLUSIONS: Postoperative control of NIDDM is similar with both tested methods. The use of any of the algorithms studied improves metabolic control substantially because it standardizes postoperative management of the diabetic patient with timely determination of capillary blood glucose and insulin administration. However, IV administration has the advantage of accomplishing adequate control with a smaller insulin dose.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition with enalapril slows progressive intima-media thickening of the common carotid artery in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Whether angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors have any clinically significant antiatherogenic effects in humans remains unproven. We undertook a prospective randomized clinical trial of 98 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) to examine the efficacy of ACE inhibition with enalapril for preventing intima-media (IM) thickening of the carotid wall as measured ultrasonographically., METHODS: Ninety-eight NIDDM patients were randomly assigned either to enalapril at 10 mg/d (n=48) or to a control group (n=50); the planned duration of the trial was 2 years. All patients were seen at baseline (study entry) and 2 subsequent formal annual evaluations, in addition to standard clinical management for NIDDM. IM thickening and vascular lumen diameters were determined for all patients on the basis of baseline and 2 subsequent annual evaluations with carotid ultrasonography. We performed an intent-to-treat analysis to assess changes in IM thickening over the course of the study., RESULTS: Annual IM thickening measurements of the right and left common carotid arteries were 0.01+/-0.02 and 0.01+/-0.02 mm/y in the enalapril-treated group and 0.02+/-0.03 and 0.02+/-0.02 mm/y in the control group, respectively (P<0.05). From regression analysis, annual IM thickening was found to be predicted by enalapril use, sex, and insulin use (F(3,94)=3.86, P=0.012). When we controlled for these other variables, enalapril use reduced annual IM thickening of right and left common carotid arteries by 0.01+/-0.004 mm/y relative to the control group over the course of this study., CONCLUSIONS: Long-term treatment with an ACE inhibitor (enalapril) slows progressive IM thickening of the common carotid artery in NIDDM patients.
Beneficial effect of troglitazone, an insulin-sensitizing antidiabetic agent, on coronary circulation in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Evidence is increasing for small vessel remodeling and disturbance of endothelium-dependent vasodilation in diabetic patients. Insulin increases vascular wall thickening and produces endothelial dysfunction. Troglitazone, a new insulin-sensitizer antidiabetic agent, is considered to reduce plasma insulin level and the present study assessed its effect on the coronary circulation of the patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Analysis of the myocardial washout rate with adenosine triphosphate-stress thallium-201 scintigraphy was used to estimate coronary circulation, and for estimation of insulin sensitivity, the homeostasis model insulin resistance index (HOMA-R) was calculated. Patients were treated with monotherapy of either troglitazone (200 mg bid, n=12) or glibenclamide (2.5 mg daily, n=12) for 3 months. Age-, sex- and risk factors-matched subjects without NIDDM were employed as a control. Fasting plasma glucose and hemoglobin A1c were similarly decreased by troglitazone or glibenclamide. Plasma insulin level (pmol/L) decreased from 66.6+/-10.8 to 39.0+/-7.2 with troglitazone, but was unchanged by glibenclamide (58.8+/-7.2 to 66.0+/-10.8). The diabetic groups had a significantly lower washout rate than controls, which was improved by troglitazone, but not by glibenclamide. In addition, the increase in washout rate correlated significantly with the decrease in HOMA-R in the troglitazone group. In conclusion, troglitazone can restore coronary circulation by improving insulin resistance in patients with NIDDM.
Troglitazone reduces neointimal tissue proliferation after coronary stent implantation in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus: a serial intravascular ultrasound study.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of the present study was to determine whether troglitazone reduces neointimal tissue proliferation after coronary stent implantation in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., BACKGROUND: Increased in-stent restenosis in patients with diabetes mellitus is due to accelerated neointimal tissue proliferation after coronary stent implantation. Troglitazone inhibits intimal hyperplasia in experimental animal models., METHODS: We studied 62 stented lesions in 52 patients with plasma glucose levels (PG) > or = 11.1 mmol/liter at 2 h after 75 g oral glucose load. The study patients were randomized into two groups: the troglitazone group of 25 patients with 29 stents, who were treated with 400 mg of troglitazone, and the control group of 27 patients with 33 stents. All patients underwent oral glucose tolerance tests before and after their six-month treatment period. The sum of PG (sum of PG) and the sum of insulin levels (sum of IRI) were measured. Serial (postintervention and at six-month follow-up) intravascular ultrasound studies were performed. Cross-sectional images within stents were taken at every 1 mm, using an automatic pullback. Stent areas (SA), lumen areas (LA), and intimal areas (IA = SA - LA) were measured and averaged over a number of selected image slices. The intimal index was calculated as intimal index = averaged IA/averaged SA x 100%., RESULTS: There were no differences between the two groups before treatment in sum of PG (31.35 +/- 3.07 mmol/liter vs. 32.89 +/- 4.87 mmol/liter, respectively, p = 0.2998) and sum of IRI (219.6 +/- 106.2 mU/liter vs. 209.2 +/- 91.6 mU/liter, respectively, p = 0.8934). However, reductions in sum of PG at the six-month follow-up in the troglitazone group were significantly greater than those in the control group (-21.4 +/- 8.8% vs. -4.5 +/- 7.4%, respectively, p < 0.0001). Likewise, decreases in sum of IRI were greater in the troglitazone-treated group (-31.4 +/- 17.9% vs. -1.9 +/- 15.1%, respectively, p < 0.0001). Although, there were no differences between the two groups in SA at postintervention (7.4 +/- 2.2 mm2 vs. 7.3 +/- 1.7 mm2, respectively, p = 0.9482) and at follow-up (7.3 +/- 2.3 mm2 vs. 7.3 +/- 1.8 mm2, respectively, p = 0.2307), the LA at follow-up in the troglitazone group was significantly greater than that in the control group (5.3 +/- 1.7 mm2 vs. 3.7 +/- 1.7 mm2, respectively, p = 0.0002). The IA at follow-up in the troglitazone group was significantly smaller than that in the control group (2.0 +/- 0.9 mm2 vs. 3.5 +/- 1.8 mm2, respectively, p < 0.0001). This was also true for intimal index (27.1 +/- 11.5% vs. 49.0 +/- 14.4%, respectively, p < 0.0001)., CONCLUSIONS: Serial intravascular ultrasound assessment shows that administration of troglitazone reduces neointimal tissue proliferation after coronary stent implantation in patients with NIDDM.
Glycaemic responses to cereal-based Indian food preparations in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and normal subjects.; The in vivo glycaemic responses to six cereal-based foods traditionally consumed in South India were evaluated in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and healthy volunteers. All foods contained 50 g carbohydrate and were compared with a 50 g glucose load. Also studied were the in vitro starch digestibility and nutrient composition of the foods. The postprandial responses to the foods at 30, 60 and 120 min were significantly (P < 0.05) lower than those to the reference glucose, in both groups. The peak glucose responses for three foods, i.e. chapatti, idli and poori, occurred 60 min postprandially in both groups. The glycaemic index (GI) values ranged from 67 to 90 in NIDDM and from 44 to 69 in healthy subjects with no significant differences within the groups. Significant relationships were observed between peak responses and area under the curve for foods in patients with NIDDM and in vitro rate of starch hydrolysis (r 0.83, r 0.85, P < 0.05). The GI values predicted using in vitro data were found to be similar to the GI values observed in patients with NIDDM. The GI concept is useful for identifying foods in the habitual Indian diet with attributes of the desired glycaemic effect such as delayed peak rise and low area under the curve.
Duration of obesity and risk of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Although obesity is one of the major risk factors for diabetes mellitus, the association of the duration of obesity with glucose intolerance or insulin dysregulation has not yet been clarified. Thirteen articles were picked up from the MEDLINE database by using the four key-word phrases, "duration of obesity," "duration of overweight," "prolonged obesity," and "prolonged overweight." Although the definition of overweight was similar among the children-based studies (> = 20% or 2 SD over ideal weight), the cutoff point for adults ranged from 25.0 to 30.0 kg/m2 of body mass index. With regard to the definition of the duration of obesity, the articles were roughly divided into two groups, with some researchers bearing the definition on the number of years from the onset of overweight and some calculating using the person-years method. The prevalence or incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) are probably associated with the duration of obesity. The effect of prolonged obesity on insulin dysregulation is still unclear.
Apovarepsilon(4) allele increases the risk for exercise-induced silent myocardial ischemia in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To examine whether the Apovarepsilon(4) allele is associated with an increased risk for exercise-induced silent myocardial ischemia (SI) in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: One-hundred and sixty-six NIDDM patients with normal rest electrocardiography were selected randomly. Of them, 77 cases were SI, and 89 without SI. Seventy-two healthy individuals without SI were also selected as controls. Polymerase chain reaction/ASO probes was used to determined their mouthwash DNA apolipoprotein E genotypes., RESULTS: (1) In the NIDDM with SI group, the prevalence of epsilon(4)/(3) was 31.2%, which was significantly higher than 9.7% in control and 7.9% in NIDDM without SI (P<0.005). epsilon(3)/(3) was 55.8%, which was significantly lower than 73.6% in control and NIDDM without SI (P<0.05). (2) In the NIDDM without SI group, epsilon(4)/(3) was 7.9%, which was significantly lower than 18.7% in NIDDM (P<0.05). In addition, the epsilon(4) allele prevalence was 19.5%, which was significantly higher than 5.6% in NIDDM without SI (P<0.005), and 9% in control, 12% in NIDDM (P<0.05). (3) In the epsilon(4)/(3)epsilon(4)/(4) group for NIDDM, the prevalence of SI was 77%, which was significantly higher than 39% in the epsilon(3)/(3) group and 29% in the epsilon(2)/(2)epsilon(3)/(2) group (P<0.005)., CONCLUSION: The epsilon(4) allele increases the risk for SI in NIDDM.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha: a continuum of liability between insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and carcinoma (review).; In this review, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) is identified as the uniting principle linking the pathogenesis of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and carcinoma. Elevated TNF-alpha initially increases, and then inhibits, the activity of a number of key enzymes involved in energy metabolism and major histocompatibility (MHC) class I molecule expression. These enzymes include: protein-tyrosine kinase (PTKase) and protein-tyrosine phosphatase (PTPase--enzymes involved in energy metabolism, cell proliferation and stimulation of the MHC class I molecule pathway. Of primary importance is the inhibiting effect of TNF-alpha on PTKase, since this induces insulin resistance in NIDDM and carcinoma, and PTPase, which inhibits MHC class I molecule expression. Studies have shown that IDDM is associated with an increase in PTPase activity which leads to overexpression of MHC class I molecules and a concomitant destruction of pancreatic beta cells. Conversely, carcinoma is associated with an inhibition of PTPase activity, which reduces the expression of MHC class I antigen expression on the cell surface thereby allowing malignant cells to escape immune surveillance. It will be argued that there is continuum of liability between these three conditions, initiated by the effect of TNF-alpha on these key enzymes.
Cilnidipine, the N- and L-type calcium channel antagonist, reduced on 24-h urinary catecholamines and C-peptide in hypertensive non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To evaluate the effects of cilnidipine (CNP), L- and N-type calcium channel blocker and nilvadipine (NVP) on 24-h urinary epinephrine (U-EP), norepinephrine (U-NE), dopamine (U-DA) and C-peptide (U-CPR) in patients associated with hypertension and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (HT-NIDDM), a randomized crossover study was performed with 35 HT-NIDDM patients. The patients were given CNP (10 mg/day) and NVP (8 mg/day), separately, for 4 weeks each. After CNP treatment, U-NE, U-DA and U-CPR levels were significantly reduced compared with pre-treatment levels: 160.4 +/- 12.7 to 111.7 +/- 8.9 microg/day (mean +/- S.E., P < 0.005); 934.8 +/- 163.4 to 590.3 +/- 33.4 microg/day (P < 0.05); 86.7 +/- 9.9 to 57.6 +/- 7.4 microg/day (P < 0.05), respectively. Although no significant differences were observed in U-EP, U-NE, U-DA and U-CPR levels by NVP treatment, U-NE, U-DA and U-CPR levels after CNP treatment were significantly lower than those after NVP treatment: 111.7 +/- 8.9 versus 155.0 +/- 13.7 microg/day (P < 0.02); 590.3 + 33.4 versus 822.2 +/- 104.3 microg/day (P < 0.05); 57.6 +/- 7.4 versus 80.6 +/- 8.1 microg/day (P < 0.05), respectively. In conclusion, it was demonstrated that CNP treatment significantly reduced U-NE, U-DA and U-CPR excretion compared with NVP treatment in HT-NIDDM patients.
On the pathophysiology of late onset non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. Current controversies and new insights.; The development of late onset non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is due to a complicated interplay between genes and environment on one side, and the interaction between metabolic defects in various tissues including the pancreatic beta cell (decreased insulin secretion), skeletal muscle (insulin resistance), liver (increased gluconeogenesis), adipose tissue (increased lipolysis) and possibly gut incretin hormones (defective glucagon like peptide 1 (GLP1) secretion) on the other side. Evidence for a genetic component includes the finding of a variety of metabolic defects in various tissues in non-diabetic subjects with a genetic predisposition to NIDDM, higher concordance rates for abnormal glucose tolerance including NIDDM in monozygotic compared with dizygotic twins, and the more recent demonstration of different NIDDM susceptibility genes at the sites of Insulin Receptor Substrate 1 (IRS1), the beta-3 adrenergic receptor, and the sulfonylurea receptor. However, the latter susceptibility genes only explain a minor proportion of NIDDM in the general population, and the quantitative extent to which genetic versus non-genetic factors contribute to NIDDM is presently unsolved. Environmental components include both an early intrauterine component associated with low birth weight, and later postnatal components including low physical activity, high fat diet, and the subsequent development of obesity and elevated plasma and tissue free fatty acid levels. Our finding of lower birth weights in monozygotic twins compared with their non-diabetic genetically identical co-twins excludes the possibility that the association between NIDDM and low birth weight as demonstrated in several studies may solely be explained by a coincidence between a certain gene causing both a low birth weight and an increased risk of NIDDM. Young first degree relatives of patients with NIDDM are characterized by hyperinsulinaemia and peripheral insulin resistance, which in turn may be explained by a decreased insulin activation of the enzyme glycogen synthase in skeletal muscle. Therefore, a defective skeletal muscle glycogen synthase activation may represent an early phenotypic expression of a genetic defect contributing to an increased risk of later development of NIDDM. However, elderly insulin resistant non-diabetic co-twins (64 years old) of twins with overt NIDDM does not--in contrast to their NIDDM co-twins--have a significantly decreased insulin activation of glycogen synthase in skeletal muscle. This demonstrates that the defective muscle glycogen synthase insulin activation has an apparent non-genetic component, and that this key defect of metabolism can be escaped or postponed even in non-diabetic subjects with a presumably 100% genetic predisposition to NIDDM. The insulin activation of glycogen synthase in skeletal muscle is compensated or apparently normalised in NIDDM patients when studied during their ambient fasting hyperglycaemia and a subsequent isoglycaemic (hyperglycaemic) physiologic insulin infusion. This indicates that the prevailing hyperglycaemia in NIDDM subjects compensates for the defective insulin activation of glycogen synthase present in those subjects when studied during eulycaemia. Our data and those of others also indicates that hyperglycaemia in NIDDM compensates for the defects in insulin secretion, the disproportionately elevated hepatic glucose production, and to some extent for the increased lipid oxidation and the decreased glucose oxidation present in NIDDM patients. Accordingly, NIDDM subjects exhibit all of those defects of metabolism when studied during "experimental decompensation" when the ambient hyperglycaemia is normalized by a prior and later withdrawn intravenous insulin infusion. However, shortly after the withdrawal of the intravenous insulin infusion, the plasma glucose concentration increased spontaneously in the NIDDM patients. (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED)
GLUT-4, tumor necrosis factor, essential fatty acids and daf-genes and their role in insulin resistance and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; It is now believed that the GLUT-4 receptor, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), essential fatty acids (EFAs) and their metabolites and daf-genes have an important role in the development of obesity and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The protein encoded by daf-2 is 35% identical to the human insulin receptor, daf-7 codes a transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) type signal and daf-16 can enhance superoxide dismutase (SOD) expression. EFAs and their metabolites can alter the cell membrane fluidity and enhance the expression of GLUT-4 and insulin receptors. EFAs can suppress TNF-alpha production and secretion, a mechanism that may have relevance to the role of these fatty acids in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance, obesity and NIDDM. Melatonin has anti-oxidant actions similar to daf-16, TGF-beta and SOD. Based on this evidence, it is proposed that GLUT-4, TNF-alpha, EFAs, daf-genes, melatonin and leptin interact with each other in ways which may have relevance to the development or abrogation of insulin resistance, obesity, NIDDM, complications due to NIDDM, longevity and ageing.
The effects of oestrogen replacement therapy on haemostatic variables in postmenopausal women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Women with diabetes mellitus have an increased risk of developing coronary heart disease which may be related at least partially to unfavourable changes in haemostasis. The effect of oestrogen replacement therapy on haemostasis has not been studied systematically in women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and therefore this study was performed for that purpose. Twenty-five postmenopausal women with NIDDM were treated with 2 mg of 17-beta-oestradiol orally for 3 months in a double-blind, crossover, placebo-controlled trial. During the last 16 days of active treatment, 1 mg of norethisterone acetate was added for 10 days for endometrial protection. Blood samples were taken at baseline and after 68 days of active or placebo treatment. Treatment with oestradiol was followed by a marked decrease in the activity of plasminogen activator inhibitor, compared with placebo. The activity of tissue plasminogen activator increased significantly. Levels of antithrombin decreased during treatment with oestradiol, whereas no changes were seen in levels of fibrinogen, von Willebrand factor, prothrombin fragment 1+2, protein S, protein C or resistance to activated protein C. In conclusion, oestrogen replacement therapy in postmenopausal women with NIDDM improved the fibrinolytic activity, while only clinically insignificant alterations in the clotting system were seen. These changes in haemostasis may have a favourable impact on the risk for coronary heart disease in diabetic women.
Renal disease and hypertension in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Recent epidemiologic data demonstrate a dramatic increase in the incidence of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), thus dispelling the mistaken belief that renal prognosis is benign in NIDDM. Currently, the leading cause of ESRD in the United States, Japan, and in most industrialized Europe is NIDDM, accounting for nearly 90% of all cases of diabetes. In addition to profound economic costs, patients with NIDDM and diabetic nephropathy have a dramatically increased morbidity and premature mortality. NIDDM-related nephropathy varies widely among racial and ethnic groups, genders and lifestyles; and gender may interact with race to affect the disease progression. While the course of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) progresses through well-defined stages, the natural history of NIDDM is less well characterized. NIDDM patients with coronary heart disease have a higher urinary albumin excretion rate at the time of diagnosis and follow-up. This greater risk may also be associated with hypertension and hyperlipidemia, and genes involved in blood pressure are obvious candidate genes for diabetic nephropathy. Hyperglycemia appears to be an important factor in the development of proteinuria in NIDDM, but its role and the influence of diet are not yet clear. Tobacco smoking can also be deleterious to the diabetic patient, and is also associated with disease progression. Maintaining euglycemia, stopping smoking and controlling blood pressure may prevent or slow the progression of NIDDM-related nephropathy and reduce extrarenal injury. Treatment recommendations include early screening for hyperlipidemia, appropriate exercise and a healthy diet. Cornerstones of management should also include: (1) educating the medical community and more widely disseminating data supporting the value of early treatment of microalbuminuria; (2) developing a comprehensive, multidisciplinary team approach that involves physicians, nurses, diabetes educators and behavioral therapists; and (3) intensifying research in this field.
Comparison of effects of quinapril and metoprolol on glycaemic control, serum lipids, blood pressure, albuminuria and quality of life in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients with hypertension. Swedish Quinapril Group.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the long-term effects of the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE)-inhibitor quinapril and the cardioselective beta-adrenergic blocking agent metoprolol on glycaemic control, with glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) as the principal variable, in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients with hypertension., DESIGN: A randomized, double-blind, double-dummy, multicentre study during 6 months preceded by a 4 week wash-out and a 3 week run-in placebo period. Quinapril (20 mg) and metoprolol (100 mg, conventional tablets) were given once daily. No change was made in the treatment of diabetes (diet and hypoglycaemic agents)., SUBJECTS: Seventy-two patients fulfilling the criteria were randomized and entered the double-blind period. Twelve patients did not complete the study. Sixty patients, 26 on quinapril and 34 on metoprolol, were available for the final analysis., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The effect was assessed by changes in HbA1c, the fasting serum glucose and the post-load serum glucose, C-peptide and insulin levels during the oral glucose tolerance test., RESULTS: In the quinapril group, the fasting serum glucose, oral glucose tolerance and the C-peptide and insulin responses, determined as the incremental area under the curves (AUC), showed no change, but the mean HbA1c level increased from 6.2 +/- 1.1% to 6.5 +/- 1.3% (P < 0.05). In the metoprolol group, the rise in the mean level of HbA1c, from 6.3 +/- 1.0% to 6.8 +/- 1.3% (P < 0.01), tended to be more marked than after quinapril, although there was no significant difference between the increments. The mean fasting serum glucose showed an increase from 9.1 +/- 1.9 mM to 10.1 +/- 2.8 mM (P < 0.01) which correlated significantly with the duration of diabetes (P < 0.01) and the increase in fasting serum triglycerides (P < 0.001). Moreover, in the metoprolol group we found significant decreases in the oral glucose tolerance as well as C-peptide and insulin responses to the glucose load., CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with quinapril for 6 months appears to have advantages over metoprolol in NIDDM patients with hypertension. Although treatment with quinapril or metoprolol over 6 months was concomitant with a rise in the HbA1c, increased fasting blood glucose, decreased oral glucose tolerance and decreased C-peptide and insulin responses to a glucose challenge were observed only in patients treated with metoprolol.
Syndrome-AC: non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and the anabolic/catabolic paradox.; When an organism is starving, infected or injured, the body initiates a catabolic response that, among other things, creates insulin resistance. While many possible mechanisms and numerous loci of insulin resistance have been studied, a theme of inappropriately activated components of catabolic chemistry emerges. Patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) have elevated blood levels of glucagon, cortisol, fatty acids, protein, glucose and possibly acute phase reactants. Recent studies hint that this can occur with meals, resulting in a multilevel, multiorgan interference with glucose handling. This implies NIDDM is the result of the dietary activation of catabolic chemistry simultaneously with that of anabolic chemistry. We review the possibility that this is caused by the consumption of body tissue, the substance ordinarily endogenously released in starvation or injury. Activating the catabolic pathways when eating creates a hormonal paradox, forcing exaggerated insulin levels to compensate. Five case studies are reviewed.
Relationship between obesity and the increased risk of major complications in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are closely linked. They frequently occur together in patients, and body mass index (BMI) is the strongest risk factor for the development of NIDDM. Both obesity and NIDDM are also major causes of morbidity and mortality from atherogenic macrovascular disease, and they are independent risk factors for coronary heart disease. The risk of developing NIDDM and cardiovascular disease is affected by the regional distribution of body fat. Visceral obesity is associated with a higher degree of risk than peripheral obesity. The metabolic and circulatory changes associated with visceral obesity lead to the development of insulin resistance and increased lipoprotein synthesis. For example, the change in the population profile of lipoproteins in the blood, and alterations in the levels of oxidative stress lead to an increased cardiovascular and macrovascular risk. The changes in lipid metabolism also affect haemorrheological function. They have been linked to decreased fibrinolysis (a serious cardiovascular risk factor) through elevated levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor factor, high blood viscosity, and increased erythrocyte aggregability. Increased BMI also appears to be associated with endothelial dysfunction, which is a major factor in atheroma plaque formation and development of thrombosis. Visceral obesity therefore adds a significant burden to the already increased cardiovascular risk inherent in NIDDM. However, even moderate weight loss may successfully reverse the majority of changes seen with visceral obesity.
Pioglitazone enhances splanchnic glucose uptake as well as peripheral glucose uptake in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. AD-4833 Clamp-OGL Study Group.; To evaluate the effect of pioglitazone on insulin resistance in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients, a double-blind placebo-controlled trial was carried out with 30 NIDDM patients. Twenty-one subjects, three on diet alone and 18 on sulfonylurea (SU), orally received 30 mg pioglitazone once daily for 12 weeks. Nine subjects, one on diet alone and eight on SU, received a matching placebo once daily for 12 weeks. Euglycemic (5.2 mmol/l) hyperinsulinemic (1200 pmol/l) clamp combined with an oral glucose load (OGL) was performed before and after 3-month treatment with pioglitazone or placebo to determine insulin-stimulated glucose disposal and splanchnic glucose uptake (SGU). No significant differences existed in the patients' characteristics, including age and body mass index, between the two study groups. The pioglitazone treatment increased the mean glucose infusion rate (GIR) prior to OGL from 8.2 +/- 2.2 to 9.2 +/- 2.0 mg/kg.min (mean +/- SD, P = 0.003) and increased the SGU rate from 28.5 +/- 19.4 to 59.4 +/- 27.1% (P = 0.010). The placebo treatment produced no significant changes in either GIR or SGU after treatment. A significant difference (P = 0.042) was observed in change of SGU between the pioglitazone and placebo treatment groups. In conclusion, the results indicate that pioglitazone is effective for ameliorating insulin resistance in NIDDM by enhancing SGU as well as peripheral glucose uptake.
Influence of reduced glutathione infusion on glucose metabolism in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To evaluate the relationship between oxidative stress and glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity and intraerythrocytic reduced glutathione (GSH)/oxidized glutathione (GSSG) ratio were measured in 10 non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients and 10 healthy subjects before and after the intravenous administration of GSH. In particular, after baseline insulin sensitivity was assessed by a 2-hour euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp, either glutathione (1.35 g x m2 x min(-1)) or placebo (saline) were infused over a period of 1 hour. The same protocol was repeated at a 1-week interval, in cross-over, according to a randomized, single-blind design. In healthy subjects, baseline intraerythrocytic GSH/GSSG ratio (P < .0005) and total glucose uptake (P < .005) were significantly higher than in NIDDM patients. In the same subjects, GSH infusion significantly increased total glucose uptake (from 37.1 +/- 6.7 micromol kg(-1) x min(-1) to 39.5 +/- 7.7 micromol x kg(-1) x min(-1), P < .05), whereas saline infusion was completely ineffective. In addition, the mean intraerythrocytic GSH/GSSG ratio significantly increased after GSH infusion (from 21.0 +/- 0.9 to 24.7 +/- 1.3, P < .05). Similar findings were found in diabetic patients, in whom GSH infusion significantly increased both total glucose uptake (from 25.3 +/- 9.0 micromol x kg(-1) x min(-1) to 31.4 +/- 10.0 micromol x kg(-1) x min(-1), P < .001) and intraerythrocytic GSH/GSSG ratio (from 14.8 +/- 4.1 to 21.7 +/- 6.7, P < .01). Pooling diabetic patients and controls, significant correlations were found between intraerythrocytic GSH/GSSG ratio and total glucose uptake (r = .425, P < .05), as well as between increments of the same variables after GSH infusion (r = .518, P < .05). In conclusion, our data support the hypothesis that abnormal intracellular GSH redox status plays an important role in reducing insulin sensitivity in NIDDM patients. Accordingly, intravenous GSH infusion significantly increased both intraerythrocytic GSH/GSSG ratio and total glucose uptake in the same patients.
High plasma free fatty acids decrease splanchnic glucose uptake in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; It has been proposed that high plasma free fatty acid (FFA) levels observed in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) contribute to the development of their insulin resistance. We examined patients with NIDDM to find whether maintaining plasma FFA levels in the fasting range with a euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp combined with an oral glucose load (clamp OGL) would affect insulin-mediated peripheral glucose uptake (PGU) and splanchnic glucose uptake (SGU). Nine NIDDM subjects (age, 55 +/- 3 years; duration of diabetes, 11 +/- 2 years; body mass index, 21.0 +/- 0.4 kg/m2; hemoglobin A1c, 9.0 +/- 0.3%; fasting plasma glucose, 9.4 +/- 3.0 mmol/l, means +/- SEM) were hospitalized and treated with diet, oral hypoglycemic agents or insulin for at least 2 weeks to maintain fasting plasma glucose < 8 mmol/l. All the patients were subjected to two different protocols in a random order. On one protocol, under the hyperinsulinemic condition, FFAs were maintained at the their fasting levels (1.19 +/- 0.08) by triglyceride emulsion infusion (Lipid infusion study, L), and on the other protocol, FFAs were made to fall (0.26 +/- 0.06 mmol/l) with saline instead of triglyceride emulsion infusion (Saline infusion study, S). During euglycemic (L, 5.4 +/- 0.2; S, 5.1 +/- 0.2 mmol/l) hyperinsulinemic (L, 1377 +/- 108; S, 1328 +/- 67 pmol/l) clamp, high FFA levels significantly reduced PGU (L, 26.7 +/- 3.6; S, 32.1 +/- 3.4 mumol.kg-1.min-1, P < 0.05) and SGU (L, 12.1 +/- 4.2; S, 27.5 +/- 5.6%, P < 0.05). In conclusion, high FFA levels in patients with NIDDM impaired insulin-mediated glucose uptake in the splanchnic as well as peripheral tissues.
Effect of troglitazone on fibrinolysis and activated coagulation in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The objective of this study was to determine if treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients with the "insulin sensitizer" troglitazone, both as monotherapy and in combination with insulin, corrects the impaired fibrinolysis and activated coagulation associated with NIDDM. Patients participating in two clinical trials comparing troglitazone and placebo in patients with NIDDM were studied at the time of randomization and after 26 weeks of treatment. Eighteen patients were treated with troglitazone (ten in combination with insulin and eight as monotherapy) and eight were treated with placebo (four in each trial). Plasma concentrations of plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI-1), prothrombin fragment F1+2, fibrinogen, and von Willebrand Factor (vWF) activity were measured. Plasma PAI-1 concentrations fell significantly from a mean of 68.8 +/- 32.3 ng/mL to 40.4 +/- 20.4 in the troglitazone treated group, but did not change significantly in the placebo treated group. Plasma PAI-1 concentrations were elevated in 15 patients treated with troglitazone and fell to normal in eight of them. There was no significant change in plasma F1+2, vWF, and fibrinogen, but plasma C-peptide and triglyceride concentrations fell significantly with troglitazone. This study demonstrates that troglitazone treatment is associated with a significant fall in plasma PAI-1 antigen concentrations in patients with NIDDM and, therefore, may have a beneficial effect on fibrinolysis.
Hemodynamic and metabolic effects of transdermal clonidine in patients with hypertension and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of transdermal clonidine on hemodynamic and metabolic parameters in patients who have elevated blood pressure and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). After a 2-week run in placebo period, 20 NIDDM patients who had diastolic blood pressure in the range of 90 to 105 mm Hg underwent a randomized, single blind, placebo controlled, cross-over study of 4 week treatment with clonidine (transdermal patch 2.5 mg/week) or placebo (inactive patch). Compared with placebo, clonidine significantly reduced systolic (153 +/- 6 v 163 +/- 8) and diastolic (88 +/- 2 v 98 +/- 3.5 mm Hg, P = .001) blood pressure, left ventricular mass (94 +/- 11 v 99 +/- 12 g/m2, P < .01) and fasting glucose levels. Total glucose disposal (glucose clamp) was 6.5 +/- 1.5 with placebo and 7.1 +/- 1.6 mg/kg/min with clonidine (P < .01). Oxidative glucose disposal (indirect calorimetry) was also greater after clonidine. Plasma glucose, insulin, and C-peptide responses following oral glucose (75 g) were significantly lower after clonidine, as well as urinary albumin excretion. Transdermal clonidine is effective in reducing blood pressure in hypertensive NIDDM patients and is well tolerated. It may be useful to reduce the cardiovascular impact of hypertension in diabetes mellitus.
United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study, 30: diabetic retinopathy at diagnosis of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and associated risk factors.; OBJECTIVES: To report on the prevalence of retinopathy in patients with newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and to evaluate the relationship of retinopathy to clinical and biochemical variables., DESIGN: A multicenter, randomized, controlled clinical study of therapy in patients with NIDDM., SETTING AND PATIENTS: Patients were part of the United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study, a 23-center study of 2964 white patients who had both eyes photographed and assessed., OUTCOME MEASURES: The presence and severity of diabetic retinopathy were evaluated by sex, and the relationship of retinopathy to medical and biochemical parameters was assessed., RESULTS: Retinopathy, defined as microaneurysms or worse lesions in at least 1 eye, was present in 39% of men and 35% of women. Marked retinopathy with cotton wool spots or intraretinal microvascular abnormalities was present in 8% of men and 4% of women. The severity of retinopathy was related in both sexes to higher fasting plasma glucose levels, higher systolic and diastolic blood pressure, lower serum insulin levels, and reduced beta-cell function. In addition, in men, increased alcohol consumption was related to increased severity of retinopathy, while leaner women had more severe eye lesions. Visual acuity was normal in most patients, but in men there was a trend for those with more severe retinal lesions to have worse visual acuity., CONCLUSIONS: Diabetic retinopathy is common in patients with newly diagnosed NIDDM. Careful ophthalmic assessment at diagnosis is important.
Long-term effects of a sustained-release preparation of acipimox on dyslipidemia and glucose metabolism in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Elevated circulating plasma nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) may contribute to the insulin resistance and hyperglycemia of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and decreasing plasma NEFA could provide a therapeutic benefit. A sustained-release preparation of acipimox, a lipolysis inhibitor, was used in an attempt to decrease circulating plasma NEFA levels long-term, and the effects on glycemic control, insulin resistance, and serum lipids were measured. Sixty NIDDM patients (43 males and 17 females) took part in a randomized controlled trial of acipimox or placebo for 12 weeks. Fasting plasma NEFA levels did not change in acipimox-treated patients (baseline v 12 weeks, 0.84 +/- 0.35 v 0.88 +/- 0.55 mmol x L(-1), mean +/- SD). Fasting blood glucose was unchanged (mean difference v placebo, -0.5 mmol x L(-1); 95% confidence interval [CI], -1.4 to 0.3 mmol x L[-1]), but serum fructosamine decreased (mean difference v placebo, -26 micromol x L(-1); 95% CI, -51 to 0 mmol x L[-1]), as did the standardized hemoglobin A1 ([HbA1] mean difference v placebo, -1.4%; 95% CI, -3.0% to -0.1%). Insulin resistance measured as steady-state plasma glucose during an insulin-dextrose infusion test was unchanged (mean difference v placebo, -1.4 mmol x L(-1); 95% CI, -3.2 to 0.5 mmol x L[-1]). Serum total cholesterol (mean difference v placebo, -0.4 mmol x L(-1); 95% CI, -0.6 to -0.1 mmol x L[-1]), serum apolipoprotein B ([apo B] mean difference v placebo, -0.19 g x L(-1); 95% CI, -0.3 to -0.1 g x L[-1]), and serum triglycerides (mean difference v placebo for pretreatment v posttreatment ratio, 0.59; 95% CI, 0.40 to 0.88) were all lower with acipimox. Serum high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (mean difference v placebo, 0.10 mmol x L(-1); 95% CI, -0.05 to 0.3 mmol x L[-1]), serum apo A1 (mean difference v placebo, 0.03 g x L(-1); 95% CI, -0.04 to 0.1 g x L[-1]), and serum lipoprotein(a) ([Lp(a)] acipimox v placebo, 154 (0 to 1,574) v 71 (0 to 1,009), median and range) were unchanged. Despite the lack of change in fasting plasma NEFA levels, acipimox caused a modest beneficial improvement in overall glycemic control and plasma lipids in NIDDM patients and could be a useful agent in the treatment of dyslipidemic NIDDM patients.
Mechanisms of the antidiabetic action of subcutaneous glucagon-like peptide-1(7-36)amide in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Twelve patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) under secondary failure to sulfonylureas were studied to evaluate the effects of subcutaneous glucagon-like peptide-1(7-36)amide (GLP-1) on (a) the gastric emptying pattern of a solid meal (250 kcal) and (b) the glycemic and endocrine responses to this solid meal and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT, 300 kcal). 0.5 nmol/kg of GLP-1 or placebo were subcutaneously injected 20 min after meal ingestion. GLP-1 modified the pattern of gastric emptying by prolonging the time to reach maximal emptying velocity (lag period) which was followed by an acceleration in the post-lag period. The maximal emptying velocity and the emptying half-time remained unaltered. With both meals, GLP-1 diminished the postprandial glucose peak, and reduced the glycemic response during the first two postprandial hours by 54.5% (solid meal) and 32.7% (OGTT) (P < 0.05). GLP-1 markedly stimulated insulin secretion with an effect lasting for 105 min (solid meal) or 150 min (OGTT). The postprandial increase of plasma glucagon was abolished by GLP-1. GLP-1 diminished the postprandial release of pancreatic polypeptide. The initial and transient delay of gastric emptying, the enhancement of postprandial insulin release, and the inhibition of postprandial glucagon release were independent determinants (P < 0.002) of the postprandial glucose response after subcutaneous GLP-1. An inhibition of efferent vagal activity may contribute to the inhibitory effect of GLP-1 on gastric emptying.
Exercise in the management of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has increased worldwide during the last decades, despite the development of effective drug therapy and improved clinical diagnoses. NIDDM is one of the major causes of disability and death due to the complications accompanying this disease. For the well-being of the patient, and from a public healthcare perspective, the development of effective intervention strategies is essential in order to reduce the incidence of NIDDM and its resulting complications. For the patient, and for society at large, early intervention programmes are beneficial, especially from a cost-benefit perspective. Physical activity exerts pronounced effects on substrate utilisation and insulin sensitivity, which in turn potentially lowers blood glucose and lipid levels. Exercise training also improves many other physiological and metabolic abnormalities that are associated with NIDDM such as lowering body fat, reducing blood pressure and normalising dyslipoproteinaemia. Clearly, regular physical activity plays an important role in the prevention and treatment of NIDDM. Since physical activity has been shown in prospective studies to protect against the development of NIDDM, physical training programmes suitable for individuals at risk for NIDDM should be incorporated into the medical care system to a greater extent. One general determinant in a strategy to develop a preventive programme for NIDDM is to establish a testing programme which includes VO2max determinations for individuals who are at risk of developing NIDDM. Before initiating regular physical training for people with NIDDM, a complete physical examination aimed at identifying any long term complications of diabetes is recommended. All individuals above the age of 35 years should perform an exercise stress test before engaging in an exercise programme which includes moderate to vigorously intense exercise. The stress test will identify individuals with previously undiagnosed ischaemic heart disease and abnormal blood pressure responses. It is important to diagnose proliferative retinopathy, microalbuminuria, peripheral and/or autonomic neuropathy in patients with NIDDM before they participate in an exercise programme. If any diabetic complications are present, the exercise protocol should be modified accordingly. The exercise programme should consist of moderate intensity aerobic exercise. Resistance training and high intensity exercises should only be performed by individuals without proliferative retinopathy or hypertension. Once enrolled in the exercise programme, the patient must be educated with regard to proper footwear and daily foot inspections. Fluid intake is of great importance when exercising for prolonged periods or in warm and humid environments. With the proper motivation and medical supervision, people with NIDDM can enjoy regular physical exercise as a means of enhancing metabolic control and improving insulin sensitivity.
Exploring the role of sulfonylureas in the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; For the last 30 years, sulfonylureas have been the mainstay of treatment for patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). They offered patients an alternative to using insulin to lower their blood glucose. One of the advantages of these agents was that they could be taken orally as opposed to insulin, which required multiple daily injections. In addition, they are tolerable, with few side effects, and they cause less hypoglycemia than does insulin. In the past year, new agents (metformin and acarbose) have been introduced into the market and have offered practitioners an alternative to the traditional sulfonylureas. The sulfonylureas are still valuable agents in the treatment of NIDDM. Their efficacy is unsurpassed by any other oral medications. They possess the best tolerability profile of all oral agents on the market, and they possess very few contraindications or drug interactions. The sulfonylureas should still be considered first-line agents for NIDDM. Metformin and acarbose are agents that may benefit a specific patient population, but sulfonylureas are agents that can benefit most patients.
[Clinical study of glibenclamide in combination with kelening treatment in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; OBJECTIVE: To asses the efficacy of combination therapy of glibenclamide and Kelening in treating the non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: Sixty-five patients with NIDDM were randomly divided into two groups. One group was treated with both glibenclamide and Kelening, the other with glibenclamide alone., RESULTS: After treatment for 12 weeks, the levels of fasting blood glucose (FBG), postprandial blood glucose (PBG) and HBAIC were reduced significantly in glibenclamide-Kelening group. In both groups, the degree dropped of the levels of FBG were almost the same, but the levels of PBG and HBAIC in glibenclamide-Kelening group were reduced more significantly than those in glibenclamide group, and the incidence of hyperinsulinemia had dropped considerably., CONCLUSION: Glibenclamide in combination with Kelening in the treatment of NIDDM is more effective and less toxic, and the combination may reduce the dosage of glibenclamide in NIDDM.
[Effect of xianzhen tablet on Na(+)-K(+)-ATPase, Ca(2+)-Mg(2+)-ATPase, of red blood cell membrane in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of Xianzhen tablet in treating non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: Seventy-two cases of NIDDM patients with deficiency of both Qi and Yin, deficiency of the Kidney and blood stasis were selected, and the effects of treatment on Na(+)-K(+)-ATPase, Ca(2+)-Mg(2+)-ATPase, whole blood viscosity, blood sugar and clinical symptoms were observed., RESULTS: After treatment, the treated group showed increased activities that were statistically significant of Na(+)-K(+)-ATPase and Ca(2+)-Mg(2+)-ATPase (P < 0.01, P < 0.02). The whole blood viscosity and symptoms showed improvement to an extent and the total effective rate of blood sugar lowering were as follows: fasting blood glucose (FBG) 77.8%, 2hr. postprandial plasma blood glucose (2hr. postprandial PBG)69.4%. Whereas, the placebo group showed no marked improvement in either whole blood viscosity or symptoms and the total effective rate of blood sugar lowering were FBG 41.7%, 2hr. postprandial PBG 38.9%., CONCLUSION: Xianzhen tablet is effective in improving the activities of Na(+)-K(+)-ATPase and Ca(2+)-Mg(2+)-ATPase, as well as the whole blood viscosity, blood sugar lowering and in improving clinical symptoms, it could treat effectively NIDDM patients with deficiency of both Qi and Yin, deficiency of the Kidney and blood stasis.
Relation of functional ovarian hyperandrogenism to non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Up to 40% of women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) demonstrate some degree of glucose intolerance, either impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Defects in insulin action have long-been recognized as characteristic in these women. Recently, evidence has been obtained which documents that insulin secretory dysfunction also contributes significantly to the observed glucose intolerance. This chapter will focus on the recent evidence supporting the specific roles of disordered insulin secretion and action, in the development of glucose intolerance in PCOS. In addition, the use of pharmacological agents that modify insulin action as therapeutic options for women with PCOS, will be discussed.
Can reduction in hypertriglyceridaemia slow progression of microalbuminuria in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus?.; The objective of this study was to investigate whether reduction in hypertriglyceridaemia is associated with a slower rate of progression of microalbuminuria in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Fifteen normotensive NIDDM patients with hypertriglyceridaemia (> 2.5 mmol L-1) and microalbuminuria were randomly selected to receive either placebo (eight patients) or gemfibrozil 600 mg b.i.d. (seven patients). Progression of microalbuminuria was assessed during a 12-month follow-up period with measurements, consisting of blood tests and triplicate 24-h urine collections, at 1, 3, 6, 9 and 12 months. All but one patient in the treatment group showed a favourable response (> or = 20% reduction) of hypertriglyceridaemia to gemfibrozil. One patient in the placebo group showed a spontaneous reduction in triglyceride levels. Progression of microalbuminuria was lower, although not statistically significantly so, in the treatment group (36%) than in the placebo group (65%). In the group with > or = 20% reduction in triglyceride levels, progression of MA was significantly lower than in the group with stable or increasing triglyceride levels (+1%, range -56% to +49% vs. +97%, range -35% to +202% respectively) (P = 0.03). Continued follow-up data of patients switching from placebo to gemfibrozil after the trial further support the role of serum triglyceride reduction in stabilizing albumin excretion. In conclusion, the results indicate that, in microalbuminuric NIDDM patients, effective treatment of dyslipidaemia could be associated with stabilization of urinary albumin excretion.
Efficacy of insulin lispro in combination with NPH human insulin twice per day in patients with insulin-dependent or non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Multicenter Insulin Lispro Study Group.; A common treatment regimen for patients with either insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) or non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a combination of rapid-acting insulin and intermediate-acting insulin administered twice each day. It is usually recommended that regular human insulin be injected 30 to 45 minutes before a meal. In practice, patients often inject regular human insulin closer to mealtime, causing a higher post-prandial serum glucose level and an increased potential for hypoglycemia in the postabsorptive period. Insulin lispro, a rapid-acting insulin analogue, is best injected just before a meal because of its more rapid absorption and shorter duration of action. In 707 randomized patients, 379 with IDDM and 328 with NIDDM, we studied the effect of twice-daily insulin lispro or regular human insulin in combination with NPH human insulin (isophane insulin) on premeal, 2-hour postprandial, and bedtime glycemic control. Assessments were based on the results of a seven-point blood glucose profile, the insulin dose (by formulation and time of administration), the incidence and frequency of hypoglycemic episodes, and the glycated hemoglobin value. Treatment with insulin lispro resulted in lower postprandial glucose levels and smaller increases in glucose level after the morning and evening meals compared with treatment with regular human insulin. Overall glycemic control, frequency of hypoglycemic events, and total insulin dose were not different between the two groups. Insulin lispro in combination with NPH human insulin in a twice-per-day regimen allows injection closer to mealtime and improves post-prandial glycemic control without increasing the risk of hypoglycemia.
Psychological predictors of glycemic change with relaxation training in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Previous findings are unclear regarding the possible glycemic benefits of applying behavioral relaxation training in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: Subjects with NIDDM were randomized to relaxation training (6 sessions of progressive muscle relaxation and imagery, n = 12) or control treatment (routine medical care, n = 10). Physiological measures were total glycosylated hemoglobin (GHb) and area under the 2-hour oral-glucose-tolerance curve (AUC). Psychological measures of generalized distress, anxiety and daily stress were also administered. All subjects were assessed before and after the 8-week intervention, and again at 16 weeks of long-term follow-up., RESULTS: There were no postintervention group differences in physiological variables. Highly distressed subjects and those who rated their glucose as more stress responsive tended to practice relaxation less between sessions. Within the treated group only, lower preintervention stress responsivity was associated with greater improvement in GHb, and lower anxiety and distress levels predicted long-term improvement in AUC., CONCLUSIONS: It remains unclear whether relaxation training produces glycemic benefits in NIDDM. Perhaps the least anxious and stress-responsive patients only benefit from group-based relaxation training, whereas anxious individuals require intensive individually administered interventions.
Role of exercise training in the prevention and treatment of insulin resistance and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Recent epidemiological studies indicate that individuals who maintain a physically active lifestyle are much less likely to develop impaired glucose tolerance and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Moreover, it was found that the protective effect of physical activity was strongest for individuals at highest risk of developing NIDDM. Reducing the risk of insulin resistance and NIDDM by regularly performed exercise is also supported by several aging studies. It has been found that older individuals who vigorously train on a regular basis exhibit a greater glucose tolerance and a lower insulin response to a glucose challenge than sedentary individuals of similar age and weight. While the evidence is substantial that aerobic exercise training can reduce the risk of impaired glucose tolerance and NIDDM, the evidence that exercise training is beneficial in the treatment of NIDDM is not particularly strong. Many of the early studies investigating the effects of exercise training on NIDDM could not demonstrate improvements in fasting plasma glucose and insulin levels, or glucose tolerance. The adequacy of the training programmes in many of these studies, however, is questionable. More recent studies using prolonged, vigorous exercise-training protocols have produced more favourable results. There are several important adaptations to exercise training that may be beneficial in the prevention and treatment of insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance and NIDDM. An increase in abdominal fat accumulation and loss of muscle mass are highly associated with the development of insulin resistance. Exercise training results in preferential loss of fat from the central regions of the body and should therefore contribute significantly in preventing or alleviating insulin resistance due to its development. Likewise, exercise training can prevent muscle atrophy and stimulate muscle development. Several months of weight training has been found to significantly lower the insulin response to a glucose challenge without affecting glucose tolerance, and to increase the rate of glucose clearance during a euglycaemic clamp. Muscle glucose uptake is equal to the product of the arteriovenous glucose difference and the rate of glucose delivery or muscle blood flow. While it has been known for many years that insulin will accelerate blood glucose extraction by insulin-sensitive peripheral tissues, recent evidence suggests that it can also acutely vasodilate skeletal muscle and increase muscle blood flow in a dose-dependent manner. A reduced ability of insulin to stimulate muscle blood flow is a characteristic of insulin-resistant obese individuals and individuals with NIDDM. Exercise training, however, has been found to help alleviate this problem, and substantially improve the control of insulin over blood glucose. Improvements in insulin resistance and glucose tolerance with exercise training are highly related to an increased skeletal muscle insulin action. This increased insulin action is associated with an increase in the insulin-regulatable glucose transporters, GLUT4, and enzymes responsible for the phosphorylation, storage and oxidation of glucose. Changes in muscle morphology may also be important following training. With exercise training there is an increase in the conversion of fast twitch glycolytic IIb fibres to fast twitch oxidative IIa fibres, as well as an increase in capillary density. IIa fibres have a greater capillary density and are more insulin-sensitive and -responsive than IIb fibres. Evidence has been provided that morphological changes in muscle, particularly the capillary density of the muscle, are associated with changes in fasting insulin levels and glucose tolerance. Furthermore, significant correlations between glucose clearance, muscle capillary density and fibre type have been found in humans during a euglycaemic clamp. Exercise training may also improve control over hepatic glucose production by increasin
Acarbose in ambulatory treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus associated to imminent sulfonylurea failure: a randomised-multicentric trial in primary health-care. Diabetes and Acarbose Research Group.; To assess the efficacy and safety of acarbose as an adjunct to high sulfonylurea (SU) doses in patients with imminent SU failure, a randomised, multicentric, 6 month double-blind, parallel and placebo-controlled trial was performed in primary healthcare. Entry criteria were: NIDDM patients in concomitant dietary follow-up, age > 40 year-old, more than 3 years of diagnosed diabetes, baseline HbAlc levels between 8-12% (N: 4-6%), stable body mass index < 35 kg m-2 and glibenclamide daily dose > 10 mg. After 1 month placebo run-in period all patients were randomly allocated into two groups of treatment (acarbose 100 mg t.i.d. vs placebo). HbAlc levels, the main efficacy variable, lipid profile, fasting and postprandial blood glucose levels were performed and adverse events were also recorded. A total number of 65 patients were randomised, 36 in acarbose and 29 in a placebo group. No statistical differences were found on age (60.2/61.7 year-old), BMI (28.7/27.4 kg m-2), glibenclamide dose (14.5/14.0 mg/day) and baseline HbAlc (9.0/8.8%). Acarbose-treated patients significantly reduced HbAlc levels (9.0/7.9 vs 8.8/8.5%; P < 0.01), based upon a marked decrease, but statistically not significant, in mean postprandial plasma glucose levels (11.9/9.6 vs 12.4/11.1 mmol l-1). No significant differences between fasting plasma glucose and lipid profile were detected. A total of 31 patients (47.7%) reported adverse events, 20 (55.5%) and 11 (37.9%) in acarbose and placebo treatment group respectively. Relationship with drug was estimated as possible or probable in 16 (44.4%) of acarbose-treated patients. None of them were excluded from study participation due to insulin requirement. Only seven patients (10.7%), six with acarbose (16.6%) and one with placebo (3.8%), withdrew the study because of the adverse events. Thus, acarbose seems to be a useful option in order to improve HbAlc levels in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with imminent sulfonylurea failure.
Design of cost-effective packages of care for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Defining the information needs.; This review concludes that: a) the global burden of disease from non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) cannot be completely estimated at present; b) evidence for the efficacy of key elements of a package of care is still needed; c) generalizing the results of evaluations of costs or effectiveness across different populations is not straightforward; and d) for this complex intervention, the costs and effectiveness of intervention may be highly dependent on methods of organizing care. Addressing this information deficit represents an important task for researchers and health decision makers.
Short-term zinc supplementation in women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: effects on plasma 5'-nucleotidase activities, insulin-like growth factor I concentrations, and lipoprotein oxidation rates in vitro.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) may cause vulnerability to moderate zinc deficiency. In this study, short-term zinc supplementation (30 mg/d as amino acid chelate for 3 wk) elevated plasma zinc and activities of 5'-nucleotidase, a zinc-dependant enzyme, in 20 postmenopausal women with NIDDM. Placebo, given to 20 other women with NIDDM, had no effects on these indexes nor on any others taken in this study. Although zinc supplementation doubled the mean value for 5'-nucleotidase activity, values were still significantly lower than those of age-matched control subjects. Plasma insulin-like growth factor I concentrations increased with zinc treatment if starting concentrations were < 165 microg/L but were unchanged if they were > 165 microg/L. Lipoprotein oxidation in vitro, which has abnormal lag times and propagation rates for subjects with NIDDM and for moderately zinc-deficient rats, were unchanged by zinc supplementation. Possibly, this lack of effect occurred because the zinc treatment did not normalize zinc status. In conclusion, this study supports the contention that moderate zinc deficiency occurs frequently in subjects with NIDDM.
Postprandial lipoproteins in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; People with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) have a higher incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) than the non-diabetic population. In addition, NIDDM patients have a spectrum of lipid abnormalities that may confer an increased risk of developing CVD. The pattern of dyslipidaemia seen in NIDDM patients is different from that seen in the non-diabetic population. This suggests that patients with NIDDM may need different lipid-lowering treatment from that used in the non-diabetic population. In the post-absorptive state, secretion of very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) is higher in patients with NIDDM, possibly because of the impaired ability of insulin to inhibit lipolysis and to reduce hepatic VLDL secretion. Clearance of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins is also important in determining the extent of postprandial hyperlipidaemia. Lipoprotein lipase (LPL) reduces plasma lipoprotein concentration via several mechanisms. In patients with NIDDM, the capacity of LPL to minimize postprandial hyperlipidaemia may be reduced, although the pathophysiological basis of this is not known. Other changes in patients with NIDDM, such as modifications to cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) and hepatic lipase activity, may also affect postprandial lipaemia but such effects are probably secondary to alterations in lipoprotein clearance. Present evidence suggests that postprandial hyperlipidaemia is atherogenic. There are, however, little specific data from patients with NIDDM. More studies are therefore needed to establish the optimal treatment of dyslipidaemia in patients with NIDDM.
Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1): a trial of treatment in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Glucagon-like peptide-1 (7-36) amide (GLP-1) is released from the gut into the circulation after meals and is the most potent physiological insulinotropic hormone in man. In contrast to presently available therapeutic agents for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), GLP-1 has the advantages of both suppressing glucagon secretion and delaying gastric emptying. We report the first chronic study of subcutaneous (s/c) GLP-1 treatment in NIDDM. Five patients with poorly controlled NIDDM were entered into a six-week, double-blind crossover trial. Each received three weeks treatment with s/c GLP-1 40 nmol or saline, given three times a day immediately before meals. A standardized test meal was given at the beginning and end of each treatment period. GLP-1 reduced plasma glucose area under the curve (AUC) following the standard test meal by 25% (AUC, 0-180 mins, GLP-1 start of treatment 482.2 +/- 38.2 vs. saline start of treatment 635.7 +/- 45.4 mmol min L-1, F = 16.4, P < 0.02). The beneficial effect of GLP-1 on plasma glucose concentration was fully maintained for the three-week treatment period. Plasma glucagon levels were significantly lower for 60 min postprandially after GLP-1 treatment. In this group of patients there was no significant increase in postprandial insulin levels with GLP-1. We have demonstrated a significant improvement in postprandial glycaemic control with s/c GLP-1 treatment that was fully maintained over a three-week treatment period. GLP-1 improves glycaemic control even in the absence of an insulinotropic effect and is a potential treatment for NIDDM.
The association of microalbuminuria and mortality in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. A systematic overview of the literature.; OBJECTIVES: To critically analyze the literature linking microalbuminuria with total and cardiovascular mortality and cardiovascular morbidity in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and to quantify the risk., METHODS: A combination of retrieval techniques (MEDLINE, SCISEARCH, and handsearching published bibliographies) was used to find all relevant articles based on title and abstract and "Methods" sections. Unpublished data on albumin excretion rate were sought from large NIDDM cohort studies., RESULTS: A total of 264 citations were retrieved, of which 11 cohort studies were selected for inclusion in the overview, representing a total of 2138 patients followed up for a mean of 6.4 years. Patient age was similar across cohorts. Duration of NIDDM ranged from newly diagnosed to 13 years. The prevalence of microalbuminuria ranged from 20% to 36% in the 8 cohorts that excluded patients with clinical proteinuria. All studies reported either a trend or a significant association between microalbuminuria and total mortality or cardiovascular morbidity or mortality; the overall odds ratio for death was 2.4 (95% confidence interval, 1.8-3.1) and for cardiovascular morbidity or mortality, 2.0 (95% confidence interval, 1.4-2.7). We found no evidence of reporting bias., CONCLUSION: Microalbuminuria is a strong predictor of total and cardiovascular mortality and cardiovascular morbidity in patients with NIDDM.
Short-term comparison of once- versus twice-daily administration of glimepiride in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the metabolic effects and frequency of adverse events with 6 mg of glimepiride, a new oral sulfonylurea, given both in once- and twice-daily dosages to patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This 15-week study involved 161 subjects with NIDDM. Subjects were randomized into two groups. For 4 weeks, group 1 received glimepiride 3 mg twice daily, and group 2 received glimepiride 6 mg once daily. After a 3-week placebo-washout period, twice- and once-daily regimens were crossed over for a second 4-week treatment period. Subjects were hospitalized at the end of each placebo or active-treatment phase. Their glucose concentrations were recorded at 20 time points over a 24-hour period, and their insulin and C-peptide concentrations were recorded at 16 time points over the same period. Parameters that were calculated included fasting, 24-hour, and postprandial concentrations of glucose, insulin, and C-peptide., RESULTS: One hundred six patients were randomized to receive treatment; 94 completed the entire study. Existing physiologic mechanisms of glucose control were apparently unimpaired by glimepiride treatment. Insulin concentrations increased more during the postprandial glucose peaks than when subjects were fasting. Both twice- and once-daily regimens proved equally effective in reducing concentrations of fasting, postbreakfast, postlunch, and postdinner plasma glucose. Twenty-four-hour mean glucose concentrations showed a slightly greater decrease from baseline for the twice-daily regimen; the difference between the regimens was statistically significant but not clinically meaningful. The incidence of adverse events with glimepiride approximated that obtained with placebo, with both groups reporting only one adverse event, headache, in more than 5% of the subjects., CONCLUSIONS: Glimepiride is equally effective whether administered once or twice daily. Glimepiride seems to stimulate insulin production primarily after meals, when plasma glucose concentrations are highest, but controls blood glucose throughout the day.
Mealtime treatment with insulin analog improves postprandial hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Multicenter Insulin Lispro Study Group.; BACKGROUND: Insulin lispro is an insulin analog that was recently developed particularly for a mealtime therapy. It has a fast absorption rate and short duration of action. The efficacy of insulin lispro in the clinical therapy of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has not been tested., OBJECTIVES: To compare insulin lispro and human regular insulin in the mealtime treatment of patients with NIDDM., METHODS: A 6-month, randomized, multinational (16 countries), multicenter (80 sites) clinical trial with an open-label, crossover design was performed in 722 patients with NIDDM. Insulin lispro was injected immediately before and human regular insulin 30 to 45 minutes before the meal., RESULTS: Throughout the study, the postprandial rise in serum glucose levels was significantly lower during insulin lispro than human regular insulin treatment. At end point the rise (mean +/- SEM) in serum glucose levels was 30% lower at 1 hour (2.6 +/- 0.1 mmol/L [46.8 +/- 1.8 mg/ dL] for lispro vs 3.7 +/- 0.1 mmol/L [66.6 +/- 1.8 mg/dL] for human regular insulin) and 53% lower 2 hours after the test meal (1.4 +/- 0.1 mmol/L [25.2 +/- 1.8 mg/dL] for lispro vs 3.0 +/- 0.1 mmol/L [54.0 +/- 1.8 mg/dL] for human regular insulin) with insulin lispro compared with human regular insulin therapy (P < .001 for both intervals). During insulin lispro therapy the rate of hypoglycemia overall (P = .01) and overnight (P < .001) was lower and the number of asymptomatic hypoglycemic episodes was smaller (P = .03) than during human regular insulin therapy. Associated with a similar 13% increase (P < .001) in the total daily insulin dose, the glycosylated hemoglobin level decreased (P < .001) equally in both treatment groups. Serum lipid and lipoprotein levels remained unchanged. There were no differences in the adverse events between the 2 treatment groups., CONCLUSIONS: Compared with human regular insulin therapy, mealtime therapy with insulin lispro reduced postprandial hyperglycemia and may decrease the rate of mild hypoglycemic episodes in patients with NIDDM.
Prevalence of undiagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance in a cohort of older persons with hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the prevalence of undiagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) in a cohort of older persons with hypertension. To examine the usefulness of screening for NIDDM in this study population., DESIGN: Cross-sectional study., SETTING: University of Tennessee, Memphis and the General Clinical Research Center (GCRC)., PATIENTS: Ninety-five participants in the Trial of Nonpharmacologic Interventions in the Elderly (TONE) study who agreed to participate in an ancillary study., MEASUREMENTS: A standard oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with insulin and C-peptide levels was performed before the beginning of the TONE intervention., RESULTS: In this cohort, 43 participants (45.3%) had normal glucose tolerance (NGT), 41 (43.2%) had IGT, and 11 (11.6%) had undiagnosed NIDDM. The positive predictive value for NIDDM of a fasting glucose > or = 115 mg/dL in our participants was 57%. Hyperinsulinemia occurred in only one participant, a subject in the IGT group., CONCLUSIONS: Our data demonstrate that undiagnosed NIDDM is common in our cohort of older persons who are being treated for essential hypertension and that impaired glucose tolerance may be more common than in the general population of the same age. Further, our data show that the vast majority of this older, obese, hypertensive cohort did not have fasting hyperinsulinemia. We also infer that a fasting glucose alone has a low positive predictive value for screening of NIDDM in our older cohort. As the prevalence of NIDDM and impaired glucose tolerance in older hypertensive patients in the general population is unknown, we believe that further investigation is needed to characterize the relationship of hypertension, glycemic status, and hyperinsulinemia in the general population.
Maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY), MODY genes and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY) is a genetically and clinically heterogeneous subtype of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) characterised by early onset, autosomal dominant inheritance and a primary defect in insulin secretion. To date, three MODY genes have been identified on chromosomes 20q [hepatocyte nuclear factor (HNF-4 alpha)/MODY1], 7p (glucokinase/MODY2) and 12q (HNF-1 alpha/MODY3). Mutations in glucokinase/MODY2 result in mild chronic hyperglycaemia due to reduced pancreatic beta-cell responsiveness to glucose as well as decreased net accumulation of hepatic glycogen and increased hepatic gluconeogenesis following meals. In contrast, MODY1 and MODY3 are characterised by severe insulin secretory defects and major hyperglycaemia associated with microvascular complications. The role of the three known MODY genes in susceptibility to the more common late-onset from of NIDDM remains uncertain. Genetic studies seem to exclude any function as major susceptibility genes, although they may play a minor role in a polygenic context or a major role in particular populations.
Treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with metformin.; BACKGROUND: Metformin alleviates hyperglycemia of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) by inhibiting hepatic glucose production and improving peripheral insulin sensitivity. In contrast to sulfonylureas, metformin does not stimulate insulin-secretion, promote weight gain, exacerbate hyperinsulinemia, or cause hypoglycemia. It also favorably affects serum lipids., METHODS: A comprehensive review of the medical literature from 1968 to the present was conducted using the key words "metformin" and "non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.", RESULTS: Metformin monotherapy was superior to placebo and comparable to sulfonylureas in reducing fasting plasma glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin levels in patients with NIDDM uncontrolled by diet. Metformin and sulfonylureas, however, had diverse effects on body weight and fasting plasma insulin levels; both weight and insulin levels remained unchanged or decreased with metformin and increased with sulfonylureas. In patients with secondary sulfonylurea failure, the combination of metformin and a sulfonylurea synergistically improved glycemic control better than either drug alone and was comparable to insulin plus sulfonylurea. When hyperglycemia is uncontrolled by insulin after secondary sulfonylurea failure, limited data suggest the efficacy of metformin plus insulin. The mild, transient, self-limited gastrointestinal side effects that sometimes occur can be minimized by gradually increasing the doses and by taking metformin with food. Risk of metformin-associated lactic acidosis is low if prescribing guidelines are adhered to. Potential adverse drug interactions include hypoglycemia during concurrent sulfonylurea therapy and elevated metformin plasma concentrations when metformin is taken concomitantly with cimetidine., CONCLUSIONS: Metformin can be used safely and effectively as first-line monotherapy in NIDDM or in combination with a sulfonylurea when monotherapy with either agent fails. It can be particularly suitable when weight gain, hyperlipidemia, and hypoglycemia are clinically important issues.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) occurs predominantly after the age of 50 years but is not easy to distinguish from late onset insulin-dependent diabetes. It is likely that misclassification is rare in a Caucasian population. Whilst NIDDM is widely believed to be genetically determined, recent epidemiological observations have consistently revealed statistical associations between indices of poor fetal and infant growth with susceptibility to loss of glucose tolerance in adult life. A possible explanation of these observations is that environmental constraints on fetal growth lead to permanent changes in organogenesis such that a poor capacity of insulin secretion and insulin resistance result. It is postulated that these adaptive responses serve to preserve the growth of certain organs, such as the brain, at the expense of others, such as the viscera. In addition, alterations in the function of organs, such as the liver, serve to aid survival of the offspring under conditions of poor postnatal nutrition. The results of studies of an animal model in which pregnant rats were fed a reduced protein diet are consistent with these concepts.
Clinical and pathological course of renal disease in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: the Pima Indian experience.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and the renal disease attributable to it have been characterized extensively in the Pima Indians, a group of American Indians who form the Gila River Indian Community in Arizona. Both of these diseases are common in this community, and their onset and duration are known with greater certainty than in other populations because research examinations, which include oral glucose tolerance tests and measures of urinary protein excretion, have been performed frequently on most members of the population for the past 30 years. Studies of glomerular structure and hemodynamic function in diabetic Pima Indians indicate that glomerular hyperfiltration often develops at the onset of NIDDM and remains elevated until after overt nephropathy appears. Structurally, the glomeruli in subjects with microalbuminuria are not clearly distinguishable from those in subjects with normoalbuminuria, but macroalbuminuria is characterized by extensive glomerular sclerosis, mesangial expansion, and widening of epithelial cell foot processes that together lead to a rapid decline in the glomerular filtration rate. The decline in glomerular function in subjects with macroalbuminuria is due both to a loss of ultrafiltration surface area and to reduction in glomerular hydraulic permeability.
Oral antihyperglycaemics. Considerations in older patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is increasing in incidence as the population in most countries ages. Multiple pathology is common in the elderly, and cardiovascular disease is usually present at diagnosis. Patients who develop NIDDM at age 65 years may live long enough to develop microvascular complications. Others who are frail and have multiple pathologies may require treatment to prevent both symptomatic hyperglycaemia and dehydration, whilst avoiding hypoglycaemia. The goals in the management of NIDDM in elderly people are the prevention of complications and the relief of symptoms. Treatment must be tailored to the individual's expectations and should be reviewed regularly with the changing circumstances of aging. If dietary measures fail to control glucose levels, antihyperglycaemic sulphonylureas are the most frequently prescribed form of treatment. However, concern over the potential of these drugs to cause hypoglycaemia limits the choice to second generation sulphonylureas, agents that preserve the first phase of insulin release and have non-biologically active metabolites that are promptly eliminated. The biguanide agent metformin is also appropriate in elderly obese patients with NIDDM who do not have renal, liver or cardiac failure. The combination of a sulphonylurea and metformin can be effective in patients in whom insulin would otherwise be required. Novel compounds such as acarbose and the thiazolinediones may also be useful in the treatment of older diabetic patients.
From sand rats to diabetic patients: is non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus a disease of the beta cell?.; It has been debated for the past two decades whether non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is caused by insulin deficiency or insulin resistance. In this review we summarise the data which unequivocally indicate that insulin response to glucose is grossly deficient in patients with impaired glucose tolerance and NIDDM. Furthermore, we review the findings for Psammomys obesus (the sand rat), an animal with spontaneous obesity, insulin resistance and diabetes which has been used as the prototype for "hyperinsulinaemic NIDDM". A large proportion of circulating insulin in this animal consists of proinsulin and its split products, apparently resulting from hyperglycaemia-driven overstimulation of the beta cell, with depletion of its insulin stores. In vitro studies demonstrate that this "glucose toxic" effect can be reproduced in Psammomys islets but not in those of normal rats. This would indicate that increased demand for insulin production leads to aberrations in proinsulin production and processing only in beta cells with inherent (genetic?) defects. We also point to clinical findings which cast doubt on the practical importance of insulin resistance for the glucose homeostasis of NIDDM patients. In these cases, moderate doses of insulin administered by insulin pumps can induce near-normoglycaemia in NIDDM.
Dyslipidemia, morbidity, and mortality in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Lipoproteins and coronary heart disease in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Lipid and lipoprotein abnormalities in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) include particularly elevated levels of total and very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) triglycerides and reduced levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. Total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels are usually normal if glycemic control is adequate. The worsening of glycemic control deteriorates lipid and lipoprotein abnormalities and particularly total and LDL cholesterol levels are often elevated in patients with poor glycemic control. According to prospective population-based studies total cholesterol is a powerful risk factor for coronary heart disease (CHD) in NIDDM patients as in nondiabetic subjects. In contrast, high total triglycerides and low HDL cholesterol may be even stronger risk factors for CHD in NIDDM patients than in nondiabetic individuals, but more prospective studies are needed to substantiate this view. Compositional changes in LDL and VLDL particles may further increase the risk for CHD but epidemiologic data are missing to support this notion. Preliminary data from the Scandinavian Simvastatin Survival Study including 202 diabetic patients seem to indicate that diabetic patients benefit from simvastatin treatment equally to nondiabetic subjects.
The Deidesheimer meeting: significance of classical and new risk factors in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The major risk factors appear to explain only a small proportion of the excess risk of coronary heart disease in patients with Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (NIDDM). Among novel risk markers that have been-proposed to explain the susceptibility of NIDDM subjects to coronary heart disease are insulin resistance, elevated concentrations of proinsulin-line molecules, plasminogen activator inhibitor, and microalbuminuria. Several prospective studies have shown that hyperinsulinemia predicts coronary heart disease, perhaps independently of established risk factors. Some of this excess risk may be through the dyslipidemia, or the elevation in activity of plasminogen activator inhibitor, an inhibitor of fibrinolysis, which relate to hyperinsulinemia. However proinsulin-like molecules show similar relationships with both risk factors and with prevalent coronary heart disease as does insulin, despite low concentrations of these molecules in the circulation, suggesting a causative relationship is improbable. Furthermore, the link between insulin resistance and microalbuminuria, a powerful predictor of vascular disease in its own right, is poorly understood through known mechanisms. This clustering leads to the possibility of a link with coronary heart disease through other mechanisms. It is proposed that the pathogenesis of this link is endothelial dysfunction, which may predicate both impaired insulin action, through effects of blood flow and insulin transport, and the associated dyslipidemia, impaired fibrinolysis, microalbuminuria, and atherogenesis. In terms of etiology, the links of all these risk factors with evidence of growth retardation in early life may suggest a role of the thirfty phenotype hypothesis-impaired organogenesis resulting from poor maternal nutrition during pregnancy.
The prediabetic problem: development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and related abnormalities.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is associated with approximately two fold increase in coronary heart disease (CHD) in men and fourfold increase in CHD in women. In most studies, the duration of diabetes and severity of glycemia are only weakly related to CHD in NIDDM, suggesting that the prediabetic period may be important for the increased CHD in NIDDM subjects. Both hyperinsulinemia and/or insulin resistance predict the development of NIDDM. A number of studies have shown that increased cardiovascular risk factors (especially high triglyceride, blood pressure, and small dense low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and low high-density liproprotein (HDL) cholesterol) precede the onset of NIDDM. Recent data from the San Antonio Heart Study suggest that the atherogenic pattern of cardiovascular risk factors is more marked in prediabetic women than in prediabetic men, thus partially explaining the higher risk of CHD in prediabetic women than in prediabetic men. The atherogenic changes in cardiovascular risk factors appear to be mainly due to increased hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance in nondiabetic subjects. Interventions to reduce cardiovascular disease in NIDDM subjects should emphasize the primary prevention of NIDDM and very aggressive treatment of traditional cardiovascular risk factors in prediabetic subjects. Treatment of hypertension and dyslipidemia in high-risk patients for NIDDM should avoid agents that further worsen insulin resistance (nicotinic acid, beta blockers, and thiazides), as subjects with hypertension and dyslipidemia are already at increased risk of NIDDM.
The global epidemiology of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and the metabolic syndrome.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) constitutes about 85% of all cases of diabetes in developed countries and it has now reached epidemic proportions in many developing nations, as well as disadvantaged groups in developed countries, e.g., Mexican- and African-Americans and Australian Aborigines and Torres Strait Islanders. The diagnosis of NIDDM is usually made after the age of 50 years in Europids, but it is seen at much younger age in these high prevalence populations, which also include Pacific Islanders, Native Americans, and migrant Asian Indians and Chinese. There is enormous variation in NIDDM prevalence between populations, and exceptionally high rates have been documented in populations who have changed from a traditional to a modern lifestyle, e.g., American Pima Indians, Micronesians, and other Pacific Islanders, Australian Aborigines, migrant Asian Indians, and Mexican-Americans. Over the next decade, following the initial phase of the NIDDM epidemic, macro- and microvascular complications will emerge as a major threat to future public health throughout the world with huge economic and social costs. The major cause of death in NIDDM is macrovascular disease (coronary artery, peripheral vascular, and cerebrovascular), which accounts for at least two-thirds of NIDDM mortality. A key strategy in reducing macrovascular disease lies in the better understanding of the Deadly Quartet or Metabolic Syndrome. New data suggest that hyperleptinemia rather than hyperinsulinemia may play an important and central role in the genesis of the cardiovascular disease risk factor cluster that constitutes the Metabolic Syndrome.
Implications of the diabetes control and complications trial for persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The Diabetes Control and Complications Trial has conclusively established that intensive control of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in persons aged 19 to 26 years (almost exclusively white, normotensive, nondyslipidemic, of normal weight, and insulin sensitive) reduces by +/- 50% the likelihood of retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy. In contrast, persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are older, overweight, hypertensive, dyslipidemic, and insulin resistant. Glycemia is only one of their risk factors, and they die of macrovascular disease. Review of studies supporting glycemic control versus risk factor reduction as management of NIDDM suggests a clear need to address risk factors besides glycemic control for successful prevention of complications of NIDDM. A new schematic proposal for intervention based upon risk factor reduction is presented.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus--a collision between thrifty genes and an affluent society.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is one of the most common non-communicable diseases in the world. It has become obvious that NIDDM is the result of a collision between thrifty genes and an affluent society. Genes predisposing to NIDDM might have been survival genes for our ancestors, helping them to store energy during long periods of starvation. When these genes are exposed to a sedentary lifestyle and high caloric intake typical to the Western world, they predispose to obesity and insulin resistance. NIDDM results when beta cells cannot compensate for insulin resistance by increasing insulin secretion. Therefore, at least two inherited defects can be expected in NIDDM, one causing obesity and insulin resistance and the other inability to increase insulin secretion. In reality there may be more inherited defects. It has become quite clear that diabetes cannot simply be divided into NIDDM and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). The disease is more heterogeneous; unmasking this heterogeneity and identifying new subgroups of diabetes presents a challenge to modern molecular biology.
Genetic determinants of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: strategies and recent results.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a clinically and genetically heterogeneous disorder. Recent advances in molecular genetics have allowed recognition of the genes involved in some subtypes of NIDDM with a well-defined mode of inheritance and a strong association with genetic factors. Thus, maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY), an autosomal dominant form of NIDDM, was shown to be caused by, or associated with, mutations in at least four genes. A maternally transmitted form of diabetes, often associated with deafness, was shown to be due to mutations in mitochondrial DNA. Despite these successes, little is known about susceptibility genes to the common polygenic forms of NIDDM. Studies of genes involved in insulin secretion or insulin action have been successful to a certain extent by showing the implication of the IRS-1 gene, the Rad gene, the glucagon receptor gene, or the sulfonylurea receptor (SUR) gene (among others) in a low percentage of cases of NIDDM in particular populations. However, the majority of susceptibility genes to NIDDM are still to be described. The aim of this review was to consider the strategies that can be used to identify the genetic determinants of NIDDM, and to summarise the significant results of recent literature.
Effects of metformin on the pathways of glucose utilization after oral glucose in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.; To analyze the effects of metformin (M) on the kinetics and pathways of glucose utilization after glucose ingestion, nine non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients underwent two 5-hour oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) preceded in random order by a 3-week treatment with either M (850 mg twice per day) or placebo. Each test included intravenous infusion of 3-3H-glucose and labeling of the oral dose (75 g) with 1-14C-glucose, with measurements of glucose kinetics, glycolytic flux (3H2O production), and glucose oxidation (indirect calorimetry and expired 14CO2). Basal glycemia was decreased by M (6.6 v 8.2 mmol/L, P < .01) with no changes in insulin levels, with the hypoglycemic effect correlating strongly (P < .001) with a decrease in glucose production. Mean 0- to 5-hour postprandial glycemia was also decreased by the drug (9.9 v 12.2 mmol/L, P < .04), lactate concentration was increased (1.79 v 1.44 mmol/L, P < .01), and absolute insulin levels were increased, but not to a significant extent. The rates of appearance (Ra) of exogenous and endogenous glucose were not modified, and the hypoglycemic effect of M in the postprandial state was entirely related to an increase in systemic glucose disposal (85.1 v 77.5 g/5 h, P < .001). Carbohydrate oxidation was unchanged, and glycolytic flux and nonoxidative glycolysis were increased by approximately 13 g/5 h (P < .01), with the excess lactate produced probably being converted to glycogen in the liver. Whole-body glycogen synthesis through the direct pathway tended to be reduced (-8 g/5 h, P > .05). Thus, M decreases postprandial glycemia by increasing glucose disposal and stimulates lactate production. The data also suggest that the drug increases the proportions of glycogen deposited through the indirect rather than the direct pathway.
[Protective effect of angiotensin coverting enzyme inhibitor on renal function in normotensive non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus patients with early diabetic nephropathy and microalbuminuria].; Fourty six cases of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with normotension and microalbuminuria (< 30 mg/24 h) were divided into groups A and B, and observed for about 2 years. Only group A was treated with perindopril 2 mg a day. We found that 2 years later glomerular filtration rate (GFR), effective renal plasma flow (ERPF) and filtration fraction (FF) in the two groups decreased markedly, but GFR and FF decreased more markedly in group B than in group A. Meanwhile, in group A urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) and insulin sensitivity index (SI) decreased significantly and blood pressure was stable, but in group B UAER and blood pressure elevated significantly and SI was only slightly ameliorated (P > 0.05). The levels of serum triglycerides and cholesterol were not markedly different between the two groups during the 2 years. These results indicate that ACEI may play a role in protecting the renal function in diabetic nephropathy, reduce the risk factors of atherosclerosis and improve SI. It is beneficial to retard the development of diabetic nephropathy and to protect in renal function with small dose of ACEI.
Effect of dietary fish oil supplementation on peroxidation of serum lipids in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Lipid peroxidation may be important in the development of cardiovascular disease, a common cause of mortality and morbidity in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We assessed the degree of lipid peroxidation by measuring plasma malondialdehyde, as thiobarbituric acid reacting substances (TBARS), in 23 non-insulin diabetic patients. Plasma levels of standardised alpha-tocopherol (vitamin E), lipid content of whole plasma and lipoprotein fractions, glycosylated haemoglobin, glycosylated low density lipoprotein (LDL) and fasting blood glucose were also measured. On completion of the baseline studies patients randomly received either fish oil or matching olive oil capsules in a double blind crossover fashion for 6 weeks followed by a 6 week washout period and a final 6 week treatment phase. Studies, identical to the initial baseline studies, were performed at the end of the of the active treatment periods at 6 and 18 weeks. Treatment with olive oil did not change levels of TBARS, vitamin E or indices of glycaemic control compared with baseline. Total cholesterol and triglyceride (TG) content of plasma and lipoprotein fractions were not significantly altered. Treatment with fish oil resulted in elevation of TBARS (P < 0.001) and reduction of vitamin E (P < 0.01) compared with baseline and olive oil treatment. Plasma cholesterol was unchanged. A reduction in plasma TG compared with baseline occurred but failed to reach significance (P =0.07). Changes in apo B containing lipoproteins induced by fish oil failed to reach significance. No significant changes were observed in concentration or composition of high density lipoprotein (HDL). Fish oil treatment showed no change in glycaemic control as assessed by glycosylated haemoglobin and LDL although a rise in fasting blood glucose just failed to reach significance (P = 0.06). Lipid peroxidation in NIDDM can be exacerbated by dietary fish oil. This potentially adverse reaction may limit the therapeutic use of fish oils in such patients.
[Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus--strategies and problems in genetic research].; Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is at present one of the most serious and widespread diseases with a mass incidence and its treatment is very costly. In the genesis and development of the disease genetic factors participate along with environmental factors. Genetic research of NIDDM is difficult, as ensues from the very essence of this heterogeneous disease. Research concentrates on the identification of specific genetic determinants which influence the predisposition of the individual to glucose intolerance which, if revealed, would make more effective prevention and treatment possible. Intensive research is focused on different candidate genes. Although some "minority" genes were identified, the primary diabetogen was not revealed so far and partial positive results must be confirmed on a larger population sample. The article reviews the contemporary state of genetic research of the disease.
Early lifestyle intervention in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is preceded by impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) lasting for years before manifesting as overt hyperglycaemia. Both genetic and environmental factors contribute to the development of IGT and NIDDM. Obesity, physical inactivity and high-fat diet have been found to predict IGT and NIDDM. Therefore, a diet and exercise intervention from diagnosis of NIDDM could improve the treatment outcome and prognosis of patients with NIDDM. Furthermore, because subjects with IGT are at increased risk for diabetes and atherosclerotic vascular disease, it is reasonable to assume that in terms of reducing the incidence and longterm consequences of NIDDM an intervention at this phase is more effective than in overt diabetes. Although the nonpharmacological approach is generally accepted as the first-line treatment of NIDDM its efficacy has often been questioned. Therefore, it is important to carry out long-term controlled studies to find out to what extent lifestyle modification could improve the metabolic control and level of major cardiovascular risk factors known to be associated with poor outcome in NIDDM. This kind of study also gave relevant experience in planning studies aiming at primary prevention of NIDDM. One-year dietary and exercise intervention on newly diagnosed NIDDM patients in Kuopio, Finland resulted in a better metabolic control and a moderate reduction in cardiovascular risk factors as compared to the conventional treatment group. After the second year of follow-up only 12.5% in the intervention group were receiving oral antidiabetic drugs vs. 34.8% in the conventional treatment group. Weight reduction and a reduced use of saturated fats appeared to be the main determinants of successful treatment results. Good aerobic capacity was associated with an increase in HDL cholesterol. A multicentre primary prevention study on IGT patients is continuing in Finland applying the same principles of intervention as used in the study on newly diagnosed NIDDM patients. Pilot results show that glucose tolerance can be improved by lifestyle changes.
Epidemiological evidence for the association of hyperglycaemia and atherosclerotic vascular disease in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) increases the risk for all manifestations of atherosclerotic vascular disease, coronary heart disease (CHD), cerebrovascular disease and peripheral vascular disease. Only a small proportion of this excess risk can be explained by the effects of conventional cardiovascular risk factors, which implies that the diabetic state or factors related to it have to play a significant role in the pathogenesis of macrovascular disease in NIDDM. Six recent prospective population-based studies including a large number of NIDDM patients have indicated that poor glycaemic control evaluated by fasting hyperglycaemia or glycosylated haemoglobin levels increases the risk for CHD, stroke and amputation independently of other risk factors. A dose-response relationship between markers of glycaemic control and the incidence of cardiovascular mortality and morbidity has been demonstrated in all these studies. However, there is so far no direct proof that strict glycaemic control would delay or prevent atherosclerotic complications.
The potential for lifestyle change to influence the progression of impaired glucose tolerance to non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) is well recognized as a risk factor for the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Detecting IGT offers a unique opportunity for targeting intervention to reduce the incidence of NIDDM. This article reviews current evidence for the efficacy of lifestyle intervention programmes involving people with IGT.
Lovastatin lowers serum cholesterol levels in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients without altering their insulin sensitivity.; BACKGROUND: Lovastatin, a potent 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase inhibitor, has been widely used in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia. It is also applied to dyslipidemia in patients with diabetes mellitus. The influence of lovastatin on insulin sensitivity was evaluated in twelve Chinese non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients with hypercholesterolemia., METHODS: This double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, and two-period cross-over experiment enrolled 12 patients. After a run-in period of two months, the patients were randomized into 2 groups to receive either lovastatin (20 mg once daily) or placebo treatment. Eight weeks later, two groups of patients exchanged their treatment for another 8 weeks. Blood samples were collected at the end of the run-in period and at 4-week intervals during the study to observe serum lipid profiles. A modified insulin suppression test was made to assess insulin sensitivity three times: at the end of run-in period, in week 8 and week 16, respectively. Wilcoxon signed rank test was used for analysis of statistical significance of the difference between lovastatin and placebo treatments., RESULTS: As compared with the placebo, lovastatin reduced serum total cholesterol (TC) levels significantly. Serum total triglyceride (TG) concentrations decreased slightly by lovastatin. The ratio of TC to high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) also decreased significantly in lovastatin period. No difference was found in serum apolipoprotein A1 levels. A significant reduction of serum apolipoprotein B concentrations was also noted in lovastatin period. No difference in glycemic indices and insulin sensitivity was observed in the base-line, placebo or lovastatin periods., CONCLUSIONS: The results demonstrated that lovastatin significantly lowered the serum TC levels without perturbation of insulin sensitivity in hypercholesterolemic NIDDM patients.
Reversible insulin resistance in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Insulin resistance is a major component of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). While a genetic contribution is likely, as yet none of several proposed candidate genes have been incriminated in the typically obese patient with NIDDM to explain their insulin resistance. Accordingly, this review focuses on some recent advances in understanding three acquired factors contributing to insulin resistance: visceral obesity, glucotoxicity and lipotoxicity. Newer computerized tomography scans allow quantitation of fat accumulating in visceral organs including the mesentery and omentum. This visceral fat relates much more to the insulin resistance syndrome than does subcutaneous fat. Moreover, exercise, as performed by active Sumo wrestlers, is associated with low visceral fat, absent hyperglycemia and absent dyslipidemia despite massive subcutaneous obesity. It remains to be seen whether exercise programs more moderate than Sumo wrestling will also mobilize visceral fat. A new metabolic pathway has recently been described whereby hexosamines are formed by an increased flux of glucose into fat and muscle. These hexosamine products appear to explain how glucotoxicity results in insulin resistance. They act as a negative feedback system to limit further glucose transport by insulin target tissue during hyperglycemia. Lipotoxicity has previously been implicated in insulin resistance by its inhibitory effect on glucose uptake by muscle because of the Randle-fatty acid cycle. Recently the role of elevated fatty acids in producing "hepatic" resistance to insulin in NIDDM has also been documented, but the site of insulin resistance may be the fat cell rather than the hepatocyte. Therapy consists mainly of hygienic measures, including caloric restriction and exercise, which can reverse all three of these acquired forms of insulin resistance. In addition, pharmacologic measures to reduce hyperglycemia can reduce the glucotoxicity and lipotoxicity. The use of insulin-sparing antihyperglycemia drugs may be particularly useful in the insulin-resistant patient to avoid weight gain while correcting the hyperglycemia.
Association of the insulin-receptor variant Met-985 with hyperglycemia and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the Netherlands: a population-based study.; One of the characteristics of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is the presence of insulin resistance. Most NIDDM patients have a normal sequence of the insulin receptor, indicating that, if insulin-receptor mutations contribute to the development of NIDDM, they will be present only in a minor fraction of the NIDDM population. The goal of the present study was to examine whether insulin-receptor mutations contribute to the development of NIDDM. We examined 161 individuals with NIDDM and 538 healthy controls from the population-based Rotterdam study for the presence of mutations in the insulin-receptor gene by SSCP. A heterozygous mutation changing valine-985 into methionine was detected in 5.6% of diabetic subjects and in 1.3% of individuals with normal oral glucose tolerance test. Adjusted for age, gender, and body-mass index, this revealed a relative risk for diabetes of 4.49 (95% confidence interval 1.59-12.25) for Met-985 carriers. When the total study group was analyzed, the prevalence of the mutation increased with increasing serum glucose levels (test for trend P < .005). We conclude that the Met-985 insulin-receptor variant associates with hyperglycemia and represents a risk factor for NIDDM.
Inhibition of insulin receptor signaling by TNF: potential role in obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Adipocytes produce a variety of molecules that are capable of functioning in both a paracrine and autocrine fashion. Tumor necrosis factor (TNF) is one of the proteins produced by adipocytes that has been shown to regulate adipocyte function. Interestingly, adipocyte expression of TNF increases with increasing adipocyte mass and expression of TNF is increased in adipocytes isolated from several genetic models of rodent obesity and from obese humans. This finding has led to the idea that TNF produced by adipocytes functions as a local "adipostat" to limit fat accumulation. Increased production of TNF by adipocytes, however, may contribute to insulin resistance in obesity and in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). TNF has been shown to inhibit insulin-simulated tyrosine phosphorylation of both the insulin receptor (IR) and insulin receptor substrate (IRS)-1 and to stimulate downregulation of the insulin-sensitive glucose transporter, GLUT4, in adipocytes. These findings raise the possibility that pharmacological inhibition of TNF may provide a novel therapeutic target to treat patients with NIDDM.
Lipids and lipoproteins as risk factors for coronary heart disease in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Dyslipidaemia is frequent in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Lipid and lipoprotein abnormalities include particularly elevated levels of total and very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) triglycerides and reduced levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. The worsening of glycaemic control further deteriorates lipid and lipoprotein abnormalities and furthermore, total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels are often elevated in poor glycaemic control. Epidemiological data show that total cholesterol is as powerful risk factor for coronary heart disease (CHD) in NIDDM patients as in nondiabetic subjects. High total triglycerides and low HDL cholesterol may be even stronger risk factors for CHD in NIDDM patients than in nondiabetic individuals, but more prospective studies are needed to substantiate this view. Compositional changes in LDL and VLDL particles may further increase the risk of CHD but epidemiological data are missing to support this notion.
The impact of gender and general risk factors on the occurrence of atherosclerotic vascular disease in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; While it is generally accepted that non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) increases atherosclerotic risk, controversy remains as to whether this effect is greater for women than men (thus reducing the usual gender differential). Furthermore, it is unclear to what extent changes in general risk factors may account for this increased risk. The literature was reviewed with meta-analyses. Gender specific overall relative risks with 95% confidence intervals for coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality (ICD codes 410-414) were calculated. Similarly, overall gender specific odds ratios for prevalent myocardial infarction (MI) are presented. Data are generated from both fixed effects and random effects models. Frequency counts of studies showing specific cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factor effects in diabetes are given as is the number of studies showing diabetes to be an independent risk factor. The overall relative risk (the ratio of men to women) for CHD mortality in diabetes was 1.46 (1.21-1.75) and 2.29 (2.05-2.55) in nondiabetes suggesting that the gender differential is reduced in diabetes. However, heterogeneity was high (P < 0.001). Exclusion of studies that were exclusively in elderly subjects eliminated heterogeneity (P > 0.05), but retained a separation of the confidence intervals. Overall odds ratios (men:women) show no suggestion of a diabetes effect on the gender difference for prevalent MI, 1.77 (diabetes) and 1.79 (no diabetes). The effects of six general CVD risk factors were unclear, although the largest study showed a clear effect of cholesterol, smoking, and blood pressure. All 10 studies in women report diabetes to be an independent risk factor as do 8 out of 12 studies in men. NIDDM reduces the gender differential in CHD mortality, but not for prevalent MI (or other end points). Although the effect of specific CVD risk factors is inconsistent across studies, this is likely to reflect limited sample size and power. The major three risk factors, cholesterol, blood pressure, and smoking, probably operate in NIDDM but do not fully explain the increased risk of CVD in NIDDM.
Autoantibodies against oxidized LDL do not predict atherosclerotic vascular disease in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Accelerated atherosclerosis in diabetes has been suggested as being due to an enhanced oxidative modification of LDL. We hypothesized that the titers of autoantibodies against oxidized LDL (oxLDL) may be increased in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and that they may contribute to various manifestations of atherosclerosis among such patients. In a 10-year follow-up study of 91 newly diagnosed NIDDM patients and 82 nondiabetic control subjects, autoantibodies against oxLDL (expressed as the ratio of autoantibodies against oxLDL and native LDL) were measured at baseline and after 10 years. Quantitative ultrasonography to examine the intimal-medial thickness of the common carotid artery (a morphological index of arterial wall injury) and carotid bifurcation was performed at the 10-year examination. The relationship of autoantibodies against oxLDL to the occurrence of cardiovascular death, fatal and nonfatal myocardial infarction, stroke, and any cardiovascular event as well as to the intimal-medial thickness of the common carotid artery and carotid bifurcation was evaluated. Associations between these autoantibodies and metabolic variables (fasting glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin, insulin, and serum lipids) in NIDDM patients were also examined. Autoantibodies against oxLDL did not differ between NIDDM and control subjects (NIDDM: baseline, 1.63 and 0.61 to 23.6; 10-year examination, 1.64 and 0.06 to 59.0; control group: baseline, 1.84 and 0.13 to 36.0; 10-year examination, 1.50 and 0.25 to 8.29; median and range, P = .62, baseline; P = .45, 10 year). In both groups, the titers of these autoantibodies measured at baseline and after 10 years significantly correlated with each other (r = .63 for the diabetic and r = .51 for the control group, respectively, P < .001 for each). The frequency of all cardiovascular events was markedly higher in the NIDDM group than in the control group, but autoantibodies against oxLDL had no significant association with any of these events, including cardiovascular mortality. At the 10-year examination the intimal-medial thickness of the common carotid artery (1.24 +/- 0.36 versus 1.06 +/- 0.30 mm, P = .002) and carotid bifurcation (2.11 +/- 0.73 versus 1.77 +/- 0.82 mm, P = .01) were greater in NIDDM patients than in control subjects, but autoantibodies did not show any association with the intimal-medial thicknesses in either the diabetic or control groups. Autoantibodies against oxLDL indicate the presence of oxidatively modified LDL in vivo, but their titers in the serum do not seem to associate with the excess cardiovascular mortality, morbidity, or intimal-medial thickness of the carotid artery.
Recent progress in the molecular genetic aspects of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is one of the most common metabolic and endocrine disorders in developed countries. NIDDM is a multifactorial disorder in which genetic factors play a complex role in its development. Until recently, little has been known of the genetic determinants of NIDDM. Advances in molecular biological and molecular genetic approaches have now made it possible to begin to identify the diabetes susceptibility genes in NIDDM. This review describes the progress of recent research in the molecular genetic aspects of NIDDM.
Altered circadian blood pressure rhythm and progression of diabetic nephropathy in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus subjects: an average three year follow-up study.; BACKGROUND: In addition to autonomic dysfunction, diabetic nephropathy has been identified as another factor inducing a reversed circadian blood pressure (BP) rhythm in diabetic subjects. This study was carried out to assess the relationship between alterations in circadian BP rhythm and progression of diabetic nephropathy in subjects with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: Ambulatory 24-hour BP, 24-hour urinary albumin excretion rate (UAE), and plasma hormonal factors were measured during an average 3-year follow-up in 16 hospitalized subjects with NIDDM. Twelve age-matched control subjects were also studied., RESULTS: During an average 3-year follow-up, diabetic subjects had no significant progression of severe nephropathy and/or somatic neuropathy and showed no transition from a normal to a reversed mean blood pressure (mBP) pattern. However, mBP during whole day or nighttime, but not daytime, at baseline in diabetic subjects was high as compared with control subjects exhibiting an increased night/day mBP ratio and a decreased night/day mBP difference. The mBPs during various time periods (whole day, daytime, and nighttime) at follow-up in diabetic subjects were more elevated than those at baseline, showing a more increased night/day mBP ratio and a more decreased night/day mBP difference. In diabetic subjects, UAE during follow-up was increased, and UAE increments were well correlated with changes in mBP during whole day and nighttime. Plasma renin activity (PRA) and plasma aldosterone (PA) were decreased, while plasma alpha-atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) was increased at follow-up, compared with at baseline. The mBP increments during various time periods were well correlated with changes in these hormonal factors, and UAE increments were well correlated with changes in PA and plasma ANP., CONCLUSIONS: The altered circadian BP rhythm observed in diabetic subjects may occur at the early stage of diabetic nephropathy with opposite changes in plasma renin-aldosterone and plasma ANP.
Renal function changes in hypertensive patients with non-insulin- dependent diabetes mellitus.; A group of 146 patients with non-insulin- dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) was studied. They were divided into two groups of 73 age and sex matched patients, according to the presence or absence of hypertension. We recorded the presence of macrovascular and microvascular complications of NIDDM, family history, body mass index (BMI), glycemic control and lipidic profile. Renal parameters included plasma creatinine, urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER), glomerular filtration rate (GFR), effective renal plasma flow (ERPF) and filtration fraction. Hypertensive patients had a higher BMI (30 +/- 4.8 kg/m2 vs. 27.6 +/- 4.4 kg/m2, P < 0.005), total cholesterol (6.34 +/- 1.47 mmol/l vs. 5.72 +/- 1.14 mmol/liter, P < 0.01), creatinine (91.1 +/- 25.6 mumol/liter vs. 81.3 +/- 20.3 mumol/liter, P < 0.05) and UAER [63.7 (range 1 to 5160) mg/24 hr vs. 27.3 (3 to 5500) mg/24 hr, P < 0.001]. GFR was lower in the group with hypertension (113 +/- 35 ml.min-1.1.73 m-2 vs. 127 +/- 29 ml.min-1.1.73 m-2, P < 0.05), but there were no differences in ERPF. The difference in GFR was only apparent in patients without established diabetic nephropathy. Hypertensive patients had higher frequency of ischemic heart disease (18% vs. 6%, P < 0.05) and diabetic nephropathy (62% vs. 38%, P < 0.005). We conclude hypertensive NIDDM patients, when compared with normotensive NIDDM patients, are more obese, hypercholesterolemic and have a higher frequency of ischemic heart disease and diabetic nephropathy. Hypertensive NIDDM patients have a worse renal function than normotensives before clinical proteinuria appears. The deterioration of GFR in hypertensive NIDDM patients possibly has an important influence on the progression of diabetic nephropathy.
Acute hyperinsulinaemia decreases cholesterol synthesis less in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus than in non-diabetic subjects.; To investigate the effect of insulin on cholesterol synthesis in vivo we measured plasma mevalonic acid (MVA) concentrations using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry in six non-obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) [four men, two women; age 57.5 +/- 2.2 years (mean +/- SEM); glycated haemoglobin (HbA1) 8.5 +/- 0.5%; total cholesterol (TC) 5.7 +/- 0.5 mmol L-1, triglyceride (TG) 3.8 +/- 0.9 mmol L-1] and six non-diabetic, sex- and age-matched control subjects (age 55.7 +/- 2.8 years; HbA1 6.5 +/- 0.1%; TC 5.4 +/- 0.3 mmol L-1, TG 1.2 +/- 0.1 mmol L-1). Subjects were studied twice: during 13-h hyperinsulinaemic (1 mu kg-1 min-1), euglycaemic (5 mmol L-1) clamp and during a saline infusion. Baseline MVA concentration was significantly higher in diabetic patients than in control subjects (9.8 +/- 0.7 ng mL-1 vs. 5.6 +/- 0.9 ng mL-1, P = 0.004). At the end of each study, MVA concentration, expressed as a percentage of baseline, was significantly lower during the hyperinsulinaemic, euglycaemic clamp than during the saline study in both the diabetic (54.4 +/- 5.3% vs. 69.6 +/- 6.3%, P = 0.036) and control subjects (30.5 +/- 3.4% vs. 61.7 +/- 6.0%, P = 0.01). However, the decrease in MVA during the hyperinsulinaemic clamp study was more marked in the control subjects than in the diabetic subjects (P = 0.03). A significant positive correlation was found between percentage decrease of MVA and non-esterified fatty acids following the insulin clamp in NIDDM (r = 0.83, P = 0.04). We conclude that acute hyperinsulinaemia decreases cholesterol synthesis less in subjects with NIDDM than in non-diabetic subjects and that this phenomenon, together with increased basal cholesterol synthesis in NIDDM, may in part be due to insulin resistance.
Pharmacologic treatment options for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a major health concern for clinicians who are responsible for the care of an aging population. The relationship between hyperglycemia and the chronic complications of retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy has been established in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and it is extremely likely that such a relationship exists in patients with NIDDM as well. Diet and exercise are the cornerstone for the management of NIDDM. The assessment of glycemic control should determine which patients with NIDDM need more aggressive intervention to control hyperglycemia. Pharmacologic treatment options include oral administration of the sulfonylureas, a biguanide, and an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor and subcutaneous administration of insulin. Extensive education about diabetes and self-monitoring of blood glucose levels are important components in maximizing glycemic control. Additional pharmacologic treatment options are necessary when adequate individualized treatment goals are not attained. The goal of therapy is to prevent the onset or progression of long-term microvascular and macrovascular complications. In this review, we present the therapeutic options and outline our approach to the pharmacologic treatment of NIDDM. Relevant medical literature on each treatment modality is reviewed, and the cost of therapy with use of each medication is provided.
Metformin: a new treatment option for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Metformin is a biguanide that can used alone or in combination with sulfonylureas or insulin in the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Since biguanides do not increase pancreatic insulin secretion, they are referred to as antihyperglycemic agents, as opposed to hypoglycemic agents. Biguanides reduce hyperglycemia by increasing, insulin sensitivity, decreasing glucose absorption, and inhibiting hepatic gluconeogenesis. Advantages of metformin include achieving glycemic control without exacerbating weight gain or hyperinsulinemia and beneficially affecting serum cholesterol concentrations. Although metformin has the potential to cause lactic acidosis, the incidence is significantly lower compared with phenformin. Risk factors for lactic acidosis include renal serum creatinine > 1.5 mg/dL and cardiovascular, pulmonary, and hepatic disease. Metformin should be temporarily discontinued prior to surgery and before administration of radiologic intravenous contrast, and in patients with sepsis, severe gastrointestinal disease, trauma, and acute cardiovascular events.
[Insulin resistance and pathogenesis of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (I)].; The authors present a review of current knowledge of insulin mechanism on cellular level and of the defects leading to diminished cellular insulin sensitivity and to development of insulin resistance (IR). Attention is focused primarily on IR in subjects with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with main stress on the postreceptor level of insulin effect which includes glucose transport, storage (glycogen-synthesis) and glycolysis. The defects of these mechanisms (namely the decrease in glycogen-synthase activity) are considered the main causes of IR in patients with NIDDM. Beside the above mentioned factors the authors discuss some of the less well-known mechanisms that can be found in the background of IR in patients with NIDDM (tissue blood flow, capillary density, transport of insulin across the endothelial barrier, glucose toxicity, role of intracellular calcium and others.
Weight and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; I review the effect of weight on the prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and of its associated conditions. Weight loss decreases morbidity in diabetic patients. The effect of weight loss on mortality also is favorable, although the number of reports in which this has been studied is small. The recommendation is made that the persons with NIDDM who have a body mass index (BMI, in kg/m2) > 25 should try to lose weight to at least that level. Those with BMIs between 20 and 25 should make every effort to maintain their present weight throughout life.
Differential effects of saturated and monounsaturated fat on blood glucose and insulin responses in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To compare the metabolic effect of coingestion of saturated and monounsaturated fats with potato, 12 subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) received 300 g mashed potato alone or in combination with 40 g olive oil, 80 g olive oil, 50 g butter, or 100 g butter, respectively. The blood glucose response area to potatoes with 100 g butter (448 +/- 68 mmol.240 min/L) was significantly lower than after the four other meals: 596 +/- 63 (potato alone), 649 +/- 82 (potato + 40 g olive oil), 587 +/- 80 (potato + 50 g butter), and 604 +/- 81 (potato + 80 g olive oil) nmol.240 min/L, P < 0.05, respectively. The insulin response was significantly increased by adding 50 and 100 g butter, whereas addition of 40 and 80 g olive oil had no effect. The fatty acid concentration was higher when 100 g butter was added to the potato meal than when it was not (0.67 +/- 0.05 compared with 0.48 +/- 0.07 mmol/L, P < 0.05). Fatty acid concentrations were similar to those found for the other meals. The triacylglycerol response increased in a dose-dependent manner with the fat content of the meals irrespective of the type of fat. We conclude that butter increases the insulin response more than does olive oil, and large amounts of butter also increase fatty acid and triacylglycerol concentrations.
Glucose control and insulin resistance in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Chronic hyperglycemia is implicated in the pathogenesis of microvascular, neurologic, and macrovascular complications of diabetes. Recent studies prove that near-normal glycemic control in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) reduces the risk for the development and progression of microvascular and neurologic complications. With the expectation of comparable benefits, similar glycemic goals have been advocated for the management of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). However, using intensified insulin therapy to achieve near-normal glycemia in NIDDM may be problematic because of basic differences in pathophysiology of the two types of diabetes. Insulin resistance is a major contributor to the development of hyperglycemia in NIDDM and may prevent attainment of normoglycemia in most patients who are using the conventional approaches of diet, exercise, and oral hypoglycemic therapy. Near-normal glycemia in patients with NIDDM can usually be achieved with exogenous insulin but often requires large doses to overcome the insulin resistance. Intensive insulin therapy normalizes glycemia by decreasing hepatic glucose output and improving peripheral glucose uptake and may also improve insulin resistance and insulin secretion by reducing hyperglycemic glucotoxicity. However, large doses of exogenous insulin are associated with hyperinsulinemia and weight gain, but these effects may be minimized by combining insulin with other forms of therapy, for example, oral antidiabetic agents. When intensive management is instituted, the dose of exogenous insulin should be kept as low as possible. To do this, therapy for NIDDM must be part of a multifaceted approach combining insulin therapy with other effective forms of treatment such as counseling on diet and exercise therapy and the use of oral antidiabetic agents.
Management of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. The United Kingdom experience.; Care of persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in the United Kingdom resembles that in the United States. However, health care practice in Europe is being influenced by the Saint Vincent Declaration, the joint European World Health Organization-International Diabetes Federation initiative, which emphasizes prevention of diabetic complications. In recent years, the responsibility for care for NIDDM has shifted in the United Kingdom to general practice teams. The effect of this shift on the quality of care and the coordinating and educational role of local diabetes specialist teams is discussed, as is the importance of an individualized "menu" of care for each patient. This menu aims for optimum blood glucose level control as well as detection and correction of risk factors for diabetic complications. The pervasive and dangerous notion of NIDDM as a "mild" disease must be corrected. The importance of systematic auditing of process and outcomes in diabetes care is emphasized, as is the need for regular data acquisition, aggregation, and analysis to achieve continuous improvement in the quality of care. Although patient-health professional encounters are the core of good diabetes care, the need for larger-scale appraisal on a local, regional, and national basis is now apparent.
Health care for persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. The German experience.; A structured treatment and education program for patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) who are not taking insulin was developed, evaluated, and implemented at the primary health care level throughout Germany. The program is based on the definition of individual and pragmatic therapeutic goals for each patient, primarily using nondrug treatment, which includes systematic glycosuria self-monitoring by the patients and four structured sessions of group education held in a general practitioner's office. After documentation of the program's efficacy in a randomized, controlled trial and several pilot projects, the program has been officially incorporated into the general German health care scheme and includes payment to practicing physicians for each patient treated. More than 12,500 primary health care physicians have participated in special 2-day postgraduate courses given by diabetologists; these courses are a precondition to participating in the program. As part of the primary health care scheme, the NIDDM program will be continuously monitored for quality control and efficiency. Currently, similar structured treatment and education programs targeted to primary health care physicians are being introduced for both insulin-treated NIDDM and arterial hypertension.
United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study 17: a 9-year update of a randomized, controlled trial on the effect of improved metabolic control on complications in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; PURPOSE: To report the progress (after 9-year follow-up) of a study designed to determine whether improved glucose control in patients with newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is effective in reducing the incidence of clinical complications., DATA SOURCE: A multicenter, randomized, controlled trial of different therapies for NIDDM. After initial diet therapy, 4209 asymptomatic patients who remained hyperglycemic (fasting plasma glucose levels, 6.0 to 15.0 mmol/L) were assigned to either a conventional therapy policy, primarily with diet alone, or to an intensive therapy policy, aiming for fasting plasma glucose levels of less than 6.0 mmol/L, with assignment to primary therapy with sulfonylurea or insulin (which increased insulin supply) or metformin (which enhanced insulin sensitivity)., RESULTS: All three modes of pharmacologic therapy in the intensively treated group-sulfonylurea, insulin, and metformin-had similar efficacy in reducing the fasting plasma glucose and glycated hemoglobin levels. Over 9 years, patients assigned to intensive therapy with sulfonylurea or insulin had lower fasting plasma glucose levels (median, 7.3 and 9.0 mmol/L, respectively) than patients assigned to conventional therapy. Regardless of the assigned therapy, however, the fasting plasma glucose and hemoglobin A1c levels increased, and maintaining near-normal glycemia was, in general, not feasible. Even insulin therapy did not achieve the therapeutic goal of near-normal glycemia because of the difficulty in treating marked hyperglycemia and the risk for hypoglycemic episodes. Nine years after the diagnosis of diabetes, 29% of the patients had had a diabetes-related clinical end point, 20% had had a macrovascular complication, and 9% had had a microvascular complication., CONCLUSIONS: A report will be published in 1998 after a median duration from randomization of 11 years (range, 6 to 20 years) with an 81% power at a 1% level of significance of detecting whether the obtained improvement in glucose control causes a 15% decrease or increase in the incidence of major complications and whether any specific therapy is advantageous or disadvantageous.
Do non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease share common antecedents?.; Recent evidence suggests that non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and cardiovascular disease, rather than being related as underlying disease and complication, share common genetic and environmental antecedents, that is, they "spring from the same soil." Fetal and early-life nutritional deficiencies appear to predispose persons to both NIDDM and cardiovascular disease in later life. The insulin resistance syndrome, including abdominal obesity, may constitute the intermediate link between fetal and early-life nutritional deficiency and later disease. The insulin resistance syndrome includes insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, abdominal obesity, dyslipidemia with high triglyceride and low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and hypertension. Each element of the insulin resistance syndrome has been firmly established as a risk factor for development of diabetes. In addition, most of these elements are also well-recognized cardiovascular risk factors, although the weight of evidence now suggests that hyperinsulinemia itself is not. This last point is significant because of concern that aggressive insulinization of diabetic patients, which has been proved to reduce microvascular complications, might paradoxically increase the risk for large-vessel atherosclerosis. Available clinical trials suggest that this fear is unwarranted, but definitive trials are needed to resolve this important clinical question.
Exogenous insulin administration and cardiovascular risk in non-insulin-dependent and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; PURPOSE: It is currently unknown whether intensive insulin treatment of diabetes decreases the risk for cardiovascular complications by lowering glucose levels or increases the risk by postulated direct atherogenic effects. This article reviews published data from two long-term, randomized clinical trials that compared cardiovascular outcomes associated with different exogenous insulin treatment regimens. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA SOURCES: The University Group Diabetes Program (UGDP) and the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT) were selected as the only available randomized intervention trials with long-term follow-up results. Data reviewed were from the major publications of these two trials., RESULTS: The UGDP compared the effects of a fixed-dose standard insulin regimen, a variable-dose insulin regimen, and a diet plus oral placebo regimen in over 600 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) who were followed for up to 13 years (1962 to 1975). Plasma glucose levels were 1.7 to 2.2 mmol/L lower in the variable-dose insulin regimen group than in the other two treatment groups. No significant differences were found in the final prevalence or the cumulative incidence of total deaths, cardiovascular disease deaths, or myocardial infarctions among the three treatment groups, even when outcomes were adjusted for pertinent baseline cardiovascular risk factors. There was a slight suggestion only from post hoc analysis that patients in both insulin treatment groups, who were defined as having good glucose control, had fewer cardiovascular events than those with fair or poor control. The DCCT compared intensive insulin treatment with conventional insulin treatment (the mean hemoglobin A1c [HbA1c] level was 7.2% and 9.0%, respectively) in over 1400 patients with insulin-dependent diabetes (IDDM) followed for up to 10 years (1983 to 1993). Three major cardiovascular events occurred in the intensive treatment group as compared with 14 in the conventional treatment group (P > 0.05), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride levels were substantially lower in the intensive treatment group. However, body mass index increased substantially more with intensive than with conventional therapy., CONCLUSIONS: The UGDP trial was flawed by inadequate power, insufficient separation of glycemic levels, and ignorance of smoking history as a possible confounder. In the DCCT, the number of cardiovascular events was few because the patients were young and had a relatively short duration of diabetes at baseline. In addition, total daily insulin doses were similar in the two DCCT treatment groups. For these reasons, neither trial provides a definitive answer to the question about the effects of intensive insulin therapy. A better designed clinical trial is needed to determine whether insulin treatment has beneficial or adverse effects, or even offsetting beneficial and adverse effects, on the risk for cardiovascular disease in NIDDM and IDDM.
Effect of adding a sulfonylurea in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus previously well controlled with insulin.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether insulin-requiring patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and good glycemic control would benefit in weight control, serum lipid concentrations, or blood pressure from a reduction in exogenous insulin treatment., METHODS: Eighteen patients with well-controlled NIDDM who required insulin therapy were entered into a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, crossover study of the addition for 12 weeks of treatment with a second-generation sulfonylurea agent (micronized glyburide)., RESULTS: The mean fasting plasma glucose at entry was 7.00 +/- 0.22 mmol/L and at the end of the 12-week treatment phase was 7.67 +/- 0.39 mmol/L with placebo and 7.28 +/- 0.44 mmol/L with active drug. Hemoglobin A(1c) was unchanged during the study (7.5 +/- 0.2% at entry, 7.5 +/- 0.3% with placebo, and 7.4 +/- 0.3% with active drug). Addition of the orally administered agent resulted in a 29% decrease in exogenous insulin requirements and a 37% increase in 24-hour urinary C-peptide excretion. Patients had no change in weight after 12 weeks of either placebo or active drug. Plasma cholesterol levels declined slightly during the study, but they did not differ significantly during drug and placebo treatment. Blood pressure was unchanged in both the subjects with and without hypertension., CONCLUSION: In patients with NIDDM and good glycemic control with insulin treatment, a glyburide-related increase in endogenous insulin secretion caused a proportionate decrease in exogenous insulin requirements. With continued good glycemic control, however, the orally administered agent showed no additional benefit on weight, blood pressure, plasma triglycerides, or low-density lipoprotein or high-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
Long-term effects of fluoxetine on glycemic control in obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus or glucose intolerance: influence on muscle glycogen synthase and insulin receptor kinase activity.; Fluoxetine (F) is a specific serotonin-reuptake inhibitor that has been shown to promote weight loss and improve glycemic control in obese diabetic patients. To study its long-term metabolic effect, 40 obese patients with non-insulin -dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) were included in a 12-month, randomized, placebo controlled study. Patients were assigned to receive either 60 mg F or placebo (P) daily in conjunction with a 5.0-MJ/d diet (> 50% carbohydrate). Both groups showed a significant weight loss, with a nadir after 6 months without group differences (mean +/- SD: F, 10.1 +/- 10.0 kg; P, 9.4 +/- 11.5 kg). Fifteen patients from the F group and 14 from the P group completed the 12-month study without weight loss differences. Glycemic regulation improved along with the weight loss, but with a larger decline in plasma C-peptide and fasting glucose levels on the F group (P < .05). Total skeletal muscle glycogen synthase (GS) activity increased by 31% in the F group (P < .01) and by 17% in the P group (nonsignificant) after 6 months of treatment, but was still less than the activity in normal-weight controls (aged 28.0 +/- 6.3 years; body mass index, 23.5 +/- 2.2). After adjustment for fasting glucose, insulin, weight loss, and diabetic state, a positive effect of F remained on the total GS activity, which accounted for 27% of the variation (P < .05). The waist to hip ratio was reduced in P subjects as compared with F subjects (P < .05). Fat-free mass (FFM) tended to be more reduced in the F group as compared with P subjects (4.9 v 1.9 kg), although the difference did not reach statistical significance. In conclusion, F seems to improve insulin sensitivity beyond the effect mediated through weight loss by a possible effect on GS activity in skeletal muscle tissue.
Prevention of long-term complications of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) may be the most rapidly-growing chronic disease in the world. Its long-term complications, including retinopathy, nephropathy, neuropathy, and accelerated macrovascular disease cause major morbidity and mortality. Although therapy that normalizes glycemia may prevent the development and delay the progression of long-term complications in NIDDM, as has been demonstrated in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), no direct data exist to support the efficacy of "intensive therapy" in NIDDM. An alternative approach to preventing the development of long-term complications may be to intervene more distally, i.e., inhibit the mechanism(s) by which elevated glucose levels cause complications. Potential pathogenic mechanisms include the accumulation of sorbitol and other biochemical changes in tissues with aldose reductase, and the modification of proteins by glycation. Pharmacologic probes, including aldose reductase inhibitors and glycation inhibitors such as aminoguanidine, are currently under study and may provide an efficient means of preventing complications, independent of the ambient glycemic level.
Enrichment of an Israeli ethnic food with fibres and their effects on the glycaemic and insulinaemic responses in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The effects of various sources of dietary fibre on the high glycaemic index of an Israeli ethnic food, melawach, were investigated in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Locust-bean (Ceratonia siliqua) gum significantly decreased the glucose response to, and glycaemic index of, melawach in these diabetic subjects (P < 0.05). It also tended to decrease their insulinaemic response and insulinaemic index, but differences were not significant. Dietary fibre from lupin (Lupinus albus) and insoluble maize-cob fibre did not affect glucose and insulin levels in NIDDM volunteers. Subjects with a BMI < 30 kg/m2 exhibited similar glucose, but not insulin, responses to fibre. Locust-bean gum had no significant effect on glycaemic response in NIDDM subjects with a BMI > 30 kg/m2, whereas insulinaemic response decreased. The results indicate that foods containing the same nutrients in almost the same amounts, but differing in added dietary fibre, lead to different physiological responses in diabetic subjects. Furthermore, insulin response should be considered when fibre is incorporated into the diabetic's diet.
Regulation of hepatic glucose production in healthy subjects and patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The regulation of endogenous glucose production is central to the control of blood glucose concentrations. In non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), increased endogenous glucose production contributes to fasting hyperglycaemia. Gluconeogenesis appears to be exaggerated in NIDDM, and it may be hypothesized that an enhanced release of gluconeogenic precursors is responsible for increased total glucose output. However, it would appear that substrate-induced stimulation of gluconeogenesis fails to increase total glucose production in healthy humans and NIDDM patients. This autoregulation of endogenous glucose production may be attained by inhibition of glycogenolysis and/or gluconeogenesis from endogenous substrate. It has also been observed that stimulation of intrahepatic disposal of neoformed glucose (mainly as glycogen synthesis) contributes to autoregulation. These observations support the concept that intrahepatic disposal of glucose-6-phosphate plays a major role in the control of endogenous glucose production.
Comparative effects of ramipril and nitrendipine on albuminuria in hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and impaired renal function.; The purpose of this study was to compare the effects of ramipril and nitrendipine on urinary albumin excretion (UAE) in hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and impaired renal function. Forty patients with mild hypertension with NIDDM and persistent albuminuria (> 300 mg/24h) were studied. After a 3-week run-in period on placebo, patients were randomly treated with ramipril 5 mg once daily or nitrendipine 20 mg once daily for 6 months, according to a double-blind design. Blood pressure (BP), UAE, creatinine clearance and glycosilated haemoglobin were evaluated at the end of the placebo period and after 1,3 and 6 months of active treatment. Both ramipril and nitrendipine significantly lowered BP values without affecting glucose homeostasis and renal function. Despite equivalent BP control, only ramipril afforded a significant reduction in UAE, thus suggesting that the antiproteinuric effect of ramipril is at least partially independent of its anti-hypertensive effect.
[Obesity as a risk factor for developing non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus--obesity and insulin resistance].; Obesity is considered to be one of the major risk factors for developing non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Our cohort study for NIDDM in Aito, Shiga 1980-1990 confirmed that aging, higher body mass index (obesity) and high blood pressure were independent risk factors for developing NIDDM in Japan. In Pima Indians, decreased glucose disposal rate (GDR) is significantly related to percentage of body fat (%fat). Insulin signaling for glycogen synthesis in the skeletal muscles is impaired in the early stages of obesity. Although the molecular mechanism for insulin resistance in obesity is still unknown, hyperinsulinemia induces insulin receptor loss by means of the down regulation mechanism, and prolonged hyperglycemia may induce the impairment of insulin receptor kinase in the skeletal muscles in obese subjects. These dysfunctions in insulin signaling may cause the deterioration of insulin sensitivity, resulting in worsening glycemic control. Thus dysfunction of insulin receptor signaling in skeletal muscles may be a target for preventing diabetes in obese subjects.
Multicenter, placebo-controlled trial comparing acarbose (BAY g 5421) with placebo, tolbutamide, and tolbutamide-plus-acarbose in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Acarbose delays release of glucose from complex carbohydrates and disaccharides by inhibiting intestinal alpha-glucosidases, thereby attenuating postprandial increments in blood glucose and insulin. This multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled study compared the efficacy and safety of diet alone, acarbose, tolbutamide, and acarbose-plus-tolbutamide in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients., PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 290 patients with NIDDM and fasting plasma glucose levels of at least 140 mg/dL were randomized to receive treatment TID with acarbose 200 mg, tolbutamide 250 to 1,000 mg, a combination of both drugs, or placebo. A 6-week run-in period was followed by double-blind treatment for 24 weeks, then a 6-week follow-up period., RESULTS: All active treatments were superior (P < 0.05) to placebo in reducing postprandial hyperglycemia and HbA1c levels. The ranking in order of efficacy was: acarbose-plus-tolbutamide, tolbutamide, acarbose, and placebo. The postprandial reductions in glucose were approximately 85 mg/dL for acarbose-plus-tolbutamide, 71 mg/dL for tolbutamide, 56 mg/dL for acarbose, and 13 mg/dL for placebo. Tolbutamide was associated with increases in body weight and postprandial insulin levels when taken alone, but these were ameliorated when tolbutamide was taken in combination with acarbose. Acarbose alone or in combination with tolbutamide caused significantly more gastrointestinal adverse events (mainly flatulence and soft stools or diarrhea) than tolbutamide or placebo, but these were generally well tolerated. Clinically significant elevations in hepatic transaminase levels occurred in 3 patients in the acarbose group and 2 in the acarbose-plus-tolbutamide group. Transaminase levels returned to normal when therapy was discontinued., CONCLUSIONS: Acarbose was effective and well tolerated in the treatment of NIDDM. Control of glycemia was significantly better with acarbose compared with diet alone. Acarbose-plus-tolbutamide was superior to tolbutamide alone.
A nurse-coordinated intervention for primary care patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: impact on glycemic control and health-related quality of life.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the impact of a nurse-coordinated intervention delivered to patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus between office visits to primary care physicians., DESIGN: Randomized, controlled trial., SETTING: Veterans Affairs general medical clinic., PATIENTS: 275 veterans who had NIDDM and were receiving primary care from general internists., INTERVENTION: Nurse-initiated contacts were made by telephone at least monthly to provide patient education (with special emphasis on regimens and significant signs and symptoms of hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia), reinforce compliance with regimens, monitor patients' health status, facilitate resolution of identified problems, and facilitate access to primary care., MEASUREMENTS: Glycemic control was assessed using glycosylated hemoglobin (GHb) and fasting blood sugar (FBS) levels. Health-related quality of life (HRQOL) was measured with the Medical Outcomes Study SF-36, and diabetes-related symptoms were assessed using patients' self-reports of signs and symptoms of hyper- and hypoglycemia during the previous month., MAIN RESULTS: At one year, between-group differences favored intervention patients for FBS (174.1 mg/dL vs 193.1 mg/dL, p = 0.011) and GHb (10.5% vs 11.1%, p = 0.046). Statistically significant differences were not observed for either SF-36 scores (p = 0.66) or diabetes-related symptoms (p = 0.23)., CONCLUSIONS: The intervention, designed to be a pragmatic, low-intensity adjunct to care delivered by physicians, modestly improved glycemic control but not HRQOL or diabetes-related symptoms.
[Insulin resistance and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; Normal glucose tolerance depends primarily on 1) the ability of the body to secrete insulin, 2) the normal insulin action in target tissues, it means the ability of insulin to inhibit hepatic glucose production and to promote glucose uptake, 3) and the ability of glucose to enter the cells in the absence of insulin. Clinically overt non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is characterized by abnormality of insulin secretion combined with insulin resistance in glucose metabolism of all major target tissues. While the fasting hyperglycaemia depends primarily on decreased insulin ability to inhibit hepatic glucose production, in the postabsorptive state the main role is played by decreased insulin-stimulated glucose uptake in muscles and impaired glycogen synthesis. Because of hyperglycaemia, and increased insulin-independent glucose uptake, whole glucose utilisation is not altered in NIDDM. Combination of genetic and environmental factors leading to secondary changes in insulin action, contribute to the pathogenesis of insulin resistance and progression of NIDDM.
Use of very-low-calorie diets in the treatment of obese persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; This article discusses the use of very-low-calorie diets (VLCDs) in the treatment of obese persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Research using VLCDs with overweight participants with and without diabetes is reviewed. In both groups of participants, it has been shown that VLCDs used in combination with behavior therapy increase initial weight loss. However, to date, it has not been possible to develop treatment programs that maintain this weight loss long term. Neither intensive maintenance sessions nor intermittent VLCDs have been successful in maintaining the benefits of VLCDs long term. Thus, from the perspective of producing long-term weight loss, balanced low-calorie diets appear to be as effective as VLCDs. However, VLCDs may be useful in treating obese persons with NIDDM, because caloric restriction independent of notable weight loss has marked effects on glycemic control. Several studies have shown that just 7 days of caloric restriction can produce dramatic improvements in glycemic control; moreover, VLCDs produce greater improvements in glycemic control than more moderate diets, even if weight losses are the same. Research is needed to explore new ways to use VLCDs and other approaches to caloric restriction in the treatment of obese persons with NIDDM.
Obesity, insulin resistance, and its link to non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Studies have shown that obese patients have a lower tissue response to insulin than lean individuals, suggesting that obesity promotes the development of insulin resistance. The mechanisms linking obesity and insulin resistance are not known. Obese patients have decreased glucose oxidation and increased lipid oxidation compared with lean individuals, and are hyperinsulinemic, which may result in downregulation of insulin receptors. Studies in healthy subjects have shown that increased plasma levels of nonesterified free fatty acids resulted in a decrease in peripheral insulin-induced glucose uptake. Obese patients have increased plasma levels of nonesterified free fatty acids, which may be involved in the development of insulin resistance. Patients with central obesity have a greater degree of peripheral insulin resistance and higher plasma insulin levels than patients with lower body obesity. Patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) who become obese have a further reduction in insulin sensitivity. Studies in Pima Indians have shown that adiposity is the most important predictor for NIDDM in children with at least one parent who have diabetes. Insulin sensitivity improves with weight loss in obese patients.
Cost-effectiveness of medical nutrition therapy provided by dietitians for persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To conduct a cost analysis and cost-effectiveness study based on a randomized clinical trial of basic nutrition care (BC) and practice guidelines nutrition care (PGC) provided by dietitians in outpatient clinics., DESIGN: Subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) from three states (Minnesota, Florida, Colorado) were randomly assigned to a group receiving BC or a group receiving PGC for a 6-month clinical trial. Along with data about medical and clinical outcomes, data about cost resources were collected. The cost-effectiveness of PGC compared with BC was calculated using per-patient costs and glycemic outcomes for the 6 months of the study. A net cost-effectiveness ratio comparing BC and PGC, including the cost savings resulting from changes in medical therapy, was also calculated., SUBJECTS: The study reports on a sample of 179 subjects with NIDDM between the ages of 38 and 76 years who completed the clinical trial., RESULTS: Patients in the PGC group experienced a mean 1.1 +/- 2.8 mmol/L decrease in fasting plasma glucose level 6 months after entry to the study, for a total per-patient cost of $112. PGC costs included one glycated hemoglobin assay used by the dietitian to evaluate nutrition outcomes. Patients in the BC group experienced a mean 0.4 +/- 2.7 mmol/L decrease, for a total per-patient cost of $42. In the PGC group, 17 persons had changes in therapy, which yielded an average 12-month cost savings prorated for all patients of $31.49. In contrast, in the BC group, 9 persons had changes in therapy, for an average 12-month prorated cost savings of $3.13. Each unit of change in fasting plasma glucose level from entry to the 6-month follow-up can be achieved with an investment of $5.75 by implementing BC or of $5.84 by implementing PGC. If net costs are considered (per-patient costs--cost savings due to therapy changes), the cost-effectiveness ratios become $5.32 for BC and $4.20 for PGC, assuming the medical changes in therapy were maintained for 12 months., APPLICATIONS: These findings suggest that individualized nutrition interventions can be delivered by experienced dietitians with a reasonable investment of resources. Cost-effectiveness is enhanced when dietitians are engaged in active decision making about intervention alternatives based on the patient's needs.
Effectiveness of medical nutrition therapy provided by dietitians in the management of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a randomized, controlled clinical trial.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of medical nutrition therapy (MNT) provided by dietitians on medical and clinical outcomes for adults with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and to compare MNT administered according to practice guidelines nutrition care (PGC) to MNT administered with basic nutrition care (BC)., DESIGN: A prospective, randomized, controlled clinical trial of two levels of MNT on metabolic control in persons newly diagnosed with or currently under treatment for NIDDM was conducted at diabetes centers in three states (Minnesota, Florida, and Colorado). BC consisted of a single visit with a dietitian; PGC involved an initial visit with a dietitian followed by two visits during the first 6 weeks of the study period. Data were collected at entry to the study and at 3 and 6 months., SUBJECTS: Results are reported for 179 men and women aged 38 to 76 years: 85 assigned randomly to BC and 94 to PGC. This represents 72% of the 247 subjects enrolled. An additional 62 adults with NIDDM at one site who had no contact with a dietitian were identified as a nonrandom comparison group., OUTCOMES: Medical outcome measures included fasting plasma glucose (FPG), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), and serum lipid levels. Clinical outcomes included weight, body mass index, waist-to-hip ratio, and changes in medical therapy., STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Initial analysis of the discrete variables was done using the chi 2 statistic with Yates' correction. Initial analysis of continuous variables was done by analysis of variance. The changes in variables between time periods were analyzed by paired t test, and comparisons between groups were analyzed using a t test for independent groups., RESULTS: At 6 months, PGC resulted in significant improvements in blood glucose control as indicated by FPG and HbA1c levels and BC resulted in significant improvements in HbA1c level. Participants assigned to the PGC group had a mean FPG level at 6 months that was 10.5% lower than the level at entry, and those in the BC group had a 5.3% lower value. Among subjects who had diabetes for longer than 6 months, those who received PGC had a significantly better HbA1c level at 3 months compared with those receiving BC. The comparison group showed no improvement in glycemic control over a comparable 6 months. PGC subjects had significant improvements in cholesterol values at 6 months, and subjects in both the PGC and the BC groups had significant weight loss., CONCLUSIONS: MNT provided by dietitians resulted in significant improvements in medical and clinical outcomes in both the BC and PGC groups and is beneficial to persons with NIDDM. Persons with a duration of diabetes longer than 6 months tended to do better with PGC than with BC. Because of the upward trend in glucose levels after 3 months, ongoing MNT by dietitians is important for long-term metabolic control.
Importance of early insulin levels on prandial glycaemic responses and thermogenesis in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To examine the effect of different profiles of insulin administration on glycaemia and thermogenesis, we studied 10 subjects with mild non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus on four occasions after a standard mixed meal: (1) with no supplementary insulin (control), (2) with intravenous insulin (1.8U over 15 min = short), (3) as for short but extended over 30 min to simulate the normal initial rise in portal vein insulin levels (medium), (4) as for medium with additional insulin to normalize the profile from 30-60 min (3.6U over 60 min, long). All studies in which supplemental insulin was administered lowered the integrated glucose response above baseline versus the control study (short 76%, medium 71%, and long 56% of control, p = 0.003). The insulin infusions also increased the non-protein respiratory quotient in the first hour following the meal (0.82 +/- 0.01 (control) vs 0.87 +/- 0.01 (short), 0.86 +/- 0.01 (medium) and 0.87 +/- 0.01 (long), p = 0.003) and augmented thermogenesis (7.6 +/- 1.5 (control) vs 10.5 +/- 2.9 (short), 13.0 +/- 1.9 (medium) and 13.2 +/- 2.8% (long), p = 0.02). Total integrated insulin area above baseline was significantly greater in the long study (short 121, medium 111 vs long 179% of control, p = 0.02). Thus the greatest glycaemic benefit in relation to insulinaemia was obtained with the two shorter insulin infusions (short and medium). In conclusion, this study confirms the role of early prandial insulin secretion (or delivery) in limiting prandial glycaemia in NIDDM and increasing thermogenesis and highlights the pivotal role of the timing of elevation of insulin levels in modulating hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinaemia.
Insulin treatment in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is an important cause of morbidity and mortality, both in developed as well as in developing countries. The eyes, kidneys, and cardiovascular and neurological systems are predominantly affected by this chronic disease, leading to loss of employment and sometimes life. The most common setting is uncontrolled glycaemia after dietary restriction, exercise and oral hypoglycaemic drug therapy. Insulin may be needed for treating NIDDM some time during the course of the disease. Insulin therapy results in improved beta-cell function, a decrease in the hepatic glucose output and an improvement of the lipoprotein profile. Some of these beneficial effects are due to nullification of 'glucose toxicity'. Objective evidence of a link between tight metabolic control and chronic complications of NIDDM is still not established, despite the results of recent trials. Many insulin regimes have been tried. Recently, attention has been focused on combination therapy with sulphonylureas and insulin, using long-acting insulin at bedtime only. This regime improves the glycaemic profile (due to a reduction of hepatic glucose output), using lower doses of insulin and sulphonylureas. However, experience with this regime suggests that it is only suitable for a subset of NIDDM patients. Adverse effects of insulin therapy include weight gain and hypoglycaemia, which can usually be easily managed. It is hyperinsulinaemia, with its complex array of adverse metabolic effects, that has recently concerned physicians. Acceleration of atherosclerosis, hypertension and worsening of the lipoprotein profile have been cited as possible adverse effects. The presence of such dysregulation is included in the recently described syndrome X.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Metformin. A review of its pharmacological properties and therapeutic use in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The biguanide metformin (dimethylbiguanide) is an oral antihyperglycaemic agent used in the management of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It reduces blood glucose levels, predominantly by improving hepatic and peripheral tissue sensitivity to insulin without affecting the secretion of this hormone. Metformin also appears to have potentially beneficial effects on serum lipid levels and fibrinolytic activity, although the long term clinical implications of these effects are unclear. Metformin possesses similar antihyperglycaemic efficacy to sulphonylureas in obese and nonobese patients with NIDDM. Additionally, interim data from the large multicentre United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study (UKPDS) indicated similar antihyperglycaemic efficacy for metformin and insulin in newly diagnosed patients with NIDDM. Unlike the sulphonylureas and insulin, however, metformin treatment is not associated with increased bodyweight. Addition of metformin to existing antidiabetic therapy confers enhanced antihyperglycaemic efficacy. This may be of particular use in improving glycaemic control in patients with NIDDM not adequately controlled with sulphonylurea monotherapy, and may serve to reduce or eliminate the need for daily insulin injections in patients with NIDDM who require this therapy. The acute, reversible gastrointestinal adverse effects seen with metformin may be minimised by administration with or after food, and by using lower dosages, increased slowly where necessary. Lactic acidosis due to metformin is rare, and the risk of this complication may be minimised by observance of prescribing precautions and contraindications intended to avoid accumulation of the drug or lactate in the body. Unlike the sulphonylureas, metformin does not cause hypoglycaemia. Thus, metformin is an effective antihyperglycaemic agent which appears to improve aberrant plasma lipid and fibrinolytic profiles associated with NIDDM. Possible long term clinical benefits of this drug with regard to cardiovascular mortality and morbidity are not yet established but are being assessed in a major ongoing study. Since metformin does not promote weight gain or hypoglycaemia it should be considered first-line pharmacotherapy in obese patients with NIDDM inadequately controlled by nonpharmacological measures. Metformin appears similarly effective for the pharmacological management of NIDDM in nonobese patients.
Intensive insulin therapy prevents the progression of diabetic microvascular complications in Japanese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a randomized prospective 6-year study.; To examine whether intensive glycemic control could decrease the frequency or severity of diabetic microvascular complications, we performed a prospective study of Japanese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) treated with multiple insulin injection treatment. A total of 110 patients with NIDDM was randomly assigned to multiple insulin injection treatment group (MIT group) or to conventional insulin injection treatment group (CIT group). Fifty-five NIDDM patients who showed no retinopathy and urinary albumin excretions < 30 mg/24 h at the baseline were evaluated in the primary-prevention cohort, and the other 55 NIDDM patients who showed simple retinopathy and urinary albumin excretions < 300 mg/24 h were evaluated in the secondary-intervention cohort. The appearance and the progression of retinopathy, nephropathy and neuropathy were evaluated every 6 months over a 6-year period. The worsening of complications in this study was defined as an increase of 2 or more steps in the 19 stages of the modified ETDRS interim scale for retinopathy and an increase of one or more steps in 3 stages (normoalbuminuria, microalbuminuria and albuminuria) for nephropathy. The cumulative percentages of the development and the progression in retinopathy after 6 years were 7.7% for the MIT group and 32.0% for the CIT group in the primary-prevention cohort (P = 0.039), and 19.2% for MIT group and 44.0% for CIT group in the secondary-intervention cohort (P = 0.049). The cumulative percentages of the development and the progression in nephropathy after 6 years were 7.7% for the MIT group and 28.0% for the CIT group in the primary-prevention cohort (P = 0.032), and 11.5% and 32.0%, respectively, for the MIT and CIT groups in the secondary-intervention cohort (P = 0.044). In neurological tests after 6 years, MIT group showed significant improvement in the nerve conduction velocities, while the CIT group showed significant deterioration in the median nerve conduction velocities and vibration threshold. Although both postural hypotension and the coefficient of variation of R-R interval tended to improve in the MIT group, they deteriorated in the CIT group. In conclusion, intensive glycemic control by multiple insulin injection therapy can delay the onset and the progression of diabetic retinopathy, nephropathy and neuropathy in Japanese patients with NIDDM. From this study, the glycemic threshold to prevent the onset and the progression of diabetic microangiopathy is indicated as follows; HbA1c < 6.5%, FBG < 110 mg/dl, and 2-h post-prandial blood glucose concentration < 180 mg/dl.
Mechanisms of increase in plasma triacylglycerol concentrations as a result of high carbohydrate intakes in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To determine the mechanisms of increase in plasma triacylglycerol concentrations after high dietary intakes of carbohydrates, 10 men with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were fed an isoenergetic high-carbohydrate diet (55% of energy as carbohydrate and 30% as fat) and a high-monounsaturated-fat diet (45% of energy as fat and 40% as carbohydrates) for 6 wk in a randomized, crossover manner. The high-carbohydrate diet raised fasting plasma triacylglycerol concentrations by 26% (P = 0.007) but did not affect postheparin lipoprotein lipase (P = 0.2) or hepatic lipase activities (P = 0.9). The oral-fat-tolerance test labeled with retinyl palmitate also revealed no differences in postprandial plasma triacylglycerol (P = 0.37) or retinyl palmitate clearances (P = 0.34) between the two diets. We conclude that the increase in plasma triacylglycerol concentrations with high-carbohydrate diets in men with NIDDM is not due to reduced lipolysis or diminished postprandial clearance of triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins but is primarily due to increased hepatic secretion of very-low-density-lipoprotein triacylglycerols.
Controlling non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in developing countries.; The epidemiological transition has brought an increasing burden of chronic non-communicable disorders to middle- and even low-income countries. This paper reviews the problem with particular reference to non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in the English-speaking Caribbean region. Surveys conducted over the last three decades have documented a high prevalence of NIDDM in a number of communities and evidence has accumulated to support the control of obesity and physical inactivity in the primary prevention of non-insulin-dependent diabetes. The problem of introducing and monitoring suitable interventions on a long-term basis in high-risk populations in different cultures has yet to be addressed. The impact of diabetes on health status in developing countries has not been well documented but it is clear that there are high levels of acute illness from disorders of glycaemic control, long-term disability from blindness and limb amputation and premature mortality from stroke, coronary heart disease and renal disease. Present evidence suggests that improving the quality of preventive clinical management can be the most immediately productive approach to controlling health problems from diabetes. Achieving this objective within the social, organizational and resource constraints of the Caribbean presents a range of problems. Identifying the most cost-effective means of improving existing services is therefore the most immediate research priority for NIDDM in the English-speaking countries of the Caribbean.
Dietary and pharmacologic regimens to reduce lipid peroxidation in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Persons with diabetes are at increased risk for developing coronary heart disease (CHD): although the standard risk factors are also applicable, there are other major nontraditional risk factors for these persons. For example, oxidation of lipoproteins may play an important role in the development of atherosclerosis. Another risk factor is the presence of small, dense low-density lipoprotein (LDL), which may have enhanced atherogenicity because it enters the arterial wall more readily and is more easily oxidized. Both of these factors may be particularly important in persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), because these persons may have greater rates of lipid oxidation in vivo than do nondiabetic persons and also have an increased prevalence of small, dense LDL. I describe potential dietary and pharmacologic regimens in patients with NIDDM to decrease in vivo lipid peroxidation, and the susceptibility of LDL and dense LDL subfractions to oxidative modification. In nearly all NIDDM patients, reducing dietary saturated fat helps lower plasma cholesterol and reduces the risk for CHD. There is, however, some controversy as to whether dietary saturated fat should be replaced by carbohydrates or by monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) in NIDDM. Recent studies showed reduced susceptibility to oxidation of LDL in subjects consuming MUFA-enriched diets, thus adding another dimension to the ongoing debate over the most appropriate diet for NIDDM patients. Additionally, supplemental antioxidants such as probucol and vitamin E alone or in combination with MUFA-enriched diets have shown promise in protecting LDL from oxidation when given to nondiabetic populations. I also present recent results from an antioxidant trial in NIDDM subjects.
Efficacy and safety of fluvastatin in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and hyperlipidemia: preliminary report.; This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was designed to evaluate the effect of fluvastatin on the lipid profiles of patients with hypertriglyceridemia resulting from non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Sixty-six NIDDM patients (24 men, 42 women) with low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels > 3.36 mmol/liter (130 mg/dL) and triglyceride (TG) levels of 2.3-11.3 mmol/liter (200-1,000 mg/dL) after an 8-week period of Step I diet were given fluvastatin, 20 mg every PM for 6 weeks followed by 20 mg twice daily for an additional 6 weeks, or placebo. By weeks 9-12, fluvastatin decreased plasma LDL-C levels by 24.3% (p < 0.001) and plasma TG by 15.3% (p < 0.01). High density lipoprotein cholesterol levels increased by 4.6% over the same interval (p < 0.05). Fluvastatin treatment was not associated with abnormalities in the indices of glycemic control or clinically important abnormalities in laboratory values. Fluvastatin is an effective treatment of combined elevations of TG and LDL-C in NIDDM.
Prevalence of lipid abnormalities in Sri Lankan patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the prevalence of hyperlipidaemia in Sri Lankan patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and a normal control population., DESIGN: A cross-sectional study., SETTING: Patients with NIDDM randomly selected from a diabetic clinic register and non-diabetic controls randomly selected from an electoral register., PATIENTS: 498 patients with NIDDM (197 females mean age 53.5, SD 6.2 years) and 253 non-diabetic controls (101 females, mean age 53, SD 5.5 years matched for age and sex., METHODS: Diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) were excluded in the control group by a 75g oral glucose tolerance test. Total cholesterol, high density cholesterol and triglycerides were determined in fasting blood samples., RESULTS: The prevalence of lipid abnormalities was significantly higher in diabetic patients than in controls. The prevalence of hypercholesterolaemia was 21% vs 14% and that of hypertriglyceridaemia 16% vs 8.3%. Mean fasting blood glucose was higher (9.7 + 2.7) in hyperlipidaemic patients than in normolipidaemic diabetic patients (7.5 + 2.1), CONCLUSIONS: Hyperlipidaemias are common in Sri Lankan patients with NIDDM and screening for them should be an essential component of management of patients with diabetes mellitus.
Short-term effects of mepacrine on serum lipids, lipoproteins, and apolipoproteins in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We investigated the effects of 7 days' treatment with oral mepacrine hydrochloride 100 mg three times daily on fasting serum levels of glucose, insulin, lipids, lipoproteins, and apolipoproteins in 16 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in a double-blind placebo-controlled study. Mepacrine treatment decreased fasting levels of total cholesterol (7.0 +/- 0.6 to 5.6 +/- 0.4 mmol/L, P < .01), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (4.7 +/- 0.5 to 3.5 +/- 0.3 mmol/L, P < .01), and apolipoprotein (apo) B (1.20 +/- 0.14 to 1.02 +/- 0.08 g/L, P < .05), and the ratio of LDL cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (P < .05). There was no change in fasting levels of serum glucose, insulin, C-peptide, nonesterified free fatty acids, triglycerides, or lipoprotein(a). In conclusion, a short course of oral mepacrine treatment has a potentially beneficial effect on LDL cholesterol and apo B levels in patients with NIDDM and warrants further investigation in this situation.
Modulation of insulin signalling in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: significance of altered receptor isoform patterns and mechanisms of glucose-induced receptor modulation.; Insulin resistance in skeletal muscle plays a key role in the development of the metabolic-endocrine syndrome and its further progression to non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Available data suggest that insulin resistance is caused by impaired signalling from the insulin receptor to the glucose transport system and to glycogen synthase. The impaired response of the insulin receptor tyrosine kinase, which is found in NIDDM, appears to contribute to the pathogenesis of the signalling defect. The reduced kinase activation is not caused by mutation of the receptor. Two potential mechanisms were investigated that might be relevant to the abnormal function of the insulin receptor in NIDDM. That is, changes of the receptor isoforms and the effect of hyperglycaemia. The insulin receptor is expressed in two different isoforms (HIR-A and HIR-B). HIR-B expression in skeletal muscle is increased in NIDDM. Characterization of the functional properties of HIR-B, however, revealed that increased HIR-B expression did not cause impaired tyrosine kinase activity, but more probably represented a compensatory event. In contrast, hyperglycaemia is able to inhibit insulin receptor function. In a rat-1 fibroblast cell line overexpressing human insulin receptor, inhibition of the tyrosine kinase activity of the receptor can be induced by high glucose levels. This effect appears to be mediated through activation of certain protein kinase C isoforms, which are able to form stable complexes with the insulin receptor and modulate its tyrosine kinase activity through serine phosphorylation of the receptor beta-subunit. This mechanism might also be relevant in human skeletal muscle and thereby contribute to the pathogenesis of insulin resistance.
Treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and its complications. A state of the art review.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a major health problem which occurs predominantly in the older population; 16.8% of persons over age 65 years have NIDDM. The total health costs of NIDDM are in excess of $US20 billion annually. The primary objective in the treatment of NIDDM is to achieve normoglycaemia, without aggravating coexisting abnormalities. Common abnormalities include obesity, hypertension, retinopathy, nephropathy and neuropathies. Diet, and consequent bodyweight reduction, is the cornerstone of therapy for NIDDM. Total calorie intake should be limited, while the percentage of calories from carbohydrates should be increased and that from fats and cholesterol should be decreased. Exercise may also help to reduce bodyweight. Sulphonylurea drugs stimulate insulin secretion from beta-cells, and may be a useful adjunct to nonpharmacological therapy. Failure to respond to sulphonylurea drugs may be primary (25 to 30% of initially treated patients) or secondary (5 to 10% per year). It is not clear which is the most effective pharmacological intervention in such cases. Options include switching to or combining therapy with insulin, a biguanide, or other insulin-sparing antihyperglycaemic agents, e.g. alpha-glucosidase inhibitors, thiazolidinediones, chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine, or fibric acid derivatives such as clofibrate. Other experimental agents include the fatty acid oxidation inhibitors and dichloroacetate. Specific agents, such as antihypertensives, lipid lowering agents and sorbitol inhibitors, may be needed to prevent the complications arising from the spectrum of clinical and metabolic abnormalities which arise from insulin resistance.
Cholestyramine therapy for dyslipidemia in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. A short-term, double-blind, crossover trial.; OBJECTIVE: To assess clinical efficacy and tolerability of cholestyramine therapy in patients with dyslipidemia and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., DESIGN: A randomized, double-blind, crossover study of cholestyramine (8 g twice daily) compared with placebo for a period of 6 weeks each., SETTING: Metabolic Unit and the Lipid and Diabetes Clinics at the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Dallas, Texas., PATIENTS: 21 patients with NIDDM that was well controlled using either glyburide or insulin therapy and with low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels more than 3.36 mmol/L (130 mg/dL) and fasting plasma triglyceride levels less than 3.4 mmol/L (300 mg/dL)., MEASUREMENTS: During the last week of each period, for 5 consecutive days fasting plasma lipids and lipoproteins were measured, and plasma glucose levels were determined at 3, 7, and 11 a.m. and at 4 and 8 p.m. Daily urinary glucose excretion was measured for 3 days and glycosylated hemoglobin concentrations were determined on days 28 and 38 of the study periods., RESULTS: In this short-term study, when compared with placebo, cholestyramine reduced total cholesterol by 18% (95% CI, 14% to 22%) and LDL cholesterol by 28% (CI, 21% to 35%). Although cholestyramine therapy increased plasma triglyceride levels by 13.5% (CI, 1% to 26%), very-low density lipoprotein cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels remained unchanged. Cholestyramine therapy improved glycemic control; mean plasma glucose values were lower by 13% (CI, 5% to 21%), a median reduction in urinary glucose excretion of 0.22 g/d was observed (P < 0.001), and a tendency to lower glycosylated hemoglobin concentration was noted. The doses of glyburide and insulin did not change during the study, and body weight remained stable. Constipation was the main side effect, and two patients dropped out of the study because of cholestyramine intolerance., CONCLUSIONS: In carefully selected male patients with NIDDM and high LDL cholesterol and normal triglyceride levels, cholestyramine therapy effectively reduces LDL levels and also may improve glycemic control. The long-term efficacy of cholestyramine therapy in patients with NIDDM needs further evaluation.
Efficacy and safety of fluvastatin in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and hyperlipidemia.; The purpose of this study was to investigate the triglyceride-lowering effect of fluvastatin, a new 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase inhibitor, in the combined hyperlipidemia of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). In this double-blind trial, 66 patients with NIDDM (24 men and 42 women, age 37-71), with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels of 130-300 mg/dL (3.4-7.8 mmol/L) and triglyceride (TG) levels of 200-1,000 mg/dL (2.3-11.3 mmol/L) despite an 8-week period of diet modification, were randomized to receive either fluvastatin at 20 mg once daily (at night) or placebo for 6 weeks, followed by an increase of fluvastatin to 20 mg twice daily for an additional 6 weeks of treatment. After 12 weeks, fluvastatin decreased plasma levels of total cholesterol by 19.9% (p < 0.001), LDL-C by 24.3% (p < 0.001), TG by 15.3% (p < 0.01), very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C) by 19.7% (p < 0.001), apolipoprotein (apo) B by 21.3% (p < 0.001), and apo E by 18.1% (p < 0.05), whereas high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels were increased by 4.6% (p < 0.05). Within the intermediate-density lipoprotein cholesterol (IDL-C) fraction, a constituent analysis revealed a total cholesterol reduction of 35% (p < 0.01). Greater decreases in TG were seen in patients who had higher levels of TG at baseline. Slight increases in glycemic indices and body weight were seen in both treatment groups. The occurrence of clinical and laboratory abnormalities was similar with both active treatment and placebo, and no myositis was observed. Slight increases in aspartate (ASAT; mean 5.6 U/L at the higher dose) and alanine (ALAT; mean 5.1 U/L at the higher dose) aminotransferases were not clinically significant. In this first, parallel-group placebo-controlled trial of a reductase inhibitor in a free-living NIDDM population, fluvastatin safely improved the combined TG, VLDL-C, IDL-C, LDL-C, and HDL-C abnormalities associated with NIDDM.
A multinational study of the effects of low-dose pravastatin in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and hypercholesterolemia. Pravastatin Multinational Study Group for Diabetes.; This multinational, 16-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study evaluated the efficacy and safety of low-dose pravastatin in 325 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and hypercholesterolemia [serum total cholesterol concentrations of 5.2-7.8 mmol/l (200 to 300 mg/dl)]. Patients were randomized to receive pravastatin 10 mg or matching placebo with doubling of the dose after 8 weeks if predefined target levels for total cholesterol [(i.e., < 5.2 mmol/l (200 mg/dl) or > 15% decrease from baseline] had not been achieved. At Week 16, pravastatin-treated patients showed a 21.4% decrease in serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and a 13.5% reduction in serum total cholesterol (TC) concentrations (p < 0.001 compared with placebo). Levels of triglycerides (TG) were reduced 9.6% during pravastatin treatment (p < 0.05 compared with placebo) while high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels were increased 4.4% (p = NS). Adverse events and laboratory test abnormalities were similar among patients treated with pravastatin or placebo. Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1C) levels remained unchanged. The results of this study demonstrate that low-dose pravastatin is effective and well tolerated for lowering elevated cholesterol concentrations during short-term treatment of patients with NIDDM and hypercholesterolemia.
Efficacy and safety of fluvastatin in hyperlipidaemic patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; In this preliminary report of a 20-week trial, 66 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and hyperlipidaemia who remained eligible after an 8-week dietary stabilization phase were randomly allocated to receive 20 mg of fluvastatin or placebo once daily for 6 weeks. Fluvastatin was subsequently increased to 20 mg twice daily and administered according to the same schedule, versus placebo, for a further 6 weeks. Both dosages of fluvastatin substantially improved serum lipid profiles compared with baseline and placebo. Both dosages of fluvastatin significantly reduced low-density- and very-low-density-lipoprotein (LDL, VLDL), cholesterol and triglyceride (TG) compared with placebo, and both dosages significantly elevated high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. The ratio of LDL to HDL was also significantly decreased. Amongst the 58 patients who completed the study, there was no evidence either of myopathy or of hepatotoxicity; mean creatine kinase values remained stable in the fluvastatin arm. Fasting glucose, glycosylated haemoglobin, and fructosamine levels were not markedly affected by active treatment. No serious adverse events attributable to the drug were reported. In conclusion, both dosages of fluvastatin appear to be effective and safe in the management of hyperlipidaemia in this outpatient, maturity-onset, diabetic population.
Primary prevention of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is one of the most prevalent chronic conditions worldwide. Despite an important role of genetic factors, NIDDM can be viewed as a largely preventable disease. In this article, the current epidemiologic evidence on potentially modifiable determinants of NIDDM is reviewed, including obesity, body fat distribution, physical activity, and dietary factors. Cigarette smoking, parity, and exogenous hormone use are also addressed. Achievable reductions in the risk of NIDDM by favorably altering the modifiable determinants of NIDDM were estimated to be 50%-75% for obesity and 30%-50% for physical activity. Inconsistent results have been observed between specific dietary factors, including saturated fat, sugar, and fiber intake. Data are currently insufficient to provide a reliable estimate of the influence of diet in the prevention of NIDDM. No randomized clinical trial data are available to prove conclusively the benefits of favorable modifications of body weight, body fat distribution, physical activity, and diet on the risk of NIDDM. An extension of research activities to include randomized trials of primary prevention strategies, as well as further observational, clinical, and laboratory research, is needed and strongly recommended.
Effects of varying carbohydrate content of diet in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To study effects of variation in carbohydrate content of diet on glycemia and plasma lipoproteins in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., DESIGN: A four-center randomized crossover trial., SETTING: Outpatient and inpatient evaluation in metabolic units., PATIENTS: Forty-two NIDDM patients receiving glipizide therapy., INTERVENTIONS: A high-carbohydrate diet containing 55% of the total energy as carbohydrates and 30% as fats was compared with a high-monounsaturated-fat diet containing 40% carbohydrates and 45% fats. The amounts of saturated fats, polyunsaturated fats, cholesterol, sucrose, and protein were similar. The study diets, prepared in metabolic kitchens, were provided as the sole nutrients to subjects for 6 weeks each. To assess longer-term effects, a subgroup of 21 patients continued the diet they received second for an additional 8 weeks., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Fasting plasma glucose, insulin, lipoproteins, and glycosylated hemoglobin concentrations. Twenty-four-hour profiles of glucose, insulin, and triglyceride levels., RESULTS: The site of study as well as the diet order did not affect the results. Compared with the high-monounsaturated-fat diet, the high-carbohydrate diet increased fasting plasma triglyceride levels and very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels by 24% (P < .0001) and 23% (P = .0001), respectively, and increased daylong plasma triglyceride, glucose, and insulin values by 10% (P = .03), 12% (P < .0001), and 9% (P = .02), respectively. Plasma total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels remained unchanged. The effects of both diets on plasma glucose, insulin, and triglyceride levels persisted for 14 weeks., CONCLUSIONS: In NIDDM patients, high-carbohydrate diets compared with high-monounsaturated-fat diets caused persistent deterioration of glycemic control and accentuation of hyperinsulinemia, as well as increased plasma triglyceride and very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, which may not be desirable.
A risk-benefit appraisal of acarbose in the management of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Acarbose is an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor proposed for the treatment of diabetic patients. It acts by competitively inhibiting the alpha-glucosidases in the intestinal brush border. The principal action of these enzymes is to convert nonabsorbable dietary starch and sucrose into absorbable monosaccharides (e.g. glucose). Enzyme inhibitors delay this conversion, slowing the formation and consequently the absorption of monosaccharides, and thus reducing the concentration of postprandial blood glucose. Both starch and sucrose are influenced, whereas lactose and glucose are not. Many studies in experimental animals, healthy volunteers and patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) have shown that acarbose decreases postprandial blood glucose, with a lesser reduction of fasting blood glucose, plasma triglycerides and postprandial insulin levels. In long term studies in NIDDM patients, acarbose significantly reduced glycosylated haemoglobin levels. Acarbose is only minimally absorbed from the gut and no systemic adverse effects have been demonstrated after long term administration. The drug allows undigested carbohydrates to pass into the large bowel where they are fermented causing flatulence, bloating and diarrhoea. These symptoms, which occur in approximately 30 to 60% of patients, tend to decrease with time and seem to be dose-dependent. They are minimised by starting therapy with low doses (such as 50mg 3 times daily) which may be effective in many patients. An increase in serum hepatic transaminases observed in earlier studies in the US, where doses of acarbose up to 900mg daily were used, has been not reported with the lower doses of the drug actually recommended [150 to 300mg (up to 600mg) daily]. In conclusion, acarbose may be useful in patients with NIDDM when diet alone is no longer able to maintain satisfactory blood glucose control. Furthermore, it may be a valid alternative to sulphonylurea or biguanide therapy when these drugs are contraindicated and insulin administration may be delayed. Acarbose seems also to be a useful adjunct to hypoglycaemic oral agents but its precise role in this field has not been fully clarified.
Dietary substitution of medium chain triglycerides in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in an ambulatory setting: impact on glycemic control and insulin-mediated glucose metabolism.; OBJECTIVE: We have previously shown in an acute inpatient setting that dietary substitution of 77.5% of fat kcal as medium chain triglycerides (MCT) increased insulin-mediated glucose metabolism in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and that this effect appeared to be mediated by increases in insulin-mediated glucose disposal. The purpose of this study was to test the application of dietary substitution of medium chain triglycerides as an adjunctive tool in ambulatory therapy of NIDDM., METHODS: Five subjects with NIDDM underwent a baseline 6 hour insulin/glucose euglycemic clamp study, with simultaneous 3H-glucose infusion for calculation of glucose disposal rate and hepatic glucose output. Subjects were then randomized to begin one of two 30-day experimental diets, with long chain (LCT) or medium chain triglycerides (MCT), and subsequent crossover to the other diet. A 6 hour euglycemic clamp was repeated after each diet phase., RESULTS: Diet records and urinary organic acid excretion indicated a high level of dietary compliance by the study participants. Postprandial blood glucose excursions were less after one month on the diet with MCT than after the LCT diet (p = 0.004). However, fasting serum glucose, serum fructosamine (a measure of glycemia), fasting insulin, hepatic glucose output, and insulin-mediated glucose metabolism were not improved by the dietary substitution of MCT., CONCLUSION: These data indicate that supplementation of a tolerable amount of MCT in a conventional diabetic exchange diet has little impact on glycemic control in subjects with NIDDM in an ambulatory setting.
Acarbose for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Acarbose (Glucobay-Bayer) is the first in a new class of oral antidiabetic drugs, the alpha-glucosidase inhibitors. It is licensed for the treatment of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), either as first-line therapy when dietary measures are insufficient, or as an adjunct to conventional oral therapy where glycaemic control is suboptimal. The manufacturer claims that acarbose "can achieve a new level of blood glucose control in diabetes". In this article we consider whether acarbose offers any real advance.
The molecular biology of glucose transport: relevance to insulin resistance and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The structure of the glucose transporter and the characteristics of the identified members of the facilitative glucose transporter gene family (GLUT1-5) are reviewed. The role of glucose transport in insulin resistance and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is discussed. The potential contributions of genetic mutation and disruption of short- or long-term regulation of glucose transporters, particularly GLUT4, in insulin-sensitive tissues to the etiology of NIDDM are examined.
The management of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the elderly.; More than 8 million Americans are afflicted with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), a complex disease process characterized by insulin resistance and impaired insulin secretion. Diet and exercise continue to be the cornerstones of treatment. Most patients, however, require the addition of an oral sulfonylurea agent to achieve adequate glucose control. The second-generation sulfonylureas, glyburide and glipizide, are effective at lower doses and may have fewer adverse effects and drug interactions than the older, first-generation agents. For these reasons the second-generation sulfonylureas are preferred. Insulin therapy is required in patients with hyperosmolar state, infection, or other forms of stress, or in those who fail to respond to treatment with oral sulfonylurea. Some patients may benefit from the concurrent administration of insulin and an oral agent. Hypoglycemia is the greatest risk of drug therapy in elderly patients with NIDDM. This is especially true in elderly patients who are exquisitely sensitive to the effects of sulfonylureas and insulin. Treatment should, therefore, be initiated at very low doses and gradually adjusted.
Impact of intensified dietary therapy on energy and nutrient intakes and fatty acid composition of serum lipids in patients with recently diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Compliance with dietary recommendations and the effect of intensified dietary therapy on energy and nutrient intakes and fatty acid composition of serum lipids were studied in 86 obese subjects (aged 40 to 64 years) with recently diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). After three months of basic education, the subjects were randomly separated into an intervention group (n = 40) and a conventional treatment group (n = 46). Members of the intervention group participated in 12 months of intensified education; those in the conventional group visited local health centers. Compliance with dietary instructions was monitored through food records. Intensified dietary therapy resulted in greater weight loss, better metabolic control, and a less atherogenic lipid profile than conventional treatment. Intake of energy and saturated fatty acids tended to decline in the intervention group. A higher percentage of patients in the intervention group had a total fat intake of 30% of energy or less after 15 months (32.5% [12 of 38] vs 17.4% [8 of 46]). Similarly, more patients in the intervention group had a saturated fatty acid intake of 10% or less of total energy intake at the end of the study (35.0% [13 of 38] vs 8.7% [4 of 46]). The mean dietary cholesterol intake was within recommendations in both groups at the end of the study. The relative percentage of linoleic acid of serum lipids increased significantly and the relative percentage of palmitic acid of serum triglycerides, phospholipids, and cholesterol esters decreased in the intervention group. These changes indicate that intensified dietary therapy improved the quality of fat in the diet of patients with NIDDM.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Mexico.; Previous experience throughout the world has suggested that certain populations have a genetic predisposition to the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in response to a changing environment. In particular, Native American admixture presents a genetic risk for NIDDM and modernization represents an environmental change which amplifies the risk. This review discusses these factors with respect to the situation in Mexico, where a significant portion of the population is Native American and industrialization is producing rapid environmental changes. Perhaps, with foresight, the epidemic of NIDDM which has struck Native Americans in the United States and indigenous groups in the South Pacific may be averted in Mexico. Specific aspects of the traditional Mexican lifestyle which could be retained to protect against NIDDM are presented.
Comparison of nitrendipine and cilazapril in patients with hypertension and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The metabolic and cardiovascular effects of nitrendipine and cilazapril in patients who have elevated blood pressure and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were compared. After at least 6 weeks of a washout period, 20 NIDDM patients who had diastolic blood pressure in the range of 90-105 mm Hg received a single-blind placebo for 4 weeks and then were randomized to receive 20 mg nitrendipine once daily and 5 mg cilazapril once daily each for 12 weeks according to a crossover, double-blind procedure. Nitrendipine and cilazapril reduced diastolic blood pressure levels 12% and 13%, left ventricular mass index (LVMI) levels 13% and 12%, and raised whole glucose disposal levels 18% and 19.5%, respectively. Only nitrendipine reduced glucose-stimulated insulin levels. Nitrendipine is as effective as cilazapril in lowering diastolic blood pressure and LVMI levels and in increasing glucose disposal levels in these patients.
Effect of cilazapril on glucose tolerance and lipid profile in hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Hypertension frequently complicates diabetes mellitus and is associated with an increased incidence of cardiovascular and microvascular complications. Angiotensin-I converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors are effective antihypertensive agents and it has been suggested that they may improve glucose tolerance. We performed a double-blind, randomized study comparing treatment for 8 weeks with cilazapril, a new ACE inhibitor, or placebo on metabolic variables in 22 hypertensive non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. At week 8 no significant changes in fasting plasma glucose, fasting plasma insulin, haemoglobin A1 and plasma lipids had occurred. The areas under the glucose [placebo (mean +/- SD): 10.7 +/- 3.27 and 10.6 +/- 2.53; cilazapril: 11.9 +/- 3.23 and 12.1 +/- 2.9 mmol/l per 180 min at 0 and 8 weeks, respectively] and insulin curve [placebo (median and range): 47.4 (31.4-165.1) and 65.3 (16.8-190.8); cilazapril: 51.1 (23.8-132.0) and 57.6 (29.0-150.1) mU/l per 180 min at 0 and 8 weeks, respectively] after a standardized oral liquid test meal were unaltered. A significant decrease in mean arterial blood pressure was observed after cilazapril (122 +/- 8.6 and 106 +/- 8.3 mmHg at 0 and 8 weeks, respectively), in contrast to placebo (122 +/- 6.7 and 120 +/- 6.9 mmHg at 0 and 8 weeks, respectively). In conclusion, cilazapril does not affect metabolic control in hypertensive NIDDM patients, whereas it effectively reduces blood pressure.
In vivo metabolic defects in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; In patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) alterations in insulin secretion and insulin action coexist, and create and sustain hyperglycaemia, which results from an imbalance between glucose production and glucose utilization. The target organs for insulin action are the liver (restriction of glucose production), the muscle (acceleration of glucose disposal) and the adipose tissue (inhibition of free fatty acid mobilization). In NIDDM, the liver produces an inordinate amount of glucose, secondary to an acceleration of gluconeogenesis, and is insensitive to the inhibitory action of insulin on glucose production. In NIDDM, skeletal muscle takes up less glucose in response to hyperinsulinaemia. Adipose tissue mobilizes a larger amount of free fatty acid, thereby possibly enhancing glucose production in the liver (Randle's cycle of metabolic competition between free fatty acids and glucose). Thus, the in vivo assessment of insulin action in NIDDM reveals a web of possibly interrelated metabolic defects, which in association with impaired insulin secretion cause a permanent, profound disruption of glucose homoeostasis.
Diabetes control in the elderly: a randomized, comparative study of glyburide versus glipizide in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; This study sought to compare the efficacy and safety of glyburide and glipizide in elderly patients with well-controlled non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). One hundred forty-five patients aged > or = 65 years with NIDDM that was controlled for at least 3 months with oral sulfonylurea therapy were enrolled. After a washout phase, 139 patients were randomized to receive glyburide, 1.25 or 2.5 mg/day, or glipizide, 2.5 or 5 mg/day. During a 4- to 8-week titration phase, doses were adjusted according to prescribing guidelines. Patients who achieved glycemic control (fasting plasma glucose of < or = 8.9 mmol/L, or 160 mg/dl, on two consecutive occasions) entered a maintenance phase, for a total treatment period of 4 months. Hypoglycemia was defined as a fasting plasma glucose of < 3.3 mmol/L (60 mg/dl) or a random plasma glucose of < 2.8 mmol/L (50 mg/dl), with associated signs and symptoms. Most patients in both the glyburide and glipizide groups achieved satisfactory glycemic control; there were no significant differences between groups in fasting plasma glucose or hemoglobin A1c levels at any time. Of note, the mean dose of glyburide (8.5 mg/day) was approximately half that of glipizide (15.4 mg/day) at the end of the maintenance period (P = 0.009). Both regimens were well tolerated and were associated with a similarly low incidence of hypoglycemia. It was concluded that both glyburide and glipizide are suitable for the treatment of NIDDM in properly selected elderly patients.
Gliclazide. An update of its pharmacological properties and therapeutic efficacy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Gliclazide is a second generation sulphonylurea oral hypoglycaemic agent used in the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It improves defective insulin secretion and may reverse insulin resistance observed in patients with NIDDM. These actions are reflected in a reduction in blood glucose levels which is maintained during both short and long term administration, and is comparable with that achieved by other sulphonylurea agents. Gradually accumulating evidence suggests that gliclazide may be useful in patients with diabetic retinopathy, due to its haemobiological actions, and that addition of gliclazide to insulin therapy enables insulin dosage to be reduced. Thus, gliclazide is an effective agent for the treatment of the metabolic defects associated with NIDDM and may have the added advantage of potentially slowing the progression of diabetic retinopathy. These actions, together with its good general tolerability and low incidence of hypoglycaemia have allowed gliclazide to be well placed within the array of oral hypoglycaemic agents available for the control of NIDDM.
C-peptide profiles in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus before and during insulin treatment.; The objective of the study was to evaluate the effect of insulin treatment on insulin secretion in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Ten patients with NIDDM were first investigated while still taking oral hypoglycemic agents, and then randomized to a crossover study with two eight-week periods of insulin treatment (oral treatment having been stopped) given either as mainly intermediate-acting insulin twice daily (2-dose) or as preprandial regular insulin and intermediate-acting insulin at bedtime (4-dose). In the patients treated with oral agents the 24-h C-peptide area under the curve was similar to that in the controls, but the profile was different with a rise at breakfast but with almost absent meal peaks during the rest of the day. Insulin treatment improved glycemic control markedly, lowered urinary C-peptide excretion and the serum C-peptide concentrations being reduced by more than 50%. The shape of the C-peptide profiles was unaltered and there were no significant differences between the two insulin regimens. The decrease in serum C-peptide concentration during insulin treatment correlated with the change in blood glucose. Fasting serum C-peptide concentrations correlated closely with the 24-h C-peptide area under the curve. In conclusion, insulin treatment of NIDDM patients with secondary failure to oral agents greatly reduces the insulin secretion, probably owing to the reduction in blood glucose.
Hypertension and the development of complications in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in Japan.; Hypertension is a very frequent condition in individuals with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in Japan and has affected the occurrence of late diabetic complications, especially stroke and nephropathy. Despite similar characteristics of hypertension among Japanese and white patients, the effect of hypertension on the development of coronary artery disease (CAD) in these two populations is strikingly different. In white NIDDM patients, hypertension is one of the major risk factors for the development of CAD. However, CAD is an infrequent complication in NIDDM patients in Japan, even though they have hypertension, lipid abnormalities, and renal complications.
Effect of insulin on serum amino-terminal propeptide of type III procollagen in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The effect of insulin on the serum levels of the amino-terminal propeptide of type III procollagen (PIIINP) was investigated in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, whose disease was unsatisfactorily controlled by oral drugs. Before insulin therapy the PIIINP values of the patients (3.2 +/- 1.3 micrograms/l, n = 38) varied within the range of healthy subjects (3.1 +/- 0.6 micrograms/l, n = 50, NS). Insulin therapy (6-20 IU at bedtime plus the oral drugs) improved the glycemic control and increased the serum PIIINP during a 4 week (3.1 +/- 0.9 to 3.8 +/- 1.1 micrograms/l, P less than 0.01, n = 8) and an 8 week period (3.2 +/- 1.3 to 3.8 +/- 1.6 micrograms/l, P less than 0.001, n = 22). The values were still elevated after 6 months on insulin (3.5 +/- 1.5 to 4.0 +/- 1.7 micrograms/l, P less than 0.01, n = 12). Placebo-insulin did not alter the concentration of PIIINP (3.1 +/- 0.6 to 2.8 +/- 0.6 micrograms/l, NS, n = 8) whereas the glycemic control improved and body weight decreased. The PIIINP values correlated with fasting insulin before (r = 0.403, P less than 0.05, n = 30) and after the therapy (r = 0.452, P less than 0.001, n = 60). Insulin therapy, while correcting the hormone deficiency and restoring glucose and protein metabolism, seems to activate the synthesis of type III procollagen in patients with NIDDM. This may promote the atherosclerotic process.
Pathogenesis of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the black population of southern Africa.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is an important health problem in the black population of southern Africa. Whether the primary cause of NIDDM is insulin secretory dysfunction or peripheral insulin resistance is unknown. In westernised populations it is believed that insulin resistance and hyperinsulinaemia occur in the early stages of disease, followed later by progressive impairment of insulin secretion. However, we suggest that in the southern African black population a decrease in the mass of functioning beta cells is an important event, making these people vulnerable to the deleterious effects of insulin resistance induced by obesity and other factors. These abnormalities are, in turn, associated with insulin receptor down-regulation. An accelerated decline in beta-cell function then follows in susceptible individuals, ultimately producing striking insulinopenia. Insulinopenic NIDDM in black southern Africans may partly explain why this population has a comparatively low incidence of macrovascular complications and also predicts a short-lived therapeutic response to oral sulphonylureas in most patients.
Effect of tocopherol on platelet aggregation in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: ex vivo and in vitro studies.; Tocopherol has been shown to have antiplatelet effects in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. However, its antiplatelet effect in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) remains to be established. In this report, the antiplatelet effect of tocopherol was assessed in a randomized, double-blind and crossover study of 15 NIDDM subjects. Each subject received tocopherol (dl-alpha-tocopherol nicotinate, 200 mg, tid) and a placebo for two six-week treatment periods separated by a three-week period in between for wash-out. The mechanisms of the antiplatelet effect of tocopherol were also studied in vitro. A significant decrease in platelet reactivity was observed after tocopherol treatment as compared with the pretest, and the magnitude of the decrease during tocopherol treatment was significantly evident when compared with that of the placebo treatment, as assessed by collagen (5, 10 micrograms/mL)-induced platelet aggregation of whole blood. A dose-dependent reduction in both ADP-and collagen-induced platelet aggregation was observed with tocopherol from 0.1 to 3.0 mM in vitro. No corresponding changes in ATP secretion and thromboxane synthesis were observed. Tocopherol also significantly inhibited fibrinogen-induced aggregation of elastase-treated platelets at a concentration of 0.1 mM. We demonstrated that platelet aggregation of whole blood ex vivo, among 15 NIDDM subjects was suppressed in tocopherol treatment, so tocopherol may have an antiplatelet effect in NIDDM subjects. The inhibitory effect of the platelet aggregation of tocopherol may be partially accomplished through interference with fibrinogen binding towards its receptor.
Effects of manidipine and delapril on glucose and lipid metabolism in hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Effects of manidipine, a new calcium antagonist, and delapril, an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor, on glucose and lipid metabolism were investigated in mild to moderate hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The patients were treated with either manidipine 10 mg/day (n = 12, mean age 63 +/- 2 years) or delapril 30 mg/day (n = 8, 62 +/- 3 years) for 12 weeks. Glucose and insulin (IRI) responses to 75 g oral glucose load, glycosylated hemoglobin A1c (Hb A1c), serum levels of total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, triglyceride and apolipoproteins, and 24 h urinary excretion of C-peptide were measured before and at the end of treatment. Both manidipine and delapril showed adequate hypotensive effects. Neither manidipine nor delapril affected blood glucose and IRI responses to glucose load. Manidipine showed no effect on lipids whereas delapril increased HDL cholesterol (47 +/- 5 mg/dL to 61 +/- 7, p < 0.05), although total cholesterol and triglyceride were not altered. The ratio of TC-HDL cholesterol/HDL cholesterol was decreased by delapril (3.44 +/- 0.30 to 2.61 +/- 0.45, p < 0.05). There were no significant changes in apolipoproteins. Both manidipine and delapril have adequate antihypertensive actions without unfavorable effects on glucose and lipid metabolism in hypertensive patients with NIDDM. Delapril seems to have a beneficial effect on lipid metabolism.
Comparative efficacy of metformin and glibenclamide in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Metformin and glibenclamide were compared in a randomized, double-blind trial in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) using a parallel group design. The study was performed in primary health care, and the main purpose was to assess combination therapy with the two drugs as primary treatment versus conventional oral therapy. After a 2 months diet period patients were randomized to commence treatment with either metformin, glibenclamide or the combination of both. Patients randomized to monotherapy received the alternative drug in addition if the maximal dose i.e. 3 g metformin or 14 mg glibenclamide was insufficient to normalize the fasting blood glucose concentration (FBG). Randomization and dose escalation occurred at FBG greater than or equal to 6.7 mmol/l. The titrated dose was continued for 6 months, whereafter placebo was given for 2 weeks. Seventy-two patients were randomized to either the metformin group (n = 38) or the glibenclamide group (n = 34). Fifty-six completed 6 months treatment, twenty-eight in each randomized group. Glycaemic control was unchanged after diet alone in all groups. The improvement during drug treatment was highly significant (p less than 0.001), mean FBG difference (+/- SEM) 3.2 +/- 0.4 mmol/l and mean HbA1c difference (+/- SEM) 1.5 +/- 0.2% (n = 56). There were no significant differences between patients treated solely with metformin (n = 16) and glibenclamide (n = 17) or between patients treated with a combination of glibenclamide added to metformin (n = 12) and metformin added to glibenclamide (n = 11). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Effects of metformin and glibenclamide alone and in combination on serum lipids and lipoproteins in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Metformin, glibenclamide and their combination were compared in a randomized, double-blind trial in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) using a parallel group design. The study was performed in primary health care, and the purpose was to assess possible synergistic effects of combination therapy with the two drugs as primary treatment versus conventional oral therapy, starting with one drug and adding the other, if necessary. Lipids and lipoproteins were measured in the study, and preliminary results are reported for one hundred sixteen patients concluding 6 months maintenance therapy. Comparison of mean differences showed that patients randomized to combination therapy (n = 60) demonstrated a greater decrease in total- and LDL-cholesterol levels after 4 and 6 months treatment than patients randomized to conventional therapy starting with either metformin (n = 28) or glibenclamide (n = 28). For LDL-cholesterol a significant difference was also found between patients solely on monotherapy with lower values after treatment with metformin. Triglycerides did not change significantly, and only minor fluctuations were seen in HDL-cholesterol, independent of treatment. Obese patients had significantly higher triglyceride concentrations than the non-obese group, both at baseline and after treatment, as well as significantly lower HDL-cholesterol levels. The mean triglyceride concentration (+/- SD) after 6 months treatment was 2.32 +/- 1.38 mmol/l in the obese group (n = 69) and 1.54 +/- 0.84 mmol/l in non-obese (n = 47). For HDL-cholesterol the corresponding values were 0.83 +/- 0.23 mmol/l in obese and 0.93 +/- 0.29 mmol/l in non-obese patients.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Hyperinsulinaemia is a predictor of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Most incidence studies indicate that baseline plasma glucose, either fasting or post-glucose load, is the best predictor of progression to non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)--the higher the level, the higher the risk. Elevated serum insulin concentrations in the presence of normal fasting plasma glucose levels reflect the presence of insulin resistance and they have also been shown to predict deterioration to NIDDM in a number of populations. Hyperinsulinaemia is a notable characteristic of populations with a high prevalence of NIDDM such as Micronesian Nauruans, American Pima Indians, Mexican-Americans and Asian Indians. In Nauruans and Pima subjects with normal glucose tolerance, those with higher post-load (2-hour) serum insulin at baseline were more likely to progress to either impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or NIDDM. Conversely, amongst subjects with IGT, progression to NIDDM was predicted by lower (but still high relative to normal) baseline insulin responsiveness. Similar results for subjects with IGT have been described in Japanese. It appears from longitudinal studies that baseline insulin and glucose levels explain much of the association of obesity with risk of NIDDM. It remains to be resolved whether obesity itself may be a manifestation of an underlying defect (such as primary hyperinsulinaemia) which leads to both obesity and NIDDM. The possible sequence of events for the development of NIDDM includes a genetic defect resulting in hyperinsulinaemia and/or insulin resistance and leading ultimately to secondary pancreatic exhaustion with an insulin secretory defect which may also be genetically determined or the result of glucotoxicity.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Comparison of captopril and enalapril in the treatment of hypertension in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and nephropathy.; Eighteen patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), hypertension and nephropathy were randomized to receive captopril or enalapril for 6 months. Two patients with serum creatinine of greater than 400 mumol/l had to be excluded from the study because of rapidly deteriorating renal function after starting treatment. Of the remaining patients, 7 received captopril and 9 received enalapril. Blood pressure control was achieved in about 50% of patients with either drug alone. Serum creatinine and creatinine clearance were unchanged in both groups but there was a greater tendency for the former to increase in patients with higher pretreatment values. Proteinuria was reduced at 1 month only in the enalapril group which also showed a significant elevation of serum potassium after treatment. Captopril and enalapril have only a modest antihypertensive action in patients with NIDDM and nephropathy. Their use in patients with renal insufficiency must be balanced against the risk of further aggravating the deterioration of renal function.
Effect of low fat-high carbohydrate diets in hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Effects of variations in dietary fat and carbohydrate content on various aspects of glucose, insulin, and lipoprotein metabolism were evaluated in 11 patients with hypertension, who also had non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). All of these patients were being treated with sulfonylureas, thiazides, and beta-adrenergic receptor antagonists. The comparison diets contained either 40 or 60% of total calories as carbohydrate, with reciprocal changes in fat content from 40 to 20%. The diets were consumed in a random order for 15 days in a crossover experimental design. The ratio of polyunsaturated to saturated fat and total cholesterol intake were held constant in the two diets. Plasma glucose and insulin concentrations were significantly (P less than .001) elevated throughout the day when patients consumed the 60% carbohydrate diet. Fasting plasma total and very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) and triglyceride (TG) concentrations increased by 30% (P less than .001) after 15 days on the 60% carbohydrate diet. Total plasma cholesterol concentrations were similar on both diets, as were low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol concentrations.
[Diet and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: historic and current perspectives].; A great majority of patients suffering non insulin dependent dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) can be efficiently controlled with diet, not requiring oral antidiabetic drugs or insulin. The main objective, given the tight relationship between obesity and this type of diabetes, is to decrease caloric intake as well as reducing the amount of saturated fats from the diet in an attempt to delay the onset of cardiovascular manifestations of the disease. Accumulated experience suggests that an increase in carbohydrate intake (60% of the diet) most of which should be food rich in fiber should be recommended given the proven efficacy in improving the control of in blood sugar and lipids. We advocate on the consumption of dry vegetables, and we think that this different attitude in their use is of major importance in NIDDM.
Effect of different insulin regimens on plasma lipoprotein and apolipoprotein concentrations in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The effect of insulin treatment with 2 different insulin regimens on the plasma concentrations of lipoproteins and apolipoproteins A1 and B was studied in 10 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and secondary failure to oral hypoglycaemic agents. The investigation was performed as a randomized crossover study with treatment periods of 8 weeks. Insulin was given either as mainly intermediate acting insulin before breakfast and dinner (2-dose insulin) or as regular insulin preprandially with intermediate acting insulin at bedtime (4-dose insulin). A similar improvement in glycaemic control was obtained with both insulin regimens. On treatment with oral agents the patients were found to have higher total plasma triglycerides and lower plasma high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol than a matched non-diabetic control group. Insulin treatment almost completely normalized these lipid disturbances by reducing mean total plasma triglycerides with 36% and increasing plasma HDL cholesterol with 20% on 2-dose and 17% on 4-dose. The triglyceride concentration in the very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) fraction was reduced. Mean plasma low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol was not affected by any treatment. There was an increase of similar magnitude in both HDL2 and HDL3 concentrations but only the change in the HDL3 subfraction was statistically significant. Mean plasma apolipoprotein A1 concentration increased with 9% (P less than 0.05) while there was no significant change in the plasma apolipoprotein B concentration. The changes in the plasma concentrations of lipoproteins and apolipoproteins A1 and B were almost identical on 2- and 4-dose insulin.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Effect of bezafibrate on metabolic profiles in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is characterized by hyperglycemia secondary to increased hepatic glucose output and impaired extrahepatic insulin sensitivity. Many NIDDM patients also have raised serum triglyceride and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels, which may require drug therapy, as well as increased plasma nonesterified fatty acid concentrations. Some hypolipidemic agents such as bezafibrate lower fatty acid levels as well as LDL cholesterol and triglycerides. It has been suggested that raised fatty acid levels may be responsible in part for the increased hepatic glucose output and insulin insensitivity of NIDDM. Several groups have therefore sought to examine the effects of fibrates on glycemic control in NIDDM. In our own studies, we used bezafibrate (200 mg t.i.d.) in a double-blind, placebo-controlled design for 3 months. Fasting blood glucose, serum insulin, C-peptide, plasma nonesterified fatty acids, blood lactate and alanine, serum triglycerides, and LDL cholesterol were all lowered. HbA1 showed no significant change. Meal hormone and metabolite profiles were all improved although this reflected mainly the lower premeal values. The results of our and other studies are sufficiently encouraging to suggest that bezafibrate could provide alternative first-line drug therapy in hyperlipidemic NIDDM patients when diet alone has failed.
Hypertension in diabetic patients and differences between insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; In insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), BP levels in subjects with normal or only mildly increased levels of albumin excretion do not differ systematically from those in non-diabetic reference populations. However, it is not known whether increased albuminuria and raised blood pressure are causally related. Several studies have observed higher average BP levels in glucose-intolerant subjects, even allowing for effects of age and adiposity. This applies to subjects with glucose intolerance below and above the World Health Organization criteria for diagnosing non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). However, there are very few satisfactory studies comparing established patients with NIDDM with appropriate reference populations, and although it is widely believed that high BP (or hypertension) is a feature of NIDDM, the evidence for this belief is scant.
Lovastatin for lowering cholesterol levels in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Coronary heart disease is an important cause of death in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and is particularly common in diabetic populations that have relatively high levels of plasma cholesterol. To determine whether plasma cholesterol levels in patients with NIDDM could be reduced by drug therapy, we assessed the effect of lovastatin, a potent inhibitor of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase, in a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled manner in 16 white patients with NIDDM and mild to moderate elevations of plasma cholesterol. Lovastatin (20 mg twice daily) or a placebo was given for four weeks, during which blood glucose concentrations remained controlled. As compared with the placebo, lovastatin reduced total cholesterol by 26 percent, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol by 28 percent, and LDL apolipoprotein B by 26 percent. Lovastatin therapy also reduced plasma triglycerides and very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol by 31 percent and 42 percent, respectively. Although there was no change in the plasma level of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, the ratio of total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol fell by 29 percent. No side effects or abnormalities in serum values were noted during short-term lovastatin therapy. The beneficial effects of lovastatin on plasma lipid levels in patients with NIDDM could decrease the risk of the development of coronary heart disease.
Nephropathy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; End-stage renal disease develops in about 5 percent of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The large majority of diabetic patients have this form of the disease. Thus, end-stage renal disease is an important clinical problem in patients with NIDDM. Moreover, hypertension and its macrovascular sequelae are significant problems in patients with NIDDM and may be linked with renal disease. A review of the problem of nephropathy in NIDDM is attempted, pointing out, where data are available, the clinical and pathophysiologic differences from its presentation in insulin-dependent diabetes. The need for further studies of the impact of renal disease in this maturity onset form of diabetes is emphasized.
Treatment of dyslipidemia in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with lovastatin.; Coronary artery disease (CAD) is the leading cause of death among whites with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Several risk factors--dyslipidemia induced by NIDDM, obesity, hypertension and hyperglycemia--likely contribute to accelerated atherosclerosis. The dyslipidemia in NIDDM is characterized by abnormalities in composition and metabolism of very low density lipoproteins, low-density lipoproteins (LDL) and high-density lipoproteins (HDL). However, because of the lack of long-term prospective epidemiologic studies, the relative importance of lipoprotein risk factors in the causation of CAD in diabetic patients is not clear. The World Health Organization Multinational Study of vascular disease in diabetics observed increased prevalence of CAD in diabetic populations with relatively high levels of plasma cholesterol and supports the concept that lowering cholesterol levels may significantly reduce coronary risk in NIDDM. To determine the effectiveness of lovastatin, an inhibitor of HMG CoA reductase, for lowering cholesterol levels, 16 patients with NIDDM and mild to moderate increases in plasma cholesterol were given lovastatin (20 mg twice daily) in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled manner for 4 weeks. Compared with the placebo, lovastatin reduced concentrations of total cholesterol (233 +/- 10 vs 172 +/- 7 mg/dl [standard error of the mean], p less than 0.001), LDL cholesterol (140 +/- 9 vs 101 +/- 6 mg/dl, p less than 0.001), and LDL apolipoprotein-B (108 +/- 16 vs 80 +/- 16 mg/dl, p less than 0.001). Plasma triglycerides and very low density lipoprotein cholesterol levels also decreased by 31 and 42%, respectively. Although HDL cholesterol levels did not increase, the total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio decreased significantly with lovastatin therapy. No adverse effects were noted and glycemic control was well-maintained.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Comparison of a high-carbohydrate diet with a high-monounsaturated-fat diet in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We compared a high-carbohydrate diet with a high-fat diet (specifically, a diet high in monounsaturated fatty acids) for effects on glycemic control and plasma lipoproteins in 10 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) receiving insulin therapy. The patients were randomly assigned to receive first one diet and then the other, each for 28 days, in a metabolic ward. In the high-carbohydrate diet, 25 percent of the energy was in the form of fat and 60 percent in the form of carbohydrates (47 percent of the total energy was in the form of complex carbohydrates); the high-monounsaturated-fat diet was 50 percent fat (33 percent of the total energy in the form of monounsaturated fatty acids) and 35 percent carbohydrates. The two diets had the same amounts of simple carbohydrates and fiber. As compared with the high-carbohydrate diet, the high-monounsaturated-fat diet resulted in lower mean plasma glucose levels and reduced insulin requirements, lower levels of plasma triglycerides and very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (lower by 25 and 35 percent, respectively; P less than 0.01), and higher levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (higher by 13 percent; P less than 0.005). Levels of total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol did not differ significantly in patients on the two diets. These preliminary results suggest that partial replacement of complex carbohydrates with monounsaturated fatty acids in the diets of patients with NIDDM does not increase the level of LDL cholesterol and may improve glycemic control and the levels of plasma triglycerides and HDL cholesterol.
Deleterious metabolic effects of high-carbohydrate, sucrose-containing diets in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The effects of variations in dietary carbohydrate and fat intake on various aspects of carbohydrate and lipid metabolism were studied in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Two test diets were utilized, and they were consumed in random order over two 15-day periods. One diet was low in fat and high in carbohydrate, and corresponded closely to recent recommendations made by the American Diabetes Association (ADA), containing (as percent of total calories) 20 percent protein, 20 percent fat, and 60 percent carbohydrate, with 10 percent of total calories as sucrose. The other diet contained 20 percent protein, 40 percent fat, and 40 percent carbohydrate, with sucrose accounting for 3 percent of total calories. Although plasma fasting glucose and insulin concentrations were similar with both diets, incremental glucose and insulin responses from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. were higher (p less than 0.01), and mean (+/- SEM) 24-hour urine glucose excretion was significantly greater (55 +/- 16 versus 26 +/- 4 g/24 hours p less than 0.02) in response to the low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet. In addition, fasting and postprandial triglyceride levels were increased (p less than 0.001 and p less than 0.05, respectively) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol concentrations were reduced (p less than 0.02) when patients with NIDDM ate the low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet. Finally, since low-density lipoprotein (LDL) concentrations did not change with diet, the HDL/LDL cholesterol ratio fell in response to the low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet. These results document that low-fat, high-carbohydrate diets, containing moderate amounts of sucrose, similar in composition to the recommendations of the ADA, have deleterious metabolic effects when consumed by patients with NIDDM for 15 days. Until it can be shown that these untoward effects are evanescent, and that long-term ingestion of similar diets will result in beneficial metabolic changes, it seems prudent to avoid the use of low-fat, high-carbohydrate diets containing moderate amounts of sucrose in patients with NIDDM.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the elderly. Influence of obesity and physical inactivity.; The development of hyperglycemia in the elderly is often multifactorial in etiology, and its presentation is often confounded by the advanced age of the patient, the presence of coexisting diseases and altered mental states, the absence of symptoms, and physical conditions specific to the medical care of the geriatric patient. Manifestations of macro- and microvascular complications of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) often herald the disease in the elderly, yet there is incomplete knowledge of the natural history of the disease and poor guidelines for its effective management in the geriatric population. Once NIDDM is diagnosed in the older patient, the propensity for these patients to develop atherosclerotic vascular complications involving every organ system and the socioeconomic sequela of the disease make treatment prudent. Coexisting risk factors for atherosclerosis, such as dyshypoproteinemia, hypertension, obesity, and cigarette smoking, should be treated vigorously, and poor diet, physical inactivity, and medications affecting glucose tolerance modified. Hyperglycemia resistant to nonpharmacologic therapy should be treated with second-generation oral sulfonylureas, and the judicious use of insulin is advised because of a heightened risk for the hazards of hypoglycemia in the elderly. The treatment of NIDDM has important implications in the elderly because of its prevalence and its association with other age-related pathophysiologic processes. Such effective treatment may have the potential to reduce morbidity and mortality and improve the quality of life of older people.
Effects of tolazamide and exogenous insulin on pattern of postprandial carbohydrate metabolism in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Results of randomized crossover trial.; To determine whether therapy with exogenous insulin or sulfonylureas results in a postprandial pattern of carbohydrate metabolism in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) that resembles that in nondiabetic individuals, we employed a dual-isotope technique combined with forearm catheterization to examine meal disposition in NIDDM patients, before and after 3 mo of therapy with tolazamide and after 3 mo of therapy with exogenous insulin, with a randomized crossover design. Results were compared with those observed in nondiabetic subjects. Although both forms of therapy improved chronic glycemic control (glycosylated hemoglobin concentration went from 9.6 +/- 0.7 to 7.6 +/- 0.5 and 7.1 +/- 0.2%, respectively, P less than .01), exogenous insulin resulted in a lower postprandial glycemic response than tolazamide (P less than .001). Both agents comparably increased (P less than .01) fasting and integrated postprandial insulin concentrations. However, the initial rate of postprandial increase was greater with exogenous insulin (P less than .05). Tolazamide (P less than .05) but not exogenous insulin increased postprandial C-peptide concentrations. However, tolazamide did not improve the deficient early insulin release. Both agents (P less than .05) lowered postabsorptive hepatic glucose release (from 2.8 +/- 0.3 to 2.3 +/- 0.2 mg . kg-1 . min-1), but not to normal rates (1.8 +/- 0.1 mg . kg-1 . min-1). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Achieving therapeutic goals in insulin-using diabetic patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. A weight reduction-exercise-oral agent approach.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is the most common form of diabetes in the civilized world. Its consequences include microvascular and macrovascular disease, both of which appear to evolve from a common background of obesity and physical inactivity. The current study was undertaken in obese patients with NIDDM to see whether improvements could be made in glycemic control as well as in many cardiovascular risk factors (obesity, hypertension, lipid abnormalities, and physical inactivity) that are typical of this condition. Fifteen obese insulin-using patients with NIDDM (average body mass index, 34.0) were treated with a 500-calorie formula diet for eight to 12 weeks. Administration of insulin and diuretics was discontinued at the onset of the study. A eucaloric diet was begun at eight to 12 weeks and maintained until Week 24. A behaviorally oriented nutrition-exercise program was instituted at the beginning of the study. Glipizide or placebo was added (randomized) at Week 15 if the fasting plasma glucose level in patients exceeded 115 mg/dl. Patients lost an average of 22 pounds over the course of 24 weeks. Frequency and duration of physical activity increased significantly from baseline, as did the maximal oxygen consumption rate. Glycemic control by 15 weeks (without insulin) was similar to baseline (with insulin). With the addition of glipizide at Week 15, both fasting plasma glucose and glucose tolerance improved significantly. This improvement was not observed with placebo. In addition, both systolic and diastolic blood pressure decreased by about 10 mm Hg. There were no significant changes in the levels of serum lipids or glycosylated hemoglobin. In conclusion, a multifaceted intervention program, employing weight reduction, exercise, diet, and glipizide therapy, can be instituted in insulin-using patients with NIDDM, with improvement in glycemic control and in certain risk factors (hypertension, obesity, physical inactivity) for cardiovascular disease.
The effects of variations in percent of naturally occurring complex and simple carbohydrates on plasma glucose and insulin response in individuals with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; In the present study, 12 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) consumed eucaloric, mixed food diets on three consecutive days. Diets provided 50% of the calories as carbohydrate, 35% as fat, and 15% as protein. The percent of carbohydrate fed as complex (starches) and simple (mono- and disaccharides) varied among the 3 days. On day 1, the diet contained 80% of the carbohydrate as complex and 20% as simple (80/20); another contained 50% complex and 50% simple (50/50); and the final diet contained 20% of the carbohydrate as complex and 80% as simple (20/80). All simple carbohydrates represent naturally occurring sugars in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products. No refined sugars were added to any of the diets. The three experimental diets were randomly assigned using a 3 X 3 Latin square design. Blood was obtained hourly from 0800 to 1700 h for day-long glucose and insulin concentrations, and 24-h urine collections were made for the measurement of urine glucose. Mean (+/- SEM) day-long glucose concentrations were significantly greater for the 80/20 diet (2245 +/- 199 mg/dl X h, P less than 0.05) than for either the 50/50 (2030 +/- 157 mg/dl X h) or the 20/80 diets (2008 +/- 160 mg/dl X h). No significant differences were noted between the 50/50 and the 20/80 diets. In contrast, day-long insulin concentrations were not significantly different with 401 +/- 62, 370 +/- 50, and 369 +/- 60 mu U/ml X h on the 80/20, 50/50, and 20/80 diets, respectively. Twenty-four-hour urinary glucose excretion paralleled plasma glucose concentrations.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The Value of Renal Biopsy in Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus in Singapore over the Past Two Decades.; OBJECTIVE: This study on the prevalence of diabetic nephropathy (DN) and coexistence of non-diabetic renal disease (NDRD) in a cohort of 255 non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients aims to determine the value of performing renal biopsies in these patients and elucidate the factors which could affect their progression to end-stage renal disease (ESRD)., METHODS: Among 255 NIDDM patients, 93 had DN alone, 69 had NDRD alone, and the remaining 93 had DN plus NDRD (mixed group). The indications for renal biopsy were based on clinical suspicion of superimposed NDRD, including heavy or rapidly increasing proteinuria, renal impairment even though diabetes is of relatively short duration, rapidly declining renal function, and presence of hematuria with dysmorphic red blood cells suggesting presence of glomerulonephritis., RESULTS: The following were predictors of ESRD: high systolic BP at biopsy, longer duration of diabetes, heavy proteinuria, and presence of diabetic retinopathy. Comparing patients in the NDRD group with the DN group and the mixed group, the NDRD group had lower serum creatinine and higher eGFR with lower urinary proteinuria and higher serum albumin at presentation and on follow-up. Kimmelstiel-Wilson nodules were associated with a poorer prognosis leading to a higher occurrence of ESRD among patients with DN., CONCLUSION: Renal biopsy is of value in indicating the prognosis of NIDDM patients with DN based on the diabetic lesions. For NIDDM patients with atypical course and suspicion of associated NDRD, a renal biopsy would enable us to diagnose the underlying NDRD and offer appropriate therapy. Most nephrologists would consider renal biopsy for an NIDDM patient based on clinical indications like atypical clinical course and suspicion of an associated NDRD, but they would not perform a routine renal biopsy like for a CKD patient, unless it is for a research indication. Copyright © 2020 by S. Karger AG, Basel.
Spectroscopic interactions of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with levocetirizine.; Non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) drugs such as glibenclamide and metformin is employed to heterogeneous disorder characterized by alteration in production of glucose due to impairment of both insulin secretion and insulin action. These patients might suffer with allergic rhinitis and in this case, there is a possibility to maintain patient on levocetirizine, an anti-allergic drug commonly used in rhinitis. The object of the present study is to detect possible interaction between glibenclamide or metformin with levocetirizine Current study was performed using UV spectroscopic technique sing simultaneous equation in pH simulated to gastric juice (pH 1), pH 4, pH 7.4 and in pH 9. All drugs followed Beer Lambert's Law. Results showed that glibenclamide and metformin can increase or decrease availability of levocetirizine and in the same way levocetirizine can alter availabilities of glibenclamide and metformin in different pH. Hence, drug interaction between glibenclamide or metformin with levocetirizne occurred. This may be due to his may be due to the charge transfer or binding capabilities of these drugs which resulted in significantly changed availability of NIDDIM as well as levocetirizine. Therefore, co-administration of these drugs should be avoided and furtherinvestigations at clinical and pre-clinical levels should be done.
Paraoxonase 1 gene polymorphisms concerning non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus nephropathy in hemodialysis patients.; AIMS: Data on involvement of paraoxonase 1 gene (PON1) in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) nephropathy are scarce. We investigated PON1 polymorphisms concerning end-stage NIDDM nephropathy and atherosclerotic complications in NIDDM nephropathy patients treated with hemodialysis (HD)., METHODS: In NIDDM nephropathy (n=402) and non-diabetic (n=998) HD subjects, we obtained PON1 polymorphisms by HRM analysis (rs662) or predesigned TaqMan SNV Genotyping Assay (rs854560, rs705379)., RESULTS: Only PON1 rs705379 was associated with end-stage NIDDM nephropathy in the recessive (OR 1.451, 95% CI 1.104-1.906, P=0.009) and additive (OR 1.398, 95%CI 1.009-1.936, P=0.046) inheritance modes. NIDDM nephropathy patients bearing the rs854560 T allele were at higher risk for ischemic cerebral stroke (OR 2.087, 95%CI 1.145-3.801, P=0.016). In non-diabetic patients but not NIDDM nephropathy subjects, atherogenic dyslipidemia corresponded with PON1 rs662 A allele and PON1 rs854560 TT homozygosity., CONCLUSIONS: In HD patients, NIDDM nephropathy correlates with the TT genotype of PON1 rs705379. The rs854560 T allele indicates a higher risk for atherosclerotic diseases in NIDDM nephropathy subjects. The T alleles of both PON1 SNVs are known as low expression variants downregulated serum PON1 activity. An increase of diminished PON1 activity may be a target in the prevention of NIDDM nephropathy and NIDDM atherosclerotic complications. Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Six-minute walk test in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients living in Northwest Africa.; INTRODUCTION: International recommendations of the exploration of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are focused on deficiency and not incapacity., AIMS: (1) To estimate the incapacity of NIDDM patients through the 6-minute walk test (6MWT) data. (2) To determine their 6-minute walk distance (6MWD) influencing factors (3) To compare data of NIDDM patient group (PG; n = 100) with those of two control groups (CG): CG1 (n = 174, healthy nonobese and nonsmoker); CG2 (n = 55, obese nondiabetic free from comorbidities)., POPULATION AND METHODS: The anthropometric, socioeconomic, clinical, metabolic, and 6MWT data of 100 NIDDM patients (45 females) were collected., RESULTS: Total sample means +/- standard deviation of age, weight, and height were 54 +/- 8 years, 81 +/- 14 kg, and 1.64 +/- 0.09 m. (1) Measured 6MWD (566 +/- 81 m) was significantly lower than the theoretical 6MWD (90% +/- 12%). The profile of the PG carrying the 6MWT, was as follows: 23% had an abnormal 6MWD; at the end of the 6MWT, 21% and 12% had, respectively, a low heart rate and a high dyspnea (>5/10), and 4% had desaturation during the walk. The estimated "cardiorespiratory and muscular chain" age (68 +/- 16 years) was significantly higher than the chronological age. (2) The factors that significantly influenced the 6MWD (r(2) = 0.58) are included in the following equation: 6MWD (m) = -73.94 x gender (0, male; 1, female) - 3.25 x age (years) + 7.33 x leisure activity score - 35.57 x obesity (0, no; 1, yes) + 32.86 x socioeconomic level (0, low; 1, high) - 27.67 x cigarette use (0, no; 1, yes) + 8.89 x resting oxyhemoglobin saturation - 105.48. (3) Compared to the CGs, the PG had a significantly (P < 0.05) lower 6MWD (100%+9% and 100%+8%, respectively, for the CG1 and CG2)., CONCLUSION: NIDDM seems to accelerate the decline of the submaximal aerobic capacity evaluated through the 6MWD.
A preliminary report on the role of yoga asanas on oxidative stress in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Nineteen subjects of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) between the age group of 30-60 yrs were studied to see the effect of specific yoga asanas on fasting and postprandial blood glucose (FBG, PPG), serum malondialdehyde (MDA) and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA(1)) in addition to drug treatment and diet control. The duration of diabetes ranged from 1-10 years. Patients with renal, cardiac and proliferative retinal diseases were excluded from the study. The same patients served as their own control. Subjects were called in the morning to the cardio-respiratory laboratory and were given training by a yoga expert. Yoga asanas included Suryanamskar, Tadasan, TriKonasan, Padmasan, Pranayam, Paschimottanasan, Ardhmatsyendrasan, Pavanmukthasan, Sarpasan and Shavasan. The asanas were done every day for 40 days for 30-40 min. FBG, PPG, serum MDA and HbA(1) were estimated before and after 40 days of yoga asanas regimen. Significant reduction was seen in FBG from 220 mg/dl to 162 mg/dl, PPG from 311 mg/dl to 255 mg/dl, MDA from 6 nmol/l to 3 nmol/l and HbA(1), from 8.8% to 6.4%. Subjects felt better and were relieved of their stresses and had an improvement in their day to day performance. The decrease was statistically significant (p<0.0001 for FBG and PPG, p<0.001 for MDA and for HbA(1)).
Corneal backscatter in insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients: a pilot study.; PURPOSE: To compare central corneal backscatter obtained from Scheimpflug images between patients with insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM and NIDDM, respectively) and healthy controls., METHODS: Seven patients with IDDM (7 eyes), eleven patients with NIDDM (11 eyes), and sixteen healthy subjects (16 eyes) were included in this pilot study. Scheimpflug imaging system (Pentacam, Oculus Inc., Germany) was used to obtain optical sections of the cornea. Seven meridians were analyzed for each eye, oriented from 70degree to 110degree. Optical density values for the central 3-mm and 5-mm zones of the cornea were obtained by image analysis using external software., RESULTS: Corneal backscatter was significantly higher in the diabetic patients than in the controls for the central 3-mm (p=0.016) and 5-mm (p=0.014) zones. No significant differences in corneal backscatter were found between the IDDM and NIDDM groups for either zone (both p>0.05). In the NIDDM group, significant correlations were observed for both central zones between corneal backscatter and age (3 mm: r=0.604, p=0.025; 5 mm: r=0.614, p=0.022) and central corneal thickness (3 mm: r=0.641, p=0.017; 5 mm: r=0.671, p=0.012); this was not found in the IDDM group (p>0.05). The presence of diabetes showed a significant effect on central corneal backscatter (Kruskal-Wallis test, p<0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: Diabetic patients showed higher values of corneal light backscatter than healthy subjects. Corneal optical density analysis may be a useful tool for monitoring and assessing the ocular changes caused by diabetes.
Prognostic value of high sensitivity C-reaction protein in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: High sensitivity C-reaction protein (hsCRP) has been used as a significant predictive factor of cardiovascular events in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). However, existing reports in regards to the significance of hsCRP in predicting the progression of hepatic complications in NIDDM patients are too sparse to deliver clear results. This study is aimed at investigating the prognostic value of hsCRP in NIDDM patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD)., METHODS: 1128 NIDDM patients with a definite diagnosis of NAFLD were enrolled and followed for one year. The baseline body mass index (BMI), waist-hip circumference ratio (WHR), serum aspartate aminotransferase (AST), presence of hypertension, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), serum hsCRP, total cholesterol (Tch), fasting blood glucose (FBG), triglycerine (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) were recorded to analyze the significance of hsCRP in predicting the short-term progression from NAFLD to non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH)., RESULTS: One year after baseline, 32% of the NAFLD patients suffered progression to NASH and the percentages of NASH were respectively 8.2%, 12.5%, 33.8% and 72.6% in 4 groups with quartered baseline serum level of hsCRP; there was significant difference among the 4 groups in percentage of NASH (P<0.001). With sex, age, WHR, BMI, hypertension, TG, TCH, HDL-C, LDL-C, FBG and HBsAg included, the calibrated regression model gave the OR values of 1.000, 1.669, 6.635 and 32.131 in in 4 quartered baseline serum levels of hsCRP., CONCLUSION: High serum level of hsCRP is an independent risk factor of short-term progression to NASH in patients with NIDDM and NAFLD. Those NIDDM patients with NAFLD that present with high serum level of hsCRP should be subjected to regular monitoring, lifestyle intervention and medication.
Negative impact of underlying non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus nephropathy on long-term allograft survival in kidney transplantation: a 10-year analysis from a single center.; INTRODUCTION: We analyzed the relationship between underlying nephropathy and long-term outcomes in kidney transplant recipients., METHODS: We retrospectively analyzed data from 678 patients who underwent kidney transplantation (KTx) between 1998 and 2011. Recipients with 13 major nephropathies were evaluated for graft and patient survival, and causes of graft loss., RESULTS: The best 10-year graft survival rates (100%) were in the patients with autosomal-dominant polycystic kidney disease, preeclampsia, Alport syndrome, and purpura nephritis. The worst rate (50.8%) was in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus nephropathy (NIDDMN; P = .039). Causes of graft-loss in the NIDDM patients included chronic rejection (6 cases), acute rejection (3 cases), infection (2 cases), and cardiovascular event (2 cases). Significant risk factors for graft loss were donor age (P < .01) and NIDDMN (P < .01)., CONCLUSION: Underlying NIDDMN before KTx was a significant risk factor for long-term graft function. Immunologic factors and nonimmunologic factors influenced the long-term outcomes in patients with underlying NIDDMN. Copyright © 2014. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Differential impact of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus on breast reconstruction outcomes.; While the comparative safety of breast reconstruction in diabetic patients has been previously studied, we examine the differential effects of insulin and non-insulin-dependence on surgical/medical outcomes. Patients undergoing implant/expander or autologous breast reconstruction were extracted from the National Surgical Quality Improvement Program 2005-2012 database. Preoperative and postoperative variables were analyzed using chi-square and Student's t test as appropriate. Multivariate regression modeling was used to evaluate whether non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) is independently associated with adverse 30-day events following breast reconstruction. Of 29,736 patients meeting inclusion criteria, 23,042 (77.5 %) underwent implant/expander reconstructions, of which 815 had NIDDM and 283 had IDDM. Of the 6,694 (22.5 %) patients who underwent autologous reconstructions, 286 had NIDDM and 94 had IDDM. Rates of overall and surgical complications significantly differed among non-diabetic, NIDDM and IDDM patients in both the implant/expander and autologous cohorts on univariate analysis. After multivariate analysis, NIDDM was significantly associated with surgical complications (OR 1.511); IDDM was significantly associated with medical (OR 1.815) and overall complications (OR 1.852); and any type of diabetes was significantly associated with surgical (OR 1.58) and overall (OR 1.361) complications after autologous reconstruction. Diabetes of any type was not associated with any type of complication after implant/expander reconstruction. In this large, multi-institutional study, diabetes mellitus was significantly associated with adverse outcomes after autologous, but not implant-based breast reconstruction. The multivariate analysis in this study adds granularity to the differential effects of NIDDM and IDDM on complication risk.
Stent thrombosis is not increased following percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus taking metformin.; OBJECTIVE: Recent studies have suggested that metformin may inhibit endothelialization following limus-eluting stent (LES) placement and may increase the risk of stent thrombosis. Therefore, we assessed the impact of metformin on stent thrombosis and major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients who receive drug-eluting stents (DES)., METHODS: We assessed the impact of metformin and stent type on stent thrombosis, MACE, and death in NIDDM patients following DES placement. Of the 1201 patients included, 74.8% received LES, 25.2% received paclitaxel-eluting stents (PES), and 55% were taking metformin., RESULTS: There was no difference in stent thrombosis, regardless of stent type or metformin use. While Kaplan-Meier curves demonstrated reduced MACE (p = 0.007) and death (p = 0.006) with metformin use, multivariate analysis demonstrated that stent type and metformin use were not associated with outcome., CONCLUSION: In NIDDM patients, metformin use or stent type following DES placement did not increase stent thrombosis and MACE rates. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of cataract surgery on optical coherence tomography measurements and repeatability in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; PURPOSE: To evaluate the effect of uncomplicated cataract phacoemulsification on macular and retinal nerve fiber layer (RNFL) thickness using two spectral-domain optical coherence tomography (OCT) instruments, Cirrus OCT and Spectralis OCT, in patients having non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) without retinopathy, and to assess the reliability of the OCT measurements before and after cataract surgery., METHODS: The study included 35 eyes of 35 patients having NIDDM without retinopathy (20 men and 15 women, mean age 69.8 years, range, 48-80 years) who underwent cataract phacoemulsification. One month before and 1 month after surgery, visual acuity and three repetitions of scans using the RNFL and macular analysis protocols of the Cirrus and Spectralis OCT instruments were performed. The differences between the two visits were analyzed by Student's t-test for paired samples. Repeatability of OCT measurements was evaluated by calculating the coefficients of variation for each of the parameters recorded and for each visit., RESULTS: RNFL thicknesses provided by Cirrus and Spectralis OCT and macular measurements provided by Cirrus OCT differed significantly between the two visits. Macular thicknesses provided by Spectralis OCT before and after surgery were not significantly different. OCT repeatability was better after surgery with lower coefficients of variation for scans performed after surgical removal of the cataract., CONCLUSIONS: The presence of cataracts affects RNFL and macular measurements performed with OCT in NIDDM patients without retinopathy. The repeatability of the images significantly improved after cataract phacoemulsification.
Patients with celiac disease have a lower prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: We investigated whether risk for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and metabolic syndrome are affected by celiac disease. We examined the prevalence of NIDDM and metabolic syndrome among adults with celiac disease, compared with matched controls., METHODS: We assessed medical records of 840 patients with biopsy-proven celiac disease for diagnoses of NIDDM, hypertension, or hyperlipidemia; body mass index (BMI); lipid profile; and levels of glucose or glycosylated hemoglobin, to identify those with metabolic syndrome. Patients without celiac disease were matched for age, sex, and ethnicity (n = 840 controls). The prevalence of NIDDM and metabolic syndrome in the celiac disease cohort was compared with that of the controls and subjects included in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey., RESULTS: Twenty-six patients with celiac disease (3.1%) had NIDDM compared with 81 controls (9.6%) (P < .0001). Similarly, the prevalence of metabolic syndrome was significantly lower among patients with celiac disease than controls (3.5% vs 12.7%; P < .0001). The mean BMI of patients with celiac disease was significantly lower than that of controls (24.7 vs 27.5; P < .0001). However, celiac disease was still associated with a lower risk of NIDDM, after controlling for BMI., CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of NIDDM and metabolic syndrome are lower among patients with celiac disease than in matched controls and the general population. These differences are not explained by differences in BMI. Studies are needed to determine the mechanisms by which celiac disease affects the risk for NIDDM and metabolic syndrome. Copyright © 2013 AGA Institute. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Yoga: As an adjunct therapy to trim down the Ayurvedic drug requirement in non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: In spite of a large number of drugs showing anti-hyperglycemic activities, none of them have been successful in complete management of diabetes mellitus (DM). Yoga and Ayurveda are the two schools of thought in India, which have a history of curing diseases since thousands of years. Yogic techniques and Ayurvedic herbs have proven their anti-diabetic potential without inducing untoward effects. The present study combines Ayurvedic medication with Yoga techniques as a new approach toward healing DM., AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: To assess the effect of Yoga therapy in the management of non insulin-dependent DM (NIDDM) and to decrease the oral drug dose requirement of guduci ghana Tablet., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Thirty known NIDDM patients of both genders, who were on guduci ghana (solidified aqueous extract of Tinospora cordifolia (Willd.) Miers.) tablets from past 2 months as Ayurvedic remedy for DM were selected. Along with guduci ghana administration, the subjects were instructed to follow Yogic procedures including Asanas, pranayama, and suddhi kriyas. The study was conducted for 8 weeks, wherein fasting blood sugar (FBS) and postprandial blood sugar (PPBS) levels along with relief in sign and symptoms were assessed at every 2 weeks intervals, and according to relief in sign and symptoms, tapering of drug dosage was carried out. The obtained data were analyzed statistically by applying paired t-test., RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: The results obtained were promising as the relief in diabetic symptomatology was highly significant in terms of P value. 80.83% reduction in dose of guduci ghana tablets and 7.85% and 8.78% fall in FBS and PPBS levels, respectively, after the complete course of treatment. The obtained P value showed highly significant results.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical evaluation of an Ayurvedic formulation (GlucoCare capsules) in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Diabetes mellitus describes a metabolic disorder of multiple etiologies characterized by insulin resistance, relative insulin deficiency and hyperglycemia with disturbances of carbohydrate, fat and protein metabolism. The goal for treatment of diabetes is to prevent its acute manifestations and long-term microvascular and macrovascular complications. The present study was conducted to evaluate the efficacy and safety of an Ayurvedic formulation (GlucoCare Capsules) in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. Fifty NIDDM patients of pitta-kapha prakriti attending the outpatient department of the Government Ayurvedic Medical College, Guwahati, Assam, India were included in the study, and randomly divided into 2 groups, GlucoCare and placebo. All received either GlucoCare or placebo in a dose of 2 capsules twice daily, before meals for 3 months. All 50 patients completed the study - no drop outs, withdrawals or patients lost to follow up. The GlucoCare group showed significant improvement in symptoms from the 2(nd) month till the end of the study. GlucoCare was well tolerated by all patients throughout the treatment period with no evidence of adverse effects. The study indicates clinical efficacy of GlucoCare Capsules in the management of NIDDM in those belonging to pitta-kapha prakriti. The formulation is well tolerated and appears safe in the dosage used.
Trichosanthes cucumerina Linn. improves glucose tolerance and tissue glycogen in non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus induced rats.; OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of Trichosanthes cucumerina Linn. on non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus induced rats., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Non Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (NIDDM) was induced by administering streptozotocin (90 mg/kg, i.p.) in neonatal rat model. NIDDM animals were treated with aqueous extract of Trichosanthes cucumerina (100 mg/kg/day) orally for six weeks. Parameters such as fasting blood glucose, Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT) and tissue glycogen content were evaluated., RESULTS: Aqueous extract of Trichosanthes cucumerina significantly (P<0.01) decreased the elevated blood glucose of NIDDM induced rats. OGTT of NIDDM animals showed glucose intolerance. Blood glucose of diabetic animals reached peak at 45 min and remains high even after 2h. In case of Trichosanthes cucumerina treated group, the blood glucose reached peak level at 30 min, followed by decrease in glucose level up to 2h. The drug has significantly (P<0.01) reduced the postprandial blood glucose of diabetic animals. Glycogen content of insulin dependent tissues such as liver and skeletal muscle was found to be improved by 62% and 58.8% respectively with Trichosanthes cucumerina as compared to NIDDM control., CONCLUSION: Studies revealed that, Trichosanthes cucumerina possess antidiabetic activity. The drug improved the oral glucose tolerance of NIDDM subjects. Increase in tissue glycogen content indicates the effect of the drug on the uptake of glucose by the peripheral tissues to reduce insulin resistance of NIDDM.
Influence of therapy with metformin on the concentration of certain divalent cations in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Research was performed on a group of 30 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), who never received antidiabetic medication before, and on a group of 17 healthy adults. The patients were administered treatment with metformin, 1,000 mg/day. Plasmatic and urinary concentration of magnesium have been measured, copper and zinc along with the concentrations of glucose, HDL, LDL, cholesterol, tryglicerides, HbA1c, and total erythrocyte magnesium, in advance and after 3 months of treatment. Data showed significant differences in the NIDDM group vs the control group: for plasma magnesium-1.95 +/- 0.19 vs 2.20 +/- 0.18 mg/dl, p < 0.001; urine magnesium-237.28 +/- 34.51 vs 126.25 +/- 38.22 mg/24 h, p < 0.001; erythrocyte magnesium-5.09 +/- 0.63 vs 6.38 +/- 0.75 mg/dl, p < 0.001; plasma zinc-67.56 +/- 6.21 vs 98.41 +/- 20.47 mug/dl, p < 0.001; urine zinc-1,347.54 +/- 158.24 vs 851.65 +/- 209.75 mug/24 h, p < 0.001; plasma copper-111.91 +/- 20.98 vs 96.33 +/- 8.56 mug/dl, p < 0.001; and urine copper-51.70 +/- 23.79 vs 36.00 +/- 11.70 mug/24 h, p < 0.05. Treatment with metformin for 3 months modified significant erythrocyte magnesium-5.75 +/- 0.61 vs 5.09 +/- 0.63 mg/dl, p < 0.001 and urine magnesium-198.27 +/- 27.07 vs 237.28 +/- 34.51 mg/24 h, p < 0.001, whereas it did not modify significant the plasmatic and urinary concentration of the other cations. The erythrocyte magnesium concentration was inversely correlated with HbA1c (r = -0.438, p = 0.015). The plasma level of copper was positively correlated with HbA1c (r = 0.517, p < 0.003), tryglicerides (r = 0.534, p < 0.003), and cholesterol (r = 0.440, p < 0.05), and the plasma level of zinc was inversely correlated with glycemia (r = -0.399, p = 0.029). Our data show a significant action of metformin therapy, by increasing the total intraerythrocyte magnesium concentration and decreasing the urinary magnesium elimination, positively correlated with the decrease of glycemia and HbA1c in NIDDM patients.
Relationship between plasma uridine and insulin resistance in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: It has been demonstrated that uridine infusion induces insulin resistance in rats. Furthermore, it was recently reported that plasma uridine is correlated with homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-R) in hypertensive patients. Therefore, we investigated whether plasma uridine was correlated with HOMA-R in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., SUBJECTS AND METHODS: The subjects were 23 male patients with NIDDM (average age 63 years) and 18 healthy males (average age 60 years). Blood samples were drawn after an overnight fast, plasma uridine was then measured using high-performance liquid chromatography., RESULTS: The average plasma uridine concentration in patients with NIDDM was higher than that in healthy subjects (P < 0.05). Furthermore, plasma uridine values were positively correlated with HOMA-R (r = 0.48, P < 0.05), serum insulin (r = 0.46, P < 0.05), and serum C-peptide radioimmunoreactivity (CPR) (r = 0.44, P < 0.05) values, whereas they were not significantly correlated with fasting blood glucose or hemoglobin A1c values., CONCLUSION: We found a positive relationship between plasma uridine value and HOMA-R, serum insulin, and CPR, suggesting that plasma uridine is a marker of insulin resistance in patients with NIDDM.
[Logistic regression analysis for the risk factors of oral candidosis among patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; OBJECTIVE: Multivariate analysis was used to select the risk factors in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients with oral candidosis, and to establish the forecasting equation, aimed to detect the risk of oral candidosis among NIDDM patients., METHODS: 140 NIDDM patients were included in this study. 11 clinical parameters including gender, age, course smoking, fasting blood glucose, oral hygiene status, systemic manifestation, oral mucous membrane status, and denture were recorded respectively. Oral rinse technique was used to detect the salivary candidal carriage. The isolates were identified using CHROM agar Candida test. The Logistic multivariate regression analysis was carried our for risk factors analysis., RESULTS: Candida was found in 69 out of 140 NIDDM cases, and Candida albicans was the major species isolated. The poor glycemic control, poor oral hygiene, and dry mouth were the risk factors of oral candidosis in NIDDM patients, and the forecasting equation was established. Using substitution method, the veracity of the forecasting equation was 82.1%., CONCLUSION: Poor glycemic control, poor oral hygiene and dry mouth were risk factors of oral candidosis among NIDDM patients. The probability obtained from the forecasting equation may offer references for predicting and preventing the oral candidosis in NIDDM patients.
Macrophage migration inhibitory factor is a therapeutic target in treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) is a proinflammatory cytokine involved in the pathogenesis of a variety of autoimmune inflammatory diseases. Here, we investigated the role of MIF in the pathogenesis of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) using MIF(-/-) mice and a mouse model of streptozotocin (STZ)-induced NIDDM. Following single injection of STZ, MIF(+/+) BALB/c mice showed a significant increase in blood glucose levels, developed polyuria, and succumbed to disease. In contrast, no such increase in blood glucose was observed in MIF(-/-) BALB/c mice treated with STZ. These mice produced significantly less inflammatory cytokines and resistin as compared with MIF(+/+) mice and failed to develop clinical disease. Finally, oral administration of a small-molecule MIF antagonist, CPSI-1306, to outbred ICR mice following induction of NIDDM significantly lowered blood glucose levels in the majority of animals, which was also associated with a significant reduction in the levels of the proinflammatory cytokines IL-6 and TNF-alpha in the sera. Taken together, these results demonstrate that MIF is involved in the pathogenesis of NIDDM and is a therapeutic target to treat this disease.
The prevalence of gastrointestinal symptoms in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms are common among patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Our aim was to investigate the frequency of chronic GI symptoms in Korean patients with NIDDM., METHODS: A cross-sectional survey, using a reliable and valid questionnaire, was performed in diabetes clinics from seven hospitals of the Catholic University of Korea., RESULTS: A total of 608 patients (249 males and 359 females, mean age 53.7+/-10.9 years) were investigated. The frequencies of weekly heartburn and acid regurgitation (esophageal symptoms) were 7.1% (95% confidence interval [CI], 5.0 to 9.2) and 4.4% (95% CI, 2.8 to 6.1), respectively. The frequency of dyspepsia was 13.2% (95% CI, 10.5 to 15.8). The frequencies of constipation and diarrhea were 15.0% (95% CI, 12.2 to 18.0) and 5.3% (95% CI, 3.5 to 7.1), respectively. Nausea and the use of manual maneuvers to facilitate defecation were more prevalent in women than in men. Constipation and fecal incontinence were more common in diabetes patients with long duration (>10 years). Fecal incontinence and using laxatives were more frequent in the complicated diabetes group. Using laxatives was more frequent in the uncontrolled diabetes group., CONCLUSIONS: Two-thirds of diabetic patients experienced GI symptoms. The prevalence of GI symptoms was more common in patients who had diabetic complications and a long duration of diabetes.
[Responsiveness of parathyroid hormone secretion to a phosphate load in hypertensive patients with non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; INTRODUCTION: Abnormalities in calcium phosphate (Ca-P) metabolism and Ca-P related hormones are well documented in patients with essential hypertension (EH), but less in patients with non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The present study was designed to assess the responsiveness of parathormone (PTH) secretion to an oral phosphate (Pi) load (100 mmol) in patients with EH - NTS and hypertensive patients with NIDDM - CNT., MATERIAL AND METHODS: In 29 patients in NTS group (45.6 +/- 1.3 y), 32 in CNT group (48.4 +/- 0.9 y) and in 23 healthy subjects-GK (42.7 +/- 2.7 y) - 25-OH-D(3), intact PTH, ionized (Ca(2+)) and phosphate (P) were estimated in blood serum before and PTH in 4, 8, 12, 18 and 24 hours, Ca(2+) and P in 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 18 and 24 hours after an oral administration of Pi. Urinary excretion of calcium and phosphate were also estimated on day before and at the day of an oral Pi load., RESULTS: In NTS group lower basal 25-OH-D(3) serum levels (22.9 +/- 1.7 vs. 30.9 +/- 2 ng/ml; p = 0.02), while in CNT group higher PTH (22.7 +/- +/- 2.2 vs. 15.6 +/- 1.9 pg/ml; p < 0.05) levels were found. Both NTS and CNT patients showed an exaggerated response of PTH secretion to the Pi load (as expressed as the AUC) as compared with GK [757 +/- 51.7 vs. 790 +/- 53.8 vs. 600 +/- 39 (pg/ml)*24 h]. In addition patients in groups NTS and CNT showed a higher calciuria than GK (2.48 +/- 0.2 and 2.42 +/- 0,2 vs. 1.77 +/- 0.2 mmol/d.) and a delayed normalization of plasma P at the day of the Pi load., CONCLUSIONS: 1. Both NTS and CNT groups are characterized by an abnormal calcium and phosphate metabolism and exaggerated response of PTH secretion to an oral phosphate load as compared with GK controls. 2. Probably hypertension and not NIDDM seems to be the leading cause of calcium-phosphate abnormalities in hypertensive diabetic patients.
Hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic effects of processed Aloe vera gel in a mouse model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The effects of processed Aloe vera gel (PAG) on the course of established diet-induced non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were studied in C57BL/6J mice. NIDDM was induced in C57BL/6J mice by feeding them a high-fat diet. Mice exhibiting diet-induced obesity (DIO) with blood glucose levels above 180mg/dl were selected to examine the antidiabetic effects of PAG. Oral administration of PAG for 8 weeks reduced circulating blood glucose concentrations to a normal level in these DIO mice. In addition, the administration of PAG significantly decreased plasma insulin. The antidiabetic effects of PAG were also confirmed by intraperitoneal glucose tolerance testing. PAG appeared to lower blood glucose levels by decreasing insulin resistance. The administration of PAG also lowered triacylglyceride levels in liver and plasma. Histological examinations of periepididymal fat pad showed that PAG reduced the average size of adipocytes. These results demonstrate that the oral administration of PAG prevents the progression of NIDDM-related symptoms in high-fat diet-fed mice, and suggest that PAG could be useful for treating NIDDM.
VEMP responses are not affected in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients with or without polyneuropathy.; CONCLUSION: Vestibular evoked myogenic responses (VEMPs) are not affected in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients with or without polyneuropathy., OBJECTIVE: To compare VEMP responses of NIDDM patients and healthy subjects., SUBJECTS AND METHODS: VEMP responses were collected from 25 NIDDM patients with polyneuropathy (PNP), 13 NIDDM patients without PNP and 21 healthy subjects using click stimulation. After excluding ears with hearing loss (HL) (worse than 25 dB) the VEMP responses (p13 and n21 latencies and amplitude) recorded in 105 dB stimulus intensity were compared., RESULTS: There was no statistically significant difference between groups. VEMP responses were found to be normal in NIDDM patients with or without PNP.
Effect of Withania somnifera on insulin sensitivity in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus rats.; We investigated the effect of an aqueous extract of Withania somnifera (WS) on insulin sensitivity in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) rats. NIDDM was induced by single intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (100 mg/kg) to 2 days old rat pups. WS (200 and 400 mg/kg) was administered orally once a day for 5 weeks after the animals were confirmed diabetic (i.e. 75 days after streptozotocin injection). A group of citrate control rats (group I) were also maintained that has received citrate buffer on the second day of their birth. A significant increase in blood glucose, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA(1)c) and serum insulin levels were observed in NIDDM control rats. Treatment with WS reduced the elevated levels of blood glucose, HbA(1)c and insulin in the NIDDM rats. An oral glucose tolerance test was also performed in the same groups, in which we found a significant improvement in glucose tolerance in the rats treated with WS. The insulin sensitivity was assessed for both peripheral insulin resistance and hepatic insulin resistance. WS treatment significantly improved insulin sensitivity index (K(ITT)) that was significantly decreased in NIDDM control rats. There was significant rise in homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-R) in NIDDM control rats whereas WS treatment significantly prevented the rise in HOMA-R in NIDDM-treated rats. Our data suggest that aqueous extract of WS normalizes hyperglycemia in NIDDM rats by improving insulin sensitivity.
Networking pathways unveils association between obesity and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Genetic related health problems are often interrelated. Current practices to establish associations between diseases are expensive and rarely can reflect underlying molecular mechanisms, We propose a general framework to associate diseases by networking pathways. By applying our method on association study of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and obesity, we demonstrate that our method can both identify signature pathways for each disease and establish valid association of two diseases.
Cerebrovascular reactivity is impaired in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and microangiopathy.; BACKGROUND: Cerebrovascular reactivity (CVR) is a hemodynamic parameter representing the increase in normal cerebral artery blood flow in response to a vasodilatory stimulus such as hypercapnia., MAIN PURPOSE: The aim of the study was to assess CVR using transcranial Doppler ultrasound and the breath-holding test (BHT) in normotensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The cerebrovascular response to hypercapnia was evaluated in relation to risk factors for cerebral microangiopathy., METHODS: The study was carried out in a group of 34 normotensive NIDDM patients and a group of 31 sex- and age-matched normal controls. The NIDDM group was subdivided into 21 patients with microangiopathic complications (Group A, 12 men, 9 women; mean age 58.77 +/- 8.91 years) and 13 patients with no such complications (Group B, 8 men, 5 women; mean age 56.34 +/- 9.83 years). The control group comprised 17 men and 14 women (Group C, mean age 58.43 +/- 6.31 years). Exclusion criteria were hypertension and past or present symptomatic cerebrovascular disease. The BHT consisted of spontaneous hypercapnia induced by holding the breath for 20 seconds. CVR was estimated in relation to the increase in the mean flow velocity (MFV) compared with the basal velocity in both middle cerebral arteries during hypercapnia., RESULTS: In Group A, the CVR was significantly decreased in 71.42% of patients, whereas in Group B only 30.76% of patients presented with mildly to moderately impaired CVR. Predictors for impaired % increase in the MFV during the BHT demonstrated by univariate regression analysis were: duration of diabetes (r = 0.802; P < 0.0001), fibrinogen (r = 0.574; P < 0.0001), C-reactive protein (r = 0.525; P < 0.001), proteinuria (r = 0.924; P < 0.0001) and serum creatinine (r = 0.969; P < 0.0001). Multivariate regression analysis showed as predictors: duration of diabetes (P < 0.0001), proteinuria (P < 0.0001) and serum creatinine (P < 0.0001)., CONCLUSION: CVR is impaired in normotensive NIDDM patients. These cerebral hemodynamic changes correlate significantly with the duration of DM, parameters of inflammation, proteinuria and serum creatinine.
Treatment of essential hypertension and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus with vitamin C.; Inappropriate response of the carotid body region to encroachment of its perfusion results in essential hypertension (EH) and/or non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). This encroachment is caused by atherosclerosis. The carotid body perceives the encroachment on the lumen as a reduction in the availability of oxygen and glucose for the brain. Raising the perfusion pressure (thus, resulting in EH) and/ or inducing insulin resistance (causing NIDDM) are seen as compensatory mechanisms in response to the primary pathology, ie the encroachment of the lumen by atherosclerosis. Therefore, the reduction or reversal of the atherosclerosis process will help improve perfusion to the carotid bodies, which will in turn reduce or reverse the pathophysiological compensatory adjustments described above. A supplemental therapy, in addition to the standard treatment, with vitamin C is suggested here. The argument in favour of this suggestion is the basis of this paper. Vitamin C is a very important antioxidant. It is suggested to be used without any interference with the usual therapy prescribed for these two chronic diseases. It is recommended to be administered in small, frequent doses of 100mg every 2h, except during sleep. There is no need for compensation for the occasional missed dose. The safety of larger doses of vitamin C than the current recommendations, represents the beauty and is reassuring in recommending this approach.
Endogenously generated reactive oxygen species reduce PMCA activity in platelets from patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Intracellular Ca2+ homeostasis in platelets of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has been reported to be altered, leading to an increased adhesiveness and spontaneous aggregation. Among the disturbed Ca2+ mechanism in platelets from NIDDM subjects, a reduced Ca2+ extrusion by the plasma membrane Ca2+-ATPase (PMCA) is especially relevant, maintaining an elevated cytosolic free Ca2+ concentration that results in platelet hypersensitivity. Here we show that treatment of platelets from NIDDM patients with 300 U/mL catalase or 5 mM D-mannitol, which prevent H2O2- and hydroxyl radicals-mediated oxidative stress, respectively, increases Ca2+ extrusion after treatment with thapsigargin (TG) plus ionomycin (Iono). In contrast, 1 mM trolox, a scavenger of ONOO-, did not alter TG + Iono-induced response. Catalase and D-mannitol reversed the enhanced tyrosine phosphorylation of PMCA induced by TG + Iono in NIDDM patients. These findings open up new horizon for the development of therapeutic strategies to palliate cardiovascular disorders in NIDDM.
Prognostic value of cardiac I-123 metaiodobenzylguanidine imaging in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: 123I-metaiodobenzylguanidine (MIBG) myocardial scintigraphy is a useful tool for diagnosing cardiac autonomic neuropathy (CAN) in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). However, the long-term prognostic value for cardiac events or mortality in NIDDM has not been clarified., METHODS AND RESULTS: We investigated the long-term prognostic value of cardiac MIBG imaging for both cardiac event and mortality owing to a variety of causes of death in NIDDM. 144 NIDDM patients were analyzed retrospectively with the end-points of a cardiac event and various causes of mortality. The heart-to-mediastinum uptake ratio on the delayed image (H/M [d]) was obtained from anterior planar imaging. The mean follow-up period was 7.2+/-3.2 years. Seventeen patients had a cardiac event onset and 7 patients died during observation. During the same observation course, 16 patients died, including some who died of cardiac event. Both multivariate and univariate analyses revealed that decreased H/M (d) (<1.7) was the independent predictor of long-term mortality for a variety of causes of death. Although the value of H/M (d) was not a significant prognostic factor for predicting a cardiac event, CAN, diagnosed by a combination of H/M (d) and coefficient variance of RR interval, was an independent predictor for the cardiac event in NIDDM., CONCLUSION: MIBG myocardial scintigraphy was useful for predicting cardiac events and long-term mortality in NIDDM.
Free radical-scavenging activity of Korean red ginseng for erectile dysfunction in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus rats.; OBJECTIVES: To investigate the antioxidant activity of Korean red ginseng (KRG) and its effect on erectile function in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) rats. Oxidative stress is an important factor in vascular complications of diabetes., METHODS: A total of 84 male Sprague-Dawley rats were included in this study. NIDDM was induced by an intraperitoneal injection of 90 mg/kg of streptozotocin on day 2 after birth. According to the diabetic period, they were classified as either short-term (22 weeks, n = 32) or long-term (38 weeks, n = 32) diabetics. Of those, 20 (10 short-term and 10 long-term) were fed 30 mg/kg of KRG three times weekly for 1 month. The remaining diabetic rats (22 short-term and 22 long-term) and their age-matched controls (n = 10 each for each group) were fed a normal diet. Erectile function was measured after electrostimulation of the cavernous nerve. The total cavernous malondialdehyde and glutathione levels were measured using a spectrophotometric assay., RESULTS: The intracavernous pressure after nerve stimulation and cavernous glutathione level were significantly lower in the long-term than the short-term diabetics with a normal diet and were markedly decreased compared with their age-matched controls (P <0.01 and P <0.05, respectively). The malondialdehyde content was markedly increased in the short-term diabetics compared with the controls (P <0.05). In contrast, erectile function was not impaired in the diabetic group treated with KRG. Furthermore, both glutathione and malondialdehyde levels in those treated with KRG were comparable to their age-matched controls., CONCLUSIONS: Oxidative stress to cavernous tissue may be a contributory factor in erectile dysfunction in diabetics. KRG may preserve potency in the NIDDM rats through its antioxidant activity.
Impairment of sodium pump and Na/H exchanger in erythrocytes from non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus patients: effect of tea catechins.; BACKGROUND: Tea catechins (EGCG, EGC, ECG and EC) possess many important biological properties. We evaluated the effect of tea catechins on erythrocyte membrane Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase and sodium/hydrogen exchanger (NHE) activity in normal (control) and NIDDM subjects., METHODS: Erythrocyte membrane Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase and NHE activity were determined in normal and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. In vitro effect of tea catechins was studied by incubating membrane/intact erythrocytes in assay medium prior to Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase/NHE activity determination., RESULTS: A 24.2% decrease in the activity of Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase (p<0.001) and 39.37% increase in activity of NHE (p<0.02) were observed in NIDDM subjects compared to normal. Tea catechins inhibited the activity of Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase and NHE in both normal and NIDDM erythrocytes, the effect was concentration-dependent. The inhibitory effect of EGCG and ECG at micromolar concentrations was greater compared to EGC and EC on Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase. On NHE the inhibition of tea catechins was in the order: EC>EGC>ECG>EGCG at concentrations up to 10 micromol/l., CONCLUSIONS: This data may help to explain the anti-carcinogenic and cardioprotective effects of tea catechins. The effect of tea catechins on Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase and NHE may be explained due to a direct effect of these compounds on plasma membrane leading to a change in membrane fluidity.
Comparison of oxidative damage in Malaysian end-stage renal disease patients with or without non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Comparisons of oxidative indices and total antioxidant status between end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients with or without diabetes is scant, especially in the Asian population., METHOD: The assays were carried out according to known established protocols., RESULT: The present study showed that ESRD patients with or without non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) did not have any significant differences in antioxidant enzyme activities, advanced glycated end products (AGE), advanced oxidized protein products (AOPP) and ferric reducing ability of plasma (FRAP), indicating that hyperglycemia does not exacerbate oxidative damage in ESRD. The regulation of catalase and glutathione peroxidase is also altered in ESRD. Elevated FRAP was observed in both ESRD groups (with and without NIDDM). The dialysis process did not alter the antioxidant enzyme activities but decreased AGEs and FRAP and increased AOPP levels., CONCLUSION: Oxidative stress is present in ESRD but this is not significantly exacerbated by hyperglycemia. The contribution of components in the pathology of renal failure towards oxidative stress exceeds that of hyperglycemia.
Metabolic alterations as a result of Ramadan fasting in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients in relation to food intake.; OBJECTIVE: Diabetes is known to be associated with alterations in metabolic parameters. The aim of this study is to investigate whether Ramadan fasting can affect these metabolic parameters in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients., METHODS: This study was conducted in the outpatient Clinic of Jordan University Hospital, Amman, Jordan in February of 1415 Hijra year (1995 Gregorian). Forty-four NIDDM male patients volunteered for this study. Patients fasted the month of Ramadan and few metabolic parameters were recorded. Body weight, fasting blood sugar (FBS), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) and high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) were measured, before, at mid- and at the end- of Ramadan. Detailed energy intakes were also recorded., RESULTS: Patients mean age were 52+/-9 years (range 35-75). Patients showed a statistically significant reduction in their body weight, FBS, HbA1c, and TG levels by the end of Ramadan (1.57 kg, 31 mg/dl, 0.85%, and 35 mg/dl). Other parameters such as TC, LDL-C, HDL-C were not affected by Ramadan fasting. The total daily energy intake remained unchanged including the qualitative components of nutrients., CONCLUSION: Muslim NIDDM patients showed a trend towards better glycemic control following Ramadan fasting. However, the pre-Ramadan existed dyslipidemia was sustained or even worsened following Ramadan fasting.
Reduced plasma membrane Ca2+-ATPase function in platelets from patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We clearly show that plasma membrane Ca2+ ATPase (PMCA) activity is lower in platelets from patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) than in those from healthy controls. The lower activity is likely due to reduced PMCA expression and increased tyrosine phosphorylation. These findings provide an explanation for the cellular ionic defects occurring in insulin resistant conditions.
Effects of opium addiction on some serum factors in addicts with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The aim of this study was to determine the effect of opium on biochemical parameters in addicts with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Twenty-three males and 26 females between 35 and 65 years of age, with NIDDM, addicted to opium, were selected as the case group. Twenty-three males and 26 females with NIDDM and no opium addiction served as controls. Fasting glucose, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), total cholesterol, high density lipoproteins-cholesterol (HDL-c), triglycerides (TGs), sodium (Na(+)), potassium (K(+)), calcium (Ca(2+)), iron (Fe(2+)), total iron binding capacity (TIBC), serum total protein, albumin, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), uric acid and urea were measured in the serum of the two groups. Serum protein electrophoresis was also carried out. Compared to the control group, in addicted males with NIDDM, HbA1c, K(+) and Fe(2+) were higher, and serum total protein, ALT and HDL-c were lower. No significant difference was observed between other factors. Albumin was lower in addicts, but no significant difference was observed between the albumin/globulin ratios. In addicted females with NIDDM, serum total protein, TIBC, ALT and AST were lower compared to non-addicts. Cholesterol tends to be lower in diabetic addicted males, HbA1c in addicted females and uric acid in addicted males was higher compared to non-addicted diabetics. Their differences, however, were not significant. According to our results, smoking opium increases serum glucose and decreases HDL-c, and thus adds to metabolic disorders in NIDDM patients. It also increases potassium and Fe(2) in males and decreases TIBC in females, and could therefore potentially interfere with water and iron metabolism.
Paraoxonase 55 and 192 polymorphism and its relationship to serum paraoxonase activity and serum lipids in Turkish patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; We investigated the effect of PON 55 and PON 192 polymorphisms on serum PON1 activity and lipid profiles in 213 non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) individuals and 116 non-diabetic controls among Turkish subjects. The distribution of PON 55/192 gene polymorphism was determined by polymerase chain reaction-based restriction fragment length polymorphism. Serum lipid levels were measured enzymically. PON activity was measured by spectrophotometric assay of p-nitrophenol production following addition of paraoxon. We found that PON 55 and 192 genotype distribution was similar in patients and controls and paraoxonase activity was generally lower in diabetics than in control subjects. We showed that PON 55 and 192 genotypes have a major effect on serum PON activity. PON 192 BB homozygotes had significantly higher PON activity than AA and AB genotypes among the control and NIDDM populations (p<0.001). PON 55 MM homozygotes had significantly lower PON activity than did LL and LM genotypes in control and NIDDM populations (p<0.05). The PON1 55 and 192 polymorphisms did not consistently influence the serum lipid profiles in either population. In conclusion, our results suggest that the paraoxonase activities are affected by PON1 genetic variability in Turkish NIDDM patients and controls. Copyright 2004 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Evaluation of gallbladder volume and motility in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients using real-time ultrasonography.; AIMS: The prevalence of cholelithiasis is 2 to 3 times higher in patients with diabetes mellitus than in the normal population, especially in a group of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We investigated the pathogenesis of this increased prevalence by ultrasonography with a brief comparison of demographic features., MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study group was consisted of NIDDM patients (41 males and 47 females, mean age 53.5 +/- 11 years), and the control group included healthy volunteers (33 males and 34 females, mean age 50.3 +/- 18 years). All patients were investigated after 12 hours of fasting and 30 minutes after a standard test meal. Pre-meal and post-meal gallbladder volumes were used for calculation of the ejection fraction of the gallbladder and fasting gallbladder volume., RESULTS: In the study group, there was no correlation between the fasting gallbladder volume and age, parity, and body mass index. However, fasting gallbladder volume and duration of diabetes mellitus showed significant correlation (r = 0.212, P < 0.05). The mean ejection fraction of gallbladders in the study group was 48.48%, whereas that of the control group was 56.32%. There was a significant reduction of ejection fraction in the study group (P = 0.003)., CONCLUSION: Our study indicated that there were an increased fasting gallbladder volume and impaired ejection fraction in NIDDM patients. This may be the initiator of bile stasis in the gallbladder and subsequent cholesterol crystal and stone formation.
Diagnosis and treatment of heart failure in primary health care among elderly patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, with special reference to use of echocardiography.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the present study was to describe how the diagnosis of heart failure (HF) was assessed, aetiology and management in elderly patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in primary health care, with special reference to use of echocardiography., DESIGN: Descriptive retrospective investigation., SETTING: Ronneby and Karlskrona communities, both situated on the Swedish south-east coast, 28,600 and 60,600 inhabitants, respectively., PATIENTS: 279 patients with NIDDM, mean age 77 years (range 70-85)., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Prevalence, aetiology, diagnostic procedures and management of HF., RESULTS: The majority of patients were given the diagnosis of HF mainly as a result of clinical examination, ECG and chest X-ray, or of hospitalisation for HF. The diagnosis of HF by the primary care physicians was based on an objective evaluation of cardiac function in 8% of the patients. Hypertension was the predominant associated disease, followed by ischaemic heart disease (IHD). Therapy included diuretics (91%), angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors (43%) and digoxin (53%)., CONCLUSION: There is still a gap between current management of HF in primary care and guidelines, particularly in the case of diagnosis that is not generally based on an objective evaluation of cardiac function.
Improvement of esophageal and gastric motility after 2-week treatment of oral erythromycin in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Forty-five patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were enrolled in the study. Before and after the 2-week treatment course of oral erythromycin, esophageal (the mean transit time, MTT) and gastric motility (the halftime of gastric emptying, GETt1/2) were evaluated by radionuclide labeled liquid and solid meals. Meanwhile, the fasting blood sugar (FBS) levels were monitored. After a 2-week erythromycin treatment, MTT shortened from 9.32+/-1.12 to 6.28+/-0.91 s and GETt1/2 shortened from 210.2+/-24.3 to 128.3+/-30.1 min. Meanwhile, FBS decreased from 198.2+/-30.1 to 121.5+/-21.3 mg/dl (P value <.05). We conclude that a 2-week treatment course of oral erythromycin can significantly improve esophageal and gastric motility which results in a better control of blood sugar in patients with NIDDM.
Relationship of changes in maximal and submaximal aerobic fitness to changes in cardiovascular disease and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus risk factors with endurance training: the HERITAGE Family Study.; The purpose of this study was to determine the relationship between changes in maximal oxygen uptake (VO2 max) and submaximal markers of aerobic fitness and changes in risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) consequent to a 20-week endurance training program. The 502 participants in this study were healthy and previously sedentary men (n = 250) and women (n = 252) of varying age (17 to 65 years) and race (blacks n = 142; whites n = 360) who had completed the HERITAGE Family Study testing and training protocol. Following baseline measurements, participants trained on cycle ergometers 3 days/week for a total of 60 exercise sessions starting at the heart rate (HR) associated with 55% of VO2 max for 30 minutes/session. This was progressively increased to the HR associated with 75% of VO2 max for 50 minutes/session, which was maintained during the last 6 weeks. VO2 max, heart rate at 50 W, power output at 60% of VO2 max, lipids and lipoproteins, resting blood pressure, body composition including abdominal fat (computed tomography [CT] scan), and blood glucose and insulin at rest and at peak following an intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) were determined both before and after training. Following training, there were significant increases in VO2 max (16%) and the power output at 60% of VO2 max and a significant decrease in HR at 50 W. These changes in markers of aerobic fitness were significantly correlated only to the changes in the body composition variables and the lipids and lipoproteins. Further, there was considerable individual variation in response for all variables studied. Finally, when risk factor data were analyzed by quartile of change in VO2 max, there were few significant relationships. It is concluded that there is a significant relationship between changes in markers of aerobic fitness and changes in several risk factors for CVD and NIDDM. However, the magnitude of these relationships is small. Copyright 2001 by W.B. Saunders Company
Relation of hypertension to diabetic nephropathy in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus--a pair-matched case-control study.; OBJECTIVE: To masess the role of hypertension and family history of hypertension in the development of nephropathy in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: A retrospective analysis was done on 2 groups of NIDDM patients, one group without proteinuria (urine protein < 300mg/24h, n = 106) and the other group with proteinuria (urine protein > or = 500mg/24h, n = 106). The 2 groups were matched by age (< or = +/- 3yrs), sex, ethnic and resident place. Some information of these subjects including demographic; history of disease, family history of diseases, lifestyle and behavior style variables was obtained by questionnaire; some variables were measured, including systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), fasting blood glucose (FBG), quantity of protein in 24h urine. Then conditional logistic regression analysis was performed., RESULTS: Some factors, including history of hypertension, longer duration of hypertension, higher levels of the past highest SBP and DBP, were independently associated with the occurrence risk of diabetic nephropathy (DN). Their corresponding odd ratios (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were 2.00(1.17 approximately 3.43), 1.25(1.08 approximately 1.46), 1.38(1.15 approximately 1.66), and 1.33(1.09 approximately 1.62) respectively, but family history of hypertension was not significantly associated with the development of DN. When/the above-mentioned relations were respectively adjusted by some possible confounding factors, they still existed., CONCLUSIONS: History of hypertension, longer duration of hypertension, higher levels of the past highest SBP and DBP are independent risk factors for DN in Chinese NIDDM patients.
Surface expression of fatty acid translocase (FAT/CD36) on platelets in myeloproliferative disorders and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus: effect on arachidonic acid uptake.; Increased platelet reactivity has been implicated in the vascular complications of myeloproliferative diseases and diabetes mellitus. The mechanisms of platelet hyperresponsiveness have not been fully explained. Expression of CD36 or fatty acid translocase (FAT) and its role in arachidonic acid (AA) uptake by platelets were examined in subjects with myeloproliferative disorders (MPD), those with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and in normal, healthy, age-matched controls. Surface expression of CD36 on platelet membranes was increased in MPD (10.94 +/- 0.76 pmol/mg protein) compared with normal controls (6.94 +/- 0.48 pmol/mg protein), p < 0.001. Total platelet content of CD36 was also significantly higher (32.1 +/- 0.61 pmol/mg protein, p < 0.01) compared with those in sex and age matched normal controls (25.7 +/- 1.09 pmol/mg protein). In contrast, platelet surface expression of CD36 in NIDDM (6.5 +/- 0.56 pmol/mg protein) was not significantly different from those of normal controls despite higher total content of CD36 (32.8 +/- 1.2, pmol/mg protein, p < 0 .01). Intact MPD platelets bound significantly more arachidonic acid (AA) (1.53 +/- 0.16 nmol/mg protein, p < 0.05), compared with controls (1.12 +/- 0.07 nmol/mg protein) or NIDDM subjects (1.16 +/- 0.16 nmol/mg protein). The capacity of MPD platelet membranes to bind 14C-AA was also increased (1.72 +/- 0.25 nmol/mg protein, p < 0.05) compared with that of controls (1.62 +/- 0.05 nmol/mg protein) and of NIDDM (1.22 +/- 0.08 nmol/mg protein). This is consistent with higher surface expression of CD36 in MPD platelets. Membrane fatty acid analysis indicated that the % of AA in platelet phospholipids was significantly lower in MPD (3.15 +/- 0.81%) compared with the controls (5.62 +/- 1.7%, p < 0.05. The AA content of diabetic platelets (4.82 +/- 1.1%) was not significantly different from normal controls. In summary, both total and surface expression of CD36 are increased in MPD, consistent with an enhanced capacity for uptake of AA by platelets. Increased expression of CD36 in platelets may play a role in the vaso-occlusive manifestations of MPD.
Effect of superior fiber complex on insulin sensitivity index and blood lipids in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus rats.; OBJECTIVE: To explore the factors affected insulin sensitivity index (ISI) and the effects of superior fiber complex (SFC) on ISI and blood lipids in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) rats., METHODS: Twenty-six male Wistar rats were injected with low dose of streptozotocin and fed a diet with high calorie and high fat for ten weeks and glucose tolerance (GTT), fasting insulin (FINS), total cholesterol (TC) and triglyceride (TG) were measured while area under curve (AUC) and insulin sensitivity index (ISI) were also calculated. The results were compared with those from 7 normal control rats. Multi-factor regression analysis was used to analyze those factors affected ISI. In the same experiment, 13 rats with diabetes mellitus were treated with Superior Fiber Complex (SFC) for 8 weeks and the results were compared with the pre-treated data., RESULTS: Compared with the control group, AUC in the diabetic group was larger, and FINS, TC and TG were higher; but ISI was lower. Therefore, The TG and AUC was the major factor affected ISI. TC and TG were lowered and AUC was reduced and ISI increased., CONCLUSION: High TG and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) are main risk factors of ISI in the rat model, and SFC could increase ISI, decrease high blood lipids and prevent IGT.
Incidence of cardiac autonomic neuropathy and its correlation with retinopathy, micro-albuminuria and glycated haemoglobin in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Forty non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM patients were subjected to bedside evaluation of cardiovascular autonomic reflexes. Autonomic neuropathy was detected in 23 patients (57.5%); orthostatic hypotension in 6 (15%), abnormal blood pressure response to sustained handgrip in 8 (20%), abnormal Valsalva ratio in 10 (25%), abnormal heart rate response to deep breathing in 12 (30%) and abnormal heart rate response to standing in 11 patients (27.5%). Incidence of parasympathetic neuropathy was 57.5% in comparison to 20% sympathetic neuropathy One abnormal cardiac reflex was seen in 6 (15%), 2 in 13 (32.5%) and 3 or more in 4 patients (10%). Raised glycated haemoglobin was seen in 17 patients,retinopathy in 3 and micro-albuminuria in 11 patients with autonomic dysfunction and in 13, 0 and 3 patients respectively in NIDDM patients without autonomic neuropathy. Positive correlation of cardiac autonomic neuropathy was seen with retinopathy and micro-albuminuria.
Polymorphisms in the von Willebrand factor gene are not associated with proliferative retinopathy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Von Willebrand factor, a multimeric glycoprotein synthesized mainly by endothelial cells, is involved in platelet adhesion and aggregation and has an important role in the process of angiogenesis. Increased levels of von Willebrand factor, reflecting activation or damage of endothelial cells, have been described in association with proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR). We investigated the relationships of two polymorphisms (-1793G/C and Thr789Ala) in the von Willebrand factor gene with PDR. Genotypes were detected by polymerase chain reactions with subsequent restrictions with specific endonucleases. Allele frequencies were determined in an association study (n = 371) comprising three groups of subjects (diabetics with and without retinopathy and nondiabetics). Allele frequencies of the -1793G/C and Thr789Ala did not differ between the non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) + PDR and the NIDDM non-PDR groups (p > 0.05). However, a statistically significant difference in allele and genotype frequencies of the -1793G/C was proved between all NIDDM versus nondiabetic subjects (p = 0.024 and 0.0065, respectively) with allele G and genotype GG being significantly more frequent in the NIDDM group. Calculated odds ratio for the GG genotype was 1.20 (95% CI, 0.77-1.86). Although significantly higher plasma von Willebrand factor antigen levels in NIDDM patients with PDR have been described in several studies, our findings indicate that no association exists between the two polymorphisms and PDR. However, the -1793G/C polymorphism might affect the risk of NIDDM. Copyright 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel
An etiologic model proposing that non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is chronic hypoxic stress hyperglycemia.; This etiologic model equates non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) to chronic hypoxic stress hyperglycemia produced by increased stimulation of the sympathetic nervous system and hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis. In the initial stages of the disease, hypoxia is believed to result from hemodilutional anemia precipitated by a reduction in vascular smooth muscle tone. The reduction increases lumen diameter necessitating an increased blood volume to maintain pressure. Increased lumen diameter may also trigger atherosclerotic changes that characterize the later stages of NIDDM. The increased diameter decreases the shear stress experienced by endothelial cells and they respond by releasing endothelin, a smooth muscle constrictor and mitogen. The constricting action is hypothesized to be relatively ineffective in NIDDM leading to long-term endothelin release and activation of its mitogenic properties. The resulting increase in the number of smooth muscle cells may explain the intimal thickening of atherosclerosis. Restoration of vascular muscle tone is proposed as a treatment strategy for mild NIDDM.
Oral health in the elderly with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a common endocrine disease affecting the elderly in particular. Long-term complications involve the vasculature; vision, renal, and neural function; and the periodontium. Knowledge about the oral health of the elderly and the effects of NIDDM is limited. The objective of this study was to compare the oral health of patients aged 60+ years, who have NIDDM, with patients who do not have NIDDM. To evaluate oral health, we recorded retention and condition of the teeth, periodontal health, and condition of the oral mucosa. We also assessed oral hygiene, smoking history, regularity of dental checkups, and medication use. The study group was selected from among patients who came to the ambulatory care clinic at University of Medicine and Dentistry, New Jersey, Center for Aging with a diagnosis of NIDDM. The control group, which did not have NIDDM, was selected from among the same patient group and was matched for age and gender. Patients with severe dementia, those having fewer than 10 teeth or those who were in need of antibiotic prophylaxis were excluded from the study. Patients underwent a short interview and a clinical evaluation. Our study involved 32 elderly adults with NIDDM and 40 elderly adults who did not have NIDDM. Both groups had similar oral hygiene levels and regularity of professional dental care. In addition, the plasma glucose levels among the study group were well controlled. This study did not show statistically significant differences in oral health parameters between participants with diabetes and those in a control group.
The effect of age, body mass index, and fasting triglyceride level on postprandial lipemia is dependent on apolipoprotein E polymorphism in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The aim of this study was to evaluate in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) subjects the respective influence of apolipoprotein (apo) E polymorphism, age, gender, weight, fasting triglyceride (TG) status, and glycemic status on postprandial lipemia. Apo E genotyping was performed in consecutive NIDDM hospitalized patients in order to recruite size-adjusted groups of each apo E genotype. In 57 NIDDM including 22 E3/3 (E3), 18 E2/3 (E2), and 17 E4/3 (E4) subjects, an 8-hour vitamin A-fat loading test was performed and TG and retinyl palmitate (RP) measured. Fasting TG level correlated with the TG area under the incremental curve (AUIC) (r = 0.512, P <.001) but not with RP AUIC. Despite not different fasting and postprandial TG concentrations, E2 and E4 carriers exhibited a 2- to 3-fold higher RP AUIC than E3 carriers (P =.01). Multivariate analysis indicated an age x apo E interaction on postprandial TG (P <.01), since the unfavorable effect of E2 and E4 allele on TG AUIC was unmasked by aging. In addition, a fasting TG x apo E interaction on postprandial TG was shown (P <.01), and the correlation between fasting TG and TG AUIC was actually restricted to E2 or E4 carriers. Finally, the negative correlation between BMI and postprandial TG observed in the experimental group was actually restricted to E4 carriers (r = -0.77, P <.001). Our results indicate interactions between apo E polymorphism and aging, fasting TG level and BMI that may be important for analyzing postprandial TG clearance in NIDDM. Copyright 2002, Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved.
Evidence of impaired gallbladder function in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus by quantitative cholescintigraphy.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is considered to predispose impaired gallbladder function and an increased prevalence of gallbladder disease. The aim of this study was to evaluate the gallbladder function of patients with NIDDM by quantitative technetium-99m-labeled imino-diacetic acid analogue (Tc-99m DISIDA) cholescintigraphy. One hundred and forty-five NIDDM patients (100 males, 45 females; age: 58.7+/-9.5 years) with the absence of autonomic or peripheral neuropathy and without gallbladder or liver disorders were enrolled in this study. The patients were categorized by blood sugar control (HbA(1c)> or =10% as a poor blood sugar control group and HbA(1c)<10% as a good blood sugar control group) and disease duration (diabetic duration > or =10 years as a longer-duration group and diabetic duration <10 years as a shorter-duration group). In addition, 60 normal controls (38 males, 22 females; age: 59.1+/-10.2 years) were also studied for comparison. All NIDDM patients and normal controls underwent Tc-99m DISIDA cholescintigraphy, and the filling fraction (FF) and ejection fraction (EF) of gallbladder were calculated. The results showed significant difference between (1) NIDDM patients versus normal controls in FF and EF, (2) poor versus good blood sugar control of NIDDM patients in FF and EF, and (3) longer versus shorter disease duration of NIDDM patients in FF and EF. Our study, including a large number of subjects, showed that gallbladder function of patients with NIDDM is more impaired than the normal controls; and impaired gallbladder function in NIDDM patients is related to disease duration and blood sugar control.
No evidence for involvement of the calpain-10 gene 'high-risk' haplotype combination for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in early onset obesity.; In light of evidence of linkage of obesity to chromosome 2q31-q37, we hypothesized that the calpain-10 gene 'high-risk' haplotype combination for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is involved in early onset obesity. We screened the NIDDM 'high-risk'-haplotype combination formed by the alleles 112 and 121 of the polymorphisms UCSNP-43, -19, and -63 in 166 families consisting of an extremely obese child or adolescent (mean BMI percentile: 99.3+/-1.38), one or more obese sibs (mean BMI percentile: 97.42+/-2.88), and both of their parents. Genotyping for three calpain-10 gene polymorphisms was performed by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) with (a) length polymorphism detection (UCSNP-19) or (b) allele-specific PCR (UCSNP-43 and -63). To allow for correct haplotype assignment all individuals were additionally genotyped for two microsatellite markers (D2S125 and D2S2338). We followed a hierarchical test procedure. As the first step, model-free linkage analysis was performed using maximum likelihood binomial statistics. The second stage consisted of a one-sided asymptotic pedigree disequilibrium test for the UCSNP-43 and on an exploratory level for the other SNP-markers and all haplotypes formed by the three SNPs. The final stage investigated the reported haplotype combination. We failed to detect an initial linkage of obesity to this region (LOD score <0.4). All subsequent exploratory analyses were negative. Our analysis of the relationship between the NIDDM 'high-risk' haplotype combination and extreme early onset obesity revealed no evidence for linkage and association. Copyright (c) 2002 Elsevier Science (USA).
The influence of smoking and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus on periodontal disease.; The periodontal health of smokers and non-smokers with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and non-smokers with periodontitis who were not suffering from a systemic disease was assessed. The investigation was carried out on 60 adult subjects. Levels of blood glucose, glycosylated haemoglobin and immunoglobulins G, A and M were determined, together with the plaque index, gingival index, probing pocket depths and clinical attachment level. Periodontitis was more severe in smokers and non-smokers with NIDDM than non-smokers without NIDDM, and the periodontal condition (clinical attachment level, probing pocket depth and gingival bleeding) was better in non-smokers with NIDDM than smokers with NIDDM. The results suggest that diabetes and smoking are high-risk factors for periodontal disease.
MHC class I chain-related gene a alleles distinguish malnutrition-modulated diabetes, insulin-dependent diabetes, and non-insulin- dependent diabetes mellitus patients from eastern India.; Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) is a polygenic disorder with an autoimmune basis for disease development. In addition to HLA, a second susceptibility locus for IDDM has been identified to lie in the major histocompatibility class III region. MIC-A is located in the MHC class III region and is expressed by monocytes, keratinocytes, and endothelial cells. Sequence determination of the MIC-A gene identifies trinucleotide repeat (GCT) microsatellite polymorphism in exon 5. Five alleles with 4, 5, 6, and 9 repetitions of GCT or 5 repetitions of GCT with 1 additional nucleotide insertion (GGCT) are identified. The alleles are A4, A5, A5.1, A6, and A9. The aim of our study was to find the association of MIC-A alleles with IDDM, malnutrition-modulated diabetes mellitus (MMDM), and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. IDDM (n = 52), MMDM (n = 41), NIDDM (n = 212), and healthy controls (n = 73) from Cuttack, in eastern India, were studied. Of the 212 NIDDM patients analyzed, 96 of them were found to be positive for either GAD65 or IA-2 antibodies. Autoantibodies to GAD65 and IA-2 were measured by radioligand binding assay using (35)S-labeled recombinant human GAD65 and IA-2 in an in vitro transcription/translation system. Autoantibody-positive NIDDM patients (n = 96) and adult healthy controls for NIDDM (n = 113) were also compared. These autoantibody-positive NIDDM patients are considered as slow-onset IDDM or latent autoimmune diabetes in adults (LADA) patients. The samples were analyzed for MIC-A by PCR amplification, and fragment sizes were determined in an ABI prism DNA sequencer. The results of the MIC-A typing are: allele 9 of MIC-A is positively associated (OR 3.62; P < 0.001), and allele 4 is negatively associated (OR 0.31; P < 0.05) with MMDM patients compared to controls. Allele 5 is positively associated with IDDM (OR 2.64; P < 0.05) when compared to controls. Allele 5.1 is positively associated in the autoantibody-positive NIDDM patients compared to adult controls. Our findings of a significant increase of allele A9 in MMDM patients compared to healthy controls suggest that MMDM is immunogenetically different from IDDM in eastern India. MIC-A is important in the pathogenesis of MMDM patients from Cuttack. MIC-A alleles distinguish acute-onset IDDM from slow-onset IDDM, indicating that this molecule may be important for delaying the onset of IDDM with the result that these patients are diagnosed clinically as NIDDM.
Serial change in 123I-MIBG myocardial scintigraphy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; PURPOSE: We performed 123I-MIBG (MIBG) myocardial scintigraphy twice in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) to investigate whether MIBG distribution was improved by pertinent clinical control. To determine the influential factors for MIBG distribution, we investigated the association between various clinical parameters and the serial change in MIBG uptake parameters., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Twenty NIDDM patients with no cardiac disorders were evaluated. Planar images were taken at 30 minutes (early) and 3 hours (delayed) after MIBG injection. The heart-to-upper-mediastinum uptake ratio (H/M) and washout ratio (WR) were calculated as parameters for estimating cardiac sympathetic function. Patients were divided into two groups, eight in the improved group and twelve in the unimproved group, according to the serial change in H/M. The mean interval between the baseline and the follow up study was 2.1 +/- 0.6 year. Differences between the means of the laboratory data in patients in both groups were compared for the baseline and the follow up study by using the paired t-test. As a means of determining the influential factors for a serial change of MIBG uptake, Fisher's exact test was performed to evaluate the association between the serial change in cardiac MIBG parameters and changes in other clinical parameters, such as blood sugar (BS) control, BS control method (insulin therapy), serum cholesterol control, and severity of diabetic complications. We also analyzed the association between the changes in CV(R-R) (coefficient variance of R-R intervals at rest ECG) or NCV (velocity of posterior tibial nerve) and those of other clinical parameters. Associations among these neurological parameters (MIBG parameters, CV(R-R) and NCV) were also analyzed., RESULTS: Paired t-tests showed a significant decrease in fasting blood sugar and fructosamine in the improved group in the follow up study compared to those in the baseline study. Nevertheless, Fisher's exact test showed no significant association between FBS, HbA1C, fructosamine and the improvement in cardiac MIBG uptake. The only significant association was observed between the serial change in H/M and the BS-control method (insulin therapy). Within the neurological parameters, a significant association was noted between the serial changes in H/M and CV(R-R)., CONCLUSION: Although BS control was likely to be an important factor, it did not always ameliorate cardiac MIBG uptake. Based on the significant association between the BS-control method (insulin therapy) and MIBG uptake change, the severity of diabetes mellitus was likely to be a more influential factor. It was suggested that cardiac MIBG uptake could improve within the mild stage if controlled by diet therapy or an oral hypoglycemic agent in NIDDM.
Terbinafine (Lamisil) treatment of toenail onychomycosis in patients with insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a multicentre trial.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus (DM) affects an estimated 175 million people world-wide. Approximately one-third of patients with DM have toenail onychomycosis., OBJECTIVES: To determine the efficacy and safety of terbinafine treatment of toenail onychomycosis in patients with DM receiving insulin and/or oral antidiabetic agents. Special interest was focused on potential drug interactions with oral hypoglycaemic substances., METHODS: In a multicentre trial, patients suffering from insulin-dependent DM (IDDM) or non- insulin-dependent DM (NIDDM) with toenail onychomycosis were treated for 12 weeks with oral terbinafine 250 mg daily and followed up to 48 weeks. In addition to clinical, mycological and laboratory investigations, blood glucose levels were monitored., RESULTS: At the end of the trial (week 48), a mycological cure rate of 73% was achieved. The rates of clinical cure and complete cure (mycological cure plus clinical cure) were 57% and 48%, respectively. There was no statistically significant difference between the NIDDM and IDDM groups with respect to the cure rates (P > 0.05). No hypoglycaemic episode was reported and none of the patients had hypoglycaemia during the treatment phase., CONCLUSIONS: With excellent cure rates and a good tolerability profile, terbinafine should continue to be a drug of choice for the treatment of toenail onychomycosis in the rising number of NIDDM patients receiving multiple medication.
Preliminary report: BGLIIA-BGLIIB haplotype of growth hormone cluster is associated with glucose intolerance in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and with growth hormone deficit in growth retardation.; We studied 101 growth-retarded children from the population of Ancona (Italy). Plasma growth hormone (GH) levels at the end of insulin and clonidine tests were considered for classification of children into 3 categories according to severity of GH deficit: total deficit of GH (TD), partial deficit (PD, and familiar short stature (FSS; no deficit of GH). The BGLIIA*2/BGLIIB*1 haplotype of GH cluster that was previously found to be negatively associated with severe glucose intolerance in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is negatively associated with GH deficit in growth-retarded children. The hypothesis that intrauterine growth retardation and glucose intolerance in adult life could be phenotypes of the same underlying genotype has been recently put forward. The present observation suggests that genes influencing both growth and glucose tolerance are encoded in the GH cluster. Copyright 2002 by W.B. Saunders Company
[Relation of hypertension to diabetic nephropathy in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus--a pair-matched case-control study].; OBJECTIVE: The study aimed to assess the role of hypertension in the cause of nephropathy in patients with NIDDM., METHODS: A retrospective analysis was done on two groups of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients, one group without proteinuria (< 300 mg/24 h, n = 106) and the other group with proteinuria (> or = 500 mg/24 h, n = 106). The groups were matched by age (< or = +/- 3) years, sex, race, and resident place. Some information of these subjects including demographic, history of disease, family history of diseases, life and behavior style variables were obtained by questionnaire, some variables were measured including systolic blood pressure(SBP), diastolic blood pressure(DBP), fasting blood glucose, and quantity of protein in 24 h urine. Finally the conditional logistic regression analysis was done., RESULTS: Some factors were independently associated with the occurrence risk of diabetic nephropathy (DN) associated history of hypertension, longer duration of hypertension, higher levels of the past highest SBP and DBP. Their corresponding odd ratios(OR) with 95% confidence intervals(CI) were 2.00(1.17-3.43), 1.25(1.08-1.46), 1.38(1.15-1.66), and 1.33(1.09-1.62) respectively. But family history of hypertension was not significantly associated with the development of DN. When the above-mentioned relations were adjusted by some relevant confounding factors, the associations were still present., CONCLUSIONS: History and longer duration of hypertension, history of the highest SBP and DBP are independent risk factors for DN.
Total antioxidant status in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients in Ghana.; Total antioxidant status (TAS) was measured in thirty-five (35) non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients aged 40 to 65 (mean +/- SE 49.6 +/- 1.0) years. Patients were on diet and oral hypoglycaemic drug (Daonil) therapy with fasting plasma glucose (FPG) >7.8mmol/l. Similar measurements were carried out in thirty-four apparently healthy individuals within the same age range (mean + SE 46.3 +/- 1.1 years) and FPG <6.4 mmol/L. FPG was measured by glucose oxidase method and TAS by colorimetric method. Comparing the two groups, TAS was significantly reduced in the NIDDM patients (p<0.001). An inverse correlation between FPG and TAS suggests the existence of lower antioxidant defence in uncontrolled NIDDM. A good control of FPG accompanied with antioxidant therapy could help reduce free radical activity and minimise complications associated with increased free radical activity in diabetic patients.
Prostanoid release and constrictor responses to noradrenaline in the rat mesenteric vascular bed in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; 1. The administration of streptozotocin (STZ) to 2-day old rats induced a non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)-like state, with mild hyperglycaemia and no alterations in body weight at the adult age. 2. In the isolated and perfused mesenteric vascular bed of NIDDM animals, the constrictor responses to either noradrenaline (NA) or potassium chloride (KCl) were not modified as compared with age-matched non-diabetic controls. 3. The reduction in NA contractions induced by the cyclooxygenase inhibitor, 10 microM indomethacin in the control group was absent in the NIDDM rats. 4. The increase in the NA-induced contractions caused by endothelium removal was suppressed by indomethacin in the controls but not in the NIDDM group. 5. The prostanoid release from the mesenteric vascular beds of NIDDM rats was markedly reduced as compared with non-diabetic controls. Noradrenaline increased production of the constrictor prostaglandin (PG) F2alpha in control but not in NIDDM rats. 6. In summary, these results show that in STZ-induced NIDDM rats, there is an impairment of the prostanoid production, as well as a suppression of the role of prostanoids in the contractile effects of NA in the mesenteric vascular bed. These alterations are more severe than those previously observed in a model of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), in which hyperglycaemia and reduction of body weight were more marked. The conclusion is that, in these models of diabetes and in the preparation studied, vascular alterations and modifications of glycaemia and body weight are not closely related.
What does the presence of hypertension portend in the Nigerian with non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; 132 Nigerians with Non Insulin -dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were divided into two groups (NIDDM) patients with hypertension and those without) and their clinico-laboratory parameters were studied and analyzed. Their mean age (SD) was 59.5+/-9 years. Body mass index (BMI) was 25.2+/-3.5 kg/m2 and the duration of DM was 6.9+/-6 years. The prevalence of hypertension was 55(41.6%) No significant difference were observed in the age, sex ratio and BMI of both groups but the duration of DM showed a statistical difference between the two groups. However, laboratory parameters such as fasting blood glucose, serum urea, creatinine clearance and degree of proteinuria all showed statistically significant difference between the hypertensive and normotensive groups. Also the hypertensive diabetic group were observed to have more end organ damage i.e peripheral neuropathy, diabetic retinopathy and diabetic nephropathy than the normotensive diabetics. We conclude that, hypertension in NIDDM patients has prognostic implications and so more aggressive efforts be made in detecting and controlling hypertension in DM patients.
HFE mutations in African-American women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The aim of this study was to compare the frequencies of HFE mutations in African-American women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) to that of controls and to determine whether these mutations are associated with NIDDM and iron overload. We studied 167 African-American women with NIDDM. The 71 non-diabetic controls were African-American female controls. HLA-A and -B typing and HFE mutation analysis for C282Y and H63D alleles were performed using standard molecular genetic techniques. The frequencies of C282Y and H63D were not significantly different in NIDDM patients and controls. C282Y was observed in 0.59% of patients and 1.41% of controls. H63D was observed in 2.99% of patients and 3.08% of controls. All of the NIDDM patients who possessed either C282Y or H63D mutations had normal values of serum ferritin, serum iron and transferrin saturation. A woman who inherited C282Y also possessed HLA-A3, -B7 which is considered part of the ancestral haplotype containing the gene predisposing to hemochromatosis in Caucasians. The frequencies of C282Y and H63D vary in African Americans from different geographic regions of the United States; this variance can be explained by Caucasian admixture. Although most iron overload cases in African Americans bear more resemblance to cases of African iron overload than to those of Caucasian hemochromatosis, rare cases resembling Caucasian hemochromatosis have been observed in African Americans.
Myocardial glucose utilization and optimization of (18)F-FDG PET imaging in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease, and left ventricular dysfunction.; UNLABELLED: In patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), FDG PET imaging is often problematic because of poor uptake of FDG. Different protocols have been used; however, these have not been directly compared in patients with NIDDM who have both coronary artery disease (CAD) and severe left ventricular (LV) dysfunction, for which defining viability is most relevant. The aim of this study was to better define the optimal means of FDG PET imaging, assessed by image quality and myocardial glucose utilization rate (rMGU), among 3 imaging protocols in patients with NIDDM, CAD, and severe LV dysfunction., METHODS: Ten patients with NIDDM, CAD, and severe LV dysfunction (mean ejection fraction, 29.8% +/- 7.1%) underwent dynamic FDG PET scanning using 3 different protocols: the standard protocol, consisting of oral glucose loading or a supplemental insulin bolus based on fasting glucose; the niacin protocol, consisting of pretreatment with niacin to lower free fatty acids; and the insulin clamp protocol, consisting of hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp. Image quality was satisfactory with at least 1 approach in 8 patients, who formed the primary analysis group., RESULTS: Myocardium-to-blood-pool ratios were significantly higher with the insulin clamp (standard, 1.7 +/- 1.2; niacin, 1.6 +/- 1.0; insulin clamp, 3.4 +/- 2.5 [P < 0.05 vs. standard and niacin]). Values for rMGU were higher with the insulin clamp (standard, 0.11 +/- 0.07 micromol/g/min; niacin, 0.12 +/- 0.11 micromol/g/min; insulin clamping, 0.22 +/- 0.12 micromol/g/min [P = 0.004 vs. standard and 0.07 vs. niacin])., CONCLUSION: The hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp yielded the highest FDG PET image quality and the highest rMGU in a comparison with the standard and niacin protocols in this difficult group of patients with NIDDM, CAD, and severe LV dysfunction. The hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp may be the preferred method for FDG PET viability imaging in this population. Larger clinical trials are needed to assess whether accuracy is greater with this approach.
Left ventricular systolic and diastolic functional abnormalities in asymptomatic patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The aim of this study was to evaluate the relations between left ventricular (LV) functional abnormalities, microangiopathy, and autonomic dysfunction in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We studied 66 normotensive patients with NIDDM of > or =4 years' duration (age, 51 +/- 4.5 years; 35 men) and no clinical evidence of cardiac disease. Twenty-one healthy subjects matched for age and sex served as a control group. Echocardiography and Doppler studies were performed to assess LV systolic and diastolic function. Microangiopathy was assessed by fundus examination. Autonomic function was assessed by standing blood pressure and heart rate response to Valsalva maneuver. Patients with NIDDM had a lower ejection fraction (58% +/- 11% versus 66% +/- 4%, P <.0001), E-F deceleration slope (382 +/- 75 versus 427 +/- 31 cm/s(2), P <.05), and E velocity (55 +/- 11 vs. 58 +/- 6 cm/s, P =.02) of the mitral diastolic flow, compared with control subjects, respectively. Patients with ejection fraction <50% had a higher prevalence of retinopathy (65% versus 29%, P <.005), abnormal blood pressure response to standing (53% versus 8%, P <.0005), and proteinuria (65% versus 27%, P =.006). An inverse correlation was found between the duration of diabetes and both the ejection fraction (r = -0.53, P <.05) and E/A ratio (r = -0.4, P <.005). E/A ratio <1 was associated with a higher prevalence of retinopathy (49% versus 20%, P =.01) and abnormal blood pressure response to standing (29% versus 4%, P <.005). Patients with NIDDM and no symptoms of cardiovascular disease have a reduced LV systolic and diastolic function as compared with healthy subjects. LV systolic and diastolic abnormalities are correlated with the duration of diabetes and with other diabetic microangiopathies such as diabetic retinopathy and neuropathy.
Relative risk of conversion from normoglycaemia to impaired glucose tolerance or non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in polycystic ovarian syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Cross-sectional studies have shown a high frequency of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). However, little is known about the change in glucose tolerance that occurs over a period of several years in women with PCOS., METHODS: Sixty-seven women with PCOS received a 75 g glucose tolerance test and measurement of lipids at baseline and at follow-up after an average time of 6.2 years. All women followed prospectively had normal glucose tolerance (n = 54) or IGT (n = 13) at the start of the study., RESULTS: Change in glycaemic control from baseline was frequent, with 5/54 (9%) of normoglycaemic women at baseline developing IGT and a further 4/54 (8%) moving directly from normoglycaemic to NIDDM. For women with IGT at baseline, 7/13 (54%) had NIDDM at follow-up. Body mass index (BMI) at baseline was an independent significant predictor of adverse change in glycaemic control., CONCLUSIONS: Women with PCOS, particularly those with a high BMI, should be reviewed regularly with respect to IGT or NIDDM, as the frequency of impaired glycaemic control is high, and that the rate of conversion from normal glucose tolerance to IGT or NIDDM, or from IGT to NIDDM is substantial.
[Heterogeneity of causes of proteinuria in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; AIM: To make a retrospective clinicomorphological (autopsy) study of proteinuria causes., MATERIAL AND METHODS: The records have been analysed for 231 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) over 60 years of age who died in a general hospital between 1990 and 1999. The choice of patients with diabetic nephropathy (DN) for a further morphological investigation was based on the presence of proteinuria (> 0.5 g/day), normal renal function. 72 patients met the above criteria. Of them 26 were women., RESULTS: Proteinuria occurred more frequently in men (63.4%). A morphological examination of the kidneys revealed diabetic glomerulosclerosis (diffuse and focal) in 48(67%) patients. In 24(33%) patients proteinuria resulted from non-diabetic affection of the kidneys: amyloidosis, atherosclerotic and/or hypertensive nephroangiosclerosis, membraneous and myelomic nephropathy, mesangioproliferative glomerulonephritis. Glomerular changes were not registered in 4 patients. 35(72%) DN patients had diabetic retinopathy which was not found in patients with non-diabetic renal affection., CONCLUSION: Diabetic retinopathy in patients with NIDDM and proteinuria allows to conclude that the latter is consequent to DN. The absence of diabetic retinopathy in such patients promotes a search for other causes of proteinuria.
Obesity as a risk factor for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Korea.; Most Korean patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) have been reported not to be obese, and many of them lost weight significantly during the course of their disease. In this regard, a retrospective cohort study was conducted to determine the relationship between body mass index (BMI, kg/m2) and the risk for NIDDM among Koreans. Subjects who had received a medical examination from 1990 to 1991 and who were available for the detection of NIDDM until September 1999 were included. Subjects who initially had diabetes or were diagnosed as diabetic within 1 yr after enrollment were excluded. We reviewed the medical records of final cohort of 2,531 subjects. Follow-up of this cohort revealed 117 cases with diabetes with an incident of 7.8 per 1,000 person-years. Compared with those with BMI less than 23 kg/m2, the adjusted relative risks for diabetes mellitus for those with BMI of 23-24.9, 25-26.9, and greater than 27 kg/m2 were 0.85 (0.47-1.50), 1.29 (0.72-2.31), and 3.38 (1.22-4.63), respectively, for men (p for trend<0.01) and as for 9.14 (1.99-41.8), 7.36 (1.47-36.8), and 14.5 (3.03-69.2), respectively, for women (p for trend<0.01). These data indicate a direct relationship between obesity and the risk for the development of diabetes, emphasizing the importance of weight control for the prevention of NIDDM in Koreans.
Pulmonary function in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: In type I diabetes mellitus, lung function has been investigated in several clinical studies, but there are few data concerning pulmonary function abnormalities in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to assess the presence of pulmonary function abnormalities in patients with NIDDM and to verify the possible associations between diabetic renal microangiopathy, retinopathy and diabetes control., METHOD AND PATIENTS: Thirty patients with NIDDM were collected and divided into two similar groups: subjects with retinopathy and/or diabetic glomerulopathy (group 1, n = 15) and patients without any complications (group 2, n = 15). 17 were males and 13 females, aged from 45 to 81 years. They had had diabetes for 3-23 years and were studied at the Division of Internal Medicine, with an outpatient service for diabetic patients. All patients were non-smokers. The presence of diabetic glomerulopathy was determined by measuring the 24-hour protein excretion rate using the nephelometric method. The presence of retinopathy was determined by using ophthalmoscopy. Glycosylated hemoglobin was measured as an indicator of glycemic control. We performed a global spirometry and measured pulmonary diffusion capacity by the single-breath method corrected by alveolar volume., RESULTS: We found a significant reduction in lung diffusion capacity for carbon monoxide (DL(CO)) in the group of patients with other signs of diabetic microangiopathy (p < 0.005) and a significative correlation between DL(CO )and the grade of albuminuria (r = -0.83, p < 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: Pulmonary function abnormalities, in particular a reduction in diffusion capacity, are common in patients with NIDDM and signs of diabetic microangiopathy. A possible explanation is related to an impaired pulmonary microvasculature and alveolar epithelial basal lamina. Copyright 2001 S. Karger AG, Basel
The effect of 3-month ingestion of Ginkgo biloba extract (EGb 761) on pancreatic beta-cell function in response to glucose loading in individuals with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; In the first report (Journal of Clinical Pharmacology 2000; 40:647-654), it was shown that ingestion of 120 mg of Ginkgo biloba extract (EGb 761) daily for 3 months by normal glucose-tolerant individuals caused a significant increase in pancreatic beta-cell insulin and C-peptide response, measured as the area under the curve (AUC0-->120) during a 2-hour standard (75 g) oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). This follow-up study was designed to determine the effect of the same Ginkgo biloba treatment on glucose-stimulated pancreatic beta-cell function in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) subjects. In diet-controlled subjects (fasting plasma glucose [FPG], 117 +/- 16 mg/dl; fasting plasma insulin [FPI], 29 +/- 8 microU/ml; n = 6), ingestion of Ginkgo biloba produced no significant effect on the insulin AUC0-->120 (193 +/- 53 vs. 182 +/- 58 microU/ml/h, before and after ingesting Ginkgo biloba, respectively). In hyperinsulinemic NIDDM subjects taking oral hypoglycemic medications (n = 6) (FPG 143 +/- 48 mg/dl; FPI 46 +/- 13 microU/ml), ingestion of Ginkgo biloba caused blunted plasma insulin levels from 30 to 120 minutes during the OGTT, leading to a reduction of the insulin AUC0-->120 (199 +/- 33 vs. 147 +/- 58 microU/ml/h, before and after Ginkgo biloba, respectively). The C-peptide levels increased, and so the AUC0-->120 did not parallel the insulin AUC0-->120, creating a dissimilar insulin/C-peptide ratio indicative of an enhanced hepatic extraction of insulin relative to C-peptide. Thus, in pancreatic beta-cells that are already maximally stimulated, ingestion of Ginkgo biloba may cause a reduction in plasma insulin levels. Only in NIDDM subjects with pancreatic exhaustion (FPG 152 +/- 46 mg/dl; FPI 16 +/- 8 microU/ml; n = 8), who also took oral hypoglycemic agents, did Ginkgo biloba ingestion significantly increase pancreatic beta-cell function in response to glucose loading (insulin AUC0-->120 increased from 51 +/- 29 to 98 +/- 20 microU/ml/h, p < 0.0001), paralleled by a C-peptide AUC0-->120 increase from 7.2 +/- 2.8 to 13.7 +/- 6.8 (p < 0.0001). Whether this increase is due to "resuscitation" of previously exhausted islets or increased activity of only the remaining functional islets is unclear. However, not even in this group did increased pancreatic beta-cell activity cause a reduction of blood glucose during the OGTT. It is concluded that ingestion of Ginkgo biloba extract by an NIDDM subject may increase the hepatic metabolic clearance rate of not only insulin but also the hypoglycemic agents. The result is reduced insulin-mediated glucose metabolism and elevated blood glucose.
Duration of non-Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and the TNF-beta NcoI genotype as predictive factors in proliferative diabetic retinopathy.; The object of the study was to investigate the share of the polymorphisms I/D ACE, endothelin 1 4127G/A and TNF-beta NcoI in the susceptibility to proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR) in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Genotypes were detected by polymerase chain reactions and determined in a set of 246 Caucasian NIDDM subjects with defined PDR status. The relevance of genotypes and clinical characteristics to the PDR occurrence was tested using multiple linear regression models and discrimination analysis. The best predictive value for PDR was given by a combination of two parameters - NIDDM duration and the TNF-beta genotype (p < 1.10(-6) and p = 1.10(-2), respectively) with a correct retrograde prediction of 82.6%. A comparison of the TNF-beta NcoI allele frequencies revealed no difference between NIDDM and nondiabetic subjects (n = 176), but a statistically significant difference was found between PDR and non-PDR NIDDM subjects (after a correction for the number of comparisons p = 0.03), allele beta2 being associated with PDR. Our results identified the allele variant TNF-beta2 being associated with PDR in NIDDM. Diabetes duration and the TNF-beta NcoI genotype were proven to significantly predict PDR occurrence. The TNF-beta2 allele could be regarded as a separate genetic risk factor that increases the relative incidence of PDR in patients with NIDDM. Copyright 2001 S. Karger AG, Basel
Endothelial dysfunction in small resistance arteries of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Arterial hypertension is frequently associated with the presence of endothelial dysfunction in human subcutaneous small resistance arteries, as evaluated by responses to acetylcholine or bradykinin; however it is not known whether patients with diabetes mellitus show similar alterations. Therefore, we have investigated endothelial function in subcutaneous arteries of normotensive subjects (NT), of patients with essential hypertension (EH), of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), as well as of patients with both essential hypertension and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM+EH)., PATIENTS AND METHODS: All subjects were submitted to a biopsy of the subcutaneous fat Small arteries were dissected and mounted on a micromyograph. The media to lumen ratio (M/L) was calculated. A concentration-response curve to acetylcholine, to bradykinin as well as to the endothelium-independent vasodilator sodium nitroprusside were performed. We also evaluated the contractile response to endothelin-1. Intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) and vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM-1) plasma levels were also measured., RESULTS: The vasodilatation to acetylcholine and bradykinin (but not to sodium nitroprusside) was significantly and similarly reduced in EH, in NIDDM, and in NIDDM+EH compared with NT. The contractile response to endothelin-1 was similarly reduced in EH, in NIDDM and in NIDDM+EH. Plasma ICAM-1 and VCAM-1 concentrations were higher in EH, NIDDM and NIDDM+EH than in NT., CONCLUSIONS: An evident endothelial dysfunction was detected in patients with NIDDM, and the simultaneous presence of EH did not seem to exert an additive effect. The contractile responses to endothelin-1 were reduced possibly as a consequence of ET(A) receptor down-regulation.
[Polymorphism of catalase and glutathione peroxidase genes in macrovascular complications in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and hypertension].; Allelic and genotypic distributions of the polymorphic markers C1167T and Pro197Leu of the genes of catalase (CAT) and glutathione peroxidase (GPX1), respectively, were studied in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and hypertension without complications (the control group, n = 52) and with complications: myocardial infarction (MI, n = 53) or stroke (n = 50). No significant differences were found between complicated and uncomplicated patients with respect to the allelic or phenotypic distribution. Thus, there were no association between these polymorphic regions and either MI or stroke in hypertensive NIDDM patients.
Impact of sulfonylurea receptor 1 genetic variability on non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus prevalence and treatment: a population study.; The high affinity sulfonylurea receptor 1 (SUR1) is involved in the metabolism of glucose in pancreatic beta-cells. We investigated the impact of the SUR1 intron 16-3t-->c polymorphism on non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) prevalence in a large representative sample of French men and women, 35-64 years old, and explored potential relationships between the SUR1 intron 16 -t-->c polymorphism and sulfonylurea therapy efficiency. This study took place in Lille (northern), Strasbourg (eastern), and Toulouse (southern France). One hundred and twenty-two subjects with NIDDM were registered. We stratified NIDDM subjects according to their medical treatment: sulfonylureas (n = 70) versus other treatments (n = 50). From the three populations, a control group was selected (n = 1,250). Subjects carrying the cc intron 16 genotype had an increased risk of NIDDM [odds ratio (OR) = 1.76, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.10-2.80; P = 0.017]. Subjects bearing at least one -3c allele and treated with sulfonylurea agents had fasting plasma triglyceride concentrations 35% lower than subjects that were tt homozygous (P = 0.026), whereas no difference could be detected between genotypes in NIDDM subjects treated with other treatments. The SUR1 intron 16 -3t-->c polymorphism was associated with an increased susceptibility to NIDDM in this population study, and seems to modulate the sulfonylurea therapy efficiency on hypertriglyceridemia reduction. This observation may help to better target the various therapies available for treatment of NIDDM. Copyright 2001 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Changes in antioxidative mechanisms in elderly patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Investigation of the redox dynamics of alpha-tocopherol in erythrocyte membranes.; BACKGROUND: Recently, it has been suggested that the onset and aggravation of diabetes are closely related to free radicals. Also, vitamin E is a lipophilic free radical scavenger that is localized mainly in biomembranes., OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to clarify the defensive mechanisms against oxidative stress by investigating the differences in the redox dynamics of alpha-tocopherol in plasma and erythrocyte membranes between elderly patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and healthy elderly subjects., METHODS: Total, alpha-, beta-, gamma- and delta-tocopherol and alpha-tocopherolquinone concentrations were determined by high-performance liquid chromatography with a redox detection mode using a series of four coulometric working electrodes., RESULTS: The alpha-tocopherolquinone/alpha-tocopherol ratio in plasma and erythrocyte membranes was not different between the two groups. Both the alpha-tocopherol concentrations in erythrocyte membranes and ratio of alpha-tocopherol in erythrocyte membranes to alpha- tocopherol in plasma was significantly lower in elderly NIDDM patients than in healthy subjects., CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that alpha-tocopherol is used normally in both plasma and erythrocyte membranes and alpha-tocopherol uptake in erythrocyte membranes is significantly decreased in elderly NIDDM patients. The functional disorder of the antioxidative activity of alpha-tocopherol in erythrocyte membranes due to impairment of this transfer mechanism may be associated with the pathogenesis of NIDDM. Copyright 2001 S. Karger AG, Basel
Mechanism of sodium load-induced hypertension in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus model rats: defective dopaminergic system to inhibit Na-K-ATPase activity in renal epithelial cells.; Obesity-related non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is frequently accompanied by hypertension. The present study was designed to clarify this mechanism. We first determined the blood pressure in male Wistar fatty rats (WFR), one of the NIDDM model rats, and in Wistar lean rats (WLR) as the control, with a normal (0.7% NaCl) or high (7% NaCl) salt diet. We observed no difference in systolic and mean blood pressures between WFR and WLR. WFR, however, became extremely hypertensive as a result of ingesting the high salt diet. We next investigated the mechanism for sodium sensitivity in WFR. Although the urinary excretion of dopamine (DA), a potent natriuretic factor, which reflects the ability for renal DA production, was preserved in WFR, the sodium balance with the high salt diet was positive. Moreover, Na-K-ATPase activity in isolated proximal convoluted tubules (PCT) from WFR with a normal salt diet was significantly (p<0.05) higher than that from WLR. A high salt load produced a significant (p<0.05) decrease in Na-K-ATPase activity in WLR but not in WFR. Similarly, Na-K-ATPase activity in WLR with a normal salt diet was significantly (p<0.05) inhibited by DA (10(-5) M), but this was not true in WFR. Furthermore, urinary excretion of norepinephrine in WFR with a high salt diet was the highest among all the groups. These results indicate that WFR tend to develop salt-sensitive hypertension that could be caused by the excessive sodium retention occurring as the results of a defective dopaminergic system in the kidney that fails to inhibit Na-K-ATPase activity. Augmentation of the renal sympathetic nervous system may play some role in this setting.
Effect of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus on myocardial insulin responsiveness in patients with ischemic heart disease.; BACKGROUND: Patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) exhibit poor clinical outcomes from myocardial ischemia. This may reflect an impairment in their cardiac insulin-response system., METHODS AND RESULTS: We used AV balance and intracoronary infusion techniques to compare the intrinsic cardiac responsiveness to insulin in 26 coronary disease patients with (n=13) and without (n=13) NIDDM. During fasting, NIDDM hearts demonstrated lower fractional extraction of glucose from arterial plasma than controls (1.0+/-0.5% versus 2.1+/-0.5%, P<0.05) despite higher circulating insulin levels (26+/-5 versus 13+/-4 microU. mL, P<0.05). This was compensated for by higher circulating glucose levels, so that net cardiac glucose uptake in the 2 groups was equivalent (5.2+/-1.1 versus 5.3+/-1.1 micromol. min). Intracoronary insulin infusion produced an approximately 3-fold increase in fractional extraction and net uptake of glucose across the heart in both groups (to 3.7+/-0.4% and 18.3+/-3.5 micromol. min in NIDDM and to 5.4+/-0.7% and 17.7+/-4.3 micromol. min in controls) accompanied by an approximately 30% increase in net lactate uptake, suggesting preserved insulin action on both glucose uptake and glucose oxidation in the NIDDM heart. In nondiabetics, insulin consistently increased coronary blood flow, but this effect was absent in NIDDM., CONCLUSIONS: In contrast to their peripheral tissues and coronary vasculature, the myocardium of patients with NIDDM expresses a competent insulin-response system with respect to glucose metabolism. This suggests that insulin resistance is mediated at the level of individual organs and that different mechanisms are involved in muscle and vascular tissue.
Detection of putative periodontal pathogens in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and non-diabetes mellitus by polymerase chain reaction.; It has been assumed that there is a relationship between periodontal diseases and diabetes mellitus, however the putative periodontal microorganisms in non-diabetes mellitus (non-DM) individuals and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients have not been well studied. In this study, the detection rates of 5 putative periodontal pathogens: Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans, Porphyromonas gingivalis, Eikenella corrodens, Treponema denticola, and Candida albicans by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) between NIDDM and non-DM adults were compared. A total of 246 adults were randomly recruited and periodontal parameters including: plaque index (P1I), gingival index (GI), probing depth (PD) and attachment level (AL) were recorded. Subgingival plaque samples were collected by sterile curettes from the most diseased and healthy sites based on PD and AL. The differences in periodontal parameters and microbiological data in healthy and diseased sites between non-DM and NIDDM patients were compared by chi-square analysis. The results showed no significant differences in age, gender, GI, P1I, PD, and prevalence of the 5 microorganisms between the NIDDM and the non-diabetic groups. However, except for A. actinomycetemcomitans, the prevalence of the periodontal microorganisms tested was significantly higher (p <0.001) in diseased sites than in the healthy sites in both groups. The P1I, GI, PD and AL were significantly higher in T. denticola positive sites than in negative sites. The results suggested that P. gingivalis, T. denticola, E. corrodens and C. albicans may play important roles in the periodontitis of both NIDDM and non-DM individuals, however the etiology of periodontitis in both groups may not be different from each other.
Structural alterations in subcutaneous small arteries of normotensive and hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: It is not presently known whether non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is associated with the presence of structural alterations in small arteries or whether the combination of hypertension and NIDDM may have an additive effect on endothelial dysfunction. Therefore, we investigated subcutaneous small arteries in 12 normotensive subjects (NT group), 18 patients with essential hypertension (EH group), 13 patients with NIDDM, and 11 patients with NIDDM and EH (NIDDM+EH group)., METHODS AND RESULTS: Subcutaneous small arteries were evaluated by a micromyographic technique. The internal diameter, the media-to-lumen ratio, remodeling and growth indices, and the collagen-to-elastin ratio were calculated. Concentration-response curves to acetylcholine, bradykinin, the endothelium-independent vasodilator sodium nitroprusside, and endothelin-1 were performed. The media-to-lumen ratio was higher in the EH, NIDDM, and NIDDM+EH groups compared with the NT group. EH patients showed the presence of eutrophic remodeling, whereas NIDDM and NIDDM+EH patients showed 40% to 46% cell growth. The collagen-to-elastin ratio was significantly increased in the EH and NIDDM+EH groups compared with the NT group. The vasodilatation to acetylcholine and bradykinin was similarly reduced in EH, NIDDM, and NIDDM+EH groups compared with the NT group. The contractile responses to endothelin-1 were similarly reduced in EH, NIDDM, and NIDDM+EH patients., CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that the effects of NIDDM and EH on small artery morphology are quantitatively similar but qualitatively different and that the presence of hypertension in diabetic patients has little additive effect on small artery morphology and none on endothelial dysfunction.
[Genetic epidemiological study on non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; OBJECTIVE: To study the general genetic pattern of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus patients., METHODS: 1,608 children were investigated for NIDDM family history, and 280 nuclear families were collected., RESULTS: The prevalence rates of NIDDM among first-degree relatives (2.38%), the parents (26.00%), the siblings (2.44%) and the offsprings (1.24%) were higher than that in general population respectively. The s/q was 10.17 by Penrose method, which was close to 1/q(1/2). The p(0) was 0.0244 by simple segregation analysis, which was lower than 0.10. The heritability of NIDDM was 0.54, using the Falconer Threshold Model., CONCLUSION: NIDDM has a familial aggregation, but not fit to the mono-genetic models. NIDDM has the feature of multifactorial inheritance.
[The effect of non-surgical periodontal therapy on blood sugar level of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus diabetics with periodontitis].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of periodontal therapy on blood sugar level of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus(NIDDM) diabetics with periodontitis., METHODS: Patients with unfavorable control of diabetes were selected from out patients of the first affiliated hospital of Sun Yat-sen University of Medical Science. The percentage of bleeding on probing, probing depth and glycosylated hemoglobin level were studied at baseline, four weeks and eight weeks after non-surgical treatment., RESULTS: The percentage of bleeding on probing and probing depth were significantly reduced in all the patients after treatment. The mean glycosylated hemoglobin level were significantly decreased in patients with advanced periodontitis while patients with moderate periodontitis showed no changes following therapy., CONCLUSIONS: The control of periodontal inflammation can improve metabolism to some extent in patients with diabetes mellitus, but the effect may relate to blood sugar level and periodontal conditions at baseline.
The mutation of insulin receptor substrate-1 gene in Chinese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To identify the relationship between mutation in the insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1) gene and the incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in the Chinese population., METHODS: Samples were obtained from 68 Chinese patients with NIDDM and 68 control subjects. The +1700-(+)4437 bp fragment of the IRS-1 gene was screened by polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-single strand conformation polymorphism (SSCP) analysis. All SSCP variations were submitted to DNA sequence analysis., RESULTS: Two amino acid variations [GGG-->AGG (G971 R) and CCT-->TCT (P1079 S)] and 3 silent mutations [GAT-->GAC(D422D), CCA-->CCC(P737 P) and GCA-->GCG (A804 A)] were identified, among which the CCA-->CCC(P737 P) and CCT-->TCT(P1079S) have not been previously reported. All five variations were found in Chinese patients with NIDDM, while GCA-->GCG(A804A) was the only one found in control subjects. The overall incidence of the five variations in Chinese patients with NIDDM were much higher than that in control subjects (38.2% vs 7.4%, chi 2 = 18.42, P < 0.01). The most common polymorphism in the Chinese population was GCA-->GCG (A804A), and its frequency was significantly higher in Chinese patients with NIDDM than in controls (26.5% vs 7.4%, chi 2 = 8.84, P < 0.01). The homozygotes of the variation in patients with NIDDM and control subjects were 8.8% and 1.5%, respectively (chi 2 = 2.41, P > 0.05)., CONCLUSION: These results indicate that there may be a relation between these nucleotide variations of IRS-1 gene and Chinese patients with NIDDM.
[Myocardial infarction in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and dependence of the quality of life on the individual psychological type].; AIM: To examine clinical features, complications, short- and long-term outcomes of myocardial infarction (MI) as well as quality of life (QL) in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), to analyze relations between the above parameters and psychologic personal traits of the patients., MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study entered 240 NIDDM patients with MI (the test group) and 260 control nondiabetic MI patients. The examination was made using standard techniques and AMPI., RESULTS: An anginal variant of initial MI in NIDDM patients was registered significantly less frequently than in the controls (76.7 vs 88.2%). The asthmatic variant occurred in 16.3 and 4.6% of the cases, respectively. In MI, NIDDM patients developed preinfarction and postinfarction angina pectoris less often than control patients (20 and 12.1% vs 71.9 and 25.7%, respectively). Mean psychological profile was high by AMPI scales 1, 2 and 6 in NIDDM patients, by scales 1, 3 and 8 in control patients., CONCLUSION: Pain syndrome in anginal initial MI in NIDDM patients is less pronounced and becomes weaker with growing duration of diabetes. Concomitant diabetes mellitus has an insignificant influence on deterioration of quality of life in the postinfarction period.
Cardiovascular mortality in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. A controlled study among 683 diabetics and 683 age- and sex-matched normal subjects.; Although non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is considered a major cause of death, the role of some independent risk factors in diabetic patients is under debate. In fact the prognosis of NIDDM diabetes varies considerably in relation to the individual risk pattern, and the different studies are not directly comparable because of differences in size, age and geography of the samples, and type of statistical analysis. The aim of the study is to identify the independent predictors of mortality in a cohort of subjects with NIDDM, and to verify whether the relative risk (RR) of cardiovascular mortality is different in comparison to that of coeval non-diabetic subjects from a general population. The study includes 683 patients with NIDDM from the Northern Italian town of Pordenone, followed up for 6 years and age- and sex-matched to 683 non-diabetic subjects from a Northern Italian general population. When the two cohorts were compared, NIDDM turned out to be a strong risk factor for cardiovascular mortality (RR: 2.67). Age, coronary artery disease (RR: 1.78), arterial hypertension (RR: 1.39), macro- (RR: 2.97) and microalbuminuria (RR: 2.01) were independent predictors of cardiovascular mortality in the diabetics. In conclusion, survival of diabetic patients is worse than that of non-diabetic coeval subjects. Only few items are able to predict cardiovascular mortality in the diabetics, namely age, hypertension, CAD, macro- and microalbuminuria.
Innate immune response mechanisms in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus patients assessed by flow cytoenzymology.; It is well known that infections in patients with diabetes mellitus are more severe, although there is controversy for increased susceptibility to them. Non-specific immune response mechanisms could be related to defense and/or susceptibility to pathogens. The aim of this study was to investigate the activity of several enzymes involved in the primary host defense mechanisms in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Twenty NIDDM females with a mean HbA(1c) level of 8.19% were included. No patient had clinical evidence of infection. As controls 20 healthy females were studied. The enzymes tested were dipeptidyl-peptidase I (DPP-I), cathepsin B and D, NADPH oxidase and superoxide dismutase (oxidative burst) and collagenase. Isolated leukocytes were incubated with the specific substrates in pyrogen free conditions. The intracellular enzyme activity was analyzed by flow cytometry. Collagenase enzymatic activity was similar in the three leukocyte subpopulations studied. Oxidative burst induction in monocytes was comparable between both groups. Enzyme activity of cathepsin B and D in all cell subsets, oxidative burst in PMN cells, and DPP-I in lymphocytes and monocytes from patients, was higher than those from healthy females (P<0.05). Overall, our findings demonstrate an enhanced functional status of several intracellular leukocyte enzymes in NIDDM. Furthermore, the increased oxidative burst induction and the consequent production of free radicals, may contribute to vascular complications. Other mechanisms - either from the non-specific or specific immune response - deserve investigation to establish if diabetic patients are more susceptible to infectious diseases.
Prevalence of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in urban areas of eastern Nepal: a hospital based study.; Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), which affects millions of people throughout the world, is a widely prevalent chronic debilitating disease that causes short term and long term complications. It is a problem in a developing country like Nepal, where there has been no report of prevalence. Hence this study was undertaken to investigate the prevalence of NIDDM among urban patients attending the outpatient clinic of BP Koirala Institute of Health Sciences (BPKIHS) hospital, and coming from the eastern part of Nepal. A sample of 1,840 subjects was incorporated in the study during a period of one year. WHO diagnostic criteria (1985) were followed to establish the diagnosis of NIDDM. The prevalence of diabetes was 6.3% (1.63% previous and 4.67% new) which is relatively high in comparison to many other countries. The prevalence of NIDDM in females was relatively lower (5.75%) than in males (6.73%). The prevalence showed an increasing trend with increasing age. The high incidence (new cases) of NIDDM in Nepal as found in the study may be due to lack of public awareness regarding the problem and poor medical services in the country.
[Acarbose (glucobai) effects on lipid metabolism in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; AIM: To investigate the effect of acarbose, intestinal alpha-glucosidase inhibitor, on lipid metabolism in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., MATERIAL AND METHODS: Glucobai was given for 6 months in a dose 300 mg/day to 63 NIDDM patients aged 40-69 years. The examination covered indices of glycemia, glycosylated hemoglobin, pancreatic insulin secretion, total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), HDLP and LDLP cholesterol, atherogenic index., RESULTS: Glucobai has improved glycemic profile, reduced insulinemia and body mass index, TC, TG, atherogenic index. Blood levels of HDLP cholesterol elevated by 62%., CONCLUSION: Long-term intake of acarbose improves carbohydrate metabolism and produces a hypolipidemic effect.
Susceptibility of erythrocytes from non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and hemodialysis patients, cigarette smokers and normal subjects to in vitro oxidative stress and loss of deformability.; Incubation of normal erythrocytes with 10 mM H2O2 has caused a loss of deformability. This loss of deformability was correlated with the extent of malonyldialdehyde, MDA (an indicator of lipid peroxidation) and alanine production (an indicator of protein degradation). The susceptibility of erythrocytes from 21 non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 18 hemodialysis patients, 21 cigarette smokers and 25 healthy controls to in vitro oxidative stress with H2O2 has been measured as MDA production. Besides this, their erythrocytes reduced glutathione (GSH; an antioxidant) level has also been determined, but before exposure to H2O2. Erythrocytes from NIDDM and hemodialysis patients have shown significant increase in MDA production and a significantly low GSH level, compared to healthy controls. In cigarette smokers, although the GSH level was significantly low, but there was no significant difference in MDA production, compared to healthy controls. The low GSH level in NIDDM and hemodialysis patients, and smokers indicates that their erythrocytes were exposed to oxidative stress (an increase in free radical load) in vivo, resulting in an overconsumption and/or decreased production of GSH. The increased susceptibility to oxidative stress along with the decrease in some antioxidants (e.g., GSH) may explain the significant increase in MDA production in NIDDM and hemodialysis patients. But in cigarette smokers, the increased susceptibility to oxidative stress is probably not sufficient to cause a significant increase in MDA production. The results may also indicate an increased susceptibility to the loss of erythrocyte deformability in NIDDM and hemodialysis patients compared to healthy controls.
Remnant-like particle cholesterol levels in Korean patients with coronary artery disease and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Several studies have provided evidence that the remnants of lipoproteins may be the atherogenic components of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins. The purpose of this study was to investigate whether the remnant-like particle cholesterol (RLP-C) is an independent risk factor for coronary artery disease (CAD) and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in the Korean population and to explore the relationship between RLP-C and other biochemical markers as well as the apolipoprotein (apo) E genotypes. Lipid and lipoproteins including RLP-C and apo E genotypes were analyzed in 98 normal adults (control group), 68 patients with CAD (CAD group), 88 patients with NIDDM (DM group), and 19 patients with both CAD and NDDM (CAD + DM group). RLP-C levels were significantly higher in the DM (p < 0.0001), CAD (p = 0.0012) and the CAD + DM groups (p = 0.0184) than in the controls. To determine which variable could discriminate most effectively and independently among the different groups, stepwise linear discriminant analysis was performed for all the variables that showed p < 0.15 by univariate analysis. RLP-C was selected as an independent discriminator between the control and patient groups. RLP-C levels showed a strong positive correlation with trigylceride levels in the control, CAD and DM groups (r = 0.783, r = 0.610 and r = 0.746, respectively). In overall groups, apo epsilon4 and epsilon2 carrier genotypes showed a significant increase in RLP-C levels compared with epsilon3/3 wild-type (p = 0.0085). After adjusting for the effect of apo E genotypes, a significant increase of the RLP-C levels in the disease groups remained. In conclusion, RLP-C was determined to be an independent risk factor in Korean patients with CAD and NIDDM and showed a strong correlation with triglyceride levels. We suggest that the increased cardiovascular risk associated with the epsilon4 and epsilon2 allele may be mediated by more atherogenic RLP-C.
Type IV collagen as an early marker for diabetic nephropathy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We measured urinary albumin (U-Alb) and type IV collagen (uIV.C) in spot urine collected from 82 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 205 controls. Eighty-two NIDDM patients that had no increased excretion of either U-Alb or uIV.C were observed for 6 months. Prevalence of increased excretion of U-Alb and uIV.C at 6 months in these patients were 32.9%, and 62.2%, respectively. Increased excretion of uIV.C was detected in 27 patients without microalbuminuria. chi(2) analysis suggested that uIV.C was more sensitive than U-Alb, and that hypertension enhanced increased excretion of both U-Alb and uIV.C. uIV.C was significantly correlated (P<0.01) with U-Alb but not glycosylated hemoglobin A1C (HbA1C) in NIDDM patients. Taken together, uIV.C may be a useful marker for early diabetic nephropathy.
Role of insulin resistance in heart and skeletal muscle F-18 fluorodeoxyglucose uptake in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Altered heart and skeletal glucose usage has been reported in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Although elevations in plasma free fatty acid (FFA) concentrations have been implicated in reduced myocardial 18fluorine-fluoro-2-deoxy-D-glucose uptake (MFU), the specific role of whole-body insulin resistance in MFU in patients with NIDDM compared with skeletal muscle metabolism remains controversial., PURPOSE: MFU and skeletal muscle 18fluorine-fluoro-2-deoxy-D-glucose uptake (SMFU) were compared with positron emission tomography and the whole-body glucose disposal rate (GDR) during hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamping in 26 normotensive asymptomatic patients with NIDDM who were not taking medication. These factors were also compared in 12 age-matched control subjects to increase the knowledge of the influence of whole-body insulin resistance on MFU. In addition, independent factors for both SMFU and MFU were investigated., RESULTS: GDR in control subjects (10.0 +/- 2.97 mg/min per kilogram) was significantly higher than in patients with NIDDM (4.05 +/- 2.37 mg/min per kilogram, P < .01). SMFU in patients with NIDDM (0.826 +/- 0.604 mg/min per 100 g) was significantly lower than that in control subjects (1.86 +/- 1.06 mg/min per 100 g, P < .01). MFU in patients with NIDDM (5.35 +/- 2.10 mg/min per 100 g) was also significantly lower than that of control subjects (7.05 +/- 1.66 mg/min per 100 g, P = .0182). SMFU significantly correlated with GDR (r = .727, P < .01) and FFA (r = -.52, P < .01) in patients with NIDDM. MFU also correlated with GDR (r = .778, P < .01) and FFA (r = -.72, P < .01) in patients with NIDDM. Multivariate stepwise regression analysis showed that GDR (F = 36.8) was independently related to MFU (r = .85, P < .01) whereas FFA was not (F = 1.763), where F is the value for statistical analysis of multivariate stepwise regression analysis., CONCLUSION: Insulin resistance is the most essential factor for both heart and skeletal muscle FDG uptake in patients with NIDDM.
Lack of association between carotid intima-media thickness and methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene polymorphism or serum homocysteine in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We assessed the contribution of the serum homocysteine (Hcy) level, an independent risk factor for vascular disease, and methylene tetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) gene polymorphism to the variability of intimal-medial thickness (IMT) of the common carotid artery in middle-aged non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) subjects. One hundred thirty NIDDM patients (60 males and 70 females) with a mean age of 53 +/- 10 years and a mean diabetes duration of 11.3 +/- 7.9 years were enrolled for the study. Exclusion criteria included liver, heart, kidney, or other major-organ disease. Fasting total serum Hcy, folate, and vitamin B12 and clinical chemistry analyte levels were measured. MTHFR polymorphism was determined by polymerase chain reaction (PCR). IMT and plaques or stenosis in the common carotid were measured by ultrasonography. Serum Hcy was inversely correlated with vitamin levels and was slightly higher in subjects with the Val/Val genotype versus Ala/Val and Ala/Ala (P = .02); no differences in genotype were found in subjects with folate or vitamin B12 at or above the median level. In univariate analysis, common carotid IMT was significantly associated with age (P = .00001), the body mass index ([BMI] P = .0003), uric acid (P = .004), systolic blood pressure (P = .03), glycemia (P = .03), and total cholesterol (P = .04). No significant association was found between serum Hcy or MTHFR polymorphism and IMT. In multiple regression analysis, age (P = .0001), uric acid (P = .03), glycemia, and the BMI (P = .05) were independently associated with IMT and explained about 42% of IMT variability. In 130 NIDDM patients without nephropathy, basal levels of serum Hcy, as well as MTHFR polymorphism, did not predict significant changes in common carotid IMT.
A study of human growth hormone and insulin gene regions in relation to metabolic control of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The possible association of human growth hormone (hGH) and insulin (INS) gene regions with metabolic control in diabetes was investigated in 98 subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM); 54 control subjects from the same population were also studied. Two polymorphic restriction sites in the region of the hGH cluster (BGLIIA and BGLIIB) show significant association with both glycemic and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels. Mean values for plasma glucose and HbA1c show a maximum in the BGLIIA *1/*1 genotype and a minimum in the BGLIIA *2/*2 genotype. Mean values for plasma glucose and HbA1c show a maximum in the BGLIIB *1/*2 genotype. The BGLIIA*2/BGLIIB*1 haplotype shows a negative correlation with plasma glucose and HbA1c levels. Since the two markers are located in the area surrounding the hGH-V locus, the expression of this gene in NIDDM warrants further investigation.
Increased risk of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, arterial hypertension and coronary artery disease in perimenopausal women with a history of the polycystic ovary syndrome.; The aim of the study was to determine the prevalence of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), arterial hypertension, coronary artery disease and the risk factors for these diseases in perimenopausal women with a history of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) treatment. A group of 28 women was selected from a large group of patients who had undergone wedge ovarian resection. A total of 752 controls was selected by age (45-59 years) from a random female population sample. There was no difference between the two groups in body mass index, waist circumference or waist-hip ratio. Both groups were found to have identical family histories of NIDDM, hypertension, and coronary artery disease and identical smoking habits. We did not find a difference between the mean concentrations of lipids and fasting glucose. The two groups did not differ in the proportions of women with elevated lipid concentrations. The prevalence of NIDDM and coronary artery disease was significantly higher in PCOS women. In conclusion, women in the general population have the same level of risk factors at perimenopausal age as PCOS women. Patients with markedly expressed clinical symptoms of PCOS made up a subgroup in the general population at high risk for developing NIDDM and coronary artery disease.
Comparison of visual--vestibular interaction in insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We compared various measures of visual-vestibular interaction in subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) or non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), as well as non-diabetic controls. Subjects with IDDM exhibited significantly greater postural sway than controls on those conditions in the Clinical Test of Sensory Interaction and Balance (CTSIB) which require greater reliance on the vestibular system (p < 0.005). The IDDM group also exhibited significantly worse gaze-holding in darkness and a significantly higher mean slow phase eye velocity (SPV) of optokinetic nystagmus (OKN; p<0.05 for both comparisons). However, there were no significant differences in latency to circularvection (CV). The NIDDM group showed a significant increase in postural sway across all 12 conditions compared with the controls, as well as a significant decrease in gaze-holding in darkness (p < 0.05 and p < 0.0005, respectively). However, they showed no significant difference in OKN SPV and a significant decrease in latency to CV for anticlockwise trials only (p < 0.05). These results suggest that IDDM and NIDDM are both associated with specific but different changes in visual-vestibular interaction.
Impact of the Peroxisome Proliferator Activated Receptor gamma2 Pro12Ala polymorphism on adiposity, lipids and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The Pro12Ala polymorphism of the Peroxisome Proliferator Activated Receptor gamma2 (PPARgamma2) gene has been inconsistently associated with body mass index variations and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We investigated the impact of this polymorphism on obesity markers, lipid and glucose variables in a sample of French subjects and evaluated its possible role in the onset of NIDDM., DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: Within the framework of the WHO-MONICA project, a population study composed of 1195 subjects aged 35-64 y was randomly sampled from the electoral rolls of the urban community of Lille, in northern France. Subjects receiving medical treatment for hypercholesterolemia, hypertension or diabetes mellitus were excluded for the analyses, to avoid any interferences between medical treatment and biological variables. This resulted in a sample size of 839 subjects (421 men/418 women, age=49.4+/-8.1 y, body mass index (BMI)=25.7+/-4.4 kg/m2). To evaluate the role of the Pro12Ala polymorphism in the onset of NIDDM, we evaluated its distribution in 170 Caucasian NIDDM subjects from a clinical series (117 men/53 women, age=62.3+/-9.0 y, BMI=30.1+/-3.6 kg/m2)., MEASUREMENTS: The PPARgamma2 Pro12Ala polymorphism genotyping was carried out with allele specific oligonucleotides hybridisation. Data were statistically analysed for association with various obesity markers (body weight (BW), BMI, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), plasma leptin concentrations, lipid and glucose variables., RESULTS: In the WHO-MONICA population, the Ala allele frequency was 0.11. The presence of the Ala allele was significantly associated with higher body weight (P=0.002), BMI (P=0.02), height (P=0.02) and waist circumference (P=0.04). Increased plasma concentrations of total cholesterol (P=0.01), LDL-cholesterol (P=0.004) and apolipoprotein B (P=0.01) were also detected in Ala allele bearers. The distribution of the Pro12Ala polymorphism was similar in NIDDM subjects (Ala allele frequency: 0.10) and in the WHO-MONICA population subjects., CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that genetic variability of PPARgamma2 affects body weight control and lipid homeostasis in humans and do not support a significant role for the PPARgamma2 Pro12Ala polymorphism in the aetiology of NIDDM. International Journal of Obesity (2000) 24, 195-199
Haemostasis and carotid artery wall thickness in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; The purpose of this study was to examine the associations of carotid artery intima-media wall thickness (IMT) with hemostatic proteins and cardiovascular risk factors (CVRFs) in participants with and without non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). IMT measurements were determined by high resolution B-mode ultrasound imaging of the carotid arteries in 921 participants with NIDDM and 11,964 non-diabetic participants aged 45-64 years. Fasting glucose, serum lipids and activated partial thromboplastin time, factor VIII fibrinogen, factor VII, antithrombin III, protein C, and von Willebrand factor measurements were made. Compared to non-diabetic participants, participants with NIDDM had a more adverse pattern of CVRFs and a more procoagulatory profile. Participants with NIDDM had 0.06 mm (8.1%) higher mean IMT compared to non-diabetic participants after adjusting for age and gender (P < 0.001). However, only plasma fibrinogen concentrations showed statistically significant positive associations with IMT in both groups. After adjusting for CVRFs and fibrinogen, mean IMT remained 0.04 mm (5.4%) higher in diabetic compared to non-diabetic participants. Despite the more procoagulatory profile in participants with NIDDM, only plasma fibrinogen concentrations were independently associated with mean IMT. The association of NIDDM with mean IMT was only partly explained by CVRFs.
Effects of troglitazone on collagen accumulation and distensibility of aortic wall in prestage of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus of Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty rats.; We investigated the effect of troglitazone (TG) on aortic distensibility and histopathology at the preclinical stage in the non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) model. Twenty male diabetic and 20 male nondiabetic rats were each divided into two groups: treated-DM, untreated-DM, treated-nonDM, and untreated-nonDM. TG (0.2%) was mixed in chow in the treated groups. From age 5 to 15 weeks, fast blood glucose and insulin were monitored. At 15 weeks, oral glucose tolerance test results, aortic wall histopathology, and collagen content were studied, and intravascular ultrasound images and aortic pressure were recorded. Aortic diameter was measured during the cardiac cycle, and the stiffness parameter beta was calculated. Blood glucose (mg/dl) 2 h after loading in treated-DM (139+/-20) was normalized (untreated-DM, 188+/-27; p<0.05). Insulin concentration (ng/ml) in treated-DM (3.2+/-0.4) was lower than that in untreated-DM (8.1+/-1.5; p<0.01). At 15 weeks, beta in untreated-DM (2.4+/-0.8) was larger than those in untreated-nonDM (1.5+/-0.4; p<0.0001) and in treated-DM (1.9+/-0.4, p = 0.0081). Aortic wall collagen (mg/g dry weight) increased in untreated-DM (32.8+/-3.3) as compared with treated-DM (28.1+/-3.8; p = 0.048). Histomorphometry showed decreased medial area (mm2) in treated-DM (0.55+/-0.05) compared with untreated-DM (0.78+/-0.12; p<0.0001). This study suggests that TG may prevent metabolic abnormalities and the deterioration of aortic distensibility at an early prediabetic stage.
[The features of coronary angiography in coronary heart disease with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].; OBJECTIVE: To study the clinical and angiographical characteristics of coronary heart disease (CHD) in CHD patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: The study was carried out by case control analysis of the clinical manifestations and the data from cine selective coronary angiography., RESULTS: CHD patients with NIDDM tended to have multiple cardiovascular risk factors. It is likely that NIDDM contributed more to dyslipidemia in the female than in the male. Unstable angina pectoris was found more frequently in CHD patients with NIDDM than in those without. The female CHD patients with NIDDM were more frequently afflicted with myocardial infarction. Moreover, CHD patients with NIDDM had much greater extent of coronary vessel involvement and more diffuse vascular lesion., CONCLUSION: The clinical and angiographical findings are quite different in CHD patients with and without NIDDM. The lesions in the coronary arteries tend to be more severe and diffuse in patients with NIDDM.
[Clinical and experimental study of yushen jiangtang tablet in treating non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the therapeutic effect and safety of Yushen Jiangtang Tablet (YSJTT) in treating non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) of Qi-Yin Deficiency Syndrome (QYD)., METHODS: One hundred and one patients of NIDDM with QYD were treated with YSJTT and compared with 60 patients of the control group treated with Shenqi Jiangtang Tablet. The experimental study on pharmacologic effect and toxicity of YSJTT was also conducted., RESULTS: The total effective rate of the YSJTT group was 87.12% and the markedly effective rate 44.55%, while those of the control group were 70.00% and 18.33% respectively, comparison between the two groups showed that the effect of the YSJTT group was superior to that of the control group, P < 0.01. No acute or chronic toxic or side effect was found in animal experiment. Pharmacologic study showed that YSJTT had obvious effect in decreasing blood glucose and serum triglyceride levels in rats with alloxan induced diabetes., CONCLUSION: YSJTT is effective in treating NIDDM, and apparent toxic-side effect of it was not found.
Microalbuminuria in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is the commonest form of diabetes. The aim of this study was to evaluate the nature and prevalence of microalbuminuria (MAU) in NIDDM. One hundred and twenty-eight NIDDM patients participated in this study on the prevalence of microalbuminuria and albumin excretion rate (AER). An attempt was made to correlate them to the clinical profile, glycemic control and to diabetic complications. Eighteen patients had MAU with 14.1% prevalence (males--17.5% v/s females--10.8%; NS). Prevalence of MAU was higher in the third and fourth decades of age (28.6%) with a decrease in the fifth decade (12.5%). Prevalence of MAU also increased progressively with duration of diabetes--13 to 14% (< 10 yrs) to 25% (> 10 yrs). High AER in obese patients (13.4 +/- 5.5 v/s 7.9 +/- 1.4 micrograms/min) supports an association of obesity with albuminuria. The prevalence of MAU in patients with borderline and overt hypertension was not statistically different from that in normotensive NIDDM patients. However, NIDDM with borderline hypertension showed high AER 16.2 +/- 5.6 micrograms/min compared to 7.8 +/- 1.3 micrograms/min in normotensives. Prevalence to MAU and AER increased progressively with the deterioration of glycemic control--from 3.3% in well controlled to 18.9% in fairly controlled (P < 0.5) and 31% in poor controlled patients (P < 0.01). Also AER increased significantly from 3.9 +/- 0.8 to 12.3 +/- 4.1 and 18.4 +/- 4.6 micrograms/min, in patients with well to fairly and poorly controlled glycemia respectively. The prevalence of MAU and AER did not correlate with glycated hemoglobin (GHb) levels. The prevalences of peripheral neuropathy (PN) (42.6% v/s 55.6%) were similar in normo- and microalbuminuric patients. Patients with PN had high AER 11.9 +/- 2.7 micrograms/min. Diabetic retinopathy (DR) was equally prevalent in normo- and microalbuminuric NIDDM patients of (20.4% v/s 22.2), and AER was not significantly higher (12.1 +/- 4.3 micrograms/min) in NIDDM with retinopathy. High prevalences of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in MAU-NIDDM (22.2%; NS) was observed compared to normoalbuminuric (9.3%) patients. Also AER was significantly high in NIDDM associated with CVD (21.9 +/- 10.9 micrograms/min; P < 0.025). It can be concluded that, MAU is more prevalent in third and fourth decades and with longer duration of diabetes. Poor glycemic control was identified as a risk factor as in IDDM for development of MAU. MAU was a marker of generalised vascular dysfunction.
Body fat distribution and the risk of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the Omani population.; Anthropometric measures of overall and central obesity as predictors of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) risk were studied. Data for 4728 Omanis were taken from the 1991 National Diabetes Survey. Diabetes mellitus was assessed using a 2-hour post glucose load. After adjusting for age, sex, family history of diabetes, physical activity and blood pressure, body mass index (BMI) was positively associated with increased risk of diabetes mellitus. Controlling for BMI and other potential confounders, waist-to-hip ratio and waist circumference were positively associated with increased risk of diabetes mellitus. Waist measurement (alone or with hip circumference) is a simple and independent tool for assessing the risk of NIDDM.
Insulin resistance and urinary excretion of sodium in hypertensive patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Hyperinsulinemia has been implicated in the pathogenesis of hypertension both in non-diabetic and diabetic patients. A causal relationship between renal sodium retention and hyperinsulinemia is speculated to play role in the development of hypertension in diabetes mellitus., MATERIAL AND METHODS: Twenty patients (12 males; 8 females) with hypertension and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and twenty normotensive patients (11 males, 9 females) with NIDDM were included in the present study. Blood samples for glucose and immunoreactive insulin (IRI) assay were collected at 0, 30, 60 and 120 minutes after 75 g of glucose per oral. Urinary sodium excretion in 24 hrs was estimated by flame photometry. Insulin response to glucose and correlation between basal insulin secretion and urinary sodium excretion were evaluated., RESULTS: Mean fasting plasma glucose value was significantly raised in hypertensive group in comparison with normotensive group of diabetic patients. Patients with diabetes and hypertension and significantly higher level of serum IRI than normotensive patients with diabetes mellitus. Urinary sodium excretion was significantly lower in diabetic patients with hypertension than in diabetic patients without hypertension. A negative correlation between basal insulin level and urinary Na+ excretion was observed in hypertensive patients with NIDDM., CONCLUSION: A negative correlation between hyperinsulinemia and 24 hrs urinary Na+ excretion was observed in patients with diabetes and hypertension. The study highlights that patients with diabetes mellitus have tendency to retain sodium under the influence of insulin but this needs further evaluation.
GLUT-4, tumour necrosis factor, essential fatty acids and daf-genes and their role in glucose homeostasis, insulin resistance, non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, and longevity.; GLUT-4 receptor, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), essential fatty acids (EFAs) and their metabolites and daf-genes seem to play an important and essential role in the maintenance of glucose homeostasis, and in the pathobiology of obesity and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Daf-genes encode for proteins which are 35% identical to the human insulin receptor, a transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) type signal and can also enhance the expression of superoxide dismutase (SOD). On the other hand, EFAs and their metabolites can increase the cell membrane fluidity and thus, enhance the expression of GLUT-4 and insulin receptors. In addition, EFAs can suppress TNF-alpha production and secretion and thus, are capable of reversing insulin resistance. Melatonin has anti-oxidant actions similar to daf-16, TGF-beta and SOD. Hence, it is likely that there is a close interaction between GLUT-4, TNF-alpha, EFAs, daf-genes, melatonin and leptin that may have relevance to the development of insulin resistance, obesity, NIDDM, complications due to NIDDM, longevity and ageing.
A case of ABO-incompatible renal transplant patient with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; long-standing observation of serial glomerular change by protocol biopsy.; A 41-yr-old patient with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), before and after ABO-incompatible renal transplant, is reviewed using serial protocol biopsy. Although she recovered from delayed hyperacute rejection (DHAR) immediately post-transplantation, her graft function deteriorated gradually. A mild acute transplant glomerulitis, noted at the 155th day post-transplantation, progressed to pronounced chronic transplant glomerulopathy over 5 yr. In the specimen of the last biopsy, at 5 yr post-transplantation, glomeruli demonstrated an exudative hyaline lesion, which was characteristic of diabetic nephropathy in addition to chronic transplant glomerulopathy. Therefore, we made a diagnosis of this glomerular lesion as chronic transplant glomerulopathy complicated by diabetic glomerulopathy. Considering the result of this case, the protocol biopsy is a useful procedure to diagnose an accurate cause of graft dysfunction in individual cases. It is concluded that the protocol biopsy is apparently useful for the detection of various pathological processes occurring in allograft and may contribute to a strategy for improvement of graft survival.
Bone mineral in pre- and postmenopausal women with insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The aim of the study was to compare bone mineral density (BMD) and bone turnover in pre- and postmenopausal women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and normal reference women. In a cross-sectional study 31 and 11 premenopausal and 22 and 21 postmenopausal IDDM and NIDDM patients, respectively, were recruited from an outpatient clinic. BMD in the forearm, spine, femur and total body and biochemical markers of bone turnover were measured and compared with reference values obtained from measurements of normal healthy pre- and postmenopausal women. Postmenopausally, but not premenopausally, IDDM patients had lower BMD values than NIDDM patients. Postmenopausal NIDDM patients had higher BMD value than normal women. The differences in BMD between IDDM and NIDDM patients could be explained statistically by differences in body weight between the NIDMM (obese) and IDDM (lean) women. Markers of bone turnover were significantly higher postmenopausally than premenopausally in both IDDM and NIDDM patients. Osteocalcin was significantly lower in postmenopausal NIDDM compared with postmenopausal IDDM patients and reference values. Otherwise there were no differences in the markers of bone turnover between NIDDM and IDDM patients. In conclusion, postmenopausal IDDM patients have a relatively decreased BMD, whereas NIDDM patients seem to be relatively protected from postmenopausal bone loss.
Insulin resistance contributes to carotid arterial wall thickness in patients with non-insulin-dependent-diabetes mellitus.; The aim of this study was to clarify whether insulin resistance contributes to atherosclerosis in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Fifty-three NIDDM patients (36 males and 17 females, 53+/-10 years old (mean+/-SD)) were studied. As an index of atherosclerosis, we measured the average thickness (IMT) as well as basal thickness excluding the maximum thickness and the height of the maximum thickness of the carotid artery wall. Euglycemic hyperinsulinemic glucose clamp was conducted for 90 min to evaluate average glucose infusion rate (GIR) as an index of insulin sensitivity in the peripheral tissues. For another 180 min after intake of oral glucose load with 0.3 g/kg, the euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp was continued to measure ratio of splanchnic glucose uptake (SGU) as an index of insulin sensitivity of the liver. The patients were separated into three activity groups according to the grade of their leisure-time physical activity. GIR (r = -0.32, p < 0.05) but not SGU (r=0.139) showed a significant inverse relationship with IMT. Multivariant regression analysis indicated that age and total cholesterol remain as independent risk factors for basal thickness and GIR as only independent risk factor for the height of the maximum thickness. Paralleling the degrees of habitual exercise (low, moderate, and high active group), GIR was higher (6.19+/-1.02, 6.38+/-1.38, 7.44+/-1.80, respectively) and IMT was lower (1.34+/-0.33 mm, 1.20+/-0.31 mm, and 1.12+/-0.29 mm, respectively) in male NIDDM as well as in female NIDDM. These data suggest that insulin resistance in the peripheral tissues but not the splanchnic tissues may independently contribute to carotid arterial wall thickness and especially to plaque lesion, and that habitual exercise might reduce insulin resistance leading to attenuation of atherosclerosis.
Reactive oxygen species in essential hypertension and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To evaluate whether increased levels of reactive oxygen species (ROS) are involved in the pathogenesis of essential hypertension (EH) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), both resting and stimulated levels of intracellular ROS were measured in lymphocytes from patients with EH (n = 10), NIDDM (n = 16) and age-matched healthy individuals (control subjects, n = 19). ROS was monitored with the dye, dihydrorhodamine-123 (DHR; 1 micromol/L) in the presence or absence of superoxide dismutase (superoxide scavenger), sodium azide (singlet oxygen/hydrogen peroxide scavenger), genistein (tyrosine kinase inhibitor), or bisindolylmaleimide (protein kinase C inhibitor). Simultaneous monitoring of cytosolic [Ca2+]i was done with fura-2. Resting ROS levels were significantly higher in NIDDM (4.71+/-0.25 nmol/10(6) cells; mean +/- SEM, P<.05) compared with EH (4.03+/-0.22 nmol/10(6) cells) or controls (4.05+/-0.15 nmol/10(6) cells). The formyl-Met-Leu-Phenylalanine-(fMLP)-induced ROS generation was significantly higher in NIDDM (21.92+/-2.23 nmol/10(6) cells; P<.05) compared with EH (14.58+/-1.90 nmol/10(6) cells) or control (16.06+/-1.22 nmol/10(6) cells). The fMLP-induced ROS increase was significantly reduced in the presence of sodium azide in all groups (P<.01) but was largely unaffected in the presence of SOD. Genistein and bisindolylmaleimide significantly inhibited the fMLP-induced ROS in all groups. The fMLP-induced [Ca2+]i increase was significantly higher in NIDDM (71+/-12 nmol/L, P <.01) compared with EH (42+/-4 nmol/L) and control subjects (35+/-3 nmol/L). Phytohemagglutinin was more effective in increasing [Ca2+]i than ROS. It is concluded that ROS may play a role in the metabolic syndrome of NIDDM but not in EH.
[Metabolic effects of berlipril-5 in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and arterial hypertension].; AIM: To study metabolic effects of berlipril-5 (enalapril) in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and arterial hypertension (AH)., MATERIALS AND METHODS: 24 patients with NIDDM and AH were divided into three groups by the level of basal C-peptide: > 2 ng/ml (group 1), 2-4 ng/ml (group 2) and < 4 ng/ml (group 3)., RESULTS: A correlation was found between the level of basal C-peptide and duration of AH (r = 0.7) and NIDDM (r = -0.47), between the level of triglycerides (TG) and glycolized hemoglobin Hb A1c (r = 0.48). Berlipril treatment reduced basal C-peptide level in groups 2 and 3 by 20.65 +/- 1.95% and elevated it in group 1 by 16.4 +/- 1.5%. Fasting glucose levels lowered by 9.2 +/- 1.95% indicating better sensitivity of the liver to insulin. Blood glucose levels 2 hours after meal fell by 8.3 +/- 0.95% (p < 0.05) and Hb A1c by 8.14 +/- 1.25% showing indirectly diminishing insulin-resistance at the level of peripheral tissues. TG and VLDLP significantly declined., CONCLUSION: Inhibitors of angiotensin converting enzyme (enalapril, in particular) produce a positive effect on carbohydrate and lipid metabolism in patients with NIDDM and AH.
Identification of novel non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus susceptibility loci in the Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima fatty rat by MQM-mapping method.; The Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rat is an animal model for obese-type, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in humans. We have previously identified 11 quantitative trait loci (QTLs) responsible for NIDDM susceptibility on Chromosomes (Chrs) 1, 5, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12, 14, and 16 (Nidd1-11/of for Non-insulin-dependent diabetes 1-11/oletf) by using the interval mapping method in 160 F(2) progenies obtained by mating the OLETF and the Fischer-344 (F344) rats. MQM-mapping, which was applied for QTL analysis based on multiple-QTL models, is reported to be more powerful than interval mapping, because in the process of mapping one QTL the genetic background, which contains the other QTLs, is controlled. Application of MQM-mapping in the F(2) intercrosses has led to a revelation of three novel QTLs on rat Chrs 5 (Nidd12/of), 7 (Nidd13/of), and 17 (Nidd14/of), in addition to Nidd1-11/of loci. The three QTLs, together with the Nidd1-11/of, account for a total of approximately 70% and approximately 85% of the genetic variance of the fasting and postprandial glucose levels, respectively, in the F(2). While the OLETF allele corresponds with increased glucose levels as expected for Nidd12 and 14/of, the Nidd13/of exhibits heterosis: heterozygotes showing significantly higher glucose levels than OLETF or F344 homozygotes. There is epistatic interaction between Nidd2 and 14/of. Additionally, our results indicated that the novel QTLs could show no linkage with body weight, but Nidd12/of has an interaction with body weight.
Improvement of an impaired chemiluminescence response to formyl-methionyl-leucyl-phenylalanine in neutrophils from patients with non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus by recombinant human granulocyte-colony stimulating factor.; To explore the possibility that b type recombinant human granulocyte-colony stimulating factor (rhG-CSF) is a useful drug to prevent the morbidity and mortality caused by infections in diabetic patients, we have studied effects of rhG-CSF on chemiluminescence amplified by a luciferin analog (CLA-DCL) and luminol (L-DCL) in response to formyl-Methionyl-Leucyl-Phenylalanine (fMLP) in neutrophils from patients with non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) (diabetic neutrophils) and healthy subjects (control neutrophils). Both CLA-DCL and L-DCL in diabetic neutrophils were significantly reduced, and L-DCL was more sensitive to this suppression than CLA-DCL. RhG-CSF did not change the basal chemiluminescence in control and diabetic neutrophils, but it primed CLA-DCL and L-DCL. Although, in diabetic neutrophils, the priming effect of rhG-GSF on both CLA-DCL and L-DCL was less compared to that in control neutrophils, L-DCL was more sensitive to this priming effect than CLA-DCL. Because bacterial infection is still an important cause of the morbidity and mortality in diabetic patients, these data suggest that rhG-CSF is a useful drug to prevent the aggravation of bacterial infection in patients with NIDDM.
Osteoporosis in older adults with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: is it sex related?.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the association of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with bone mineral density (BMD) and its effect on bone turnover., METHODS: BMD (measured by osteo C.T. of the lumbar spine) and bone resorption (deoxypyridinoline) and formation (alkaline phosphatase bone isoenzyme) markers were measured in 40 female postmenopausal patients with NIDDM and in 40 non-diabetic females of the same age. The same investigations were carried out in 20 males with NIDDM and in 20 normal non-diabetic males., RESULTS: Women with diabetes had significantly (p < 0.01) higher BMD levels than women with normal glucose tolerance. Diabetic females were also significantly overweight (p < 0.001) and had a longer duration after menopause (p < 0.02). Bone resorption markers and bone formation markers were significantly (p < 0.001) higher in the control group compared with the diabetic group. Men with diabetes had BMD levels similar to those men with normal glucose tolerance. Also there was no significant difference on comparing bone resorption and formation markers in the group of diabetic men to the control male group., CONCLUSION: Older women with NIDDM had better BMD than normal women. No difference in bone density by diabetic status were observed in men. That sex difference may be explained by the obesity and the greater androgenecity reported in women with hyperglycemic and hyperinsulinemic conditions.
Use of iodine-123 metaiodobenzylguanidine scintigraphy to assess cardiac sympathetic denervation and the impact of hypertension in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The objectives of this clinical study using iodine-123 metaiodobenzylguanidine (MIBG) scintigraphy were (a) to evaluate cardiac sympathetic denervation in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients with and without hypertension and (b) to investigate the relation between cardiac sympathetic denervation and prognosis in NIDDM patients. We compared clinical characteristics and MIBG data [heart to mediastinum (H/M) ratio and % washout rate (WR)] in a control group and NIDDM patients with and without hypertension. MIBG scintigraphy was performed in 11 controls and 82 NIDDM patients without overt cardiovascular disease except for hypertension (systolic blood pressure >/=140 and/or diastolic blood pressure >/=90 mmHg). After MIBG examination, blood pressure was measured regularly in all NIDDM patients. There were significant differences between 65 normotensive and 17 hypertensive NIDDM patients with respect to age (55+/-11 vs 63+/-12 years, respectively, P<0.05), prevalence of diabetic retinopathy (12% vs 35%, respectively, P<0.05) and systolic blood pressure (120+/-12 vs 145+/-16 mmHg, respectively, P<0.001). The H/M ratio in hypertensive NIDDM patients was significantly lower than in the control group (1. 81+/-0.29 vs 2.27+/-0.20, respectively, P<0.01). During the follow-up period (18+/- 12 months), 17 NIDDM patients newly developed hypertension after MIBG examination. There were no significant differences in their clinical characteristics compared with persistently normotensive or hypertensive NIDDM patients. %WR in patients with new onset hypertension was significantly higher than in the control group (30.88%+/-16.87% vs 12.89%+/-11.94%, respectively, P<0.05). Moreover, in these patients %WR correlated with duration from the date of MIBG scintigraphy to the onset of hypertension (r=-0.512, P<0.05). Five NIDDM patients died during the follow-up period (four newly hypertensive patients and one normotensive patient). There were significant statistical differences between the control group and non-survivors in terms of age (54+/-11 vs 73+/-11 years, respectively, P<0.01), H/M ratio (2. 27+/- 0.20 vs 1.64+/-0.36, respectively, P<0.01) and %WR (12. 89%+/-11.94% vs 42.52%+/-22.39%, respectively, P<0.01). In conclusion, cardiac sympathetic denervation using MIBG scintigraphy observed in hypertensive NIDDM patients, and was more profound in non-survivors. MIBG scintigraphy proved useful for the evaluation of NIDDM patients with new onset hypertension, and it was found that NIDDM patients with abnormalities on MIBG scintigraphy needed to be observe carefully.
[Effect of brerlipril in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and mild or moderate arterial hypertension as indicated by 24-h blood pressure monitoring].; AIM: To study a hypotensive effect of berlipril, an ACE inhibitor, using 24-h BP monitoring in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) combined with stable mild or moderate arterial hypertension (AH)., MATERIALS AND METHODS: 22 NIDDM patients with mild or moderate AH were treated with berlipril. 24-h monitoring of BP was made in all the patients before and 3 months after the treatment., RESULTS: A stable hypotensive effect of berlipril was achieved at its therapeutic dose 1.5 tablets a day once a day or divided into two doses a day. On treatment week 3-4 a hypotensive effect of berlipril enhanced in 5 patients. This may be due to ACE inhibitors action on the tissue component of the reninangiotensin system., CONCLUSION: Berlipril produces a high hypotensive effect and brings about a positive response of insulin-resistance in NIDDM associated with mild and moderate AH.
Analysis of the Gly40Ser polymorphism in the glucagon receptor gene in a German non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus population.; A heterozygous polymorphism changing GGT40 (Gly) to AGT40 (Ser) in the glucagon receptor gene (GCG-R) was reported to be associated with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). A possible involvement of this polymorphism in impaired glucose tolerance was also suggested in a French population. However, the prevalence of this polymorphism differs markedly among different ethnic groups, whereby the results in German populations were found to be contradictory. We thus investigated the association of this mutation with NIDDM and healthy subjects in 508 German subjects (196 NIDDM, and 312 controls). None of the control subjects, but one of the NIDDM patients demonstrated the Gly40Ser polymorphism. Since no first-degree relative of the index patient had this genetic variance, a de novo mutation is suggested. Although the frequency of the Gly40Ser polymorphism in NIDDM observed in France is not confirmed in our population, this genetic variance is also evident in Germany.
Increased activity of membrane glycoprotein PC-1 in the fibroblasts from non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients with insulin resistance.; Although most of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) have insulin resistance, it is unknown whether a molecule might interfere with insulin action. Membrane glycoprotein PC-1 (plasma cell antigen-1), which inhibits insulin receptor tyrosine kinase activity, was isolated from fibroblasts of NIDDM patients. Because PC-1 content in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue correlated with whole body insulin sensitivity, PC-1 might play a role in insulin resistance. In order to know whether PC-1 activity of fibroblasts is also elevated in Japanese NIDDM patients, and whether PC-1 activity correlates with the parameters of insulin resistance in vivo or not, we measured PC-1 activity of cultured fibroblasts from 17 patients with NIDDM and seven healthy controls. PC-1 activity of the NIDDM patients was 85.2 +/- 33.1 nmol/mg per min (mean +/- S.D.), and was higher than that of healthy controls (42.6 +/- 12.7 nmol/mg per min, P = 0.0002). Insulin sensitivity was measured in 11 of 17 NIDDM patients by the artificial pancreas. PC-1 activity of the patients with insulin resistance (glucose infusion rate < 3.0 mg/kg per min, n = 7) was elevated to 99.9 +/- 31.9 nmol/mg per min, while that of the other patients (n = 4) was 55.3 +/- 7.5 nmol/mg per min (P = 0.003). In conclusion, glycoprotein PC-1 activity of dermal fibroblasts is correlated with insulin resistance in patients with NIDDM.
Further evidence for an association between non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and chronic hepatitis C virus infection.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) may be associated with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection. This was studied further in two parts. First, 1,151 patients with HCV-related cirrhosis and 181 patients with hepatitis B virus (HBV)-related cirrhosis, well matched for age, sex, and severity of cirrhosis, were reviewed retrospectively. The prevalence of diabetes mellitus was higher in HCV-related cirrhosis (23.6%) than in HBV-related cirrhosis (9.4%; odds ratio [OR], 2.78; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.6-4.79; P =.0002). The prevalence of diabetes mellitus was associated closely with the Child-Pugh score (OR, 3.83; 95% CI, 2. 38-6.17; P <.0001) and increasing age (OR, 1.02; 95% CI, 1.00-1.03; P =.0117). Second, 235 patients with biopsy confirmed chronic HBV or HCV underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. Only 1 of 70 patients with chronic viral hepatitis without cirrhosis was diabetic. However, 31 of 127 patients with HCV-related cirrhosis (24.4%) were diabetic compared with 3 of 38 patients with HBV-related cirrhosis (7.9%, P =.0477). The major variables associated with NIDDM were cirrhosis (OR, 14.39; 95% CI, 1.91-108; P =.0096) and male sex (OR, 4.64; 95% CI, 1. 32-16.18; P =.0161). Fasting insulin levels in 30 patients with HCV-related cirrhosis and diabetes mellitus were elevated significantly, which was consistent with insulin resistance. However, acute insulin responsiveness was reduced in all patients with HCV infection and diabetes suggesting concomitant B-cell dysfunction. This study confirms an association between HCV and NIDDM.
Correlation of acetylator phenotype with peripheral, autonomic and central neuropathy in Northern Indian non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.; OBJECTIVES: Genetic susceptibility to diabetic neuropathy has been suspected and tentatively explored; however, diabetic autonomic and central neuropathies are poorly investigated areas. Previous trials correlating types of diabetes and diabetic neuropathy with acetylator dimorphisms have not been conclusive. The present study was designed to test peripheral neuropathy, autonomic neuropathy and integrity of central conduction pathways in patients of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and to correlate the findings with the acetylator phenotype., METHODS: Twenty-six patients of NIDDM with stable glycaemic control and 11 age- and sex-matched control subjects were recruited, clinically examined and investigated with glycaemic and lipid profile, renal function tests, nerve conduction studies (sensory and motor), auditory brain stem evoked responses (ABERs) and somatosensory evoked potentials (SEPs). Acetylator status of the subjects was determined by sulphadimidine test., RESULTS: Out of 26 NIDDM patients, eight (30.7%; group 1A) were slow acetylators and 18 (69.3%; group 1B) were fast acetylators. The distribution of slow and rapid acetylators in both the groups was similar. Glycaemic and lipid profiles and 24-h urinary albumin excretion in groups 1A and 1B were also similar. Motor nerve conduction velocity, latency of F wave, sensory nerve conduction and amplitudes of sensory nerve action potentials were not different between fast and slow acetylator NIDDM patients. On testing for ABERs, there were no statistically significant differences in peak latencies of waves I, III and V; interpeak latencies (IPLs) I-III, III-V and I-V; amplitude of waves I, III and V on both sides between NIDDM patients and controls. However, peak latencies of wave III (P < 0.01), wave V (P < 0.005), IPLs I-III and I-V (P < 0.005), IPLs III-V (P < 0.05), and amplitudes of wave I (P < 0.05) and wave V (P < 0.05) on the left side were significantly different in slow acetylator NIDDM patients. Increase on the right side for the same group was statistically significant for IPLs I-III and I-V (P < 0.05). SEPs showed no statistically significant difference between NIDDM patients and controls, and slow and fast acetylator NIDDM patients., CONCLUSIONS: No significant association of acetylator status with peripheral neuropathy in NIDDM subjects was observed in the present study. However, central neural conduction, primarily tested by ABERs, was significantly delayed in slow acetylators compared with fast acetylator NIDDM patients. Hence, there may be a predisposition to neuropathy in this group of patients, and such a predisposition may be better detected by studying central rather than peripheral nervous conduction pathways in NIDDM patients.
Association between apolipoprotein E polymorphism and macroalbuminuria in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: Apolipoprotein E (apo E) is known to play an important role in lipoprotein metabolism through its ability to bind to the receptors as a ligand. Three different apo E alleles (epsilon2, epsilon3 and epsilon4) produce six apo E genotypes (epsilon2/2, epsilon2/3, epsilon2/4, epsilon3/3, epsilon3/4 and epsilon4/4). The objective of this study was to investigate an association between apo E gene polymorphism and macroalbuminuria in 167 Korean patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: The patients in the macroalbuminuria group (n = 74) represent those in whom 24 h urinary albumin excretion was above 300 mg. The patients in the normoalbuminuria group (n = 93) represent those in whom 24 h urinary albumin excretion was below 30 mg and serum creatinine levels were less than 1.2 mg/dl. The duration of diabetes in all patients was at least 8 years., RESULTS: There were no significant differences in terms of age, sex, body mass index, HbA1c, total cholesterol, triglyceride, HDL-cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol between the two groups. In the macroalbuminuria group, the distribution of apo E genotypes revealed epsilon2/2 2 (2.7%), epsilon2/3 14 (18.9%), epsilon2/4 0 (0%), epsilon3/3 47 (63.5%), epsilon3/4 11 (14.9%) and epsilon4/4 0 (0%). In the normoalbuminuria group, the distribution of apo E genotypes revealed epsilon2/2 0 (0%), epsilon2/3 7 (7.5%), epsilon2/4 1 (1.1%), epsilon3/3 72 (77.4%), epsilon3/4 12 (12.9%) and epsilon4/4 1 (1.1%). There was no significant difference in the distribution of apo E genotypes between the two groups. However, there was a significant difference in the allele frequencies, epsilon2 frequency was significantly higher in macroalbuminuria group compared to normoalbuminuria group (12.2% vs 4.3%, P<0.05). Also, we compared apo E carrier frequencies between the two groups. Epsilon2 carrier frequency was significantly higher in macroalbuminuria group compared to normoalbuminuria group (21.6% vs 7.6%, P<0.05). In each group, there was no significant difference in the degree of lipid abnormalities between apo epsilon2 carrier (epsilon2/2, epsilon2/3 genotypes), epsilon3 carrier (epsilon3/3 genotype) and epsilon4 carrier (epsilon3/4, epsilon4/4 genotype)., CONCLUSION: Apo epsilon2 allele and epsilon2 carrier frequencies were significantly higher in macroalbuminuria group. These results suggest that epsilon2 allele may be associated with the development of clinical albuminuria in Korean patients with NIDDM.
Non-diabetic renal disease in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; The diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy (DN) is almost always based on clinical grounds. The diagnosis is supported by a long history of diabetes, evidence of target organ damage and proteinuria preceding azotemia. The validity of this clinical approach is well established in insulin dependent diabetes mellitus but not in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It is thus important to determine which patients with NIDDM accompanied by non-diabetic renal disease (NDRD) should have a biopsy. However, factors clinically associated with NDRD in patients with NIDDM remain unclear. Therefore we reviewed clinical data, laboratory data and renal biopsies from 22 NIDDM patients who underwent renal biopsy between 1992 and 1998 in Wonju Christian Hospital. From this data, we identified important features that would discriminate between DN and NDRD. There were 8 women and 14 men. Age ranged from 33 to 68 (51.2 +/- 10.7) years. The duration of diabetes at biopsy ranged from 0 to 13 (4.2 +/- 4.2) years. Nephrotic syndrome was present in 13 patients. The patients with NDRD (n = 14) and DN (n = 8) had comparable 24-hour proteinuria, 24-hour albuminuria, creatinine clearance, serum creatinine, albumin, as well as incidences of neuropathy and hypertension. The significant factors that predict the NDRD included a short duration of the diabetes mellitus, the presence of dysmorphic red blood cells in urine, the absence of retinopathy and HbA1c below 9% (p < 0.05, respectively). NDRD included IgA nephropathy (n = 6), minimal change disease (n = 3), membranous nephropathy (n = 3), membranous lupus nephritis (n = 1) and acute interstitial nephritis (n = 1). Multiple logistic regression analysis revealed that the short duration of DM and the absence of retinopathy were factors significantly associated with NDRD. In summary, when there is a short duration of diabetes mellitus, or an absence of retinopathy seen in patients with NIDDM, then renal biopsy in diabetic patients aids in the detection of NDRD.
Total homocysteine is associated with nephropathy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and hyperhomocysteinemia are both associated with premature vascular disease. We tested the hypothesis that homocysteine is associated with vascular disease and other diabetic complications in patients with NIDDM. The current investigation is a cross-sectional analysis of baseline variables for participants in the Appropriate Blood Pressure Control in Diabetes (ABCD) Trial. Men and women aged 40 to 74 years with NIDDM and a mean diastolic blood pressure (BP) of 80 mm Hg or higher were eligible. We measured serum levels of total homocysteine (tHcy), cystathionine, and methylmalonic acid (MMA) and correlated these values with clinical and other laboratory measures of the complications of diabetes mellitus in 452 subjects. tHcy was higher in males than in females and correlated with the duration of hypertension and systolic BP. tHcy was significantly correlated with MMA (r = .35, P < .0001) and cystathionine (r = .53, P < .0001) levels and inversely correlated with serum B12 (r = -.23, P < .0001) and folate (r = -.18, P < .0001). It was significantly correlated with serum creatinine (r = .28, P < .0001 for males and r = .39, P < .0001 for females) and inversely correlated with creatinine clearance (r = -.19, P < .005 for males and r = -.30, P < .0001 for females). tHcy was not increased in subjects with cardiovascular disease or retinopathy, but it was increased in those with neuropathy (10.3 v 9.3 micromol/L, P < .05) and macroalbuminuria (11.0 v 9.2 micromol/L, P < .005). Of these subjects, 2.2% met the criteria for vitamin B12 deficiency and 1% met the criteria for folate deficiency. We conclude that elevations of tHcy in this population appear to be the result of a combination of vitamin deficiency and decreased renal function and do not appear to be a predictor of cardiovascular disease.
Insulin sensitivity, glucose effectiveness, and insulin secretion in nondiabetic offspring of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study.; To evaluate the factors that determine the worsening of intravenous glucose tolerance in subjects at high risk for developing non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), 15 glucose-tolerant offspring of NIDDM patients and 21 control subjects were studied. Each subject underwent a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance (FSIGT) test. The intravenous glucose tolerance index (K(G) index) was calculated between minutes 10 and 40 of a FSIGT test. Insulin sensitivity (S(I)), glucose effectiveness at zero insulin (GEZI), and first- and second-phase insulin responsiveness (phi1 and phi2) were estimated using glucose and insulin kinetic minimal models. The acute insulin response to glucose (AIRg) was calculated as the area under the insulin curve above the basal level between 0 and 10 minutes, and the suprabasal insulin effect was determined by the product of S(I) times AIRg. Offspring had a lower S(I) than control subjects (14.1 +/- 7.5 v 9.25 +/- 4.20 x 10(-5) x min(-1)(pmol x L(-1))(-1), P < .01), and their AIRg was similar (3,284 +/- 2,280 v 3,105 +/- 1,499 pmol x L(-1), NS). Sample division according to the median K(G) value showed that control subjects with low tolerance had a lower AIRg (4,417 +/- 2,531 v 2,043 +/- 1,068 pmol x L(-1), P < .05) and a lower suprabasal insulin effect (0.057 +/- 0.03 v 0.023 +/- 0.009 min(-1), P < .05) than control subjects with high tolerance. Offspring with low tolerance had a lower AIRg (2,574 +/- 1,197 v 3,707 +/- 1,656 pmol x L(-1), P < .05) and a lower GEZI (0.101 +/- 0.05 v 0.212 +/- 0.08 x 10(-1) x min(-1), P < .05) than offspring with high tolerance. Offspring with high and low tolerance showed lower phi1 (375 +/- 155 v 272 +/- 181 v 698 +/- 336 (pmol x L(-1))min(mmol x L(-1)), NS) than control subjects with high tolerance. In conclusion, our data suggest that decreases in GEZI and AIRg are the main factors responsible for the worsening of intravenous glucose tolerance in the offspring of NIDDM patients.
Adenosine deaminase and body mass index in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We studied 273 subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) from the population of Penne, Italy. A low proportion of the adenosine deaminase (ADA)*2 allele is observed in NIDDM subjects with a body mass index (BMI) of 25 kg/m2 or less. On the contrary, a high proportion of this allele is observed in NIDDM patients with a BMI higher than 34 kg/m2. In the intermediate BMI class, the proportion of ADA*2 alleles does not differ significantly from that of normal subjects from the same population. No significant effect on the relation between ADA and BMI has been observed for the following variables: sex, age at the time of study, age at onset, therapy with insulin, and dyslipidemia. A borderline effect has been observed for the duration of disease. Several lines of experimental evidence suggest that an excess of adenosine A1 receptor activity may contribute to adiposity in NIDDM. ADA is a polymorphic enzyme that irreversibly deaminates adenosine to inosine, contributing to the regulation of intracellular and extracellular concentrations of adenosine. Since the activity of genotypes carrying the ADA*2 allele is lower than that of the more common genotype ADA*1/*1, genetic variability of the enzyme could contribute to degree of obesity in NIDDM. Our data also support attempts to ameliorate the metabolic control of diabetes through pharmacological modulation of adenosine receptors.
The relationship between diabetes knowledge and compliance among Chinese with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in Hong Kong.; This study examines the relationship between diabetes knowledge and compliance among Chinese with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in Hong Kong. A cross-sectional design was used to collect data through structured self-report interviews based on validated scales assessing diabetes knowledge, compliance behaviours and demographic data. The Diabetes Knowledge Scale was used to sample knowledge in the major areas of basic physiology of diabetes and general principles of diabetes care. Compliance level was assessed by using the Compliance Behaviour Questionnaire, inspection of patients' feet and the value of HbA1c. A convenience sample of 52 Chinese with NIDDM receiving out-patient diabetes care participated in the study on a voluntary basis. Descriptive and correlational statistical analyses were used to analyse the data. The findings indicated that there was no association between diabetes knowledge and compliance. There was a gap between what the patients were taught and what they were actually doing. Most of the patients gained higher marks on factual knowledge on diabetes but lost marks on the application of knowledge to their real life situations. Strategies are suggested to close the 'knowledge-action gap' and increase patients' motivation and ability to comply with the health regimen.
Urinary platelet-activating factor excretion is elevated in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Proteinuria is currently considered a very sensitive predictor of diabetic nephropathy, but 20-25% of all diabetic patients with negative Albustix reaction excrete higher than normal (< 20 mg/24 h) amounts of albumin in their urine. It is our hypothesis that platelet-activating factor (PAF), a potent glycerophospholipid that acts as a chemical mediator for a wide spectrum of biological activities, including increased vascular permeability, may be produced in significant amounts during periods preceding microalbuminuria. In this study, we compared urinary PAF excretion in Mexican-American subjects who were diagnosed with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with their healthy control counterparts. The age of the NIDDM subjects (45.9 +/- 2.1 years) was not significantly different from the healthy control group, which was 39.4 +/- 2.7 years (P < 0.0672). The NIDDM subjects (body mass index, 29.9 +/- 1.1 compared to 26.1 +/- 0.9 kg/m2 in healthy controls) were characterized by significantly increased (P < 0.05) fasting plasma glucose (192 +/- 11 vs. 97 +/- 4 mg/dl in healthy controls), fasting insulin (20.9 +/- 2.4 vs. 12.3 +/- 1.6 microU/ml), fasting C-peptide (2.93 +/- 1.26 vs. 1.48 +/- 0.51 ng/ml), and hemoglobin A1c (10.3 +/- 0.7 vs. 5.6 +/- 0.3%), respectively. The urine output for the NIDDM and control subjects were 1942 +/- 191 ml/24 h and 1032 +/- 94 ml/24 h, respectively, and urinary albumin excretion (UAE) rates were estimated to be 38 +/- 7 micrograms/min and 11 +/- 1 micrograms/min, respectively. The NIDDM subjects produced significantly increased levels of urinary PAF (2606.3 +/- 513.1 ng/24 h compared with 77.9 +/- 14.1 ng/24 h in controls (or 1706.3 +/- 420.8 ng/ml compared with 85.4 +/- 17.8 pg/ml of urine, in NIDDM and control subjects, respectively). We found that urinary PAF excretion was significantly correlated with microalbumin excretion (r = 0.7) especially at UAE rates greater than 30 mg/day and more importantly, some NIDDM patients with negative Albustix reaction (i.e. normal UAE) produced significantly more PAF, suggesting that PAF excretion may precede microalbuminuria and that subtle injury to the kidneys are present in NIDDM long before overt albuminuria ensues, urinary PAF measurements could potentially therefore serve as a sensitive indicator of renal injury in diabetes mellitus. These results lend further credence to our hypothesis that PAF may be the biochemical compound linking the various members of the insulin resistance syndrome.
Overtime, psychosocial working conditions, and occurrence of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in Japanese men.; OBJECTIVES: To ascertain the effects of overtime and psychosocial job conditions on the occurrence of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in Japan., DESIGN: An eight year prospective cohort study., SETTING: An electrical company in Japan., PARTICIPANTS: In 1984, a mailed questionnaire was sent to industrial workers of an electrical company in Japan. After excluding those who had a history of diabetes mellitus or other chronic diseases, 2597 male respondents were prospectively followed up for the succeeding eight years. Data from 2194 (84%) who were completely followed up were analysed. The occurrence of NIDDM during the follow up period was assessed according to the WHO criteria on the basis of an annual screening programme., MAIN RESULTS: The age adjusted incidence of NIDDM was significantly higher in those who worked overtime more than 50 hours per month than in those who worked 25 hours or less per month (p < 0.05). It was significantly higher in those who worked with new technology at baseline than in those who did not (p < 0.05). Cox's proportional hazard model indicated that those who worked overtime more than 50 hours per month had 3.7 times higher risk of NIDDM after controlling for known risk factors (p < 0.01) and those who worked with new technology had 2.4 times higher risk of NIDDM (p < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: It is suggested that longer overtime and use of new technology are risk factors of NIDDM in Japanese men.
Genetic dissection of "OLETF," a rat model for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: quantitative trait locus analysis of (OLETF x BN) x OLETF.; To identify genetic determinants relevant to non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we performed a genome-wide analysis for quantitative trait loci (QTLs) using 359 backcross progeny of the Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rat. The OLETF strain is a well-studied animal model of obese NIDDM, with features of hyperinsulinemia, hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, and abundant abdominal fat. Our extensive genomic scanning with 218 markers revealed nine significant QTLs, including a strong determinant of obesity on chromosome 1 (Dmo1: LOD = 13.99, for body weight). Two highly significant QTLs for glucose homeostasis were found, one on chromosome 1 (Dmo4 LOD = 7.16, for postprandial glucose level) and the other on chromosome X (Dmo11/Odb1: LOD = 7.81, for postprandial glucose level). These data are comparable to results of our previous studies of the OLETF rat. Copyright 1999 Academic Press.
Long-term effect of epalrestat on cardiac autonomic neuropathy in subjects with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; To evaluate the effect of long-term administration of an aldose reductase inhibitor on diabetic cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy, 22 subjects with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM, 11 men and 11 women, mean age; 64.8 +/- 7.8 years, duration of diabetes; 18.3 +/- 5.6 years) were administered epalrestat, one type of aldose reductase inhibitor, for 36 months. The changes in the coefficient of variation of the R-R interval (CV(R R)) during rest and the QTc interval were compared with 43 age-matched NIDDM (controls). During the study, the CV(R R) value gradually decreased in the controls, while it slightly increased in subjects treated with epalrestat. After 36 months, the CV(R R) value (2.31 +/- 1.09%) in subjects treated with epalrestat was significantly (P < 0.05) higher than that (1.84 +/- 0.75%) in the controls. There were no significant differences in QTc intervals in both groups. These results suggest that long-term administration of an aldose reductase inhibitor may be available for cardiac autonomic neuropathy in even relatively older diabetic subjects with long duration.
[Lowering of resistance to oxidation of VLDL lipoproteins and some subfractions of LDL lipoproteins in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].; AIM: To investigate composition of very low density lipoproteins (VLDLP) and some subfractions of low density lipoproteins (LDLP), and their resistance to oxidation in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) varying in severity compared to healthy subjects., MATERIALS AND METHODS: 26 NIDDM patients and 16 healthy controls. VLDLP and subfractions of LDLP were isolated by ultracentrifugation. The lipoproteins were assayed for protein, cholesterol, initial products of lipid peroxidation (LPO). After autooxidation of lipoproteins, fluorimetry examined the degree of the oxidant modification., RESULTS: The initial level of LPO products was elevated in VLDLP and light subfractions of LDLP in severe and moderate NIDDM patients. Even in mild NIDDM, resistance to oxidation of dense LDLP subfractions was low and continued to decrease with aggravation of the disease. High ratio cholesterol/ protein occurred in VLDLP and subfractions of LDLP from patient with severe NIDDM., CONCLUSION: It is shown that subnormal resistance to oxidation of LDLP dense subfractions even in mild NIDDM is an informative diagnostic criterion of risk factor to develop atherosclerosis.
[Vitamin supply in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].; Concentrations of vitamins C, A, E, B2, B6 and carotinoids were measured in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Most of the examinees had deficiency of both group B vitamins and carotinoids, some of the patients were vitamin C deficient. Vitamin-enriched drink Zolotoi shar (Golden Ball) and beta-carotene in oil were included in regular diet of NIDDM and taken for 4 weeks. As a result, supply of the vitamins C and beta-carotene has improved significantly. There was a positive trend in the levels of vitamin B6, while vitamins A and E reached optimal values.
[Vascular risk factors in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Correlation between albuminuria and glycosylated hemoglobin].; OBJECTIVE: This study compared 23 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 28 non-diabetic control subjects, seeking for associations between NIDDM and other cardiovascular risk factors. The relationship of the glycemic control with the risk factor profile was also assessed., RESULTS: The most outstanding results were: The diabetic group showed higher values in the proportion of subjects with diabetes family history (P < 0.01) and the levels of systolic blood pressure (P < 0.05), total cholesterol (P < 0.05), triglyceridemia (P < 0.001), and total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol ratio (P < 0.01). Within the diabetic group, a positive correlation (r = 0.68, P < 0.001) was found between the percent of glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and the 24-hour urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER)., CONCLUSION: We conclude that NIDDM associates to other cardiovascular risk factors. The correlation of HbA1c with UAER suggests a possible relationship between poor diabetic control and some of the secondary diabetic complications.
Screening for variants of the uncoupling protein 2 gene in Japanese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We examined genetic mutations in the coding regions of the uncoupling protein 2 (UCP2) gene in 100 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The sequences of each exon-intron boundary were detected by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) using specific primer pairs designed in the cDNA sequence of UCP2 and a cycle-sequence method. Using the specific primer pairs in the intron 5'- or 3'-untranslated region, each exon with its exon-intron boundaries was amplified with the PCR method, and the PCR products were analyzed using a single-strand conformation polymorphism (SSCP) method. One nucleotide substitution in exon 4 was found, which exchanged Ala (gcc) at position 55 of the amino acid sequence for Val (gtc), previously reported in Denmark by Urhammer et al in 1997. The polymorphism was reanalyzed in all patients and 120 normal subjects using a PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism method. There was no difference in the genotype distribution between patients and normal subjects, and our genotype distribution was similar to the Danish study. Furthermore, there were no clinical differences between genotype groups among the patients. No other mutation including the exon-intron boundary was found in these patients. Genetic mutations of UCP2 may not be commonly associated with obesity or diabetes in Japanese subjects.
Glucose transporter (GLUT1) allele (XbaI-) associated with nephropathy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Although multiple factors contribute to the initiation and progression of diabetic nephropathy (DN), hyperglycemia and genetic predisposition are two major components implicated in the development of DN. Several pieces of experimental evidence suggest that glucose transporter (GLUT1) activity is an important modulator for the cell hypertrophy and extracellular matrix formation of glomerular mesangial cells., METHODS: To evaluate the role of the GLUT1 gene mutation in the development of DN in Chinese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), the polymorphic XbaI site of GLUT1 gene was analyzed by polymerase chain reaction in 124 normal subjects and 131 patients with NIDDM, among whom 64 were complicated with DN. DN was defined as persistent albuminuria with or without impaired renal function with no known cause of renal disease other than diabetes., RESULTS: The frequencies of XbaI (+/-) genotype (75 vs. 44%, P < 0.01) and XbaI (-) allele (44 vs. 29%, P < 0.05) were significantly higher in NIDDM patients with DN than those without nephropathy. There were no significant differences for GLUT1 genotype and allele frequency between NIDDM patients without nephropathy and normal subjects. The presence of the XbaI (-) allele appeared to have a strong association with the development of DN. The odds ratio was 1.915, and the 95% confidence interval was 1.044 to 3.514. In addition, no strong association was found between GLUT1 gene polymorphism and retinopathy in NIDDM patients., CONCLUSION: Our results indicate that the XbaI (-) allele of the GLUT1 gene might be a genetic marker of NIDDM with DN, and this genetic susceptibility is independent of its retinopathy in Chinese subjects.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with type I multiple symmetrical lipomatosis: a case report.; Type I multiple symmetrical lipomatosis (MSL; Madelung's disease) is characterized by lipomas in the nape of the neck and the supraclavicular and deltoid regions, resulting in a bull-necked appearance (Madelung's collar). It is most common in alcoholic men between 35 and 50 years of age. Type I MSL has been reportedly associated with hyperinsulinemia, but its association with diabetes mellitus is rarely discussed. We describe a case of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) associated with type I MSL. A 47-year-old alcoholic man presented with a seven-year history of hyperglycemia and progressive neck swelling with dysphagia for one year. Physical examination showed diffuse and symmetrical swelling of the bilateral posterior aspects of the neck. Biochemistry profiles revealed elevated concentrations of fasting serum glucose (276 +/- 16 mg/dl), triglycerides (358 +/- 79 mg/dl) and total cholesterol (323 +/- 28 mg/dl). Endocrinologic studies showed normal thyroid function. Neck sonography revealed diffuse thickening and swelling of the fatty structures of both sides of the neck. Normal sonography showed no fatty deposition in the liver. Maxillary and neck computerized tomography revealed diffuse fat accumulation in the submental and posterior neck regions, with no extension to the superior mediastinum. Fine needle aspiration cytology of the neck masses showed only fat cells. The patient received an oral hypoglycemic agent (glibenclamide 5 mg bid) for blood glucose control and lovastatin (20 mg before bed-time) for hyperlipidemia, and ceased drinking alcohol. The neck swelling resolved markedly after 15 months of medical treatment. This suggests that, in addition to the cessation of alcohol consumption, the reduction of blood glucose and lipid concentrations by medication may also assist in resolving the accumulated fat of type I MSL in patients with NIDDM.
Albuminuria and other risk factors for mortality in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus aged under 65 years: a population-based prospective 5-year study.; The overall 5-year mortality of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients aged under 65 years and associated risk factors were examined with a population-based study in a primary care setting. At the baseline, diabetic patients were asked of existing coronary heart disease (CHD) and hypertension, and checked for body mass index (BMI), glycemic control, lipid values and overnight albuminuria. Of 381 identified NIDDM patients, 252 (66%) participated in the study. The median age was 58 (range 36-64) years, BMI 30.5 (S.D. 5.5) kg/m2 and glycosylated hemoglobin A1c 8.7 (S.D. 2.0)%. Overall 5-year mortality was 8.3%. Factors associated with mortality were male gender, low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, initial CHD and albuminuria > or = 20 microg/min. In Cox regression analysis, combination of CHD and albuminuria had the highest relative risk for mortality (RR = 3.43, 95% CI 1.63-7.19, P = 0.001), adjusted for gender and age. Albuminuria was associated with CHD only in male NIDDM patients. In primary health care, physicians should be aware that combination of CHD and (micro)albuminuria is a major predictor of mortality in NIDDM patients.
Causes of death and associated factors among patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Taipei, Taiwan.; A cohort of 766 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) from a general teaching hospital in Taipei, Taiwan were followed prospectively to assess survival experience and associated risk factors. Data were abstracted from the medical records and additional information was obtained from patients or their closest relatives using a structured questionnaire. Date and cause of death were determined from death certificates. Standardized mortality ratios were calculated by the direct method. Chi2-Square test and Cox's proportional hazard analysis were used to control for potential confounders. During a median follow-up of 3.5 years (range 1 month to 4.6 years), 131 deaths occurred. Of these, 29.8% were due to cardiopulmonary disease (ICD 401-429), 13.0% due to cerebrovascular disease (ICD 430-438), 13.0% due to acute diabetes metabolic complications (250.1, 250.2), and 11.4% due to nephropathy (580-589). Adjusted for age, people with NIDDM had 2.2 (95% CI 1.6-2.9) times the risk of death than members of the general population, and cause-specific standardized mortality ratios were: CPD 4.6, nephropathy 8.8, cerebrovascular disease 1.9, and neoplasm 0.7. Age, fasting plasma glucose, hypertension, and proteinuria were positively and independently associated with all-cause mortality (P < 0.05 for each). Thus, NIDDM patients have higher mortality rates than the general population in Taiwan, and age, fasting plasma glucose, hypertension, and proteinuria are associated with this excess risk. Proper application of available interventions may control these factors with a consequent reduction in mortality. Particular attention is needed to prevent deaths from the acute metabolic complications of diabetes.
Preperitoneal fat deposition estimated by ultrasonography in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; UNLABELLED: Preperitoneal fat is an indicator of visceral fat deposition, which is closely related to atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease in obese patients. We assessed the relationship of preperitoneal fat deposition and various clinical characteristics in 90 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Preperitoneal and subcutaneous fat deposition were measured by ultrasonography. In both the male and female diabetics, preperitoneal fat levels were significantly higher than in age-matched healthy subjects. We also determined blood pressures, fasting plasma glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin A1c, serum lipids, fasting immunoreactive insulin (FIRI), daily urinary C-peptide (CPR), serum leptin, urinary albumin excretion and body mass index (BMI). Of these parameters, BMI, FIRI, leptin and daily urinary CPR were positively correlated with preperitoneal fat deposition. Patients with diet therapy alone showed significantly higher preperitoneal fat levels than those receiving insulin therapy. In female, patients with increased preperitoneal fat showed higher prevalence of hypertension than those with decreased fat. Macroalbuminuric patients had a lower preperitoneal fat than microalbuminuric and normoalbuminuric patients. Patients with proliferative retinopathy exhibited lower preperitoneal fat than did those without retinopathy. Preperitoneal fat levels were positively correlated with motor or sensory nerve conduction velocity., CONCLUSION: The present findings suggest that in NIDDM patients, increased preperitoneal fat deposition is closely associated with obesity, hypertension and hyperinsulinemia, and negatively modulates diabetic microangiopathy including nephropathy, retinopathy and neuropathy.
Maternally transmitted susceptibility to non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and left ventricular hypertrophy.; OBJECTIVES: We studied the association of diabetes transmission with left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., BACKGROUND: It is suggested that NIDDM has a strong genetic basis and that maternally transmitted NIDDM is associated with mitochondrial deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) mutations. However, genetic factors for LVH in NIDDM are unknown., METHODS: We investigated the family history of diabetes and the prevalence of LVH using electrocardiography in 834 patients with NIDDM, of whom 199 also underwent echocardiography., RESULTS: Of the 834 patients, 121 had diabetic mothers, 122 had diabetic fathers and 30 had both. The LVH criterion of S(v1) + R(V5) or R(v6) >35 mm was met in 148 patients. The percentage of patients having diabetic mothers was higher in those with LVH criterion (29%) than without it (16%) (p < 0.001), but the percentage of patients having diabetic fathers was similar in those with LVH (18%) and without it (18%). Compared with the 683 patients with nondiabetic mothers, the 151 patients with diabetic mothers were younger and had earlier onset of diabetes. The percentage of patients having diabetic siblings was also higher in those with diabetic mothers (31%) than in those with nondiabetic mothers (18%) (p < 0.001). On electrocardiograms, the prevalence of LVH was higher in patients with diabetic mothers (28%) than in those with nondiabetic mothers (15%) (p < 0.001). Echocardiograms showed that patients with diabetic mothers had greater left ventricular wall thickness and mass than those with nondiabetic mothers. In multivariate analysis, the family history of diabetes in mothers was an independent factor to LVH, but the family history of diabetes in fathers was not., CONCLUSIONS: Maternal transmission of diabetes was associated with LVH in patients with NIDDM. Some genetic factors of diabetes, such as mitochondrial DNA abnormalities, may contribute to the development of LVH in maternally transmitted NIDDM.
Silent myocardial ischemia and microalbuminuria in asymptomatic subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Microalbuminuria is an increase in urinary albumin not detected by conventional dipstick testing and is present in 20% of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Mortality in NIDDM patients with microalbuminuria is 60% at 8 years and is mainly due to cardiovascular disease. Because many deaths occur without warning symptoms, we have compared the prevalence and severity of silent myocardial ischemia in asymptomatic NIDDM patients with and without microalbuminuria. We have performed a cross-sectional, case-control study of asymptomatic NIDDM patients attending hospital diabetes clinics. Forty-three patients with microalbuminuria were matched for age, gender, diabetes duration, and smoking status with 43 normoalbuminuric patients. A symptom-limited exercise stress test was performed and reported blind to patient status. The degree of electrocardiographic ST-segment depression, exercise time, work performed, and maximum heart rate with exercise were recorded. Patients with microalbuminuria had a higher prevalence of ischemic response (>1 mm ST depression) (65% vs 40%, p = 0.016), reduced total exercise time (5 vs 7 minutes, p <0.001), reduced work (6 vs 8 METs, p <0.001), and reduced age-predicted maximum heart rate (94% vs 101%, p = 0.004). In multiple logistic regression, albumin excretion rate was shown to be the strongest independent predictor of ischemic response (p = 0.03). Silent myocardial ischemia is common in asymptomatic NIDDM patients but is more common in those with microalbuminuria. In these subjects, the higher prevalence of ischemic response at low workloads suggests a higher probability of future coronary events, and possibly a higher probability of potentially treatable coronary artery disease.
Mapping and characterization of quantitative trait loci for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with an improved genetic map in the Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima fatty rat.; The Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rat is an animal model for obese-type, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in humans. We have previously reported four quantitative trait loci (QTLs) responsible for NIDDM on Chromosomes (Chrs) 7, 14, 8, and 11 (Nidd1-4/of for Non-insulin-dependent diabetes1-4/oletf) by a whole-genome search in 160 F2 progenies obtained by mating the OLETF and the Fischer-344 (F344) rats. Our present investigation was designed to identify and characterize novel QTLs affecting NIDDM by performing a genome-wide linkage analysis of genes for glucose levels and body weight and analysis for gene-to-gene and gene-to-body-weight interactions on an improved genetic map with a set of 382 informative markers in the 160 F2 progenies. We have identified seven novel QTLs on rat Chrs 1 (Nidd5 and 6/of), 5 (Nidd7/of), 9 (Nidd8/of), 12 (Nidd9/of), 14 (Nidd10/of) and 16 (Nidd11/of) which, together with the Nidd1-4/of, account for a total of approximately 60% and approximately 75% of the genetic variance of the fasting and postprandial glucose levels, respectively, in the F2. While the OLETF allele corresponds with increased glucose levels as expected for the novel QTLs except Nidd8 and 9/of, the Nidd8 and 9/of exhibit heterosis: heterozygotes showing significantly higher glucose levels than OLETF or F344 homozygotes. There are epistatic interactions between Nidd1 and 10/of and between Nidd2 and 8/of. Additionally, our results indicated that the Nidd6 and 11/of could also contribute to an increase of body weight, and that the other five QTLs could show no linkage with body weight, but Nidd8,9, and 10/of have an interaction with body weight.
Association between low-density lipoprotein composition and its metabolism in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Atheroma is related to low-density lipoprotein (LDL) composition. LDL in diabetic patients-a group with increased risk of severe atheroma-has been shown by our group and others to have various compositional alterations that are potentially atherogenic. Little is known about the relationship between LDL turnover and composition. This study examined the relationship between LDL composition and turnover in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. Twenty-two NIDDM patients with a mean plasma cholesterol of 6.6+/-1.5 mmol/L were studied. Twelve subjects were hypercholesterolemic (mean cholesterol, 7.7+/-0.8 mmol/L), and eight of these agreed to be studied a second time after 4 weeks of treatment with simvastatin. LDL was isolated by density gradient ultracentrifugation, iodinated, and reinjected into the patient. LDL turnover was determined by measuring the clearance of [125I]-LDL from plasma over a 10-day period. The LDL residence time, determined using a biexponential model, correlated negatively with the body mass index (BMI) (r = -.73, P<.001) and serum triglycerides (r = - .57, P<.01). There was a significant inverse correlation between LDL residence time and the LDL esterified to free cholesterol ratio in hypercholesterolemic subjects (r = -.94, P<.001). There was a significant inverse relationship between LDL residence time and both hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and fasting blood glucose in these subjects before treatment (P<.005). After simvastatin therapy, the relationships were no longer significant. Simvastatin treatment was associated with a shorter LDL residence time (P<.01) and a decrease in LDL glycation (P<.001) with virtually no change in diabetic control (HbA1c, 6.0%+/-3.1% v. 6.3%+/-3.3%, NS). This study suggests that a decrease in residence time by upregulation of the LDL receptor with simvastatin alters LDL composition in a way that is likely to render the particle less atherogenic.
Elevated serum semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase activity in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: correlation with body mass index and serum triglyceride.; Previous clinical studies reported elevated semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase (SSAO) activity in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), but there are not sufficient data about SSAO in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The present study was conducted to investigate serum SSAO activity in NIDDM patients compared with nondiabetic and IDDM patients. Serum SSAO activity in 61 patients with diabetes (n = 34 NIDDM and n = 27 IDDM) and 36 controls was determined using 14C-benzylamine as a substrate. NIDDM and IDDM patients exhibited higher SSAO activity compared with controls ([mean +/- SD] NIDDM, 164.60+/-69.43 pmol/mg protein/h, P<.0001; IDDM, 143.91+/-72.45 pmol/mg protein/h, P<.002; control, 91.46+/-28.11 pmol/mg protein/h). There was a significant positive correlation between serum SSAO activity and the body mass index (BMI), body weight, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), fasting plasma glucose, and triglycerides. Within the control group, SSAO correlated with total cholesterol levels. The progression and severity of diabetic complications such as angiopathy may be exacerbated by cytotoxic metabolites (e.g., formaldehyde and hydrogen peroxide) formed by SSAO. These results reveal the possibility that elevated serum SSAO activity in association with obesity and hyperlipidemia may be a cardiovascular risk factor in diabetes mellitus.
Peripheral tissue glucose uptake is not reduced after an oral glucose load in Southern Italian subjects at risk of developing non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Studies searching for the inherited defects that cause non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) have been performed mostly in Northern European subjects using the hyperinsulinemic clamp technique. The conclusion drawn from most of these studies is that peripheral insulin resistance is likely a primary inherited defect. Our aim was to examine early defects in glucose metabolism using a more physiological technique in a different ethnic group. For this, a double-label oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed in young diabetes-prone Southern Italian subjects who had both parents with NIDDM (relatives) and in subjects with no family history of NIDDM (matched for age, weight, and ethnicity). Fasting plasma glucose and insulin in the relatives were normal; however, they had impaired glucose tolerance during the OGTT. This was due to reduced hepatic glucose uptake (17.9+/-2.8 v. 28.1+/-2.3 g, P<.02). No defects were found in the metabolic clearance rate (MCR) of glucose or endogenous glucose production. During an intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT), insulin sensitivity was again found to be normal (3.04+/-0.65 in relatives v. 2.33+/-0.38 min(-1) per micromol x L(-1) x min in controls), with a marked reduction in first-phase insulin secretion in the relatives (110+/-12 v. 211+/-18 pmol x L(-1) x min per mmol x L(-1), P<.001). A strong correlation was found between hepatic glucose uptake and insulin secretion (r = .81, P<.001), which may suggest that the same abnormality operates in both the liver and pancreas. Therefore, the metabolic defect that causes hyperglycemia in diabetes-prone subjects is not always a reduced peripheral insulin sensitivity. The genetic basis of NIDDM may differ between different ethnic groups.
Clinical and morphometrical interrelationships in patients with overt nephropathy induced by non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. A light- and electron-microscopy study.; To clarify the relationships between clinical and renal structural findings in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we studied 19 renal biopsy specimens from patients with overt diabetic nephropathy induced by NIDDM. By a conventional biopsy examination using light, immunofluorescent and electron microscopy, we excluded patients with any non-diabetic renal diseases which may have caused urinary abnormalities. Using standard stereological methods, the glomerular filtration surface area per nephron (S-Filt/neph), mesangial volume per glomerulus (V-Mes/glom), mesangial matrix volume per glomerulus (V-MM/glom) and the width of the glomerular basement membrane (GBM) were measured in nonoccluded glomeruli. The hyaline change in the arteriole was analyzed semiquantitatively using light microscopy as an index of arteriolar hyalinosis. Light-microscopic findings demonstrated minimal lesions in 4 cases, focal and/or segmental sclerotic lesions in 4 cases, and diffuse mesangial expansion in 11 cases (with and without nodular lesions in 9 and 2 cases, respectively). Mean glomerular volume of an open glomerulus in diabetic patients was 1.6 times the reference value obtained from nondiabetic patients with mild proteinuria and/or hematuria and normal renal function. Clinical parameters, including the duration of diabetes, urinary protein excretion and creatinine clearance were all related to S-Filt/neph, V-Mes/glom, V-MM/glom and the width of the GBM. In addition, V-MM/glom, the width of the GBM and the index of arteriolar hyalinosis were closely interrelated. Based on these findings, diabetic renal changes, including an increase in the mesangial matrix, thickening of the GBM and arteriolar hyalinosis, appeared to progress in parallel, and may reflect various clinical manifestations in patients with overt diabetic nephropathy induced by NIDDM without nondiabetic renal lesions.
Disordered expression of the sucrase-isomaltase complex in the small intestine in Otsuka Long-Evans tokushima fatty rats, a model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with insulin resistance.; To clarify the relationship between diabetes mellitus and carbohydrate digestion, the activities of sucrase and isomaltase, which form a complex enzyme (SI complex) on the brush border membranes, were compared in the progression of diabetes mellitus in Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima fatty (OLETF) rats, a model of human non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with insulin resistance, and Long-Evans Tokushima Otsuka (LETO) rats as non-diabetic controls. Until 40 weeks of age, OLETF rats were obese and had a high plasma glucose level, compared to age-matched LETO rats, but the sucrase and isomaltase activities showed no significant differences between the two strains. Oral glucose tolerance test revealed that during 40-48 weeks of age, NIDDM became very severe with advancing insulin resistance in OLETF rats. In OLETF rats, in contrast to LETO rats, at 48 weeks of age, abnormal increases in the sucrase and isomaltase activities occurred, along with a remarkable decrease in body weight and a further great increase in the plasma glucose level in the non-fasting state. Hyperinsulinemia occurred in 20-week-old OLETF rats; however, at 40 and 48 weeks of age, the plasma insulin level in the non-fasting state in OLETF rats was not significantly different from that in LETO rats. The level of mRNA encoding the SI complex increased abnormally in 48-week-old OLETF rats. These results suggest that the advance of insulin resistance leads to an increase in the expression of the SI complex on the transcriptional level.
Polymorphism of the glycogen synthase gene and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Chinese population.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the possible association between the Xbal polymorphism of the glycogen synthase gene and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in Chinese population., METHODS: 216 NIDDM patients and 106 healthy controls were studied. DNA fragment containing Xbal restriction site was amplified by the polymerase chain reaction, digested by the Xbal enzyme and compared by gel electrophoresis with a positive control from Finland., RESULTS: The Xbal polymorphism was found in 18 of 216 Chinese patients (8.3%) and was also found in 10 of 106 controls (9.4%) (P > 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that the Xbal polymorphism of the glycogen synthase gene could not be used as a genetic marker for NIDDM in Chinese population of Henan Han nationality.
Linkage analysis of the genetic markers of the candidate genes with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in Chinese families.; OBJECTIVE: To explore the relationship between the genetic markers of the candidate genes (insulin receptor, glucose transporter 2 and glucokinase) and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in Chinese pedigrees., METHODS: Genomic DNA of 87 members in 12 Chinese NIDDM pedigrees was amplified using PCR technique. Denaturing polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis was applied to detect short tandem repeat polymorphisms. The linkage program was used under the models of autosomal dominant and recessive. The individuals with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) of age  45 were counted as affected and unknown status respectively., RESULTS: Linkage of insulin receptor gene and NIDDM was strongly and significantly rejected with total LOD score of-infinity (theta = 0.000). Linkage analysis of glucose transporter 2 gave the result with total LOD score of 2.646 (theta = 0.000) in 4 pedigrees. Linkage of glucokinase and NIDDM was of significance with total LOD score reaching 3.150 in the integration of 6 pedigrees., CONCLUSIONS: Mutations in or near the insulin receptor gene are unlikely to be the major cause of inherited predisposition to NIDDM in Chinese pedigrees that are related in this study, not excluding the principal role in the other Chinese or populations, while the mutations/variations near or at the glucose transporter 2 gene locus might be something of the cause, which needs more data to be ascertained, of familial NIDDM in Chinese pedigrees. However, the variations in or near the glucokinase gene might play a dominant role in the development of NIDDM in some Chinese and represent a subgroup of common NIDDM.
Decreased mitochondrial DNA content in peripheral blood precedes the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Qualitative changes in mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA), such as mutations and deletions, have been implicated in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus. In addition to the qualitative changes, mtDNA is subject to quantitative changes, and is vulnerable to oxidative stress, resulting in both qualitative and quantitative changes. This study was performed to investigate whether quantitative changes in mtDNA occur in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients and also in pre-diabetic subjects. MtDNA content from peripheral blood was measured by slot-blot analysis in 55 NIDDM patients and 29 age- and sex-matched control subjects. We have also analysed the mtDNA copies by quantitative polymerase chain reaction (PCR) method in 23 pre-diabetic subjects who converted to diabetic in 2 years and 22 age- and sex-matched control subjects who remained non-diabetic. Mean mtDNA quantity measured by slot blot method was 35% lower in patients with NIDDM than in control subjects (12.3+/-8.1 vs. 19.1+/-8.2 AU/microg DNA; P < 0.05). MtDNA quantities did not correlate with age, body mass index, duration of diabetes or HbA1c levels. We have also found that the mtDNA copies in subjects who converted to diabetes in 2 years were lower than in controls even before the development of diabetes (102.8+/-41.5 vs. 137.8+/-67.7 copies/pg template DNA P < 0.05). Inverse correlations were noted between mtDNA content and baseline waist hip circumference ratio (WHR) (r = -0.31, P < 0.05), and fasting glucose level (r = - 0.35, P < 0.05), diastolic blood pressure (r = -0.36, P < 0.05), and WHR (r = -0.40, P < 0.01) after development of diabetes. In conclusion, we demonstrate that the content of mtDNA decreases in peripheral blood of patients with NIDDM and the lower mtDNA levels precede the development of diabetes.
Insulin resistant phenotype is associated with high serum leptin levels in offspring of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether there are differences in serum leptin levels between the offspring of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients representing different phenotypes of NIDDM, and furthermore to investigate the role of different fat tissue (subcutaneous fat area (SCFAT) and intra-abdominal fat area (IAFAT)) and insulin sensitivity on serum leptin levels., DESIGN: Twenty non-diabetic offspring of NIDDM patients with insulin secretion deficient phenotype (IS-group), 18 non-diabetic offspring of NIDDM patients with insulin resistant phenotype (IR-group) and 14 healthy control subjects without a family history of diabetes were studied., METHODS: Serum leptin levels were measured by RIA. SCFAT and IAFAT were measured by computed tomography. the total fat mass (TFM) by bioelectrical impedance and the whole body glucose uptake (WBGU) by the euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp technique., RESULTS: Subjects of the control group (P = 0.003) and the IS-group (P<0.001) had lower serum leptin levels than subjects of the IR-group even after adjustment for gender (P<0.001). TFM (P = 0.009), fasting plasma insulin (P = 0.003) and for IAFAT (P<0.001). The differences weakened after adjustments for SCFAT (P = 0.028) or WBGU (P = 0.040) and disappeared after adjustment for both SCFAT and WBGU (P = 0.058). In the stepwise multiple regression analyses SCFAT. WBGU and gender explained 58% of the variation of serum leptin levels whereas IAFAT failed to be a significant determinant of serum leptin levels., CONCLUSIONS: The higher serum leptin levels in the IR-group was markedly, but not solely, explained by lower rates of WBGU and higher SCFAT. SCFAT was shown to be a more important determinant of serum leptin levels than IAFAT among these study groups.
[Self-care behaviors, self-efficacy, and social support effect on the glycemic control of patients newly diagnosed with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].; The purpose of this study was to explore the glycemic control and influencing factors in outpatients newly diagnosed with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). By purposeful sampling, data were collected from 130 outpatients with NIDDM at one medical center in Kaohsiung. The results indicated: (1) the mean value for HbA1C was 7.12%; and 63.1% of the patients belonged to moderate to well controlled group; (2) male patient's HbA1C value was significantly lower than female patient's; patients with no religious belief also had a lower HbA1C value than patients with a religious background; (3) there were strongly negative correlations between self-care behaviors, social support, and self-efficacy and HbA1C; (4) using a multiple stepwise regression analysis, religious belief and self-care behaviors were found to explain 10.9% variance of HbA1C level. The results of this study could be used as a reference for diabetes health education program.
Progression to overt proteinuria in microalbuminuric Koreans with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Long-term data concerning the progression of microalbuminuria are not available in Koreans with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). To elucidate potential risk factors of the development of overt proteinuria in microalbuminuric Koreans with NIDDM, we studied retrospectively 46 patients with NIDDM. Between 1989 and 1990, they were found to have persistent microalbuminuria, and then were followed up regularly. Urinary albumin excretion rates (UAEs) were measured on a 24-h urine sample. Microalbuminuria was defined as UAE between 20 and 200 microg/min, and overt proteinuria as UAE > 200 microg/min on two consecutive occasions. After a mean of 4.5 years (range 3-6), 23 patients progressed to overt proteinuria (progressors), and others remained microalbuminuric (nonprogressors). Duration of diabetes was significantly longer in progressors than in nonprogressors. Mean fasting plasma glucose and HbA1c levels during the follow-up were significantly higher in progressors compared with nonprogressors (11.5+/-3.6 vs. 8.7+/-2.5 mmol/l, P=0.006, and 8.9+/-1.5 vs. 7.5+/-1.4%, P=0.005, respectively). In addition, frequencies of overt proteinuria were significantly higher in patients with their mean HbA1c > 8% during follow-up than in patients with their mean HbA1c < or=80% during follow-up (65.2 vs. 30.4%, P=0.015). Mean systolic blood pressure and mean diastolic blood pressure during follow-up tended to be higher in progressors compared with nonprogressors. Multiple logistic regression analysis revealed that mean HbA1c levels and mean systolic blood pressure during the follow-up were the most significant predictors for the incidence of overt proteinuria at 4.5-year follow-up, when adjusted for various factors (P=0.023, P=0.038, respectively). We conclude that poor glycemic control, along with elevated systolic blood pressure, were powerful predictors for the development of overt proteinuria in microalbuminuric Koreans with NIDDM.
The relationship between the insulin resistance syndrome and insulin sensitivity in the first-degree relatives of subjects with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has a substantial genetic component. Impaired insulin secretion, insulin insensitivity in muscle and adipose tissue, and elevated hepatic glucose production are the major pathophysiological features of NIDDM. Insulin insensitivity is also a feature of the insulin resistance syndrome, which describes the epidemiological association of glucose intolerance, upper body obesity, hyperinsulinaemia, hypertension, increased triglyceride levels and decreased high-density-lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol concentrations. Insulin insensitivity has been found to be a familial trait, and this raises the hypothesis that the insulin resistance syndrome may also occur as a familial trait in caucasian families in association with the development of NIDDM. The 90 first degree relatives of 50 caucasian subjects with NIDDM were studied with a continuous infusion glucose tolerance test to quantitate glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function. Body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, fasting triglyceride and HDL-cholesterol measurements were obtained, and the intercorrelations between these variables were examined. As a group the first degree relatives had a median insulin sensitivity of 65% (interquartile range 46-99%). Insulin sensitivity was univariately correlated with systolic and diastolic blood pressure, triglyceride and HDL-cholesterol. These associations were present in both the hyperglycaemic and the normoglycaemic relatives. The hyperglycaemic relatives were significantly more insulin insensitive than the normoglycaemic relatives, but this additional insulin insensitivity was not associated with significant differences in blood pressure, triglyceride or HDL-cholesterol concentrations. Our data indicate that the insulin insensitivity present in the first degree relatives of subjects with NIDDM is correlated with the cardiovascular risk factors which make up the insulin resistance syndrome, and that glycaemic status does not appear to be the major determinant of these associations. Interventions targeting obesity and insulin insensitivity in these subjects may reduce cardiovascular risk.
Effects of aldose reductase inhibitor and vitamin B12 on myocardial uptake of iodine-123 metaiodobenzylguanidine in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; This study was undertaken to examine the effects of aldose reductase inhibitor (ARI) and vitamin B12 (VB12) on myocardial uptake of iodine-123 metaiodobenzylguanidine (MIBG) in patients with diabetic autonomic disorder. Myocardial scintigraphy using 123I-MIBG was performed on 20 healthy volunteers (controls) and 56 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), in order to obtain the heart/mediastinum ratio in the initial (HMi) and the delayed images (HMd), and the washout rate (%WR). Thirty-four of the 56 NIDDM patients could be diagnosed as having diabetic autonomic disorder by evaluating their scintigraphic findings in comparison with the controls. Seventeen of these 34 patients received 150 mg/day of doses before meals, and the other 17 received 1.5 mg/day of mecobalamin (VB12 group) in three divided doses after meals, for 3-5 months. According to the presence or absence of clinical symptoms of autonomic or peripheral somatic nerve disorder, the patients were subclassified into four groups. group 1=patients, with autonomic symptoms or somatosensory disorder in the ARI group; group 2=patients without autonomic symptoms or somatosensory disorder in the ARI group; group 3=patients with autonomic symptoms or somatosensory disorder in the VB12 group; and group 4=patients without autonomic symptoms or somatosensory disorder in the VB12 group. After completion of the treatment, myocardial scintigraphy was performed again. Comparing the results obtained before and after the treatment, it was seen that ARI improved only the HMi in group 1 (P=0.046), whereas VB12 significantly improved HMi in the group 3 (P=0.018) and HMi, HMd and %WR in group 4 (P=0.043, P=0.018 and P=0.043, respectively). We conclude that VB12 is more efficacious than ARI in the treatment of diabetic cardiovascular autonomic disorder.
Identification of quantitative trait loci for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus that interact with body weight in the Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty rat.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a prototypical multifactorial disease. Genetic predisposition and obesity are major risk factors for NIDDM development and the interactions between these factors are likely to be important in the etiology of this disease. The Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rat is one of the best animal models of NIDDM, since the OLETF rat develops NIDDM with mild obesity that is very similar to human NIDDM. Therefore, the OLETF rat is a powerful model for investigating the interaction between genetic susceptibility to NIDDM and obesity. In this study, our goal was to clarify the relationship between an individual NIDDM susceptibility locus and obesity in the OLETF using a molecular genetics approach. We identified four novel quantitative trait loci (QTLs) that contribute to the susceptibility to NIDDM, none of which shows significant linkage with body weight. However, Nidd1/of on chromosome 7 and Nidd2/of on chromosome 14 have an interaction with body weight. In contrast, one locus was mapped to chromosome 10 for body weight, but not to fasting or postprandial glucose levels. These data illustrate that NIDDM and body weight are under separate genetic control in the OLETF yet interact to yield the final disease phenotype in the two Nidd/of loci. In addition, body weight could be used in place of body mass index as an indicator of obesity in our experimental system of genetic study. This study will facilitate the understanding of the complex interaction between genetic susceptibility to NIDDM and obesity.
[Epithalamin effects on carbohydrate metabolism and cardiovascular system in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; Epithelamine made in Russia (Samson, St. Petersburg) was tried for effects on carbohydrate metabolism and cardiovascular system in 33 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Adjuvant use of epithelamine in combined treatment of NIDDM promoted a stable compensation of carbohydrate metabolism, lowering of glycosylated hemoglobin, immunoreactive insulin. There was also a moderate hypotensive effect and improvement of left ventricular diastolic function.
Autonomic neuropathy in asymptomatic subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and microalbuminuria.; Patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and microalbuminuria (MA) are at increased risk of early death. In NIDDM patients without evidence of heart disease, we examined the links between MA and autonomic neuropathy (AN) and reduced heart rate variability (HRV), both of which have been linked to a poor prognosis. We have studied 43 asymptomatic NIDDM patients with MA and have matched them with 43 normoalbuminuric patients for age, gender, diabetes duration, and smoking status. AN was assessed by heart rate changes to deep breathing, Valsalva, and posture and blood pressure changes to posture and hand grip. Twenty-four hour Holter monitoring was used to evaluate HRV. Patients with MA showed evidence of AN and reduced HRV when compared with normoalbuminuric patients. In multivariate analysis, with measures of AN and HRV as outcome variables, Log albumin excretion rate was a significant independent predictor but stronger predictors were the presence of diabetic retinopathy, age, body mass index, claudication, alcohol consumption, and calcium channel blocker use. The presence of MA is linked to AN and reduced HRV in asymptomatic NIDDM patients. The nature of the relationship is complex, involving multiple relationships with other clinical parameters.
The level of autoantibodies against oxidized LDL is not associated with the presence of coronary heart disease or diabetic kidney disease in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Oxidation of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) may be an important factor in the development of diabetic macrovascular and renal complications. The level of autoantibodies against oxidized LDL (oxLDL-Ab) can be used as an index of LDL oxidation in vivo. The purpose of this study was to investigate the association between the level of oxLDL-Ab and the presence of coronary heart disease and renal dysfunction in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We determined the plasma levels of oxLDL-Ab in 46 NIDDM patients and 48 well matched nondiabetic control subjects. NIDDM patients had a moderately higher level of oxLDL-Ab than control subjects (0.083 +/- 0.051 vs. 0.062 +/- 0.045, p = 0.04). However, there was no difference in the level of oxLDL-Ab between subjects with and without coronary heart disease, and the level of oxLDL-Ab was not associated with indices of glomerular filtration rate or urinary albumin excretion.
Actions of the novel oral antidiabetic agent HQL-975 in insulin-resistant non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus model animals.; The hypoglycemic effects of a novel oral antidiabetic agent HQL-975, were studied in normal rats, streptozotocin-induced diabetic (STZD) rats and genetically insulin-resistant non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) model animals, KK-Ay mice and Zucker diabetic fatty (ZDF) rats. After the dietary administration of HQL-975 to KK-Ay mice, significant decreases in plasma glucose, insulin, triglyceride and non-esterified fatty acid levels were observed. The effective dosage of HQL-975 to decrease the plasma glucose level by 30% was 3.1 mg/kg per day. However, the plasma glucose level was not altered after the administration of HQL-975 in normal and STZD rats. The results suggest that HQL-975 is more effective against the abnormalities of glucose and lipid metabolism of insulin-resistant model animals than in that of normal and insulin-deficient diabetic animals. It is reported that ZDF rats indicate a severely diabetic state as a result of insulin resistance and further the presence of beta-cell insulin secretory defects. Here, HQL-975 (1-30 mg/kg per day for 7 days) was administered to ZDF rats; slight decreases in the plasma glucose (18%) and lipids (41%) levels were observed in the rats given 30 mg/kg. To clarify the action mechanism of HQL-975, we studied the effects of HQL-975 administration on the insulin action of target tissues in KK-Ay mice. After the dietary administration of HQL-975 (0.001, 0.003, 0.010% for 7 days) to KK-Ay mice, hepatic glycolytic and gluconeogenic key enzyme activities were measured. The glucose 6-phosphatase activity was decreased (20-40%) as compared with control. The results suggest that HQL-975 enhances the insulin action in hepatic enzyme regulation. To investigate the actions of HQL-975 in peripheral tissues such as muscle and adipose, an in vivo glucose uptake study using 3H-2-deoxyglucose was performed in KK-Ay mice treated with HQL-975 (0.010% for 7 days). The 2-deoxyglucose uptake of the basal state was not altered, but the insulin-stimulated 2-deoxyglucose uptake in muscle (41-191%) and adipose (46-88%) tissues was increased by the HQL-975 treatment as compared with control. These results suggest that HQL-975 also enhances the insulin action of peripheral tissues. Based on these findings, HQL-975 is expected to be useful for treatment of insulin-resistant patients with NIDDM.
Long-term effects of perindopril on metabolic parameters and the heart in the spontaneously hypertensive/NIH-corpulent rat with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and hypertension.; The spontaneously hypertensive/NIH-corpulent (SHR/N-cp) rat is a genetic model that exhibits both non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and hypertension. To determine the impact of long-term treatment with the long-acting angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor perindopril (PE) on the glucose metabolism, lipid levels, and heart in this model, studies were performed in three groups of SHR/N-cp rats maintained on a diet containing 54% carbohydrate with 18% sucrose and 36% starch. One group of obese rats received PE (0.5 to 1.0 mg/kg body weight/d) for 3 to 4 months, a second group of obese rats received no treatment, and a third group of lean rats were used as controls. The mean systolic blood pressure (SBP) increased gradually in both untreated obese and lean rats, with lean animals showing slightly higher levels compared with untreated obese rats. By contrast, SBP was reduced to normal levels in PE-treated obese rats throughout the treatment period. Compared with lean rats, obese rats showed significantly higher body weight and fasting serum levels of glucose, insulin, total cholesterol (TC), and triglyceride (TG). However, no significant differences were observed in these metabolic parameters between PE-treated and untreated obese rats. Plasma renin activity measured at the end of the treatment period was significantly higher in PE-treated rats compared with untreated obese and untreated lean rats. The mean heart weight and left ventricular weight, expressed in absolute terms or indexed to body weight, were significantly lower in PE-treated versus untreated obese and untreated lean rats. To further determine whether glucose metabolism is directly affected by PE treatment, in vitro glycogen synthesis was evaluated in isolated soleus muscles obtained from three additional groups of animals. The basal rate of muscle glycogen synthesis was significantly lower in obese compared with lean rats (P < .05), but did not differ between PE-treated and untreated obese rats. Maximal insulin-stimulated glycogen synthesis increased threefold in PE-treated obese rats, but this increase did not differ from the increases observed in untreated obese and lean rats. In conclusion, the present study shows that long-term PE treatment in obese SHR/N-cp rats with NIDDM and hypertension effectively controlled systemic arterial pressure and resulted in a significant reduction in left ventricular weight. However, these favorable effects of PE were not associated with significant improvement in glucose tolerance, hyperinsulinemia, and hyperlipidemia in this model. PE also had no direct stimulatory effects on either basal or insulin-mediated glycogen synthesis in the isolated soleus muscle of obese rats, perhaps because of the severe insulin-resistant state of the animals. Our results support the clinical observations that antihypertensive therapy with ACE inhibitors has neutral effects on glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity in patients with combined hypertension and NIDDM.
Evaluation of Jump Into Action: a program to reduce the risk of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in school children on the Texas-Mexico border.; Jump Into Action, a school-based non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) prevention program, encourages students to eat low-fat foods and exercise regularly to reduce their risks for developing NIDDM. A study was conducted in a school district with a predominately Hispanic enrollment to assess the effectiveness of Jump Into Action in improving fifth-graders' knowledge, self-efficacy, and behaviors regarding NIDDM prevention. Jump Into Action was found effective in increasing knowledge and self-efficacy regarding NIDDM prevention and improving dietary and exercise-related behaviors. These gains were sustained from posttest to follow-up four weeks later.
The association of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and cognitive function in an older cohort.; OBJECTIVE: In this study, we examined the association of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) with cognitive function in a population-based sample of older individuals., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Subjects were 1509 healthy, community-dwelling men and women aged 55 years and older who were participants in the Rancho Bernardo Study and attended clinic visits in 1984-87 and in 1988-91. An oral glucose tolerance test was administered during the 1984-87 visits. Based on World Health Organization criteria, participants were classified into those with NIDDM, IGT, or normal glucose tolerance. During the 1988-91 clinic visits, 12 tests of cognitive function were administered., RESULTS: Of the participants, 14.3% of the men and 9.9% of the women had NIDDM, and 21.0% of the men and 28.0% of the women had IGT. Multiple regression analysis was used to compare the cognitive function of individuals with NIDDM and IGT with individuals with normal glucose tolerance after adjustment for age, education, obesity, depression, blood pressure, and current estrogen use. In men, there were no statistically significant differences in any of the 12 cognitive function tests by glucose tolerance category. Compared with those with normal glucose tolerance, women with IGT had lower scores on almost every cognitive function test, whereas women with NIDDM had higher scores, but none of these differences were statistically significant after adjustment for multiple comparisons. Furthermore, observed differences by NIDDM or IGT status were small and accounted for < or = 0.6% of the explained variance in cognitive function., CONCLUSIONS: This study shows no strong or consistent association between IGT or mild diabetes with cognitive function in community-dwelling older adults.
Relationship between impaired glucose tolerance, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and obesity.; Plasma glucose concentration is the best predictor for the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). However, obesity is also a recognized risk factor for development of the disease, and is easier to track over time. Thus obesity could be of considerable clinical importance as a predictor of diabetes. Studies have shown that the degree of overweight, the change in weight and the duration of overweight are all separate predictors of diabetes. The British Regional Heart Study showed that an increasing body mass index (BMI) was associated with increased risk of developing diabetes, even at BMI values not considered obese. A separate study showed that weight gain increased the risk of diabetes independently of BMI, while weight loss decreased the risk. The duration of obesity was also an important factor in developing NIDDM. A long duration increased the risk of diabetes, irrespective of the final BMI value. The effects of obesity on insulin action have also been investigated. Studies have shown that insulin sensitivity is inversely related to insulin secretion, with a disproportionate increase in insulin secretion seen with decreasing sensitivity. A recent European study showed that the prevalence of both insulin hypersecretion and insulin resistance increased with increasing BMI. Thus, in obesity, higher insulin levels are necessary to maintain glucose tolerance, leading to increased stress on the beta-cells. In obese individuals, weight loss improved insulin sensitivity in proportion to the degree of weight loss, leading to decreased insulin secretion. Weight loss can therefore, at least in the short term, act to decrease the risk of developing diabetes by reducing insulin resistance, and thus relieving beta-cell stress, the factor ultimately responsible for hyperglycaemia in predisposed individuals.
Periodontal findings in elderly patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; The periodontal status of 25 patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) (age range 58 to 76) was investigated and compared with 40 non-diabetic control subjects (age range 59 to 77). Surfaces with visible plaque and bleeding after probing, calculus, recessions, and pathological pockets were examined. The total attachment loss was calculated as a sum of recessions and pockets in millimeters. Mesial and distal bone loss was measured from panoramic radiographs and mean alveolar bone loss was calculated. Periodontal disease was considered advanced when mean alveolar bone loss was over 50%, or 2 or more teeth had pockets > or = 6 mm. Microbiological analysis comprised the detection of Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans, Porphyromonas gingivalis, and Bacteroides forsythus by a polymerase chain reaction (PCR) method. Patients with NIDDM had significantly more often advanced periodontitis than control subjects, 40.0% and 12.5%, respectively. Diabetic patients did not harbor more pathogens than the control subjects. The HbA1C level deteriorated in patients with advanced periodontitis, but not in other patients with NIDDM, when compared to the situation 2 to 3 years earlier. Advanced periodontitis seems to be associated with the impairment of the metabolic control in patients with NIDDM, and a regular periodontal surveillance is therefore necessary.
Increased plasma metalloproteinase-9 concentrations precede development of microalbuminuria in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We determined plasma metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) concentrations in 30 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) at an initial examination (baseline) and on three separate occasions during a 48-month follow-up period. All patients had normal urinary albumin excretion (<20 microg/min) at the first three examinations. At the fourth examination (48 months after the first examination), 22 patients had normal urinary albumin excretion and eight had microalbuminuria (median, 36.4 microg/min; range, 20.2 to 46.6 microg/min). Compared with patients with normal urinary albumin excretion, patients with microalbuminuria had significantly higher plasma levels of MMP-9 at the second (56+/-14 microg/L v36+/-12 microg/L; P < 0.05), third (88+/-23 microg/L v 39+/-14 microg/L; P < 0.01), and fourth (117+/-30 microg/L v 44+/-16 microg/L; P < 0.01) examinations, but not at the first examination (34+/-12 microg/L v 33+/-14 microg/L; P=NS). An increase in plasma MMP-9 concentrations preceded the occurrence of microalbuminuria within 4 years. The groups did not differ with regard to age, sex, duration of NIDDM, blood pressure, or mean glycated hemoglobin. In addition, the eight patients with microalbuminuria were treated with an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (cilazapril; 0.5 mg once daily) for 6 months. Microalbuminuria was reduced to within the normal range, and plasma MMP-9 concentrations were significantly decreased with the cilazapril treatment (52+/-18 microg/L; P < 0.01). However, serum MMP-1 and tissue inhibitor of MMP-1 showed no change during the study period. These data suggest that plasma MMP-9 concentrations preceded and may predict the development of microalbuminuria in NIDDM.
Dietary protein restriction alters glucose but not protein metabolism in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We determined whether a customary diet high or low in protein (1) influences postabsorptive amino acid catabolism, nitrogen (N) balance, and hepatic glucose output (HGO) in normal subjects or patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or (2) alters blood glucose levels in NIDDM. Eight normal young adults and five obese middle-aged persons with NIDDM consumed low-protein (0.8 g/kg lean body mass [LBM]) or high-protein (3.0 g/kg LBM) diets at maintenance energy for consecutive 7-day periods. Fasting and average blood glucose and N balance were measured daily. The level of dietary protein had no effect on the basal plasma leucine rate of appearance (Ra) or urinary 3-methylhistidine excretion in either subject group. Basal leucine oxidation (and by inference, whole-body amino acid catabolism) was reduced on the low-protein diet but basal HGO was not, and although exogenous glucose effectively suppressed HGO, it did not reduce leucine oxidation with either diet. After adaptation to the low-protein diet, N balance in both the normal and NIDDM subjects was close to zero. The low-protein diet reduced the fasting and daily blood glucose of the diabetic subjects by approximately 2 mmol/L (P < .05). We conclude that physiologic variation in dietary protein does not affect basal whole-body protein turnover or HGO in either normal young adults or obese middle-aged NIDDM subjects. However, protein restriction to the level of the average daily requirement significantly reduces postabsorptive and average daily blood glucose concentrations in persons with NIDDM.
Specific and scavenger low-density lipoprotein receptors involved in the disturbed lipid metabolism of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus are independent of obesity.; Comparative studies were performed on monocyte-derived macrophages (MDMs), prepared by a 72-hour incubation of blood monocytes obtained from patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and age-matched obese and non-obese controls. The MDMs, after a 72-hour culturing, expressed both specific and scavenger low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptors on their surfaces. To study the binding capacity of both receptor types, [125I]LDL and [125I] acetylated LDL (acLDL) were applied to cells and the labeled ligands were then monitored to estimate the rate of intracellular degradations. The LDL-induced inhibition of endogenous cholesterol synthesis and the acLDL-triggered apolipoprotein (apo) E secretion were also studied, as the biological marker of receptor activation. The results indicate that the binding capacities of both specific and scavenger LDL receptors were not reduced in MDMs of diabetic patients. However, the intracellular degradation after LDL incorporation was decreased. The LDL-induced inhibition of cholesterol synthesis and the acLDL-transmitted apo E secretion were also found to be decreased in the MDMs of patients with NIDDM as compared with the obese and non-obese control groups. The NIDDM-induced impaired signal transduction of both specific and scavenger LDL receptors suggests an unclarified functional alteration of both receptor structures.
The belief in conventional medicine and adherence to treatment in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.; We investigated the role of belief in conventional medicine, the type of medical care, and familiar and socioeconomic factors on the adherence to treatment in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. In a cross-sectional design, we selected 156 patients from two institutions, who agreed to fill out a questionnaire, which included general data, socioeconomic level, somatometric data, type of medical care, complications, if they had friends and relatives with diabetes, the family function, and a score on the belief in conventional medicine. Factors associated with adherence to diet and medication were analyzed. Patients had a mean age of 55.6 years and 8.9 years since diagnosis. A total of 51.3% of them were not covered by social security, and 62.8% received attention by a general physician. Patients under the care of a specialist had better adherence to diet and medication, and better belief in conventional medicine. The principal factor associated with adherence to medication and diet was the belief in conventional medicine (p < 0.001 in both). Adherence to diet was also associated with the socioeconomic level (p=0.001) and years since diagnosis (p=0.004). Adherence to medication was also associated with schooling (p=0.001). We concluded that belief in conventional medicine is strongly associated with adherence to treatment and other factors such as schooling, socioeconomic level, and medical care under a specialist; adherence to diet was better in patients with more years since diagnosis.
Flexible dose open trial of Vijayasar in cases of newly-diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), Collaborating Centres, New Delhi.; A flexible dose open trial was undertaken in four centres in India to evaluate the efficacy of an Ayurvedic drug Vijayasar (Pterocarpus marsupium) in the treatment of newly-diagnosed or untreated non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). By 12 wk, control of blood glucose (both fasting and postprandial levels) had been attained in 67 (69%) of 97 patients studied, and the dose on which control was attained was 2 g of the extract in about 73 per cent of the patients, 3 g in about 16 per cent and 4 g in 10 per cent of the patients. Four patients had to be withdrawn from treatment due to excessively high postprandial blood glucose levels. Among the 93 patients who completed 12 wk of treatment, both the fasting and postprandial blood glucose levels fell significantly (P < 0.001), by 32 and 45 mg/dl at 12 wk from the initial means of 151 and 216 mg/dl respectively. Mean HbA1c decreased significantly (P < 0.001) to 9.4 per cent at 12 wk from the initial mean of 9.8 per cent. No significant change was observed in the mean levels of lipids. Other laboratory parameters remained stable during the designated treatment period of 12 wk. Also, no side-effects were reported. Hence, it is concluded that Vijayasar is useful in the treatment of newly diagnosed or untreated mild NIDDM patients.
Angiotensin I-converting enzyme gene polymorphisms: relationship to nephropathy in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Nephropathy is a frequent complication of long-term diabetes. Strong evidence exists that genetic predisposition plays a major role in the development of diabetic nephropathy. The role of the angiotensin I-converting enzyme gene (ACE) in the susceptibility to nephropathy in diabetes, especially in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), remains unclear. This study examines the association of two ACE polymorphisms: a 287-bp insertion/deletion (I/D) in intron 16 and PstI (A/G substitution in intron 7; alleles P/M) with renal complications in 941 NIDDM patients. From this group, for further analysis 127 patients were selected with overt proteinuria or chronic renal failure, 335 patients with microalbuminuria, and a control group of 254 normoalbuminuric patients with a diabetes duration of at least 10 yr. No significant differences in the distribution of ACE I/D and PstI genotypes or allele frequencies were observed between the examined groups. The results of this study strongly suggest that there is no association between the ACE gene I/D and PstI polymorphisms and nephropathy in NIDDM.
Serum paraoxonase (PON1) 55 and 192 polymorphism and paraoxonase activity and concentration in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Human serum paraoxonase (PON1) is located on high density lipoprotein and has been implicated in the detoxification of organophosphates and possibly in the prevention of low density lipoprotein lipid peroxidation. PON1 has two genetic polymorphisms both due to amino acid substitution, one involving glutamine (A genotype) and arginine (B genotype) at position 192 and the other leucine (L genotype) and methionine (M genotype) at position 55. We investigated the effect of these polymorphisms on serum PON1 activity and concentration in 252 non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) individuals and 282 non-diabetic controls. Serum PON1 activity in the controls (214.6 nmol/min per ml (26.3-620.8)) was significantly higher than in NIDDM (158.7 nmol/min per ml (3.6-550.5) (P < 0.001) as was serum PON1 concentration (89.1 microg/ml (16.8-527.4)) compared to 76.7 microg/ml (3.6-443.8) (P < 0.01). In the control population MM homozygotes had significantly lower serum PON1 activity regardless of the 192 polymorphism whereas in NIDDM both LM and MM genotypes had lower serum PON1 activity than LL homozygotes only when the 192 AA genotype was present. Serum PON1 concentration was lower in NIDDM with AA/LM, AA/LL, AB/LL and AB/MM genotypes than in controls. Differences in PON1 activity were the major cause of differences in specific activity between genotypes. Neither the PON1 55 or 192 polymorphisms consistently influenced the serum lipid or lipoprotein concentrations in either population. Low serum PON1 activity in NIDDM may be related to an increased tendency to lipid peroxidation and may also increase susceptibility to toxicity from organophosphate exposure. Our findings thus raise the possibility that PON1 may be of importance in both the genetic and acquired predisposition to premature atherosclerosis and neuropathy in diabetes.
Fasting and post-methionine load homocyst(e)ine values are correlated with microalbuminuria and could contribute to worsening vascular damage in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.; The study aim was to assess the relationship between homocyst(e)inemia and microalbuminuria in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. The study was performed on 33 NIDDM patients (16 males and 17 females), and 16 healthy control subjects (seven males and nine females). Plasma fasting and post-methionine load homocyst(e)ine (tHcy), together with other parameters that could modify tHcy levels, were assessed. There were no significant differences between NIDDM patients and controls for fasting tHcy (8.12 +/- 3.17 v 7.19 +/- 2.40 micromol/L) and post-methionine load tHcy (26.51 +/- 11.50 v 25.06 +/- 10.76 micromol/L). Moreover, there was a significant correlation between urinary albumin excretion (UAE) and fasting tHcy (r = .340, P = .05) and post-methionine load tHcy (r = .502, P = .004) in NIDDM patients. Fasting tHcy was correlated both with post-methionine load tHcy (r = .429, P = .01) and with vitamin B12 (r = -.349, P = .04) in NIDDM patients. Microalbuminuric NIDDM patients had higher fasting tHcy (9.05 +/- 3.83 micromol/L) than normoalbuminurics (7.12 +/- 1.95 micromol/L). In addition, NIDDM patients with complications presented higher fasting tHcy values than the group without complications (9.61 +/- 3.34 v 6.53 +/- 2.09 micromol/L, Kolmogorov-Smirnov two-sample test for nonparametric data [KS] = 1.794, P = .003), without any other significant differences in the parameters considered. tHcy could be an important risk factor worsening the prognosis in NIDDM patients, especially microalbuminuric patients. Microalbuminuric NIDDM patients could be particularly prone to hyperhomocyst(e)inemia, probably due to endothelial or renal dysfunction with a reduction in the scavenging of tHcy.
A large sample of finnish diabetic sib-pairs reveals no evidence for a non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus susceptibility locus at 2qter.; In the first reported positive result from a genome scan for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), Hanis et al. found significant evidence of linkage for NIDDM on chromosome 2q37 and named the putative disease locus NIDDM1 (Hanis et al. 1996. Nat. Genet. 13:161-166). Their total sample was comprised of 440 Mexican-American affected sib-pairs from 246 sibships. The strongest evidence for linkage was at marker D2S125 and best estimates of lambdas (risk to siblings of probands/population prevalence) using this marker were 1.37 under an additive model and 1.36 under a multiplicative model. We examined this chromosomal region using linkage analysis in a Finnish sample comprised of 709 affected sib-pairs from 472 sibships. We excluded this region in our sample (multipoint logarithm of odds score /= 1.37. We discuss possible reasons why linkage to 2q37 was not found and conclude that this region is unlikely to be playing a major role in NIDDM susceptibility in the Finnish Caucasian population.
The association of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with perceived quality of life in a biethnic population: the San Luis Valley Diabetes Study.; OBJECTIVES: This study evaluated the association between quality of life and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) status, and whether this association differs between Hispanics and non-Hispanic Whites., METHODS: Between 1986 and 1989, cross-sectional data on perceived quality of life (PQOL) were collected from 223 persons with NIDDM and 753 non-diabetic subjects., RESULTS: After adjustment, persons with NIDDM rated their PQOL significantly lower than did control subjects. The relationship of diabetes and PQOL did not differ by ethnicity. The number of complications of diabetes was not associated with lower PQOL scores., CONCLUSIONS: Control and treatment strategies should reflect an understanding of the impact that diabetes has on social functioning, leisure activities, and physical and mental health.
Plasma and erythrocyte magnesium levels are correlated with oxygen uptake in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; The relationship between magnesium levels and oxygen uptake in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) without apparent visceral dysfunction was studied. Magnesium levels in plasma, erythrocytes and urine as well as oxygen uptake parameters were determined in NIDDM patients and controls. Oxygen uptake parameters were measured with an exercise ergometer and expired gas analysis according to Wasserman et al. Low oxygen uptake in NIDDM patients was correlated significantly with plasma and erythrocyte magnesium levels, but not with urinary magnesium excretion. In NIDDM patients, higher correlation coefficients were seen between oxygen uptake parameters at peak in men and at the anaerobic threshold in women and plasma or erythrocyte magnesium levels. These results confirm previous results indicating that plasma and erythrocyte magnesium levels in NIDDM patient are decreased, and further demonstrate that the decreased magnesium levels are positively correlated with oxygen uptake. Although the mechanism remains to be established, it is possible that the magnesium deficiency in NIDDM patients due to environmental or genetic factors may result in low oxygen uptake and decreased work capacity.
Plasma adrenomedullin levels in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus: close relationships with diabetic complications.; The present study was undertaken to determine plasma adrenomedullin levels in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) to elucidate the potential involvement in the pathogenesis of diabetic complications. The patients were 24 males and 21 females with ages of 55 +/- 2.1 years (mean +/- SEM). Plasma adrenomedullin levels were 5.94 +/- 0.44 pmol/l in patients with NIDDM, and were not affected by plasma glucose concentration. The plasma adrenomedullin increased dependent on the severity of diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy. Plasma levels of adrenomedullin positively correlated with various parameters, including serum creatinine levels, urinary excretion of protein, and systolic blood pressure. In contrast, there were negative correlations between the coefficient variation (CV) of RR intervals and plasma adrenomedullin, and between the conduction velocity of ulnar nerves and plasma adrenomedullin levels. These results indicate that the increase in plasma adrenomedullin was closely related to diabetic complications, which may be dependent on the development of microangiopathy.
Genetic studies of polymorphisms in ten non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus candidate genes in Tamil Indians from Pondichery.; We report a study of 10 candidate genes presumably involved in diabetes or insulin resistance or obesity among Pondicherian Tamil Indians, an isolated population with a high prevalence of diabetes. Forty-nine families with at least two affected patients in the sibship (567 individuals) were selected and tested by PCR-RFLP techniques for reported mutations in 10 diabetes or obesity candidate genes: glucagon receptor, insulin receptor substrate 1, insulin receptor, human beta 3 adrenergic receptor, fatty acid binding protein 2, mitochondrial tRNA(Leu(UUR)), sulphonylurea receptor, human uncoupling protein and the glycogen-associated regulatory subunit of protein phosphatase-1. Glucokinase gene was also screened for mutations. No mutations were found in glucokinase, glucagon receptor and mitochondrial genes in any of the 49 probands. Frequencies of polymorphisms at other loci were similar to those reported in Caucasian populations, except for 4 of the loci at which a higher frequency of variants was observed: human beta 3 adrenergic receptor, human uncoupling type 1 protein, fatty acid binding protein 2 and the glycogen-associated regulatory subunit of protein phosphatase-1. However, no evidence of association between any of these gene variants and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or quantitative traits related to NIDDM (including body mass index, waist/hip ratio, insulinaemia, glycaemia, triglycerides and total cholesterol) was found in our sample. These results suggest that none of these gene variants commonly found in the Pondicherian Tamil population of South India is a major NIDDM predisposing locus, although it cannot be excluded that they may contribute to the polygenic background of the metabolic syndrome in Pondichery.
Short-term variability and sampling distribution of various parameters of urinary albumin excretion in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We determined the degree of variability and sampling distribution of several commonly used parameters of microalbuminuria in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and proposed a sampling strategy for estimating the level of albuminuria. Four patients with NIDDM with previously documented microalbuminuria collected 30 consecutive split (overnight and daytime) 24-hour urine samples (experiment A). These samples were analyzed for total 24-hour albumin excretion; daytime, overnight, and 24-hour albumin concentration; and daytime, overnight, and 24-hour albumin-to-creatinine ratio. In a second experiment (B), 10 patients collected 10 consecutive overnight urine samples. Finally, a total of 300 separate triplicate urine samples were analyzed for the variability of 24-hour albumin excretion (100 samples) and albumin-to-creatinine ratios in 24-hour urine (100 samples) and overnight urine (100 samples). We found that the sampling distribution shape of all parameters of albuminuria is positively skewed, without consistent evidence of log-normality. When two methods were used for quantifying day-to-day variability (the interquartile range/median ratio and the chance of a single measurement being >50% off the actual value of albuminuria), the overnight albumin-to-creatinine ratio is the least-variable parameter of albuminuria, scoring 0.38% and 10% on both methods, respectively, in experiment A. Collecting multiple samples of overnight urine improves accuracy. The largest gain in precision in estimating the actual value of albuminuria is obtained for sample sizes of three and five and does not increase with nonconsecutive sampling of urine. Based on the combined data from experiments A and B, the expected mean deviation of the median of three and five overnight samples from the actual level of the overnight albumin-creatinine ratio is 17.9% and 12.1%, respectively. An analysis of variability in three sets of 100 triplicate 24-hour urine samples shows that the overnight albumin-to-creatinine ratio is a significantly more-constant parameter of microalbuminuria than the amount of albumin excreted in 24 hours or the albumin-to-creatinine ratio in 24-hour urine (p < 0.05). We concluded that the parameters of diabetic albuminuria have positively skewed, non-log-normal sampling distributions. The overnight albumin-to-creatinine ratio is the least-variable parameter of microalbuminuria. We recommend collecting three consecutive early morning urine samples, using the median value of the albumin-to-creatinine ratio in these samples for quantifying albuminuria.
Changing prevalence of retinopathy in newly diagnosed non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus patients in Hong Kong.; In this retrospective study, the prevalence of chronic microangiopathic complications was determined in 474 Chinese patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) who presented within 1 year of diagnosis to the diabetes clinic from January 1990 to December 1996. Mean age (+/- S.E.) was 53.6 (+/- 0.6) years. The overall prevalence of retinopathy was 21.9%. A significant increase was observed from 1990 to 1994 (P < 0.005), with the prevalence being 14.8, 13.0, 24.5, 32.3 and 35.4%, respectively, in consecutive years. A decreasing prevalence was seen from 1994 to 1996 (P < 0.001), being 8.2 and 7.4% in 1995 and 1996, respectively. A total of 95% of patients had nonproliferative retinopathy--proliferative retinopathy was found in 5% only. The overall prevalence of clinical nephropathy (proteinuria > 0.5 g/day) was 3.7%. Clinical neuropathy (increased vibration perception threshold) was found in 12.8% of patients. Patients with retinopathy and neuropathy were older (P < 0.0001 and P < 0.005, respectively) than those without the complications and systolic hypertension was more prevalent in patients with retinopathy (P < 0.05). In conclusion, a high prevalence of diabetic microangiopathic complications, especially of retinopathy, is present in newly diagnosed NIDDM patients in our population. It remains to be determined whether the changing prevalence of retinopathy at diagnosis bears any relationship to the increasing public awareness of diabetes and its complications in Hong Kong in recent years. Examination for chronic microangiopathic complications should be carried out in all newly diagnosed NIDDM patients.
Influence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus on plasma endothelin-1 levels in patients with advanced atherosclerosis.; Endothelin-1 (ET-1) is an endothelium-derived vasoactive peptide with mitogen properties. Increased circulating ET-1 levels were found in patients with atherosclerosis as well as in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) suggesting a role in the pathogenesis of these disorders. The aim of the present study was to ascertain the influence of the NIDDM on plasma ET-1 levels in patients with advanced atherosclerotic lesions. The circulating ET-1 levels were measured in 16 NIDDM patients (68.4 +/- 8.4 years) with macroangiopathy and in ten patients (65.3 +/- 11 years) with atherosclerosis without NIDDM. Twenty-two healthy subjects (43.1 +/- 18.3 years) served as controls. Circulating ET-1 levels were higher in NIDDM patients (6.8 +/- 2.8 pg/mL) than both controls (3.1 +/- 1 pg/mL; p < 0.001) and patients with vascular disease but without NIDDM (4.7 +/- 1.6 pg/mL; p < 0.04). No significant relationship was found between age and ET-1 concentrations, and no differences were noted between men and women in the control group. This study demonstrated that circulating ET-1 levels are increased in patients with atherosclerosis and that those with NIDDM showed the highest ET-1 levels. These observations strongly support a role for ET-1 in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis and also suggest that this peptide may be involved in the development of atherosclerotic lesions in the NIDDM. We speculated that chronic exposure to hyperinsulinemia and hypertriglyceridemia in the diabetic patients could account for the increased ET-1 levels found in these patients.
[Positional cloning of susceptibility genes for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].; Although studies of families and twin studies have demonstrated that non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has a strong genetic component, the genes responsible for the common forms of NIDDM are largely unknown, due to the complex and heterogeneous nature of the disease. To study the genetics of NIDDM, we used an inbred animal model of NIDDM, the NSY mouse, in which NIDDM spontaneously develops in an age-dependent manner. The inheritance pattern of glucose tolerance, fasting insulin levels, insulin response to glucose, body mass index, and epididymal fat pad weight in F 1 hybrids of NSY with control C3H/He mice suggested the different modes of inheritance in these phenotypes. Multipoint linkage analysis of glucose tolerance in F2 mice with microsatellite markers throughout the genome mapped at least three loci on different chromosomes. Positional cloning of susceptibility genes for NIDDM in NSY mice may increase our understanding of the genetics and etiology of human NIDDM and may lead to more effective methods for prevention and intervention.
Nongenetic mouse models of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The purpose of the study was to develop a mouse model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) that closely simulates the metabolic abnormalities of the human disease and is also cost-effective compared with the genetic models currently available. For this purpose, insulin resistance was induced in male C57BL/6J or Institute of Cancer Research (ICR) mice by feeding diets enriched in either fructose or fat, and hyperglycemia was induced by injecting these mice with a dose of streptozotocin (STZ) that does not cause diabetes in chow-fed mice. In the case of C57BL/6J mice, insulin levels initially increased in response to the fructose- and fat-enriched diets and then decreased to levels comparable to or still higher than those in chow-fed mice following STZ injection. Associated with the decrease in insulin levels following STZ, fat-fed and fructose-fed C57BL/6J mice became significantly hyperglycemic, reaching values of 388 +/- 38 and 366 +/- 58 mg/dL, respectively. In contrast, neither plasma glucose nor insulin concentrations changed in chow-fed mice injected with an identical amount of STZ. Essentially identical findings were seen before and after STZ injection in fat-fed compared with chow-fed ICR mice. Although a direct comparison was not made, sensitivity to the diabetogenic effects of STZ appeared to be greater in fat-fed ICR compared with fat-fed C57BL/6J mice. Finally, plasma glucose decreased when mice with these experimental models of NIDDM were treated with either metformin or tolbutamide. Given these results, it seems reasonable to suggest that the combination of dietary-induced insulin resistance and relatively low-dose STZ results in mouse models that should be of use in studying the pathophysiology of NIDDM or in evaluating therapeutic compounds for the treatment of NIDDM.
Risk factor clustering in patients with hypertension and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. The Skaraborg Hypertension Project.; OBJECTIVES: To assess the coexistence of hypertension and diabetes, associations with cardiovascular risk factors and the achievement of current treatment goals., DESIGN: A community-based, cross-sectional, observational study., SETTING: Hypertension and diabetes outpatient clinics in primary health care, Skara, Sweden., SUBJECTS: All patients (n = 1116; 488 men, 628 women) who performed an annual follow-up from May 1992 to September 1993., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Hypertension, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), blood pressure, fasting B-glucose, lipids, HbAlc, body mass index (BMI), waist hip ratio (WHR)., RESULTS: Hypertension alone was found in 286 men and 430 women, hypertension and NIDDM combined in 102 men and 102 women, and NIDDM alone in 100 men and 96 women. Taking new cases into account, the proportion of hypertension among NIDDM patients was 57%, and the proportion of NIDDM among hypertensives was 26%. Men and women with both hypertension and NIDDM had a higher systolic blood pressure and women also had a higher diastolic blood pressure (men 168/88 mmHg, women 165/86 mmHg) than those with hypertension alone (men 152/87 mmHg, women 156/82 mmHg) (P < or = 0.001). Cardiovascular risk factors accumulated in patients with both hypertension and NIDDM (triglycerides, BMI and WHR). A diastolic blood pressure < or = 90 mmHg was achieved by 71% men and 84% women with hypertension. HbAlc < 7.5% was attained by 71% men and 70% women with NIDDM., CONCLUSIONS: A considerable coexistence of hypertension and NIDDM was demonstrated. Cardiovascular risk factors clustered in patients with both diseases and their blood pressure was less controlled. These patients thus comprised a clinically defined group at high risk. By current guidelines, control of hypertension and NIDDM seemed appropriate.
Plasma amylin immunoreactivity and insulin resistance in insulin resistant relatives of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To explore the potential relationship between concentrations of circulating amylin and the insulin resistance observed in first-degree relatives of patients with non-insulin-dependent-diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we studied 40 relatives compared to 35 matched controls. Two newly developed immunoassays that measure either non-glycosylated or total amylin were applied. All subjects were examined by an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and by a hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp (insulin infusion: 0.6 mU/kg/min). Glucose tolerance was normal in all, but insulin-stimulated glucose uptake (Rd) was diminished in the relatives (p < 0.001). Area under the curves (AUCs) during OGTT for plasma glucose (p < 0.01) and serum insulin (p=0.08), but not for plasma total and non-glycosylated amylin, were higher in relatives versus controls. In both groups, inverse correlations were found between Rd and AUC for plasma total and non-glycosylated amylin (p [all]<0.05). However, in multiple linear regression analyses, plasma total and non-glycosylated amylin failed to influence Rd independent of serum insulin and family history-of NIDDM. In conclusion, this study demonstrated inverse correlations between Rd and circulating concentrations of plasma total and non-glycosylated amylin in relatives and matched controls. These data, however, do not support the hypothesis that physiological amylin concentration are a major importance for the insulin resistance in relatives of NIDDM patients.
Serum lipoprotein(a) and cardiovascular disease in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To examine whether lp(a) can explain a) the increased cardiovascular morbidity in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and b) the wide variation in the tendency for such complications to develop in the patients., DESIGN: Cross-sectional study., SETTING: General practice in a local community in Norway., SUBJECTS: One hundred and thirty NIDDM patients and a reference group drawn from a twin study., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Lp(a), self-reported cardiovascular disease, urinary albumin excretion., RESULTS: The level of lp(a) was equally distributed in our NIDDM population and a reference group. We found no association between lp(a) and self-reported cardiovascular disease and urinary albumin excretion (UAE)., CONCLUSION: Lp(a) cannot explain the increased risk for cardiovascular disease in NIDDM patients, nor can it explain the variation in the tendency for such complications to develop.
Serum paraoxonase activity and its relationship to diabetic complications in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Paraoxonase (PON) is an esterase associated with high-density lipoprotein (HDL). Serum PON activity is affected by PON gene polymorphism (L/M, Leu-Met54, and Q/R, Gln-Arg191). We investigated PON activity and polymorphism in 108 patients (53 men and 55 women) with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 161 control subjects (82 men and 79 women) matched to the patients by age and gender. Serum PON activity was determined using paraoxon as a substrate. PON gene polymorphisms were detected by the restriction fragment length polymorphism method after a polymerase chain reaction. The mean PON activity in the patients was significantly lower than in the controls (116+/-55 and 162+/-57 U/L, respectively, P < .001). The distribution of each genotype showed no difference between the patient and control groups, and PON activity increased in the order of the QQ < OR < RR genotype and MM < LM < LL genotype in both groups. However, among each genotype subgroup, the activity was lower in patients than in controls. Forty-one patients with retinopathy had lower PON activity than those without the complication (94+/-36 and 129+/-61 U/L, respectively, P < .002). There was also a significant difference in PON activity between patients with and without overt proteinuria (93+/-38 and 122+/-58 U/L, respectively, P < .05). Logistic analysis showed that serum PON activity was one of the significant factors for retinopathy. These results suggest that decreased PON activity in patients with NIDDM is involved in diabetic vascular complications.
Glucosamine infusion in rats mimics the beta-cell dysfunction of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Sustained hyperglycemia can cause peripheral insulin resistance and pancreatic beta-cell dysfunction and has been termed glucose toxicity or glucose-induced desensitization. Glucosamine, a product of glucose flux through the hexosamine biosynthetic pathway (HBP), causes insulin resistance in peripheral tissues and has been shown to cause abnormal glucose-insulin secretion coupling, and thus has been implicated in the pathogenesis of glucose toxicity. Here, we investigate whether glucosamine-induced insulin secretory dysfunction is specific to glucose or also extends to nonglucose secretagogues such as arginine. Two groups of 12 weight-matched Sprague-Dawley rats underwent hyperglycemic clamp studies (steady-state blood glucose, approximately 220 mg x dL(-1)) during infusion of normal saline or glucosamine 3.5 mg x kg(-1) x min(-1) over a 100-minute period. Insulin levels were measured at baseline and between 90 and 100 minutes. One hundred minutes into the hyperglycemic clamp, subgroups of seven rats each (saline- and glucosamine-infused rats) received a bolus of arginine (100 mg x kg(-1)) while the glucose infusion rate was unaltered. Glucose and insulin levels were measured at 1, 3, 5, 10, 15, and 30 minutes after the arginine bolus. Both groups had similar fasting glucose and insulin levels. At steady state (60 to 100 minutes), glucose levels were almost identical in both groups (223.58+/-3.94 v 224.58+/-4.34 mg x dL(-1)), but the glucose infusion rate (26.55+/-1.60 v 8.83+/-1.35 mg x kg(-1) x min(-1), P < .0001) and insulin level (41.36+/-6.47 v 18.04+/-2.95 mU x mL(-1), P < .0001) were markedly reduced in animals receiving glucosamine. Peak insulin levels 1 minute after the arginine bolus were lower in rats infused with glucosamine versus saline (274.00+/-30.38 v 176.25+/-20.12 microU x ml(-1), P=.0319). Total insulin secretion in response to arginine was significantly lower in the glucosamine group as determined by the area under the curve (1,268.09+/-142.27 v 706.77+/-84.79 microU x mL(-1) x min, P=.0054). In conclusion, glucosamine causes severe impairment in glucose-induced insulin secretion. Further, glucosamine-induced beta-cell secretory dysfunction extends to nonglycemic stimuli like arginine. This pattern of insulin secretory dysfunction is similar to that observed in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). These data suggest that glucosamine may participate in the pathogenesis of glucose toxicity at the level of the beta cell in NIDDM patients.
Genetic dissection of "OLETF", a rat model for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To elucidate the genetic factors underlying non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we performed genome-wide quantitative trait locus (QTL) analysis, using the Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rat. The OLETF rat is an excellent animal model of NIDDM because the features of the disease closely resemble human NIDDM. Genetic dissection with two kinds of F2 intercross progeny, from matings between the OLETF rat and non-diabetic control rats F344 or BN, allowed us to identify on Chromosome (Chr) 1 a major QTL associated with features of NIDDM that was common to both crosses. We also mapped two additional significant loci, on Chrs 7 and 14, in the (OLETF x F344)F2 cross alone, and designated these three loci as Diabetes mellitus, OLETF type Dmo 1, Dmo2 and Dmo3 respectively. With regard to suggestive QTLs, we found loci on Chrs 10, 11, and 16 that were common to both crosses, as well as loci on Chrs 5 and 12 in the (OLETF x F344)F2 cross and on Chrs 4 and 13 in the (OLETF x BN)F2 cross. Our results showed that NIDDM in the OLETF rat is polygenic and demonstrated that different genetic backgrounds could affect "fitness" for QTLs and produce different phenotypic effects from the same locus.
[Low birth weight is associated with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in discordant monozygotic and dizygotic twins].; Previous studies have demonstrated an association between low weight at birth and risk of later development of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It is unknown whether this association may be due to an impact of intrauterine malnutrition per se, or whether it may be due to a coincidence between the putative "NIDDM susceptibility genotype" and a genetically determined low weight at birth. We traced original midwife birthweight record determinations in a group of monozygotic (n = 14 pairs) and dizygotic (n = 14 pairs) twins who phenotypically appeared discordant for NIDDM at a mean age of 67 and 64 years respectively. Birthweights were lower in the NIDDM twins compared with both their identical and non-identical non-diabetic co-twins respectively (p < 0.02 both). Using a similar approach in twin pairs discordant for impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) per se, no significantly decreased birthweight was detected in the IGT twins compared with their non-diabetic co-twins. However, when a larger group of twins with different glucose tolerances were considered, birthweights were lower in twins with abnormal glucose tolerance including both NIDDM and IGT. Furthermore, the twins with the lowest birthweights among the two co-twins had the highest plasma glucose concentrations 120 min after the 75 g oral glucose load (n = 86 pairs, p = 0.02). The study supports the hypothesis that low birthweight and a non-genetically determined intrauterine component such af malnutrition may play a role for the development of NIDDM in twins.
[Is low birth weight a risk factor for development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus?].; Different lines of evidence indicate that low birth weight and insufficient intrauterine nutrition may represent significant risk factors for the development of late onset non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The evidence includes epidemiological studies, animal studies and metabolic studies of non-diabetic subjects with low birth weight. Insufficient intrauterine nutrition may induce a variety of abnormalities of metabolism in different tissues including muscle, liver, pancreas and adipose tissue; which can all in turn be related to known defects of glucose metabolism involved in the development of hyperglycaemia in NIDDM. Future studies should address the important question as to which roles genetics versus intrauterine and postnatal factors play in the etiology of late onset NIDDM in the general population. This may have important implications for which initiatives that should be applied to prevent NIDDM.
Laron dwarfism and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the Hnf-1alpha knockout mouse.; Mice deficient in hepatocyte nuclear factor 1 alpha (HNF-1alpha) were produced by use of the Cre-loxP recombination system. HNF-1alpha-null mice are viable but sterile and exhibit a phenotype reminiscent of both Laron-type dwarfism and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). In contrast to an earlier HNF-1alpha-null mouse line that had been produced by use of standard gene disruption methodology (M. Pontoglio, J. Barra, M. Hadchouel, A. Doyen, C. Kress, J. P. Bach, C. Babinet, and M. Yaniv, Cell 84:575-585, 1996), these mice exhibited no increased mortality and only minimal renal dysfunction during the first 6 months of development. Both dwarfism and NIDDM are most likely due to the loss of expression of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and lower levels of insulin, resulting in stunted growth and elevated serum glucose levels, respectively. These results confirm the functional significance of the HNF-1alpha regulatory elements that had previously been shown to reside in the promoter regions of both the IGF-I and the insulin genes.
[The significance of determination of urinary type IV collagen concentrations from a random urine collection in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; Recently, we have developed a highly sensitive assay system for quantitative measurement of urinary type IV collagen. To obtain a basic evaluation of the assay system we used urine specimens, collected randomly and studied the relation to diabetic nephropathy in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It was shown that this assay system could measure the samples without concentrating the urine. Urinary sediments which were reported to interfere with the assay could be removed by adding Tris-buffer. In the clinical studies, urinary type IV collagen concentrations were significantly higher in patients with NIDDM regardless of the presence or the absence of albumin. Cases with abnormal values of urinary type IV collagen in the normal albuminuria group were 41.6%, while those with abnormal values of urinary transferrin excretion were 31.0%. Furthermore, among the normal albuminuria group, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels were higher in the groups of abnormal values of urinary type IV collagen than those within the reference values. These results obtained herein suggest that urinary type IV collagen could be a useful marker for the early stage of diabetic nephropathy.
[Antihypertensive therapy with doxazosin in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].; AIM: Assessment of the antihypertensive effect of doxazosin, alpha-1 blocker, as well as its action on lipid and carbohydrate metabolism, microcirculation and platelet function in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Doxazosin (tonocardin) treatment was given for 11 weeks to 33 NIDDM patients with concomitant hypertension. The clinical examination comprised evaluation of central hemodynamics, vessels of the fundus of eye, lipid and carbohydrate metabolism, renal function, platelet aggregation., RESULTS: Tonocardin produced a fall in the systolic blood pressure (BP) by 14%, in the diastolic BP--by 17%. The 24-h profile of BP, lipid and purine metabolism, microcirculation of the vessels of the fundus of eye also improved. Total peripheral vascular resistance, left ventricular myocardial mass and platelet aggregation. Carbohydrate metabolism remained unchanged., CONCLUSION: Monotherapy with tonocardin (2-8 mg/day) is effective and safe in the treatment of arterial hypertension in NIDDM patients.
The significance of the Trp 64 Arg mutation of the beta3-adrenergic receptor gene in impaired glucose tolerance, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and insulin resistance in Japanese subjects.; It has been reported that the Trp 64 Arg mutation of the human beta3-adrenergic receptor (beta3-AR) gene is related to an earlier age of onset of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and features of insulin resistance and weight gain in morbidly obese patients. However, such findings have not been consistent in varying ethnic populations. In the present study, we investigated the frequency of the Trp 64 Arg mutation of the human beta3-AR gene in Japanese control subjects (n = 253) and in NIDDM (n = 314) and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) patients (n = 100). We compared the frequency of the mutation with the body-mass index (BMI) in these groups and with the metabolic clearance rate (MCR) of glucose in the NIDDM patients. A Trp 64 Arg mutation was observed in 36.7%, 31.6%, and 37.0% of the control, NIDDM, and IGT subjects, respectively. The frequency of the homozygotes for the mutation was 4.3%, 4.8%, and 3.0%, respectively. Neither the genotype frequency (Trp/Arg, Arg/Arg) nor the frequency of the mutated allele was significantly different among the three groups. The BMI of the subjects with the mutation was not significantly higher than that of the subjects without the mutation in each group. Furthermore, the allele frequency (A) was not different among the subjects with different BMIs (BMI < 22.0, 22.0 < or = BMI  26.4) in each group. In a separate group of NIDDM patients, the MCR of the subjects with intermediate BMIs (22.0 < or = BMI < or = 26.4) with the mutation tended to be lower than that of those without the mutation. In addition, the MCR of the subjects with the mutation in this group was significantly lower compared with that of those with a BMI less than 22. These results indicate that the Trp 64 Arg mutation of the beta3-AR gene may not contribute to the development of NIDDM or be a determinant of obesity in the Japanese population. However, the mutation may contribute to insulin resistance in NIDDM patients with an intermediate BMI.
Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and alveolar bone loss progression over 2 years.; This study tested the hypothesis that persons with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) have greater risk of more severe alveolar bone loss progression over a 2-year period than those without NIDDM. Data from the longitudinal study of the oral health of residents of the Gila River Indian Community were analyzed for 362 subjects, aged 15 to 57, 338 of whom had less than 25% radiographic bone loss at baseline, and who did not develop NIDDM nor lose any teeth during the 2-year study period. The other 24 subjects had NIDDM at baseline, but met the other selection criteria. Bone scores (scale 0-4) from panoramic radiographs corresponded to bone loss of 0%, 1%-24%, 25%-49%, 50%-74%, or 75% and greater. Change in bone score category was computed as the change in worst bone score (WBS) reading after 2 years. Age, calculus, NIDDM status, time to follow-up examination, and baseline WBS were explanatory variables in regression models for ordinal categorical response variables. NIDDM was positively associated with the probability of a change in bone score when the covariates were controlled. The cumulative odds ratio for NIDDM at each threshold of the ordered response was 4.23 (95% C.I. = 1.80, 9.92). In addition to being associated with the incidence of alveolar bone loss (as demonstrated in previous studies), these results suggest an NIDDM-associated increased rate of alveolar bone loss progression.
Serum uric acid is a strong predictor of stroke in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are at increased risk for stroke. Hyperuricemia is a common finding in NIDDM, but its significance as an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease has remained uncertain. Therefore, we investigated serum urate as a predictor of stroke in NIDDM patients free of clinical nephropathy (ie, with a serum creatinine level of < or = 120 micromol/L)., METHODS: In this population-based study, cardiovascular risk factors were determined in 1017 patients (551 men and 466 women) with NIDDM, aged 45 to 64 years at baseline. The patients were followed up for 7 years with respect to stroke events., RESULTS: During the follow-up period, 31 NIDDM patients (12 men [2.2%] and 19 women [4.1%]) died from stroke and 114 NIDDM patients (55 men [10.0%] and 59 women [12.7%]) had a fatal or nonfatal stroke. The incidence of stroke increased significantly by quartiles of serum uric acid levels (P<.001). High uric acid level (above the median value of > 295 micromol/L) was significantly associated with the risk of fatal and nonfatal stroke by Cox regression analysis (hazard ratio, 1.93 [1.30 to 2.86]; P=.001). This association remained statistically significant even after adjustment for all cardiovascular risk factors (hazard ratio, 1.91 [1.24 to 2.94]; P=.003)., CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that hyperuricemia is a strong predictor of stroke events in middle-aged patients with NIDDM independently of other cardiovascular risk factors.
Serum antioxidants and risk of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To examine whether serum levels of alpha-tocopherol, beta-carotene and retinol were associated with risk of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: The study design was a nested case-control study within a longitudinal population study. Serum levels of antioxidants were determined in 106 incident cases with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus detected on follow-up and 201 controls matched for sex, age and study region., RESULTS: The incident cases had lower serum alpha-tocopherol and beta-carotene levels than controls. The relative risk between the highest and lowest tertiles of serum alpha-tocopherol was 0.61 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.32-1.15), between the highest and lowest tertiles of serum beta-carotene 0.45 (CI 0.22-0.92). Although the relative risk of highest compared with lowest tertile of serum alpha-tocopherol was not statistically significant the inverse trend through the tertiles was (P < 0.05). The decreasing risk of diabetes was particularly evident in the elderly, women, nonsmokers and the obese. However, adjustment for serum cholesterol, obesity, smoking and hypertension abolished the associations. The adjusted relative risks in relation to serum alpha-tocopherol and beta-carotene (between highest and lowest tertiles) were 1.25 (CI 0.54-2.90) and 0.94 (CI 0.38-2.32), respectively. No associations were observed relating to serum retinol., CONCLUSIONS: High levels of alpha-tocopherol and beta-carotene were found to be associated with decreased risk of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, but the association disappeared after adjustment for cardiovascular risk factors.
Decreased activity of arachidonate 12-lipoxygenase in platelets of Japanese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To study the metabolism of the platelet 12-lipoxygenase pathway in diabetes, we evaluated the correlation between the activity and amount of arachidonate 12-lipoxygenase in the platelets of patients with non-insulin-dependent-diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). There were four parts in this investigation: (1) examination of abnormalities in platelet 12-lipoxygenase in patients with NIDDM recruited from the Hospital of Juntendo University School of Medicine; (2) comparison of 12-lipoxygenase in the platelets of non-obese NIDDM patients without angiopathy versus normal subjects matched for age, sex, and body mass index (BMI); (3) evaluation of gender differences; and (4) assessment of the potential influence of glycemic control. The activity of 12-lipoxygenase was assayed by incubation of [1-14C]arachidonic acid with the platelet cytosol. The reaction mixture was extracted and separated by thin-layer chromatography, and the radioactive end products were detected. The activity of 12-lipoxygenase in the platelets of patients with NIDDM was significantly less than in normal subjects (P < .003), whereas the amount of 12-lipoxygenase protein did not differ between the two groups. Thus, the specific activity of 12-lipoxygenase in diabetic patients was significantly less than that of normal subjects (P < .001). The enzyme activity and the specific enzyme activity of 12-lipoxygenase in non-obese NIDDM patients without angiopathy were significantly lower than the values in normal subjects matched for gender, age, and BMI (P < .006 and P < .0007, respectively). No significant difference in the activity or amount of platelet 12-lipoxygenase was observed between males and females matched for age, BMI, and disease. In addition, no relationship was observed between 12-lipoxygenase activity and blood glucose levels measured at the time of specimen collection. However, slight negative correlations were noted between 12-lipoxygenase activity and 1,5-anhydroglucitol, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and fructosamine (r = .369, -.354, and -.279, respectively). When recombinant 12-lipoxygenase was incubated with varying concentrations of glucose or fructose, enzyme inactivation was related to the length of incubation, and was unaffected by glucose or fructose. These observations suggest that the activity of 12-lipoxygenase in the platelets of patients with NIDDM is decreased by prolonged hyperglycemia. The mechanism involved requires further investigation.
Body composition and fat distribution measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry in premenopausal and postmenopausal insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.; The study aim was to measure body composition and fat distribution in premenopausal and postmenopausal women with insulin-dependent ([IDDM] n = 53) and non-insulin-dependent ([NIDDM] n = 32) diabetes mellitus by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. IDDM and NIDDM patients had similar, normal lean tissue mass (LTM) and 24-hour urinary excretion of creatinine. Total body and abdominal fat percentages were higher in the NIDDM group (approximately 40%) than in the IDDM group (-27%, P < .001) and were constant with age and menopausal status in both groups. In postmenopausal patients with IDDM, total body and abdominal fat values were less than in postmenopausal healthy women (approximately 27% v approximately 37%, P < .001). In premenopausal patients with NIDDM, total body and abdominal fat were higher than in premenopausal healthy women (approximately 42% v approximately 25%, P < .001). In conclusion, women with IDDM or NIDDM have a normal LTM and probably a normal muscle mass. Total body and abdominal fat were higher for women with NIDDM than for those with IDDM.
The effect of glucose and calcium on Ca2+-adenosine triphosphatase in pancreatic islets isolated from a normal and a non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus rat model.; Regulation of calcium balance is important in the secretory function of pancreatic islets. Ca2+-adenosine triphosphatase (ATPase) is altered in tissues of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) rats, and they have an impaired response to glucose, "glucose blindness." We propose that the glucose blindness of the diabetic islet is the result of defective cellular calcium metabolism. Since Ca2+-ATPase activity is important in the regulation of calcium balance, we investigated the effect of glucose and/or calcium on Ca2+-ATPase activity in pancreatic islets in vitro and compared it with the effect in freshly isolated islets from controls and from rats with NIDDM induced by streptozotocin neonatally. Islets were isolated using collagenase and were stored fresh or cultured up to 2 days in RPMI 1640 in the presence of different concentrations of glucose and calcium. Membrane Ca2+-ATPase activity, insulin secretion, and insulin content were determined. Ca2+-ATPase activity was 1.30 +/- 0.20 micromol/L Pi/microg membrane protein in normal noncultured islets and 1.02 +/- 0.15 in islets cultured in 5.6 mmol/L glucose. Ca2+-ATPase activity progressively decreased to 0.56 +/- 0.10 and 0.34 +/- 0.14 micromol/L Pi/microg membrane protein when glucose was increased in the culture media to 16.6 and 27.7 mmol/L, respectively. Decreasing glucose to 2.8 mmol/L did not alter Ca2+-ATPase activity. Increasing or decreasing the Ca2+ content of the media did not significantly change Ca2+-ATPase activity. Islets isolated from NIDDM rats had lower basal Ca2+-ATPase activity and insulin content compared with normal controls. Incubation of islets from diabetic rats in high glucose further decreased the Ca2+-ATPase content, but incubation in low glucose did not reverse it. Insulin secretion was responsive to glucose and calcium in normal islets, but was suppressed in islets from diabetic animals. From these studies, we conclude that high glucose, but not calcium, decreases Ca2+-ATPase activity in islets from normal rats. Islets from NIDDM rats with glucose blindness have decreased Ca2+-ATPase activity, likely due to the glucose status. We suggest that this decreased Ca2+-ATPase activity may contribute to the pancreatic islets' glucose blindness.
Skeletal muscle peroxisome proliferator- activated receptor-gamma expression in obesity and non- insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; UNLABELLED: The two isoforms of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma (PPARgamma1 and PPARgamma2), are ligand-activated transcription factors that are the intracellular targets of a new class of insulin sensitizing agents, the thiazolidinediones. The observation that thiazolidinediones enhance skeletal muscle insulin sensitivity in obesity and in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), by activating PPARgamma, and possibly by inducing its expression, suggests that PPARgamma expression in skeletal muscle plays a key role in determining tissue sensitivity to insulin, and that PPARgamma expression may be decreased in insulin resistant subjects. We used a sensitive ribonuclease protection assay, that permits simultaneous measurement of the two isoforms, to examine the effects of obesity and NIDDM, and the effects of insulin, on skeletal muscle levels of PPARgamma1 and PPARgamma2 mRNA. We studied seven patients with NIDDM (body mass index, 32+/-1 kg/m2), seven lean (24+/-1 kg/m2), and six obese (36+/-1 kg/m2) normal subjects. Biopsies from the vastus lateralis muscle were taken before and after a 5-h hyperinsulinemic (80 mU/m2 per minute) euglycemic clamp. The obese controls and NIDDM patients were insulin resistant with glucose disposal rates during the last 30 min of the clamp that were 67 and 31%, respectively, of those found in the lean controls. PPARgamma1, but not PPARgamma2 mRNA was detected in skeletal muscle at 10-15% of the level found in adipose tissue. No difference was found in PPARgamma1 levels between the three groups, and there was no change in PPARgamma1 levels after 5 h of hyperinsulinemia. In obese subjects, PPARgamma1 correlated with clamp glucose disposal rates (r = 0.92, P < 0.01). In the lean and NIDDM patients, muscle PPARgamma1 levels correlated with percentage body fat (r = 0.76 and r = 0.82, respectively, both P < 0.05) but not with body mass index., IN CONCLUSION: (a) skeletal muscle PPARgamma1 expression does not differ between normal and diabetic subjects, and is not induced by short-term hyperinsulinemia; (b) skeletal muscle PPARgamma1 expression was higher in subjects whose percent body fat exceeded 25%, and this may be a compensatory phenomenon in an attempt to maintain normal insulin sensitivity.
A missense mutation in hepatocyte nuclear factor-4 alpha, resulting in a reduced transactivation activity, in human late-onset non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a heterogeneous disorder characterized by hyperglycemia resulting from defects in insulin secretion and action. Recent studies have found mutations in the hepatocyte nuclear factor-4 alpha gene (HNF-4alpha) in families with maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY), an autosomal dominant form of diabetes characterized by early age at onset and a defect in glucose-stimulated insulin secretion. During the course of our search for susceptibility genes contributing to the more common late-onset NIDDM forms, we observed nominal evidence for linkage between NIDDM and markers in the region of the HNF-4alpha/MODY1 locus in a subset of French families with NIDDM diagnosed before 45 yr of age. Thus, we screened these families for mutations in the HNF-4alpha gene. We found a missense mutation, resulting in a valine-to-isoleucine substitution at codon 393 in a single family. This mutation cosegregated with diabetes and impaired insulin secretion, and was not present in 119 control subjects. Expression studies showed that this conservative substitution is associated with a marked reduction of transactivation activity, a result consistent with this mutation contributing to the insulin secretory defect observed in this family.
Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in Mexican-American children.; To define the clinical and metabolic characteristics of children with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we reviewed the medical records of 18 children and adolescents who met either or both of the following criteria for the diagnosis of the disease: evidence of continued endogenous secretion of insulin beyond that expected in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and satisfactory glycemic control with diet alone or in combination with an oral hypoglycemic agent more than 2 years from the time of diagnosis. Patients who met these criteria but had islet cell antibodies or insulin autoantibodies were eliminated from the study group. Patients with NIDDM constituted 8% of all patients with diabetes seen in our pediatric clinics and 19% of diabetic patients of Central or South American ancestry. Of the 18 patients, 12 (67%) were Mexican American. The mean age of onset was 12.8 years (range, 5 to 17). Obesity (n = 9) and acanthosis nigricans (n = 12) were common findings. Ketonuria was present at diagnosis in 5 (33%) of 15 patients and acidosis in 2 of 14 (14%). Challenge with a nutritional supplement (Sustacal, Mead Johnson Nutritionals) (n = 10) showed a mean fasting serum C-peptide concentration of 1.19 nmol per liter (3.6 ng per ml). A family history of NIDDM was present in 13 (87%) of 15 patients, with 7 (47%) having 3 or more generations affected. Children with NIDDM are an important subset of those with diabetes, and this disease should be suspected in diabetic children presenting without ketoacidosis and with acanthosis nigricans, obesity, and a strong family history, particularly among those of Mexican-American ethnicity. Children with these characteristics should undergo testing of endogenous insulin secretion for appropriate therapeutic intervention.
Postmortem pancreatic angiography in 45 subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and 51 controls.; We evaluated, from 96 postmortem angiographs, the main feeding arteries and degree of vascularity of the pancreas to discover to what extent atherosclerosis affects pancreatic blood supply in subjects with and without non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Patients with NIDDM more often showed intrapancreatic arteries with irregularities in the body-tail of the pancreas (p = 0.050) and more frequently demonstrated decreased vascularity in both the body-tail and the head of the pancreas (p < 0.001) than did the controls. When the arterial system from the aorta to the intrapancreatic branches was examined as a whole, 26 (58%) of the NIDDM patients and 10 (20%) of the controls (p = 0.0001) showed one or more of the following: >50% stenosis in the celiac or splenic artery, two or more irregular intrapancreatic branches, or a distinctly decreased degree of vascularity in the body-tail portion of the pancreas, the region responsible for most insulin secretion. Only 1 NIDDM patient, compared to 10 controls, showed a totally normal angiogram. In conclusion, vascular disease in the feeding arteries of the pancreas is more common in NIDDM patients than age- and gender-matched controls.
Altered postreceptor signal transduction of formyl-Met-Leu-Phe receptors in polymorphonuclear leukocytes of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The signal transduction of the formyl-Met-Leu-Phe (FMLP) receptor in polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMNLs) from patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) was compared to that of PMNLs obtained from healthy volunteers. According to our previous studies in this group of patients neither the decrease in insulin binding capacity nor the enhanced insulin-degrading enzyme activity was involved. In control PMNLs, 10 nM FMLP induced a pertussis toxin-sensitive increase in phosphatidyl inositol (PI) cleavage and a subsequent Ca2+ signaling from the intracellular pools. On the other hand, the FMLP-induced protein kinase C (PKC) activation and translocation into the membrane could not be detected in these cells via the measurement of 32P incorporation into histone. In contrast, in PMNLs of this special group of patients suffering from NIDDM the FMLP stimulus produced a significantly low increase in PI cleavage and Ca2+ signaling from the intracellular pools. Moreover, in resting PMNLs of these patients with NIDDM, not only the [Ca2+]i but also the membrane-bound PKC activity was found to be significantly increased. In addition, PKC translocation into the cell membrane of diabetic PMNLs could be further triggered with FMLP as judged by the measurement of 32P incorporation into histone. Based on these results, it appears that the signaling of FMLP receptors in PMNLs of some NIDDM patients may have an alternative pathway through Ca2+ influx from extracellular medium, arachidonic acid cascade, and PKC activation.
Defects in insulin secretion and insulin action in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus are inherited. Metabolic studies on offspring of diabetic probands.; No studies are available that have compared early defects in glucose metabolism in the offspring of insulin-deficient and insulin-resistant probands with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). To investigate this issue, we evaluated insulin secretion capacity with oral and intravenous glucose tolerance tests and with the hyperglycemic clamp, and insulin action with the euglycemic insulin clamp in 20 offspring of NIDDM patients with low fasting C-peptide (+/-450 pmol/liter), reflecting deficient insulin secretion (IS-group), 18 offspring of NIDDM patients with high fasting C-peptide (>/= 880 pmol/liter), reflecting insulin resistance (IR-group), and 14 healthy control subjects without a family history of NIDDM. The frequency of impaired glucose tolerance was 45.0% in the IS-group and 50% in the IR-group. The IS-group had lower insulin-glucose response at 30 min in the oral glucose tolerance test (85.2+/-10.0 pmol insulin per mmol glucose) than the control group (136.4+/-23.1 pmol insulin per mmol glucose; P < 0.05) and the IR-group (115.6+/-11.8 pmol insulin per mmol glucose; P = 0.05). Furthermore, the acute insulin response during the first 10 min of an intravenous glucose tolerance test was lower in the IS-group than in the IR-group. Maximal insulin secretion capacity evaluated by C-peptide levels during the hyperglycemic clamp did not differ between the groups. The IR-group had lower rates of whole body glucose uptake (60.1+/-4.6 micromol per lean body mass per minute) than did the control group (84.2+/-5.0 micromol per lean body mass per minute; P < 0.001) or the IS-group (82.6+/-5.9 micromol per lean body mass per minute; P < 0.01) and this was due to reduced glucose nonoxidation. To conclude, both impaired insulin secretion and insulin action seem to be inherited and could represent the primary defects in glucose metabolism in the offspring of NIDDM probands.
Relation between obesity in young adulthood and risk of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the independent effect of obesity in young adulthood on the risk of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., DESIGN: Retrospective cohort design., SUBJECTS: One-thousand, one hundred and five Japanese male railway employees aged 30 y or older who received a health examination from February to May 1995., MEASUREMENTS: Adjusted odds ratios (ORs) for subsequent NIDDM determined by the WHO criteria or a physician's diagnosis, among men who were obese at ages 20, 25, or 30 y., RESULTS: Men who were obese (BMI > or = 25.0 kg/m2) at ages 25 or 30 y had significantly positive ORs for NIDDM after adjustment for age and maximum BMI (8.20 and 3.94, respectively). Men in the top quintile of BMI at any age also had significantly positive ORs for NIDDM (2.13, 7.92, and 3.49, at 20, 25, and 30 y, respectively). After mutual adjustment for BMI at age 20, 25 and 30 y, only obesity at age 25 y demonstrated a significantly positive OR for NIDDM in both absolute and relative models (6.98 for BMI > or = 25.0 and 9.99 for the top quintile, respectively)., CONCLUSION: Men who were obese (BMI > or = 25.0 kg/m2 or top quintile) at age 25 y were at significantly high risk of prevalent NIDDM in subsequent years, independent of age, maximum BMI, and BMIs at age 20 and 30 y.
[Relationship between insulin resistance and coronary heart disease in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients].; Recent clinical studies showed that an independent association between hyper-insulinaemia and coronary heart disease (CHD) in men with normal glucose tolerance. In non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) it is less clear. Therefore, we evaluated insulin-sensitivity index, plasma glucose, insulin, lipoproteins and apolipoproteins in 40 male NIDDM patients with CHD, and compared them with 36 male NIDDM patients without CHD. The insulin-sensitivity index determined by the reverse of fasting plasma glucose and insulin product. The results showed that the subjects with CHD had significantly lower insulin-sensitivity index (P < 0.01) compared to those without CHD. Using step-wise logistic regression analgsis, we found insulin-sensitivity indexes (OR 0.237, 95%CI 0.0909-0.6167, P = 0.0032) were negatively associated with CHD, and were independent from other cardiovascular risk factors such as age, body mass index, hypertension, and hyperlipemia. We conclude that in NIDDM patients with CHD are more insulin resistant compared to those without CHD. Insulin resistance is associated with CHD, and independent from other cardiovascular risk factors.
[Study on syndrome-type in TCM and its correlation with superoxide dismutase and malonyldialdehyde in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; OBJECTIVE: To explore the possible relationship between Syndrome-Type in TCM and the superoxide dismutase (SOD) as well as malonyldialdehyde (MDA)., METHODS: Serum SOD and MDA were measured in 61 patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 20 normal subjects., RESULTS: SOD activity of the NIDDM patients blood were clearly lower than those of normal subjects, but MDA were markedly elevated. From the Syndrome-Type of Yin Deficiency with Hyperactivity of Heat, to both Qi and Yin Deficiency, to both Yin and Yang Deficiency, or from without hemostasis to with the appearance of hemostasis in order. The SOD activity decreased and meanwhile MDA increased gradually., CONCLUSIONS: SOD activity and MDA levels in patients with NIDDM were associated with Syndrome-Type in TCM, it might be responsible for the diagnosis of Syndrome-Type in TCM.
[Effects of supplemented taohe chengqi decoction in treating insulin resistance in rats with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of Supplemented Taohe Chengqi Decoction (STHCQD) in treating non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: The model of rats with NIDDM was formed with injection of streptozotocin and fed on high calorie diet to study the effects of STHCQD on the release of insulin mediator from liver cell membranes, the glucose oxidation in adipocytes as well as the insulin sensitivity., RESULTS: (1) Fasting serum glucose, serum insulin, intake of food and water were significantly decreased (P < 0.05-0.01) in STHCQD-treated diabetic rats as compared with untreated diabetic rats, while the insulin sensitivity was significantly increased (P < 0.05). (2) The liver cell membranes from STHCQD-treated diabetic rats released the quantity of insulin receptor which inhibited adenylate cyclase activity, but this effect was blunted in untreated diabetic rats (P < 0.05). (3) A significantly increased glucose oxidation in adipocyte of STHCQD-treated diabetic rats was found as compared with those of untreated diabetic rats (P < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: STHCQD therapy increased sensitivity and responsiveness of target cells to insulin, i.e., it might decrease insulin resistance at receptor sites and postreceptor sites in rats with NIDDM, but could not reverse the insulin resistance.
Oxidative stress and metabolic control in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; The aim of this study was to evaluate conjugated dienes in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and its metabolic control. To achieve good metabolic control in addition to dietary management oral hypoglycemic agents such as glibenclamide, gliclazide and metformin were given to patients. Human plasma low-density lipoproteins (LDL) were delipidised and triglycerides (LDL-TG) and cholesterol esters (LDL-CE) were separated. Conjugated dienes in LDL-TG and LDL-CE of subjects with NIDDM (n = 90) and normal glucose tolerance (NGT) (n = 30) were measured using second derivative of uv absorption spectrum. Hypoglycemic agents lowered substantially concentration of cis, trans (c, t) and trans, trans (t, t) conjugated dienes in LDL-CE and LDL-TG. The duration of NIDDM has shown significant correlation (p < 0.001) with conjugated dienes in LDL-TG. Concentration of c, t and t, t-conjugated dienes in LDL-CE and LDL-TG were found significantly higher in subjects with NIDDM than NGT (p < 0.001). In conclusion, NIDDM, status of metabolic control and duration of diabetes have strong positive relation with oxidative stress.
[The prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the rural population of Durango, Mexico].; This study was carried out to determine the prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in rural inhabitants of Durango, Mexico, and some of the risk factors for the disease. A random samples of 30,996 individuals aged 30 years and over was selected from 627 rural communities in Durango. These persons were interviewed between November 1993 and December 1994 to obtain information on several sociodemographic variables. A capillary blood sample was collected from each individual to determine his or her glucose level after 10-12 hours of fasting. Measures of central tendency and dispersion were calculated, and percentage distributions for the study variables were determined. Comparisons among proportions were made utilizing the chi-square test, and means were compared using Student's t test. The strength of associations was estimated with odds ratios, and 95% confidence intervals (CI 95%) were calculated for proportions. The final sample consisted of 31,028 persons, of whom 22,890 (73.8%) were women and 8,138 (26.2%) were men. A total of 1,004 cases of NIDDM were detected (3.2%; CI 95%:3.0 to 3.4), 767 in women and 237 in men. Only 9.2% of the study population was obese. The highest frequency of NIDDM was documented in persons 60 to 69 years of age. Family history of NIDDM was identified in 59.5% of the persons with the disease (CI 95%: 58.9 to 60.0) and in 26.3% of the healthy persons (CI 95%: 25.8 to 26.8). The low prevalence of NIDDM found in this study may be related to the low level of obesity in the population surveyed.
Behavior of the polymorphonuclear leukocyte membrane fluidity and cystolic Ca2+ content in vascular atherosclerotic disease with and without non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; In 71 subjects with vascular atherosclerotic disease (VAD), in 32 VAD subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and in 31 normal controls, we evaluated polymorphonuclear leukocyte (PMN) membrane fluidity and PMN cytosolic Ca2+ content. The PMN membrane fluidity was obtained by marking intact and unstimulated PMN cells with fluorescent probe 1-[4-(trimethylamino)phenyl]-6-phenyl-1,3,5-hexatriene (TMA-DPH) and the PMN cytosolic Ca2+ content was obtained by marking intact and unstimulated PMN cells with the fluorescent probe Fura 2-AM. From the obtained results, it is evident that PMN membrane fluidity does not differentiate normals from VAD subjects and VAD subjects with NIDDM, and normals from subjects with monovascular disease (MVAD) and polyvascular disease (PVAD) with and without NIDDM. The PMN cytosolic Ca2+ content is significantly increased in VAD subjects and VAD subjects with NIDDM, and also in MVAD and PVAD subjects with and without NIDDM. A positive correlation is present between PMN membrane fluidity and PMN cytosolic Ca2+ content in normals and VAD subjects, but not in VAD subjects with NIDDM. In conclusion, in VAD subjects with and without NIDDM, an increase of the PMN cytosolic Ca2+ content is present; this increase might be related to the PMN spontaneous activation.
[Is PstI polymorphism of the angiotensin I converting enzyme gene associated with nephropathy development in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (preliminary study)].; Nephropathy is a frequent complication of long term diabetes. Diabetic nephropathy is the major determinant of premature morbidity and mortality both in insulin-dependent (IDDM) and in non-insulin dependent-diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). There is good evidence that genetic predisposition plays a major role in development of diabetic nephropathy. This hypothesis is based on the observation that diabetic nephropathy clusters within families, both in IDDM and NIDDM. Components of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) are plausible candidate genes to examine for a association with microalbuminuria and diabetic nephropathy. In this study we compared the distribution of PstI melting polymorphism at the ACE locus among NIDDM patients with diabetic nephropathy and in patients who, despite long duration of NIDDM, remain without this complication. The 220 NIDDM patients for whom DNA was available were classified into two groups according to their renal status: normoalbuminuric control subjects (n = 80) who are NIDDM patients with an A/C ratio < 2.5 and nephropathy cases (n = 140) who are NIDDM patients with A/C ratio > 2.5. Albumin excretion rate was assayed by radioimmunoassay. HbA1c was assayed using HPLC methods, creatinine--using Jaffe methods and DNA analysis using PCR reaction, and then after the amplification product was digested with PstI enzyme. The study revealed that PstI sequence differences ("+/= and -") in the ACE gene do not contribute to genetic susceptibility to diabetic nephropathy in NIDDM.
Glucose transporter levels in a male spontaneous non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus rat of the Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty strain.; Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rats are a new strain of spontaneous non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) models. To evaluate the role of glucose transporters (GLUT) in the development of diabetes in this model, we examined the action of insulin on the translocation of GLUT4 and GLUT1 in isolated adipocytes, and the GLUT4 protein levels in muscles. Long-Evans Tokushima Otsuka (LETO) rats were used as a control strain. In adipocytes, the GLUT4 protein levels in OLETF rats at 30 weeks of age (diabetic stage) were considerably lower than those in LETO rats at the same age. At a pre-diabetic stage (7 weeks), there were no significant differences in GLUT4 protein levels in adipocytes between LETO and OLETF rats. However, the degree of GLUT4 translocation in OLETF rats was lower than that in LETO rats at 7 weeks of age. There were no differences in GLUT1 levels in adipocytes between the two strains. In muscles, the decrease in GLUT4 protein was observed in OLETF rats at 30 weeks of age. Whether such a difference is under the influence of hyperglycemia was also examined using rats rendered diabetic by 70% pancreatectomy. OLETF rats aged 7 weeks were subjected to partial pancreatectomy (Px) and sham pancreatectomy (sham). At 4 weeks after surgery, GLUT4 protein levels in adipose tissues and skeletal muscles were determined. GLUT4 decrease was observed for both tissues of hyperglycemic Px rats compared with euglycemic sham. Moreover, we examined the direct effect of glucose on GLUT4 protein using primary cultured adipocytes of OLETF rats at 5 weeks of age. After 7-day culture with normal (5.6 mmol/l) or high (25 mmol/l) concentrations of glucose, the GLUT4 protein levels in adipocytes decreased at 25 mmol/l glucose compared with 5.6 mmol/l glucose. These findings suggest an early defect in the insulin resistance of OLETF rats probably reflects impaired GLUT4 translocation. The GLUT4 decrease, which occurs later in the process appears to be a consequence, rather than a cause of diabetes in OLETF rats.
Plasma PAF acetylhydrolase in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and obesity: effect of hyperinsulinemia and lovastatin treatment.; Insulin resistance is characterized principally by impaired insulin-mediated glucose uptake which provokes a compensatory increase in pancreatic beta-cell secretory activity. For a time this may produce well-controlled plasma glucose levels but as the insulin resistance worsens the augmented insulin production becomes inadequate to keep plasma glucose at euglycemia leading to the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), accompanied by hyperinsulinemia and hyperglycemia. A number of metabolic defects are associated with NIDDM including obesity, hypercoagulability, cardiovascular disease risk factors such as hypertension and dyslipidemia and these constitute the insulin resistance syndrome. The identity of the biochemical factor that might link all these defects is not yet known. We have hypothesized that platelet-activating factor (1-O-alkyl-2-acetyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine, PAF) may be such a link. In this study, we measured plasma acetylhydrolase (EC.1.1.48), which degrades PAF to the inactive metabolise lyso-PAF, as a surrogate for PAF activity in three groups of hypercholesterolemic subjects: lean controls (n = 9), non-diabetic obese (n = 6) and NIDDM subjects (n = 6). The ages and body mass indices of the subjects were 46 +/- 3.1 and 24.2 +/- 2.2 for the lean controls, 52 +/- 2.5 and 28.7 +/- 0.9 for the NIDDM subjects and 60 +/- 2 and 27.6 +/- 2.1 for the obese, non-diabetic subjects (mean +/- S.E.M.). The measurements were made before and after therapy with the cholesterol-lowering drug lovastatin, a 3-hydroxy 3 methylglutaryl (HMG) coenzyme. A reductase inhibitor (40 mg/day) for 3 months. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) levels were 91 +/- 11, 96 +/- 3 and 146 +/- 11 mg/dl, for the lean, obese and NIDDM subjects, respectively, before therapy began. Lovastatin did not affect FPG in any of the three subject groups. Before treatment, the fasting plasma insulin (FPI) levels were 6.1 +/- 0.92, 10.83 +/- 2.03 and 14.68 +/- 3.64 mU/l for the lean, non-diabetic obese and NIDDM subjects, respectively. After lovastatin therapy only the obese group exhibited a significant change in FPI (15.35 +/- 2.47 mU/l) (P < 0.05). Total cholesterol levels were similar in all three groups both before and after lovastatin therapy but within each group lovastatin therapy significantly reduced the total cholesterol by 32, 29 and 34% in the lean, obese and NIDDM subject groups respectively (P < 0.0001). Lovastatin therapy reduced LDL-cholesterol levels by 40, 32 and 46% in the lean, obese and NIDDM subjects, respectively, but produced no significant effect on HDL or triglyceride levels. Before therapy, the plasma acetylyhydrolase activities were 104 +/- 7, 164 +/- 7 and 179 +/- 7 nmol/ml per min in the lean, obese and NIDDM subjects, respectively. Lovastatin therapy reduced plasma acetylhydrolase levels to 70 +/- 7, 87 +/- 6 and 86 +/- 7 nmol/ml per min in the lean, obese and NIDDM subjects, respectively. Plasma acetylhydrolase activity was predominantly (> 80%) associated with LDL cholesterol both before and after lovastatin treatment. Also, plasma acetylhydrolase activity significantly correlated with fasting plasma insulin levels before lovastatin therapy but not after. Taken together, this study clearly implicates PAF metabolism in three defects associated with the insulin resistance syndrome: hypercholesterolemia, obesity and NIDDM. Additionally, we conclude that chronic hyperinsulinemia may play a significant role in the production of plasma acetylhydrolase.
Australian Diabetes Screening Study: impaired glucose tolerance and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; In preventing non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and its complications, screening high-risk individuals complements public health measures. Our screening instrument for patients of general practitioners was a questionnaire for self-determined high-risk groups plus a laboratory measurement of a random venous plasma glucose level. Collaborating practitioners evaluated 100 consecutive outpatients aged 40 years or older. The questionnaire identified patients with two or more diabetic symptoms or with two or more risk factors, and they were recommended to have their blood tested. For those with a random plasma glucose greater than 5.5 mmol/L, oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) were advised. Of 50,859 subjects completing the study, there were 1,013 cases (2.0%) of new diabetes, 1,704 cases (3.4%) of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and 5,508 cases (10.8%) of previously diagnosed diabetes. Symptoms alone were a relatively poor discriminant. Almost all newly identified NIDDM and IGT patients had two or more risk factors for NIDDM. The risk ratios for abnormal glucose tolerance were as follows: high blood pressure, 2.4; overweight, 2.0; and positive family history, 1.7. Selection of cutoff points higher than 5.5 mmol/L would have substantially reduced the rate of newly discovered NIDDM and IGT. Screening for NIDDM and IGT in general practice is feasible and can be achieved with little disruption of office procedures. In preventive programs of this nature, the low screening threshold of 5.5 mmol/L for random venous plasma glucose maximizes the case-finding rate.
Influence of highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester on insulin resistance in the Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty rat, a model of spontaneous non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We investigated the effect of long-term administration of highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester (EPA-E), an n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid derived from fish oil, in comparison to the effects of lard, olive oil, safflower oil, or distilled water as the control on the development of insulin resistance in Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rats, a model of spontaneous non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with obesity. After 17 or 18 weeks of treatment, the glucose infusion rate (GIR) in the euglycemic insulin-glucose clamp test only showed a significant increase in EPA-E-treated rats compared with control rats given distilled water alone as the vehicle. The GIR in EPA-E-treated animals was approximately three times greater than in the controls. This is the first report to display the influence of various fatty acids on the development of insulin resistance in OLETF rats. We demonstrated that EPA-E prevents the onset of insulin resistance, whereas olive oil and safflower oil have no effect and lard exacerbates insulin resistance. Fatty acid analysis of phospholipids in skeletal muscle showed a significant increase of the C18:2, C20:5, and C22:5 components in EPA-E-treated rats and, conversely, a significant decrease in C20:4. In addition, EPA-E-treated rats showed a significant increase in GLUT4 mRNA in skeletal muscle when compared with control rats. Our results indicate that the beneficial effect of EPA-E on insulin resistance in OLETF rats is likely to be dependent on modification of the phospholipid components of the skeletal muscle membrane. These findings suggest that dietary fatty acids may play a key role in the development of insulin resistance in patients with NIDDM.
Correlation between serum lipoprotein(a) and angiographic coronary artery disease in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: To examine the impact of diabetic state on the concentrations of lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and the correlation between angiographic coronary artery disease (CAD) and serum Lp(a) concentrations in NIDDM., DESIGN: In this cross-sectional study of 26 patients with NIDDM and 19 nondiabetic sex- and age-matched patients who underwent coronary angiography. CAD was assessed visually using coronary artery score (CAS), and plasma Lp(a) was measured by an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay., SETTING: The study was performed in an internal medicine clinic at a university hospital., SUBJECTS: Twenty-six age- and sex-matched patients with NIDDM and 19 control patients without diabetes., RESULTS: There was no significant difference between the Lp(a) concentrations of patients with NIDDM and nondiabetic subjects (P > 0.05). When patients with NIDDM were stratified by absence or presence of CAD, patients with CAD had higher levels of Lp(a) (P < 0.05). However, there was no significant correlation between the concentrations of Lp(a) and CAS (P > 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: Diabetic state does not have any impact on Lp(a) concentrations. Lp(a) excess seems to be atherogenic in patients with NIDDM as shown in nondiabetic patients in previous studies. Although diabetic patients with CAD have higher Lp(a) concentrations than the diabetic patients without CAD, Lp(a) levels were not correlated with CAS.
Clinical predictors of non-diabetic renal disease in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Several studies had suggested that non-diabetic renal disease (NDRD) was common among non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients with renal involvement., METHODS: We prospectively studied the prevalence of NDRD among a Chinese NIDDM population. Renal biopsy specimens were evaluated with light-, immunohistological and electron-microscopy. The cohort consisted of 51 patients who had NIDDM and proteinuria > 1 g/24 h., RESULTS: Patients with both isolated diabetic nephropathy (DN, n = 34) and NDRD (n = 17) had comparable duration of DM, creatinine clearance, serum creatinine, albumin and glycosylated haemoglobin levels, as well as incidences of retinopathy, neuropathy and hypertension. Significantly more patients with NDRD had microscopic haematuria (P = 0.043) or non-nephrotic proteinuria (P = 0.004). IgA nephropathy accounted for 59% of the NDRD identified., CONCLUSIONS: In this study, microscopic haematuria and non-nephrotic proteinuria predicted the presence of NDRD among NIDDM patients presenting with renal disease.
Evidence for decreased splanchnic glucose uptake after oral glucose administration in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The role of splanchnic glucose uptake (SGU) after oral glucose administration as a potential factor contributing to postprandial hyperglycemia in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has not been established conclusively. Therefore, we investigated SGU in six patients with NIDDM and six weight-matched control subjects by means of the hepatic vein catheterization (HVC) technique. In a second part, we examined the applicability of the recently developed OG-CLAMP technique in NIDDM by comparing SGU and first-pass SGU during HVC with SGU during the OG-CLAMP experiment. The OG-CLAMP method combines a euglycemic, hyperinsulinemic clamp and an oral glucose tolerance test (75 g) during steady state glucose infusion (GINF). During HVC, SGU equals the splanchnic fractional extraction times the total (oral and arterial) glucose load presented to the liver. For OG-CLAMP, SGU was calculated as first-pass SGU by subtracting the integrated decrease in GINF over 180 min from 75 g. Cumulative splanchnic glucose output after oral glucose correlated significantly between both methods and was increased significantly in NIDDM patients (73.1+/-5.1 g for HVC, 76.5+/-5.5 for OG-CLAMP) compared with nondiabetic patients (46.7+/-4.4 g for HVC, 57.5+/-1.9 for OG-CLAMP). Thus, in NIDDM patients, SGU (7.4+/-2.1 vs. 37.8+/-5.9% in nondiabetic patients, P < 0.001) and first-pass SGU (4.7+/-1.7 vs. 26.5+/-5.1% in nondiabetic patients, P < 0.01) were decreased significantly during HVC, as was SGU during OG-CLAMP (3.9+/-1.7 vs. 23.4+/-2.5% in nondiabetic patients, P < 0.0001). SGU measured during OG-CLAMP correlated significantly with SGU (r = 0.87, P < 0.05 for NIDDM patients; r = 0.94, P < 0.01 for nondiabetic patients) and first-pass SGU (r = 0.87, P < 0.05 for NIDDM patients; r = 0.84, P < 0.05 for nondiabetic patients) during HVC. In conclusion, (a) SGU after oral glucose administration is decreased in NIDDM as measured by both methods, and (b) SGU during the OG-CLAMP is well-correlated to SGU and first-pass SGU during HVC in NIDDM. The decrease in SGU in NIDDM might contribute to postprandial hyperglycemia in diabetic subjects.
Narrow hips and broad waist circumferences independently contribute to increased risk of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: Patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) have been shown to be more obese and have higher waist-to-hips circumference ratios compared to nondiabetics. In this study, we tried to dissociate obesity, waist and hip circumference from NIDDM., DESIGN: A cross-sectional population-based case-control study., SETTING: General population., SUBJECTS:, CONTROLS: 5887 men and 7018 women, aged 20-59 years, without known diabetes or hyperglycaemia., CASES: 93 men and 66 women were diagnosed with NIDDM., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We predicted waist and hips' circumference from the body mass index, weight/height2, (BMI) on the basis of linear regression. Differences between observed and expected values (residuals) of waist and hip circumference were categorized into tertiles. The relative odds of having NIDDM in tertiles of waist and hip residuals (middle tertile as reference) were calculated by multiple logistic regression analysis adjusted for each other and for age, smoking, physical activity, alcohol consumption and education., RESULTS: NIDDM was most prevalent in men and women who had larger waists and in those who had smaller hip circumferences than expected from their BMI. Adjusted odds ratios (95% CI) for NIDDM were 2.9 (1.6-5.1) in men and 2.8 (1.5-5.1) in women who had a larger than expected waist, and were 3.7 (2.1-6.5) in men and 2.1 (1.1-3.8) in women who had smaller than expected hips., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that diabetics have larger waists and smaller hips compared to nondiabetics, irrespective of their degree of obesity, age and life-style factors. One possibility is that besides abdominal fatness, peripheral muscle atrophy is one of the factors associated with NIDDM.
Does metformin increase the serum total homocysteine level in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus?.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to estimate the effect of metformin on the serum total homocysteine level in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. An elevated serum total homocysteine level is a risk factor for atherosclerosis. Metformin decreases serum vitamin B12, and may thereby indirectly increase the serum total homocysteine level., DESIGN: A cross-sectional study in a primary care setting., SUBJECTS, MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Fasting serum total homocysteine level was measured in 40 NIDDM patients who had received treatment with metformin (500-2550 mg per day) for at least six months, and in 71 NIDDM patients not treated with metformin and matched for sex, age (+/- 5 years), serum creatinine (+/- 5 micromol L[-1]) and current smoking habits. 'Exposed' patients were matched with 'nonexposed' patients. A two-way analysis of variance was performed., RESULTS: The mean serum total homocysteine level was 11.5 micromol L(-1) in the metformin-exposed patients and 10.6 micromol L(-1) in the nonexposed patients. Thus, the metformin-exposed patients had slightly higher serum total homocysteine levels (difference 0.8 micromol L(-1), 95% confidence interval (-0.4-2.0 micromol L[-1]). Results were similar in men and women. Finally, no dose-response relationship between cumulative exposure to metformin (dose x duration of treatment) and the serum total homocysteine level could be demonstrated., CONCLUSION: We conclude that the effect of metformin on serum total homocysteine level in NIDDM patients, if any, is likely to be small.
Tubulointerstitial lesions in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; The clinical features and quantitative renal morphometry, including the index of mesangial expansion (IME), the index of arteriolar hyalinous change (IAHC), the percentage of globally sclerosed glomeruli (%GS), and interstitial volume fraction for total renal cortex (Vv int/T) of 67 Japanese non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients were examined. For the total subject population, Vv int/T correlated with urine protein, creatinine clearance, blood pressure, IME, IAHC and %GS, but not with duration of NIDDM. No significant difference in interstitial expansion between normo- and microalbuminuric patients was observed, and Vv int/T did not correlate with urine albumin excretion rate in those patients. However, in the area without hyalinized glomeruli and atrophic tubules, we found significant interstitial expansion and thickening of the tubular basement membrane (TBM) in patients without overt proteinuria as compared with those in the age-matched minimal change control group. This study confirmed that interstitial expansion in NIDDM progresses in parallel with glomerular and arteriolar lesions and that the expansion occurs concurrently with TBM thickening before the appearance of proteinuria.
Course of renal disease in Pima Indians with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The course of renal disease attributable to non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has been characterized extensively in the Pima Indians of Arizona. Studies in this population indicate that the glomerular filtration rate often increases at the onset of NIDDM and remains elevated as long as normal urinary albumin excretion (< 30 mg albumin/g creatinine) or microalbuminuria (30-299 mg albumin/g creatinine) persist. After the development of macroalbuminuria (> or = 300 mg albumin/g creatinine), the glomerular filtration rate declines at least as rapidly as reported in subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes. Morphologic examination of kidney tissue reveals extensive glomerular sclerosis, mesangial expansion, and widening of epithelial cell foot processes and the glomerular basement membrane in the subjects with macroalbuminuria, but not in those with normo- or microalbuminuria. These findings suggest that substantial structural damage to the kidney occurs at or about the time that macroalbuminuria develops, and the decline in glomerular function in those with macroalbuminuria is due to a loss of ultrafiltration surface area and a reduction in glomerular hydraulic permeability.
Molecular screening of both the promoter and the protein coding regions in the human ob gene in Japanese obese subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Although the molecular mechanism of obesity has been poorly understood, recent studies indicate that leptin plays a critical role in regulating both food intake and body weight. Because obesity decreases the sensitivity to insulin, the human ob gene is presumed to be one of the candidate genes for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) associated with obesity. Although the protein coding region in the ob gene has been screened for mutations, the promoter region and the non-coding first exon have not yet been studied. We investigated the involvement of the human ob gene, especially mutations at the promoter region and the non-coding first exon, in the development of NIDDM associated with obesity., SUBJECTS: The study group comprised 60 Japanese obese subjects with NIDDM (body mass index (BMI) 43.6 > or = BMI > or = 26.4, 29.0+/-0.41 (mean+/-S.E.M.)) and 24 obese individuals with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) (30 > or = BMI > or = 26.4, 27.1+/-0.22)., METHODS: Mutations at both the promoter region and all three exons in the human ob gene were screened by the single-stranded conformational polymorphism analysis. When aberrantly migrated bands were recognized, the PCR-amplified DNA fragment was directly sequenced., RESULTS: In the protein coding region a silent mutation in the second exon was detected. The non-coding first exon and the about 100 bp 5'-flanking region of the gene which contains a proximal CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein site were screened, but no mutations were found., CONCLUSION: These results suggest that no mutations in either the promoter region at the about 100 bp 5'-flanking region of the gene, or in any of the three exons, are involved in the development of NIDDM or IGT associated with obesity.
Abnormal pulsatile secretion of growth hormone in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Studies of GH secretion in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) have produced conflicting results. We aimed to differentiate the effects of obesity and metabolic control on pulsatile GH secretion in patients with NIDDM., DESIGN: Blood sampling every 15 min from 22.00 hours to 08.00 hours after a fasting period of at least 3 h., PATIENTS: 13 male NIDDM patients, 9 healthy control subjects matched for age and BMI, and 6 lean subjects matched for age., MEASUREMENTS: Measurement of GH by a novel ultrasensitive chemiluminescence assay. Analysis of concentration vs time profiles by a multiparameter deconvolution technique., RESULTS: GH burst frequency was increased in the NIDDM (0.82 +/- 0.28 h-1) compared with both control groups (lean: 0.6 +/- 0.11; obese: 0.56 +/- 0.19). GH burst mass was decreased in patients (1.57 +/- 0.98 micrograms/l.min) and in obese controls (1.46 +/- 1.44) compared to lean controls (3.71 +/- 3.88). These differences resulted in a significantly higher nocturnal pulsatile GH secretion rate in the lean compared to the obese controls, whereas in the patient group enhanced GH burst frequency compensated for reduced burst mass. The characteristics of GH secretion were not related to nocturnal or early morning blood glucose concentrations. However, GH secretion rate was correlated positively with HbA1c (r = 0.57; P = 0.04), and negatively with plasma C peptide concentrations., CONCLUSIONS: The specific increase in GH burst frequency previously described in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is also present in NIDDM. However, GH hypersecretion does not occur because GH burst mass is reduced in proportion to the degree of obesity. The effect of diabetes on the hypothalamic control of GH release appears to be determined by the quality of long-term glycaemic control.
Perceived threat of illness and health protective behaviors in offspring of adults with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Self-reported measures of perceived threat of illness, health protective behaviors, psychological well-being, and family modeling of health behaviors of 30 adults with a parental history of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were compared with responses from 29 adults with a parental history of hypertension and 30 adults with no parental history of chronic illness. The NIDDM risk group reported significantly more perceived threats of NIDDM and hypertension and more weight-control efforts than the controls did. Reports of the NIDDM risk respondents concerning physician screening, healthy diet, and exercise did not differ from reports of individuals without a family history of NIDDM. Perceived threat, psychological well-being, and family modeling did not correlate with health-protective behaviors. The findings suggest that offspring of adults diagnosed with NIDDM perceive themselves to be at risk of NIDDM and engage in health behaviors, such as weight control, to protect themselves from NIDDM onset.
Comparison of energy metabolism in insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To compare the metabolic consequences of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), glycemic control and energy metabolism were evaluated in 18 children displaying IDDM and 19 NIDDM adult patients. With rising concentrations of fasting blood glucose (FBG), hemoglobin A1C and free fatty acid, the percentage of the ratio of resting energy expenditure (REE) to predicted REE expressed as %REE increased and the respiratory quotient (RQ) decreased. The linear regression between RQ and FBG showed the same gradient in IDDM and NIDDM although the RQ in IDDM was always 0.07 lower than that in NIDDM given various FBG concentrations. Those patients whose RQ values were less than 0.7, indicating ketone body production, included 8 (44%) IDDM and 2 (11%) NIDDM patients. These results may explain the relatively greater manifestation of ketoacidosis in IDDM.
New biomarker evidence of oxidative DNA damage in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Urinary 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) has been reported to serve as a sensitive biomarker of oxidative DNA damage and also of oxidative stress. We have investigated oxidative DNA damage in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) by urinary 8-OHdG assessments. We determined the total urinary excretion of 8-OHdG from 24 h urine samples of 81 NIDDM patients 9 years after the initial diagnosis and of 100 non-diabetic control subjects matched for age and gender. The total 24 h urinary excretion of 8-OHdG was markedly higher in NIDDM patients than in control subjects (68.2 +/- 39.4 microg vs. 49.6 +/- 37.7 microg, P = 0.001). High glycosylated hemoglobin was associated with a high level of urinary 8-OHdG. The increased excretion of urinary 8-OHdG is seen as indicating an increased systemic level of oxidative DNA damage in NIDDM patients.
Dodecanedioic acid infusion induces a sparing effect on whole-body glucose uptake, mainly in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Even-numbered dicarboxylic acids (DA) have been proposed as an alternative fuel substrate in parenteral nutrition. In particular, dodecanedioic acid (C12) shows a rapid plasma clearance from tissues, a very low urinary excretion compared with other DA and a high oxidation rate. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of C12 infusion on insulin-stimulated glucose uptake in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) compared with healthy volunteers. A primed-constant infusion of C12 (0.39 mmol/min) was administered over 240 min, and at 120 min a 2 h euglycaemic hyperinsulinaemic clamp was performed. Blood specimens were sampled every 30 min and fractioned urines were collected over 24 h. The levels of C12 were measured by HPLC. Indirect calorimetry was performed continuously during the entire session. Body composition was assessed in all subjects studied to obtain fat-free mass (FFM) values. Whole-body glucose uptake decreased significantly during C12 infusion in both groups, although this effect was much more evident (P < 0.01) in NIDDM patients (52.4 (SD 15.8) % decrease compared with saline) than in controls (25.9 (SD 12.1) % decrease). The M value (mumol/kgFFM per min) was reduced by C12 to lower levels in NIDDM patients than in normal controls (12.6 (SD 3.9) v. 25.9 (SD 4.5), P < 0.01). Urinary excretion of C12 over 24 h was significantly lower in NIDDM patients than in controls (4.26 (SD 0.30) mmol v. 5.43 (SD 0.48), P < 0.01), corresponding to less than 3% of the administered dose. The infusion of C12 decreased non-protein RQ significantly in both groups of patients. In conclusion, this study shows, for the first time, that C12 significantly reduces glucose uptake in both normal controls and NIDDM patients, although this sparing effect on glucose uptake is much more pronounced in diabetic patients. These data suggest that C12 decreases glucose uptake and oxidation, mainly through a mechanism of substrate competition. Thus, it might be a useful alternative substrate in enteral or parenteral nutrition, sparing glucose utilization and increasing glycogen stores, in those clinical conditions, like NIDDM, where reduced insulin-induced glucose uptake and oxidation are observed.
Ketoacidosis in Apache Indians with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Although more classically associated with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) can occur in some patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). To better define the clinical features that may be associated with ketoacidosis in patients with NIDDM, we reviewed the medical histories of Apache Indians with NIDDM who had been treated for an episode of DKA., METHODS: Cases of ketoacidosis among patients with NIDDM were identified at 2 separate Apache Indian reservations. Chart data were used to confirm and characterize the diagnosis of NIDDM, the metabolic disturbances associated with DKA, and the historical features of the patients., RESULTS: Among 724 patients with NIDDM, 17 patients experiencing at least 1 episode of DKA were identified. The mean (+/-SD) age at the time of the episode was 40.8 +/- 13.9 years. The patients were predominantly male (15[88%]), with a mean (+/-SD) body mass index (calculated as the weight in kilograms divided by the square of the height in meters) of 24.9 +/- 4.4 kg/m2. Causes of DKA included infections (8[47%]) and omission of treatment (3/15[20%]). Concurrent abuse of alcohol was noted in 4 (27%) of the patients. In addition, a lifetime history of alcohol abuse was noted in 15 (94%) of 16 patients., CONCLUSIONS: This report confirms the growing recognition that DKA occurs in some patients with NIDDM. The present study also adds male sex, alcohol abuse, and relatively low body mass index as clinical factors that may play a role in the development of DKA in this setting.
Anserine bursitis and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the relationship between non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), knee pain, and anserine bursitis, and its relation to sex, age, or body mass index (BMI)., METHODS: Ninety-four consecutive patients with NIDDM, 66 women and 28 men, and 57 nondiabetic patients, 36 women and 22 men, were examined at an outpatient clinic of a tertiary care hospital. Date of onset in patients with NIDDM was noted, and serum was analyzed for either hemoglobin A1C (HbA1C) or glycosylated hemoglobin (GHb) in 69 of these patients. Anserine bursitis was diagnosed if knee pain and tenderness at the bursal site were found on examination., RESULTS: On examination 34 (36%) patients with NIDDM were found to have anserine bursitis. Of these, 31 (91%) were women and 3 (9%) were men (p < 0.05). Age, BMI, duration of diabetes, HbA1C or GHb, and age of onset of diabetes were found not to differ significantly between patients with and those without anserine bursitis., CONCLUSION: A relationship exists between NIDDM, knee pain, and anserine bursitis unrelated to age, BMI, duration and control of diabetes, and age at the diagnosis of diabetes.
Analysis of the glucokinase gene in Mexican families displaying early-onset non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus including MODY families.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is the most common form of diabetes, affecting 5% of the general population. Genetic factors play an important role in the development of the disease. While in other populations NIDDM is usually diagnosed after the fifth decade of life, in Mexico a large proportion of patients develop the disease at an early age (between the third and the fourth decade). In Caucasian population, mutations in the glucokinase gene, the TCF1, and TCF14 genes, have been identified in a subgroup of early-onset NIDDM patients denominated MODY (maturity-onset diabetes of the young), which show an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance. As a first step in the molecular characterization of Mexican families displaying early-onset NIDDM we searched for mutations in the glucokinase gene through SSCP analysis and/or direct sequencing in 26 individuals from 22 independent families, where at least four can be classified as MODY. No mutations were detected in the exons or the intron-exon boundaries of the gene in any of the screened individuals. The phenotype and clinical profile of some of the studied patients is compatible with that of patients carrying mutations in the TCF1 or TCF14 genes, while others may carry mutations in different loci. Through computer simulation analysis we identified at least four informative families which will be used for further linkage studies.
Cardiovascular risk factors prior to the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in persons with impaired glucose tolerance: the Hoorn Study.; The aim of the study was to analyze cardiovascular risk factors as predictors for developing non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in people with impaired glucose tolerance. A cross-sectional survey of glucose tolerance was conducted in people, aged 50-74, who were randomly selected from the registry of the middle-sized town Hoorn (The Netherlands). Based on the mean values of two oral glucose tolerance tests, people were classified in glucose tolerance categories according to the WHO criteria. The mean follow-up time was 36 months (range 13-55 months). The cumulative incidence of NIDDM was 34% (95% CI 16.9-45.1). In multiple logistic regression analysis, cardiovascular risk factors at baseline did not predict the conversion from impaired glucose tolerance to NIDDM, in contrast with the two-hour plasma glucose level (odds ratio 3.56, p < 0.001) and the fasting proinsulin level, as one of the determinants of beta-cell dysfunction (Odds ratio 2.1, p < 0.05). The baseline HDL-cholesterol level, one of the components of the insulin resistance syndrome, was associated with the conversion from impaired glucose tolerance to normal glucose tolerance (Odds ratio 1.58, p < 0.05). The results of our study seem to support the hypothesis that conversion from impaired glucose tolerance to normal glucose tolerance depends on insulin resistance and the development of NIDDM from impaired glucose tolerance depends on beta-cell dysfunction.
Inhibition of endosomal acidification in normal cells mimics the derangements of cellular insulin and insulin-receptor metabolism observed in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Dissociation of the insulin-insulin receptor complex plays a crucial role in the processing of both insulin and the insulin receptor, and the acidification of endocytic vesicles may be the mechanism by which internalized insulin is dissociated from its receptor and properly sorted and processed. Internalized insulin-insulin receptor complexes are abnormally processed in cells from patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Accordingly, to further investigate the mechanisms of the derangements observed in NIDDM cells, we examined the effects of the ionophore monensin, which inhibits endosomal acidification, on the cellular processing of insulin and insulin receptor in monocytes from control subjects (n = 12) and NIDDM patients (n = 14). This study confirms that monocytes from NIDDM patients, compared with cells from normal controls, had reduced binding (P < .01), internalization (P < .01), and degradation (P < .01) of insulin. In addition, the release of intracellular radioactivity was slower (P < .01), and recycling of the insulin receptor was inhibited (P < .01). Moreover, these defects were associated with a significant (P < .01) decrease of dissociation of the internalized insulin-insulin receptor complex. In cells from normal controls, incubation with monensin decreased insulin binding (P < .01), but not insulin internalization. High-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) analysis of intracellular radioactivity showed that after monensin intracellular intact insulin significantly increased (P < .01), thus suggesting a decrease of intracellular insulin degradation. Moreover, insulin receptor recycling was completely disrupted. All of these derangements were associated with a significant decrease (P < .01) of dissociation of insulin-insulin receptor complexes. On the contrary, in diabetic monocytes, monensin had no significant additional effect on NIDDM-linked alterations. Comparison of the results obtained in cells from NIDDM patients to those found in monensin-treated normal cells demonstrates that NIDDM and monensin gave rise to a superimposable impairment of dissociation of the intracellular insulin-insulin receptor complex, associated with similar abnormal sorting and processing of insulin and its receptor. The only defect present in NIDDM cells but not in monensin-treated cells is the decrease of insulin internalization, which thus seems independent of the action of monensin on the processing of internalized insulin-insulin receptor complex. These results suggest that the impairment of dissociation of the insulin-insulin receptor complex may play a crucial role in the subsequent altered processing of insulin and insulin receptor. Moreover, they raise the question as to a possible similar alteration of the same intracellular mechanism by NIDDM and monensin, and point out that the derangements found in cells from NIDDM patients could be localized within the endosomal apparatus and consist mainly of a defective acidification of its interior.
Serum N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase activity in a genetic rat model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Serum N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase activity (NAG) is a possible predictor of vascular injury in hypertension. We assessed whether the activity of this enzyme reflects vascular damage in a genetic rat model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in humans. Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rats fed a regular chow were treated with the angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor imidapril for 16 wk. Systolic blood pressure increased in a time-dependent manner in the untreated OLETF rats as compared with that in the control Long-Evans Tokushima (LET) rats. The blood pressure elevation was associated with increases in cardiac and aortic weight. Imidapril treatment significantly attenuated the blood pressure elevation and reduced the increases in cardiac and aortic weight. The untreated OLETF rats had higher plasma glucose and insulin concentrations than did the LET rats and presented with glucosuria at the age of 22 wk. Imidapril treatment strikingly decreased plasma glucose levels and the glucosuria. Plasma insulin concentrations decreased, approaching those of the non-diabetic control LET rats. ACE inhibitor treatment attenuated the nodular lesions in the glomeruli of OLETF rats and improved the kidney function. Serum NAG activity increased significantly by 35% in the untreated rats; this increase was attenuated significantly by imidapril treatment. The reduction in serum NAG activity correlated with improvement in cardiovascular injury. In contrast, there were no changes in urinary NAG excretion in the three OLETF rat groups. In addition, NAG excretion did not correlate with indices of cardiovascular injury. These data suggest that serum NAG activity is useful in predicting injury in the cardiovascular system in rats with diabetes mellitus.
Long-term instability of fasting plasma glucose, a novel predictor of cardiovascular mortality in elderly patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: the Verona Diabetes Study.; BACKGROUND: We recently reported that long-term fasting plasma glucose (FPG) instability predicts all-cause mortality in elderly patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The aim of the present study was to evaluate whether glucose instability, as represented by the coefficient of variation of FPG concentrations (CV-FPG) measured during a 3-year period, can predict specific causes of death in the subsequent 5 years., METHODS AND RESULTS: Five hundred sixty-six elderly patients with NIDDM were followed up for 5 years to assess mortality and causes of death. All FPG determinations of the 3 years preceding the follow-up available in the clinical records were collected and analyzed. Patients were grouped in tertiles of mean FPG, CV-FPG, and the slope of FPG. These parameters of glucose control, as well as sex, age, duration of diabetes, insulin treatment, cigarette smoking, hypertension, and total cholesterol, were included in a multivariate analysis of mortality. During the follow-up, 63 men and 128 women died. Diabetes- and malignancy-related mortality were not independently associated with any parameter of glucose control, whereas cardiovascular-related mortality was independently associated with CV-FPG (P=.007) but not with the mean or the slope of FPG. In particular, the relative risk of cardiovascular mortality in subjects in tertile III versus tertile I of CV-FPG was 2.40 (95% CI, 1.28 to 4.53)., CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that FPG instability is a predictor of cardiovascular-related mortality in elderly patients with NIDDM and suggest that glucose stability might be a goal in the management of these patients.
Insertion/deletion polymorphism of the angiotensin I-converting enzyme gene in patients with hypertension, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and coronary heart disease in Taiwan.; An insertion/deletion (I/D) polymorphism of the angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE) gene has been identified that determines most of the plasma ACE activity genetically. Association of the D allele with insulin sensitivity and of the D/D genotype with coronary heart disease (CHD) has been reported in various ethnic populations. To study the role of this genetic polymorphism in patients with hypertension, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and NIDDM with CHD in a Taiwanese population, we used a polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-based genotyping technique with an insertion-specific primer for confirmation of the I allele. One hundred ninety-seven unrelated normal controls, 67 subjects with hypertension, 107 subjects with NIDDM, and 70 subjects with NIDDM and CHD were recruited for this study; all were Han Chinese. Subjects without a history of diabetes were studied by a standard 75-g oral glucose tolerance test. Hypertension was diagnosed according to the Fifth Joint National Committee criteria, and CHD was confirmed by a history of acute myocardial infarction and coronary angiographic intervention. The frequency of the I allele of the ACE gene in the normal population was 64.2%, which was higher than reported in white populations. The prevalence of the I allele of the ACE gene was not significantly increased in subjects with hypertension (73.1%), NIDDM (62.1%), and NIDDM with CHD (65%) compared with healthy controls. The I allele of the ACE gene did not correlate with demographic and metabolic variables. I/D polymorphism of the ACE gene is not a marker for hypertension, NIDDM, or CHD in this Taiwanese population.
Knowledge and misconceptions about the food label among women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Women on restricted diets are reportedly among the most frequent readers of nutrition information on food labels. However, the specific label information that women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) comprehend and use has not been determined. The purpose of this study was to explore the attitude toward, use, and knowledge of information on the food label among rural women with NIDDM age 40 to 60 years. Focus groups and in-depth interviews were conducted. Participants reported that they referred to the nutrition information on the label when grocery shopping and preferred the newly revised format. Yet, comprehension of the terms and percentages on the label was poor (eg, the majority of participants could not explain the difference between total carbohydrate and sugars). Misconceptions also were noted about nutrients listed on the label and the percent daily value. Further education is needed to help people with NIDDM understand and apply the nutrition information on food labels to meet their individual needs.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and depression in a middle-aged Finnish population.; A hypothesis of a psychosocial origin of depression in diabetic persons (mainly patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, NIDDM) was tested. The population consisted of all the 1008 persons born in 1935 and living in a Finnish city (Oulu) on 1 October 1990. Data were collected in two phases. A screening for NIDDM and a collection of back ground data were carried out in the first phase. Oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) were performed in the second phase in order to detect those with previously undiagnosed NIDDM, and depressive symptoms were measured with the Zung Self-Rating Depression Scale (ZSDS). Participants who scored 45 raw sum points or more were considered as suffering from depression. All those who were aware of their diabetes before the second phase were considered as previously diagnosed diabetics. Depression (raw sum score 45 points or more on the ZSDS) was associated with previously diagnosed diabetes mellitus, while it was not associated with undiagnosed diabetes. The sum scores on the ZSDS did not differ significantly from each other in the groups classified according to diabetic status. This finding was explained by the sum score of the ZSDS among the previously diagnosed diabetics, which had a skewed distribution towards higher sum scores. Among the previously diagnosed diabetic patients, all those who were depressed were on sick leave or retired, while the corresponding proportion for non-depressed patients was 52% (P = 0.009). The number of diagnosed diseases was higher among the former than the latter group (P = 0.025). Severe depressive symptoms were not associated with a more serious metabolic disease, but they tended to be associated with a great number of diagnosed diseases and with being on sick leave or retired. The results showed that the impact of diabetes mellitus itself on depression was not strong. Depression was not connected to elevated fasting blood glucose levels, but instead to a great number of diagnosed diseases and unfavourable social factors, such as being on sick leave or retired, which suggests a psychosocial origin of depression in NIDDM patients.
Zinc metabolism in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Low plasma zinc concentrations and increased zinc excretion have been reported in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). This study was designed to compare zinc metabolism in ten NIDDM patients with ten healthy controls, using stable isotopes of zinc. Zinc absorption from a standard breakfast labelled extrinsically with 3 mg 67Zn was measured using a fecal monitoring technique and thermal ionization quadrupole mass spectrometry. One hour after the test meal each volunteer was given 0.5 mg 70Zn (as citrate) intravenously and blood samples taken at intervals for up to 6 days. Isotopic enrichment was measured and the data entered into a simple kinetic model to estimate the size and rate of turnover of exchangeable pools of zinc. Urinary zinc excretion was higher in the male diabetics than controls (p < 0.05), but not in females. Since the efficiency of absorption and endogenous losses of zinc were very variable between individuals, and there was only a limited amount of data, it was not possible to draw conclusion about the effect of NIDDM on zinc absorption and excretion. However, the fact that there were no differences in exchangeable zinc pool sizes suggests that zinc metabolism is not altered in NIDDM.
Polymorphism of the glucagon receptor gene and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the Russian population.; Recently, a missense mutation in the glucagon receptor (GCG-R) gene causing a Gly to Ser change at codon 40 (Gly40Ser) has been associated and linked with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We screened 150 unrelated NIDDM patients and 109 non-diabetic subjects for the presence of the Gly40Ser polymorphism by use of polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism in the Russian population. None of the NIDDM patients showed this polymorphism. In contrast, two of the control subjects were heterozygous carriers of the polymorphism. Both were healthy females without a family history of diabetes. The body mass index, age, and 2-h blood glucose levels of the two subjects with the polymorphism were similar to those of the control subjects homozygous for the wild-type. Our results suggest that Gly40Ser polymorphism of the GCG-R gene is not associated with NIDDM in the Russian population and point to the genetic heterogeneity of NIDDM in different ethnic groups.
Increased soluble fibrin monomer and soluble thrombomodulin levels in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We measured the plasma levels of fibrinogen, D-dimer, thrombin-antithrombin complex (TAT), plasmin-plasmin inhibitor complex (PPIC), soluble fibrin monomer (SFM), tissue-type plasminogen activator (t-PA) and thrombomodulin (TM) in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). There were no significant differences in the hemostatic parameters between the 77 patients with NIDDM and healthy control subjects, although the plasma levels of fibrinogen, D-dimer, TAT, and PPIC in the NIDDM patients were slightly higher than those in the healthy controls. Among the NIDDM patients divided into three groups by the urinary albumin excretion (UAE) level, there was no significant difference in age or sex among the normo-, micro-, and macroalbuminuria groups, and the HbA1C level in the micro- and macroalbuminuria groups were slightly higher than those in the normoalbuminuria group. There was no significant difference in activated partial thromboplastin time, prothrombin time, fibrinogen, TAT, PPIC, D-dimer, or t-PA among these three groups. The plasma SFM and TM levels in the macroalbuminuria group were significantly higher than those in the normo- and microalbuminuria groups. The relationships between HbA1C and the hemostatic parameters were poor, but the plasma TM and SFM levels were significantly correlated with the urine albumin index.
Effect of acarbose on glucose intolerance in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We evaluated the effect of acarbose, an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor, on glucose intolerance in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Acarbose was given orally (300 mg/day) for 24 weeks to 20 NIDDM patients. Data in an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were evaluated before and after 24 weeks of treatment using principal component analysis. Acarbose administration significantly reduced the postprandial plasma glucose level over 24 weeks of treatment. Principal component analysis suggested that the patients were separated into responders and non-responders. There was a significant improvement of fasting and postprandial glucose levels after 12 and 24 weeks in the responders, but not in the non-responders. Plasma glucose level following the OGTT improved significantly after 24 weeks of treatment in the responders (Hotelling T2 value = 47.098, P = 0.022500), but not in the non-responders. The immunoreactive insulin level did not change in either group. Results thus suggest that acarbose improved insulin resistance in some patients with NIDDM (responders as classified by principal component analysis).
Will older sedentary people with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus start exercising? A health promotion model.; Exercise and diet are the cornerstones of management of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Many older people have difficulty in exercising, missing benefits on glycaemic control, weight, cardiac disease and mood. We report the outcomes of a 6 month structured exercise and support programme based on a health promotion model, on physical activity, glycaemic control and parameters of cardiovascular risk in non-exercisers, compared with standard outpatient clinic education. A total of 26 non-exercising patients were randomised to an intervention or control group (ten men, 16 women; mean age (+/- S.D.) 60 +/- 8 years). Programme participation was not associated with any significant increase in activity. Glycated hemoglobin (HbAtc) levels tended to stabilise in the intervention group during the 6 month programme and to deteriorate in the control group (P = 0.03); by 12 months HbA1C levels deteriorated to a similar level in both. Programme participation did not cause significant change in anthropometric or metabolic parameters. Examining the cohort as a whole, increased activity over 6 months was associated with improvements in weight, body mass index (BMI), body fat and fasting insulin. Activity increases over 12 months were associated with improvements in weight and BMI. These changes could not be attributed to changes in energy intake or dietary composition. We conclude that while exercise can benefit older people with NIDDM, a programme based on a model of health promotion was not effective in increasing physical activity.
Raised erythrocyte polyamine levels in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with great vessel disease and albuminuria.; Erythrocyte content of polyamines has been previously found increased in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with microalbuminuria. Since increased urinary albumin excretion (AER) is associated with the presence of vascular diseases in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) the aim of this study was to verify the hypothesis that the presence of increased urinary albumin excretion (AER), and of macroangiopathy in NIDDM would be related to a significant modification in polyamine erythrocyte levels. The erythrocyte content of spermine and spermidine was measured by a HPLC method in 39 patients affected with NIDDM and in 24 age- and sex-matched healthy control subjects, evaluating the relationship between erythrocyte polyamines of NIDDM patients with the presence of macroangiopathy as well as with retinopathy or increased AER (> or = 20 micrograms/ml). Both spermidine and spermine were not modified in the group of NIDDM patients while the presence of raised urinary AER was characterised by an increase in erythrocyte spermine (11 +/- 1.7 vs. 7.7 +/- 1.7 nmol/ml packed erythrocytes; P = 0.04) and spermidine (18.9 +/- 1.7 vs. 12.6 +/- 1.5 nmol/ml packed erythrocytes; P = 0.02), being both polyamines significantly related to AER and to metabolic control. Erythrocyte spermidine and spermine were moreover significantly higher in the group of patients with macroangiopathy (22.8 +/- 1.5 vs. 12.3 +/- 1.5 nmol/ml; P = 0.0001 and 11.5 +/- 1.7 vs. 7.8 +/- 1.7 nmol/l packed erythrocytes; P = 0.04) and being, moreover, erythrocyte spermidine augmented in patients with retinopathy (24.2 +/- 1.5 vs. 12.2 +/- 1.5 nmol/ml packed erythrocytes; P = 0.009). In conclusion the levels of erythrocyte spermine and spermidine are both associated with the presence of albuminuria and macroangiopathy in NIDDM, while spermidine is on the average increased in the group of diabetic patients with retinopathy.
Vascular damage and not hypertension per se influences endothelin-1 plasma levels in patients with non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Several reports indicate higher endothelin-1 (ET-1) levels in patients with non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), although this finding has not been confirmed by other studies. The discrepancy may be partially explained by the frequent coexistence in NIDDM patients of other pathologies, such as essential hypertension, and by the presence of diabetic vascular complications or renal failure, able, per se, to increase ET-1 circulating levels. This study aimed to evaluate the influence of arterial hypertension and/or of diabetic angiopathy on ET-1 circulating levels in a group of NIDDM patients. We measured ET-1 plasma concentrations in three groups of subjects: a) 22 NIDDM patients with or without hypertension and with or without vascular complications; b) 11 hypertensive patients; c) 14 age-matched healthy volunteers. Plasma ET-1 concentrations were significantly higher in NIDDM patients with angiopathy (7.3 +/- 0.7 pg/ml, mean +/- Standard Error; p < 0.001) than diabetics without angiopathy (4.4 +/- 0.53 pg/ml), hypertensive patients (4.7 +/- 0.85 pg/ml) and healthy subjects (3.1 +/- 0.19 pg/ml). This report indicates that increased plasma ET-1 levels in NIDDM patients may be ascribed only to those with vascular compliances, while hypertension, per se, does not affect ET-1 plasma levels in these patients.
Vitamin E/lipid peroxide ratio and susceptibility of LDL to oxidative modification in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The presence of conventional risk factors cannot sufficiently account for the excess risk of atherosclerosis in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Oxidative modification of LDL has been implicated in the pathogenesis of coronary atherosclerosis. Thirty-five patients with NIDDM, 20 nondiabetic, hypertriglyceridemic subjects (HTG-control), and 21 diabetic, normotriglyceridemic subjects (NTG-control) were enrolled in this study. Oxidative susceptibility of LDL was determined by monitoring formation of conjugated dienes. Mean lag time of LDL oxidation and vitamin E/lipid peroxide of LDL was lower in patients with NIDDM (43.2 +/- 3.9 minutes and 1.6 +/- 1.3) than in HTG-control (48.8 +/- 3.2 minutes and 2.3 +/- 1.2, respectively) and NTG-control subjects (54.2 +/- 6.1 minutes and 3.0 +/- 1.8, respectively). Mean LDL particle size in patients with NIDDM and HTG-control subjects (24.4 +/- 0.9 and 24.7 +/- 0.7 nm, respectively) was smaller than in NTG-control subjects (25.9 +/- 1.0 nm). Multiple stepwise regression analyses ascertained that the vitamin. E/lipid peroxide of LDL is a major determinant of LDL oxidation lag time. These results suggest that LDL in patients with NIDDM is more susceptible to oxidative modification primarily because of a reduced level of vitamin E/lipid peroxide of LDL. The enhanced susceptibility of LDL to oxidation may be a pivotal factor underlying the increased incidence of vascular disease in patients with NIDDM.
Intact insulin stimulation of skeletal muscle blood flow, its heterogeneity and redistribution, but not of glucose uptake in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We tested the hypothesis that defects in insulin stimulation of skeletal muscle blood flow, flow dispersion, and coupling between flow and glucose uptake contribute to insulin resistance of glucose uptake in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We used positron emission tomography combined with [15O]H2O and [18F]-2-deoxy--glucose and a Bayesian iterative reconstruction algorithm to quantitate mean muscle blood flow, flow heterogeneity, and their relationship to glucose uptake under normoglycemic hyperinsulinemic conditions in 10 men with NIDDM (HbA1c 8.1+/-0.5%, age 43+/-2 yr, BMI 27.3+/-0.7 kg/m2) and in 7 matched normal men. In patients with NIDDM, rates of whole body (35+/-3 vs. 44+/-3 micromol/kg body weight.min, P < 0.05) and femoral muscle (71+/-6 vs. 96+/-7 micromol/kg muscle.min, P < 0.02) glucose uptake were significantly decreased. Insulin increased mean muscle blood flow similarly in both groups, from 1.9+/-0.3 to 2.8+/-0.4 ml/100 g muscle.min in the patients with NIDDM, P < 0.01, and from 2.3+/-0.3 to 3.0+/-0.3 ml/100 g muscle.min in the normal subjects, P < 0.02. Pixel-by-pixel analysis of flow images revealed marked spatial heterogeneity of blood flow. In both groups, insulin increased absolute but not relative dispersion of flow, and insulin-stimulated but not basal blood flow colocalized with glucose uptake. These data provide the first evidence for physiological flow heterogeneity in human skeletal muscle, and demonstrate that insulin increases absolute but not relative dispersion of flow. Furthermore, insulin redirects flow to areas where it stimulates glucose uptake. In patients with NIDDM, these novel actions of insulin are intact, implying that muscle insulin resistance can be attributed to impaired cellular glucose uptake.
Angiotensin I-converting enzyme and angiotensinogen gene polymorphisms in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Lack of relationship with diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy in a Caucasian Mediterranean population.; Genotypic abnormalities of the renin-angiotensin system have been suggested as a risk factor for the development of microangiopathic complications in diabetic patients. We studied the relationship of either an insertion-deletion polymorphism in the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) gene and the M235T and T174M variant polymorphisms of the angiotensinogen (AGT) gene in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients and its relationship with cardiovascular complications. A total of 193 NIDDM patients (89 men and 104 women aged 59.2 +/- 10.0 years; diabetes duration, 13.2 +/- 6.2 years) and 90 control subjects (42 men and 48 women aged 45.4 +/- 12.6 years) were recruited for the association study. Distribution of the genotype or allelic frequencies for all the studied polymorphisms did not differ significantly between controls and NIDDM patients. ACE and AGT genes did not display any difference in clinical or metabolic parameters according to each gene's genotype for either the control or the NIDDM group. For evaluation of nephropathy and retinopathy, NIDDM patients were matched with subjects not having microangiopathic complications. Thus, a total of 60 patients had diabetic nephropathy and were compared with 100 patients with normoalbuminuria. Sixty-eight NIDDM patients had diabetic retinopathy, and 92 patients presented no signs of retinopathy. There were no differences in genotypic or allelic distribution between NIDDM patients for either the presence or absence of retinopathy or nephropathy. We conclude that the ACE and AGT polymorphisms do not contribute to the genetic susceptibility to diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy in a caucasian Mediterranean population.
Increased intracellular calcium and altered phorbol dibutyrate binding to intact platelets in young subjects with insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Intracellular calcium ([Ca2+]i) and phorbol ester binding were studied in intact platelets of young patients with insulin-dependent (IDDM) and non-insulin-dependent (NIDDM) diabetes mellitus. Our objective was to evaluate disturbances in calcium regulation and signal transduction in platelets of diabetics. [Ca2+]i in platelets of the IDDM group (135 +/- 20 nmol/L) under basal conditions was significantly higher than that of the control group (81 +/- 8 nmol/L, P = .019), whereas at 60 seconds after stimulation with 0.1 National Institutes of Health (NIH) U/mL thrombin, [Ca2+]i in the NIDDM group (484 +/- 36 nmol/L) was significantly higher than that of the controls (347 +/- 22 nmol/L, P = .003) and IDDM group (360 +/- 45 nmol/L, P = .04), respectively. Phorbol 12,13-dibutyrate (PdBu) maximal binding capacity (Bmax) in the IDDM group was significantly lower than that in the control group either under basal conditions or after stimulation with thrombin (P = .0034 and P = .015, respectively). Bmax in the NIDDM group was significantly lower than that in the controls only after stimulation with thrombin (P = .047). The Kd for PdBu of the IDDM group was lower than that of the control group under basal conditions (P = .017). When analyzing the pooled data of all subjects, a significant correlation was observed between Bmax and Kd (under basal conditions, r = .544, P < .0001; after stimulation, r = .601, P < .0001). Our results support the idea that the increased affinity for PdBu may compensate for the decreased binding capacity. We interpret the data as indicating that the change in the binding of phorbol ester to protein kinase C (PKC) units may result in an altered PKC/calcium interaction in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus. Our study indicates that such metabolic derangements of [Ca2+]i have already been developing in young diabetic patients.
Breastfeeding and incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Pima Indians.; BACKGROUND: Early exposure to cow's milk has been implicated in the occurrence of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus but there is little information about infant-feeding practices and subsequent non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We examined the association between breastfeeding and NIDDM in a population with a high prevalence of this disorder, the Pima Indians., METHODS: Glucose-tolerance status was obtained from a 75 g oral glucose-tolerance test. A standard questionnaire given to mothers was used to classify infant-feeding practices for the first 2 months of life into three groups; exclusively breastfed, some breastfeeding, or exclusively bottlefed. The association between the three infant-feeding groups and NIDDM was analysed by multiple logistic regression., FINDINGS: Data were available for 720 Pima Indians aged between 10 and 39 years. 325 people who were exclusively bottlefed had significantly higher age-adjusted and sex-adjusted mean relative weights (146%) than 144 people who were exclusively breastfed (140%) or 251 people who had some breastfeeding (139%) (p = 0.019). People who were exclusively breastfed had significantly lower rates of NIDDM than those who were exclusively bottlefed in all age-groups (age 10-19, 0 of 56 vs 6 [3.6%] of 165; age 20-29, 5 [8.6%] of 58 vs 17 [14.7%] of 116]; age 30-39, 6 [20.0%] of 30 vs 13 [29.6%] of 44). The odds ratio for NIDDM in exclusively breastfed people, compared with those exclusively bottlefed, was 0.41 (95% CI 0.18-0.93) adjusted for age, sex, birthdate, parental diabetes, and birthweight., INTERPRETATION: Exclusive breastfeeding for the first 2 months of life is associated with a significantly lower rate of NIDDM in Pima indians. The increase in prevalence of diabetes in some populations may be due to the concomitant decrease in breastfeeding.
Resistance training in the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Aerobic endurance exercise has traditionally been advocated in the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). However, the effect of aerobic endurance exercise programs on long-term glycaemic control is small to moderate. The aim of the present study was to determine the effect of circuit resistance training on long-term glycaemic control (HbA1c) and to examine the potential association between muscle size and glycaemic control in NIDDM subjects. Eight NIDDM subjects participated in a 3 month individualized progressive resistance training program (moderate intensity, high-volume) twice a week with measurements of HbA1c, lipids, blood pressure, VO2max and thigh muscle cross-sectional area. There was a significant improvement in HbA1c (8.8% - 8.2%; p < 0.05). Muscle endurance increased by 32 +/- 23% (p < 0.05), and the cross-sectional area of m. vastus lateralis increased by 21% (p < 0.001). There was a strong inverse correlation between HbA1c and muscle cross-sectional area (knee extensors) after the exercise period (r = -0.73; p < 0.05). Circuit resistance training seems to be feasible in moderately obese, sedentary elderly NIDDM subjects and the inclusion of circuit resistance training in exercise training programs for NIDDM subjects should be considered.
Relationship between lipoprotein(a) phenotypes and albumin excretion rate in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: protective effect of 'null' phenotype?.; The possible association between lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] and albumin excretion rate (AER) is a topic that generates conflicting views. In addition, Lp(a) phenotypes have not previously been considered as factors influencing AER. In order to clarify this issue, we studied 70 non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients without clinically detectable macroangiopathy, 27 with microalbuminuria and 43 without it. Both groups were matched for the known variables that could influence AER and serum Lp(a) levels. Lp(a) was determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), and Lp(a) phenotypes were assessed by electrophoresis followed by immunoblotting. Lp(a) phenotypes were grouped as follows: 'small' (F, S1 and S2), 'big' (S3 and S4) and 'null'. The NIDDM patients with microalbuminuria presented higher serum Lp(a) concentrations than the patients without it [15.7 mg dL-1 (95% CI 0.5-36.5) vs. 4.5 mg dL-1 (95% CI 0.1-18.5); P < 0.001] and a direct correlation between Lp(a) and AER was observed (r = 0.34; P < 0.01). AER was significantly different when Lp(a) phenotypes were considered ['small': median 19 micrograms min-1 (range 1-195); 'big': median 9.5 micrograms min-1 (range 1-186); 'null': 4 micrograms min-1 (range 1-9); P = 0.04]. None of the NIDDM patients with a 'null' phenotype showed an AER of > 10 micrograms min-1. In conclusion, this case-control study provides evidence that microalbuminuria is associated with high serum Lp(a) in NIDDM without clinically detectable macroangiopathy. Furthermore, NIDDM patients with a 'null' phenotype could be considered at low risk for the development of microalbuminuria.
Effect of bezafibrate on hypercoagulability assessed by fluorogenic prothrombin time in hyperlipidemic patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We investigated the usefulness of the fluorogenic prothrombin time (FPT) for detection of hypercoagulability and its association with hyperlipidemia in 19 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 10 healthy control subjects, compared with plasma levels of fibrinogen, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) and D-dimer. We also evaluated the effect of bezafibrate on hypercoagulability in 10 hyperlipidemic NIDDM patients. The plasma levels of FPT and fibrinogen were significantly higher in hyperlipidemic NIDDM patients than in normolipidemic NIDDM patients and controls. Plasma levels of PAI-1 and D-dimer were significantly higher in normolipidemic and hyperlipidemic NIDDM patients compared with controls. The FPT was correlated with the HbA1c, the body mass index, and levels of total cholesterol, fibrinogen and PAI-1. Six-months therapy with bezafibrate reduced the levels of FPT, triglycerides and basal insulin, but did not alter levels of fibrinogen, PAI-1 and D-dimer. Our results showed that the FPT was useful for detection of hypercoagulability and evaluation of the effect of drugs. The increased FPT in patients with NIDDM suggested that hypercoagulability was present in association with hyperlipidemia.
Microalbuminuria in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus relates to nocturnal systolic blood pressure.; PURPOSE: Microalbuminuria predicts early mortality in non-insulin-dependent-diabetes mellitus patients (NIDDM). Our objective in the present study was to compare and assess the relationship between 24-hour, day and nocturnal ambulatory blood pressure (BP) and urinary albumin excretion rate (UAE) in microalbuminuric and normoalbuminuric NIDDM and in normal control subjects., PATIENTS AND METHODS: In the present cross-sectional study, 24 hour ambulatory BP (daytime BP and nocturnal BP) and HbA1c were compared in microalbuminuric (n = 10) and nonmicroalbuminuric NIDDM patients (n = 10) and in nondiabetic controls (n = 9). None of the patients were taking antihypertensive agents., RESULTS: In the microlbuminuric group, whereas 24 hour and daytime systolic BP differed significantly from control values (P < 0.025 and P < 0.05 respectively), there was no difference between diabetic groups. However, nocturnal systolic BP in the microalbuminuric group was significantly higher than in the normoalbuminuric diabetic patients (139 vs. 125) (P < 0.05) and a significant difference was also found between the NIDDM patients and the control group (139, 125 vs. 114) (P < 0.025). In multiple regression analysis, only nocturnal systolic BP showed a significant relationship with UAE (P < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: We suggest that the higher nocturnal systolic blood pressure seen in our microalbuminuric NIDDM patients may contribute to the increased morbidity in this group.
Low-molecular-weight acid phosphatase (ACP1), obesity, and blood lipid levels in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Low-molecular-weight acid phosphatase (ACP1) is a polymorphic protein-tyrosine phosphatase present in all human tissues, including adipocytes. A positive association between the low-activity ACP1*A/*A genotype and extreme body mass index has previously been shown by us in obese subjects from the population of Rome. We have now studied a sample of 265 subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) from another Italian population. There is a significant interaction between ACP1, body mass index, and blood lipid level. A highly significant positive association between ACP1*A/*A and high body mass index similar to that previously observed in obese subjects from the population of Rome is present only in those NIDDM subjects with blood lipid levels within the normal range. In NIDDM subjects the low-activity ACP1*A/*A variant seems to favor the increase of body mass or blood lipid levels or both. The pattern of association is independent of sex, age at survey, age at onset of diabetes, duration of disease, and therapy.
FR149175, a beta 3-adrenoceptor-selective agonist, is a possible therapeutic agent for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We examined whether FR149175 (ethyl-[(S)-8-[(R)-2-(3-chlorophenyl)-2-hydroxyethylamino]-6,7,8,9 - tetrahydro-5H-benzocyclohepten-2-yloxy]acetate monohydrochloride monohydrate), a selective agonist for the beta 3-adrenoceptor, is a possible therapeutic agent for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). FR149175 had hypoglycemic effects with an increase in the level of plasma insulin in normal rats. In Zucker fatty rats, an animal model of NIDDM, repeated administration of the drug improved hyperinsulinemia and showed a tendency to decrease the area under the curve (AUC) for plasma glucose levels in the glucose tolerance test. Moreover, FR149175 decreased plasma triglyceride, free fatty acid and total cholesterol levels in the rats. Body weight gain in the rat was suppressed by FR149175 as well. These results suggest that FR149175 has antiobesity and antidiabetic effects and that this drug may be useful for treating NIDDM.
Abnormal metabolism of type-IV collagen in normotensive non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.; The objective of this study was to investigate the serum level of the 7S domains of type-IV collagen [IVc(7S)] and its relations with microangiopathy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). This study comprised 73 patients with NIDDM that were consulted in our outpatient clinic. Among the 73 NIDDM patients, 43 with normal arterial pressure were selected to assess the relationship between serum levels of 7S collagen and microangiopathy. There was a significant relationship between the serum IVc(7S) levels and the presence of retinopathy and nephropathy. These findings suggest that an increased IVc (7S) concentration may reflect the abnormal collagen metabolism of the vascular basement membrane in NIDDM patients. Column chromatography of the NIDDM patients' sera revealed the heterogeneity of immunoreactive type-IV collagen (7S) and showed that these domains were composed mainly of degradation products of type-IV collagen. These data suggest that degradation of IVc is accelerated in the vascular basement membrane of NIDDM patients.
Pharmacokinetics of oral glyburide in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and renal failure.; To test the hypothesis that renal failure has no effect on the pharmacokinetics of glyburide, five subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and end-stage renal disease requiring hemodialysis, and four NIDDM subjects with normal renal function were studied. On days 0, 1, and 15, subjects consumed 33 carbohydrate grams, and glucose, insulin, and C-peptide were measured for 4 hours. On day 1, subjects received 3 mg glyburide and measured plasma concentrations for 48 hours. On day 3, multiple dosing on 3 mg glyburide daily began. On day 15, plasma concentrations were measured for 48 hours. The pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of glyburide, glucose, insulin, and C-peptide were determined as well as daily fasting blood glucose. Glucose area under the curve (AUC) and daily fasting glucose levels did not change in either controls or hemodialysis subjects. The mean serum glyburide blood levels and pharmacokinetics did not differ after initial or chronic glyburide administration in NIDDM subjects with end-stage renal disease treated with hemodialysis compared with controls. Glyburide half-life averaged 3.3 hours in control subjects and 5.0 hours in hemodialysis subjects. Hemodialysis subjects had increased C-peptide and insulin AUC with chronic dosing. Renal failure does not affect the pharmacokinetics of 3.0 mg oral glyburide.
Impaired arterial but not venous responsiveness to nitroglycerin in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; In earlier studies, the response of the arterioles to nitroglycerin (NTG) was found to be impaired in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. NTG has major therapeutic effects in reducing cardiac after- and preload. Thus, the vasorelaxing efficacy of a therapeutic dose of 0-4 mg of NTG sublingually (s.l.) was evaluated in the conduit femoral artery and large veins of normotensive, normoalbuminuric NIDDM patients. After NTG, the increase in the femoral artery diameter was significantly lower in the NIDDM patients than in control subjects: 0.49 (0.29-0.79) vs. 0.75 (0.47-1.00) mm respectively (median, interquartile ranges). NTG resulted in an increase of pulse wave transit time in the aorta in control subjects but not in the NIDDM patients: from 64 (60-73) to 70 (63-80) ms, P < 0.02; and from 62 (53-69) to 66 (51-72) ms, P = NS, respectively. The reduction in the venous tone of the forearm to NTG was similar in both groups. These results suggest that the response to NTG is impaired in the arterial system but not in the venous system in well-regulated NIDDM patients without diabetic complications.
Anthropometrical antecedents of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus: an age and sex matched comparison study of anthropometric indices in schoolchildren from a high prevalence Port Moresby community.; Anthropometrical indices of 66 school children aged between 7 and 9 years from a community with a very high prevalence of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were compared with those of age and sex matched school children from two low prevalence communities. Two way analysis of variance indicated that case children of both sexes were significantly lighter (P < 0.001), shorter (P < 0.001) and had lower body mass indices (BMI) (P < 0.001) than their comparisons but had greater triceps skinfold thickness (TSFT) (P = 0.01). These differences may be a reflection of subtle changes in metabolism in children destined, without intervention, to develop NIDDM. Anthropometrical indices may therefore have a role to play in the prediction of future disease. Although not the prime objective of the study, an analysis of available birth weights indicated a lower mean birth weight for the cases than the controls (difference of means, 0.35 kg; 95% confidence intervals (CI95%). 0.13-0.57). This finding is consistent with the theory that impaired intrauterine growth may predispose to NIDDM.
Relationships among glomerular filtration rate, albuminuria, and autonomic nerve function in insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The associations among autonomic neuropathy, urinary albumin excretion, and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) measured with 51Cr-EDTA and iohexol clearance were studied in 41 patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and 15 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The study showed that increased urinary albumin excretion was more common in NIDDM than in IDDM. In contrast with IDDM, albuminuria in NIDDM was not related to GFR. Autonomic neuropathy was common in IDDM as well as in NIDDM, and also in patients without nephropathy, but was not connected with hyperfiltration. Low brake index, an ortostatic autonomic index, was associated with nephropathy in NIDDM. Iohexol, a non-ionic contrast medium, was found to be a useful alternative to 51Cr-EDTA for determination of GFR. Moreover, comparison between conventional four-sample plasma clearance and single-sample clearance showed a close correlation. Accordingly, assessment of GFR using a single plasma sample provides reliable results even at high GFR values.
Vitamin C intake and cardiovascular disease risk factors in persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. From the Insulin Resistance Atherosclerosis Study and the San Luis Valley Diabetes Study.; BACKGROUND: Persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease, partly due to concomitant worsening of traditional risk factors including dyslipidemia and hypertension. Based on evidence from small, controlled clinical trials, we hypothesized that increased intake of vitamin C would be associated with improved cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factor status among community-dwelling persons with NIDDM., METHODS: In separate but parallel statistical analyses, hypotheses were evaluated among persons with NIDDM confirmed by WHO criteria from the Insulin Resistance Atherosclerosis Study (IRAS, n = 520) and from the San Luis Valley Diabetes Study (SLVDS, n = 422). For IRAS, diet and vitamin supplement use was assessed by food frequency interview and for SLVDS, by 24-hr dietary recall interview., RESULTS: Mean vitamin C intake (mg/day) was 275 for IRAS and 133 for SLVDS, including supplements. In cross-sectional regression models from each data set, vitamin C intake was not associated with systolic or diastolic blood pressure nor with HDL-C, LDL-C, or triglycerides (P values > 0.10; adjusted for calories, demographic and lifestyle variables, obesity, diabetes duration, and medications). In prospective analyses including 285 SLVDS participants, baseline vitamin C intake was not related to any of these CVD risk factors measured an average of 4 years later nor to change in CVD risk factor status during the follow-up period., CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that, across a wide range of intake, vitamin C does not appear to be associated with improved CVD risk factor status among community-dwelling persons with diabetes.
Increased circulating leptin concentrations in insulin-resistant first-degree relatives of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: relationship to body composition and insulin sensitivity but not to family history of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To explore a possible association between serum concentration of leptin, insulin sensitivity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., DESIGN: Forty first-degree relatives of NIDDM patients and 35 control subjects matched for age, gender and body mass index underwent a hyperinsulinaemic (insulin infusion rate 0.6 mU/kg per min) euglycaemic clamp combined with indirect calorimetry. Serum leptin was measured in fasting blood samples obtained before the clamp., RESULTS: All subjects had a normal oral glucose tolerance test. Insulin-stimulated glucose uptake (M) was decreased in the relatives compared with the control subjects (4.58 +/- 0.27 versus 6.06 +/- 0.25 mg/kg per min, P < 0.001). Conversely, serum leptin was increased in the relatives (9.6 x/divided by 1.1 versus 6.1 x/divided by 1.2 ng/ml (geometric mean x/divided by antilog S.E.M.), P < 0.05). A positive correlation was observed between circulating levels of leptin and percentage body fat (P < 0.001) and inverse correlations were found between leptin, M (P < 0.01), maximal aerobic capacity (VO2 max) (P < 0.01), and energy expenditure (P < or = 0.01) in both groups. In multiple linear regression analysis, percentage body fat, gender and M significantly determined the level of leptin (r2 = 0.71, P < 0.001) whereas family history of NIDDM and VO2 max did not., CONCLUSION: Serum leptin is increased in insulin-resistant offspring of NIDDM patients. The association between leptin, anthropometric measures and insulin sensitivity is, however, comparable with that of a control group. The increased concentrations of serum leptin in the relatives appear to be associated with the insulin resistance, but not with a family history of NIDDM.
Exercise training in Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty rat, a model of spontaneous non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: effects on the B-cell mass, insulin content and fibrosis in the pancreas.; The effects of exercise on alterations in the amount of B-cell mass, insulin content and fibrous tissue present in the pancreas were examined for a diabetic state induced by a 70% pancreatectomy and a prediabetic state in Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rat, a model for the spontaneous development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The rats (5-weeks old) were trained either by a 6-week running program or sedentary controls, and at 6-weeks of age, received either a 70% pancreatectomy or a sham-pancreatectomy (sham). As in our previous report, persistent hyperglycemia was detected after surgery for both trained pancreatectomized (Px) and sedentary Px groups. In the nondiabetic sham rats, exercise training resulted in a significantly smaller increase in body weight and beneficial effects on the pancreas as reflected by an increase in pancreatic volume, accompanied by increases in B-cell mass and insulin content as well as less connective tissue in the pancreas compared with the sedentary nondiabetic sham rats. The effect was not sufficient to improve sustained hyperglycemia in the trained diabetic Px rats. This is probably due to a decreased capacity for B-cell proliferation in response to an increased demand for insulin. Although exercise failed to improve this inherent defect in B-cell proliferation, it ameliorated the further deterioration of the pancreas which occurred with hyperglycemia, and resulted in a higher quantity of insulin stored per milligram of B-cell mass (as function of B-cell mass) and less fibrosis in the pancreas, compared with the sedentary diabetic Px rats. The findings of the present study suggest that exercise training has a beneficial effect on the pancreas in the nondiabetic state, and also exerts some positive effects in the diabetic state in this model rat.
The day-to-day variation in insulin sensitivity in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients assessed by the hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp method.; The objective was to study the day-to-day variation in insulin sensitivity in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and to analyze within- and between-person variances in the glucose infusion rate during steady state (M value). Ten NIDDM patients attending the outpatient clinic at Aarhus Amtssygehus were studied three times under standardized conditions. Each time, a 120-minute hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp was performed. Similar M values were found on the 3 study days, with difference between M values on the 3 days of (mean +/- SD) 0.3 +/- 1.8 mg glucose/kg lean body mass (LBM)/min. The total coefficient of variation (CV) for M values was 57% after the first clamp, 55% after the second, and 53% after the third. Ninety percent of the total day-to-day variation in M values could be ascribed to between-person variation and 10% to within-person variation. Within-person components of variance included all sources of variation other than between-person variation. The within-person CV for M values was 11.9% +/- 7.2% after two clamp studies and 12.1% +/- 7.3% after three (P < .55). In conclusion, under standardized conditions, a valid estimate of insulin sensitivity assessed by the hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp in NIDDM patients is obtained after a single measurement. Because of large between-person variation, paired data should be used when comparing insulin sensitivity in NIDDM patients.
Insulin receptor substrate (IRS) 1 is reduced and IRS-2 is the main docking protein for phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase in adipocytes from subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The large docking protein IRS-1 is a major substrate for the insulin receptor and other tyrosine kinases. It plays a key role in eliciting many of insulin's actions, including binding and activation of phosphatidylinositol (PI) 3-kinase and the subsequent increase in glucose transport. Gene disruption of IRS-1 in mice is associated with an impaired insulin-stimulated glucose disposal in vivo and glucose transport in vitro, but the survival of the animals and residual insulin sensitivity is dependent on the presence of the alternative docking protein IRS-2. We examined the expression and function of IRS-1 and IRS-2 in adipocytes from healthy and diabetic individuals. Cells from subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), but not with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, had an impaired insulin effect and a marked reduction (70 +/- 6%) in the expression of IRS-1 protein, whereas IRS-2 was unchanged. In normal cells, IRS-1 was the main docking protein for the binding and activation of insulin-stimulated PI 3-kinase; IRS-2 was also functional but required a higher insulin concentration for a similar binding and activation of PI 3-kinase. In contrast in NIDDM cells with a low IRS-1 content, IRS-2 became the main docking protein. These findings may provide important reasons for the insulin resistance in NIDDM.
Cardiac 18F-FDG-SPET studies in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus during hyperinsulinaemic euglycaemic clamping.; Identification of viable myocardium is possible with 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG) and positron emission tomography (PET). More recently, the feasibility of cardiac FDG imaging with single photon emission tomography (SPET) has been reported. In patients with diabetes mellitus, poor image quality is frequently obtained with FDG-PET, due to relative or absolute insulin deficiency and peripheral insulin resistance. To improve image quality of the FDG-PET studies, the hyperinsulinaemic glucose clamp has been proposed. We assessed the image quality of cardiac FDG-SPET studies in 10 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and compared the results with those obtained in 10 patients without NIDDM. All FDG studies were performed during hyperinsulinaemic glucose clamping. Image quality was expressed as myocardial to blood pool activity (M/B) ratios. Residual viability was assessed in dysfunctional myocardium. The M/B ratios were comparable between patients with and without NIDDM (2.67 +/- 0.8 vs 2.50 +/- 0.7, N.S.). Residual viability was detected in 51% of the dysfunctional segments of the patients with NIDDM and in 49% of the segments of the patients without NIDDM. In the small subset of patients (n = 10) undergoing revascularization, 19 of 20 (95%) segments that had improved wall motion were viable on FDG-SPET. In contrast, 27 of 36 (75%) segments that did not improve were necrotic on FDG-SPET. Thus FDG-SPET during hyperinsulinaemic glucose clamping provides adequate image quality in patients with NIDDM compared with patients without NIDDM, and can be used in the detection of viable myocardium.
Vascular complications in relation to ethnicity in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of ethnicity on the development of diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy as markers for microvascular complications and of angina pectoris as a marker for macrovascular complications. We evaluated data from 1124 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) of Caucasian, Mongoloid, Asian, Armenian, Northern African and Negroid origin who were referred between January 1993 and December 1994. Logistic regression analyses showed that the occurrence of microvascular complications was significantly associated with duration of NIDDM. In addition, retinopathy was significantly associated with glycated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and nephropathy with triglycerides (P < 0.05 and P < < 0.001 respectively). Northern African origin was associated with retinopathy (P < 0.05) and Asian origin with nephropathy (P < 0.005). Macrovascular complication was associated with age and triglyceride level (P < 0.001 and P < 0.05 respectively). Northern African and Negroid ethnicity exclusively did not show a gradual increase in the risk for angina pectoris with increasing age. Moreover, a negative association between Northern African as well as Negroid ethnicity and macrovascular complication was observed (P = 0.05 and P < 0.05 respectively). In support of these observations, we found a favourable lipid profile in both mentioned groups. In summary, we have shown that, in patients with NIDDM, ethnicity is associated with macrovascular complications and duration of the disease with microvascular complications.
Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in Psammomys obesus is independent of changes in tissue fatty acid composition.; Recently it has been postulated that membrane fatty acid composition may be involved in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The aim of this study was to determine whether alterations in tissue phospholipid (PL) fatty acids are present in hyperglycemic and hyperinsulinemic Psammomys obesus. On a native diet of salt bush, P. obesus (Israeli sand rat) remains lean and free of diabetes; however, when placed on a normal laboratory chow, a significant proportion of these animals develops a number of metabolic disorders associated with NIDDM, providing an ideal animal model of obesity and NIDDM. Four groups of mature P. obesus were studied: group A: normoglycemic and normoinsulinemic; group B: normoglycemic and hyperinsulinemic; group C: hyperglycemic and hyperinsulinemic; and group D: hyperglycemic and hypoinsulinemic. In liver and red gastrocnemius muscle, there were no significant differences between groups A, B, and C in fatty acid composition of PL. Minor differences in individual fatty acids were demonstrated in group D animals (increased liver 20:4n-6 and increased muscle 22:5n-3); however, the unsaturation indices in liver and muscle were not significantly different between any of the groups. In considering that the minor changes in group D animals were not demonstrated in hyperinsulinemic group B animals or hyperglycemic, hyperinsulinemic group C animals, it is likely that the differences in group D animals were secondary to the more severe disturbances in glucose homeostasis and hypoinsulinemia present in these animals. The results of this study suggest that in this rodent diabetic model significant disturbances in glucose homeostasis and hyperinsulinemia may develop independently of changes in tissue fatty acid composition.
Effect of long-term treatment with complete Freund's adjuvant on KK-Ay mouse, a model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Nonspecific stimulation with immunoadjuvants significantly improves glucose tolerance in animal models for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). In this study, we observed the effect of long-term treatment with complete Freund's adjuvant (CFA) on serum factors and histology of various organs in KK-Ay mice with NIDDM. The mice were injected with CFA weekly or every 2 weeks for 12 weeks. Glucose tolerance was significantly improved in the CFA-treated mice throughout the experiment. At the end of the experiment, hypertriglyceridemia was significantly reduced, but serum total protein, glutamic pyruvic transaminase, creatinine, and nonfasting insulin levels were not changed by the treatment. Fatty change of the liver and index of glomerular lesions of the kidney were significantly inhibited in the CFA-treated mice, whereas the pancreatic islet morphology remained unchanged. No toxic effect was observed by the CFA treatment. These results imply that the novel treatment with CFA could control NIDDM and inhibit the development of diabetic glomerular lesions in KK-Ay mice.
[Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus: care in an area of Barcelona].; BACKGROUND: Most non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) care is provided at the primary care level. The aim of this study was to evaluate the recommendations of the European NIDDM Policy Group (ENPG) in a primary care setting in an urban area., PATIENTS AND METHODS: During 1994 clinical information concerning a group of patients attended in the primary care setting of an area of Barcelona city was recorded prospectively on a computerised information sheet., RESULTS: 483 patients were evaluated (age: 68.9 +/- 0.5 years; males: 43.3%; 13.1 +/- 0.4 years of NIDDM evolution), 303 treated without insulin and 180 with insulin. A 37.9% of patients never had carried out self-glucose monitoring and the patients with insulin practised it more frequently (p = 0.03). Levels of basal glycemia, HbA1c' total and HDL cholesterol, basal triglycerides and body mass index were poor in 65.8%, 57.3%, 25.2%, 48.2%, 20.7% and 59.6% of the patients, respectively. Retinopathy and microalbuminuria have never been screened in 32.9% and 95.4% of the patients, respectively: in both cases the situation was worst in those without insulin (p = 0.00 and p = 0.02, respectively). Amaurosis was present in 3.9% of patients, clinical neuropathy in 16.8%, clinical peripheral neuropathy in 19.0%, ischemic heart disease in 13.3%, lower limb amputations in 2.1% and a stroke history in 10.1%. All these complications and the level of HbA1c were higher in patients with insulin (p < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: The attainment of the recommendations of ENPG is scarce at the primary care level. Patients had insufficient blood glucose self-monitoring, metabolic control and screening for retinopathy and microalbuminuria.
Development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the double knockout mice with disruption of insulin receptor substrate-1 and beta cell glucokinase genes. Genetic reconstitution of diabetes as a polygenic disease.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is considered a polygenic disorder in which insulin resistance and insulin secretory defect are the major etiologic factors. Homozygous mice with insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1) gene knockout showed normal glucose tolerance associated with insulin resistance and compensatory hyperinsulinemia. Heterozygous mice with beta cell glucokinase (GK) gene knockout showed impaired glucose tolerance due to decreased insulin secretion to glucose. To elucidate the interplay between insulin resistance and insulin secretory defect for the development of NIDDM, we generated double knockout mice with disruption of IRS-1 and beta cell GK genes by crossing the mice with each of the single gene knockout. The double knockout mice developed overt diabetes. Blood glucose levels 120 min after intraperitoneal glucose load (1.5 mg/g body wt) were 108 +/- 24 (wild type), 95 +/- 26 (IRS-1 knockout), 159 +/- 68 (GK knockout), and 210 +/- 38 (double knockout) mg/dl (mean +/- SD) (double versus wild type, IRS-1, or GK; P < 0.01). The double knockout mice showed fasting hyperinsulinemia and selective hyperplasia of the beta cells as the IRS-1 knockout mice (fasting insulin levels: 0.38 +/- 0.30 [double knockout], 0.35 +/- 0.27 [IRS-1 knockout] versus 0.25 +/- 0.12 [wild type] ng/ml) (proportion of areas of insulin-positive cells to the pancreas: 1.18 +/- 0.68%; P < 0.01 [double knockout], 1.20 +/- 0.93%; P < 0.05 [IRS-1 knockout] versus 0.54 +/- 0.26% [wild type]), but impaired insulin secretion to glucose (the ratio of increment of insulin to that of glucose during the first 30 min after load: 31 [double knockout] versus 163 [wild type] or 183 [IRS-1 knockout] ng insulin/mg glucose x 10(3)). In conclusion, the genetic abnormalities, each of which is nondiabetogenic by itself, cause overt diabetes if they coexist. This report provides the first genetic reconstitution of NIDDM as a polygenic disorder in mice.
Plasma lipoproteins and incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Pima Indians: protective effect of HDL cholesterol in women.; The role of plasma lipoproteins in the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) was studied in 787 non-diabetic (2-h glucose < 11.1 mmol/l) Pima Indians (265 men and 522 women). Subjects were followed for a mean of 9.8 (range: 1.8-16.4) years, during which 261 (76 men and 185 women) developed NIDDM. In men and women, very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol, VLDL triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein triglyceride and total triglyceride, controlled for age, predicted NIDDM (P < 0.01 for each). These effects diminished when controlled for age, sex, body mass index, systolic blood pressure and 2-h glucose. However, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, controlled for age, body mass index, systolic blood pressure and 2-h glucose, was a significant protective factor for NIDDM in women (hazard rate ratio (HRR) = 0.35, 95% CI (0.23-0.54), P < 0.001, 90th compared with 10th percentile) but not in men (HRR = 1.04, 95% CI (0.53-2.05), P = 0.915). This association remained significant in women when controlled for fasting or 2-h plasma insulin concentrations, other estimates of insulin resistance or alcohol consumption. The protective effect of HDL cholesterol was similar among women with normal (2-h glucose < 7.8 mmol/1) or impaired (7.8 mmol/l < or = 2-h glucose < 11.1 mmol/l) glucose tolerance at baseline. These results indicate that lipoprotein disorders are an early accompaniment of the abnormalities that lead to NIDDM.
Familiality of physical and metabolic characteristics that predict the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Pima Indians.; Susceptibility to non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is largely genetically determined. In Pima Indians, obesity, insulin resistance, and a low acute insulin response (AIR) to an intravenous glucose infusion are each predictors of the disease. To ascertain whether these phenotypes are genetically determined, we estimated their familiality in nondiabetic Pima Indians with a maximum-likelihood method. Percentage body fat (PFAT) was highly familial (h2 =.76), whereas waist/ thigh circumference ratio (W/T ratio) was not significantly familial after controlling for PFAT (h2 = .16). AIR was also highly familial (h2 = .80 at 10 min), even after controlling for PFAT and insulin action (h2 = .70). Insulin action at physiologic plasma insulin concentrations was familial (h2 = .61) but less so after controlling for PFAT and W/T ratio (h2 = .38). At maximally stimulating insulin concentrations, insulin action was familial (h2 = .45) and was less influenced by controlling for PFAT and W/T ratio (h2 = .49). We conclude that in Pima Indians (1) PFAT and AIR are highly familial traits, (2) central distribution of fat is not a familial trait when controlled for PFAT, (3) 38%-49% of the variance in insulin action, independent of the effect of obesity, is familial, and (4) PFAT, AIR, and insulin action are useful traits to study genetic susceptibility to NIDDM. Because genetic parameter estimates are applicable only to the populations from which they were estimated, it is important to determine whether these estimates of familialities in Pima Indians can be confirmed in other populations before the utility of these traits in searching for NIDDM susceptibility genes in those populations can be fully advocated.
Metabolic effects of troglitazone in the Goto-Kakizaki rat, a non-obese and normolipidemic rodent model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Troglitazone (TRG) is an orally active antidiabetic agent that increases insulin sensitivity in models of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), subsequently reducing hyperinsulinemia and hyperglycemia. We examined the effects of TRG on the development and severity of diabetes in the Goto-Kakizaki (GK) rat, a spontaneous, non-obese model of NIDDM. TRG was administered at a dose of 30 mg/kg/d beginning at 4 weeks of age. TRG-treated GK rats were evaluated against Wistar and untreated GK rats at 8, 12, and 16 weeks of age. Untreated GK rats were nonketotic, normolipidemic, hyperglycemic, and had normal fasting insulin levels compared with Wistar rats. TRG treatment decreased glycosylated hemoglobin levels in the GK rat independently of its effects on plasma insulin. In untreated GK rats, intravenous glucose tolerance tests (IVGTTs) showed a hyperglycemic response to glucose loading with severely impaired glucose disposal relative to Wistar controls. TRG treatment was successful in decreasing the glucose area under the curve (AUC) (P < .03) but did not improve glucose disposal, suggesting a direct hepatic effect. Ex vivo evaluation of hepatic glucose output (HGO) further supported a direct hepatic action, with 50% reduction in HGO in TRG-treated GK rats (P < .004). A euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp performed at 16 weeks of age showed severe insulin resistance in the untreated GK rat, with a glucose infusion rate (GIR) 33% lower than in Wistar rats (P < .004). TRG treatment had no effect on this insulin resistance. These results indicate that TRG selectively decreases hepatic glucose production in this unique model of NIDDM independently of its action on peripheral insulin sensitivity or hyperlipidemia.
Polymorphism of the glycogen synthase gene and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the Russian population.; Recently, a polymorphism in the glycogen synthase gene was shown to be associated with the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and identified patients with a strong family history of diabetes and hypertension in the Finnish population. However, no association was found in French and Japanese populations. We investigated the possible association between the XbaI polymorphism of the glycogen synthase gene and NIDDM in the Russian population. One hundred fifty NIDDM patients and 109 healthy controls were studied. In 16 of 150 Russian NIDDM patients (10.7%), the XbaI polymorphism was found, and 17 of 109 controls (15.6%) showed the XbaI polymorphism (P > .05). These results suggest that the XbaI polymorphism of the glycogen synthase gene cannot be used as a marker for NIDDM in the Russian population.
Vitamin A (retinol) status of first nation adults with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Poorly controlled insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) has been reported to be associated with an impaired metabolic availability of vitamin A. The purpose of this study was to examine vitamin A status in a select group with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: Participants included 106 (male, female, > 40 years) Plains Cree adults residing in central Alberta, with NIDDM (n = 59) and non-diabetic controls (n = 47). Non-fasting plasma samples were collected and concentrations of retinol, zinc, alpha-tocopherol, total protein, albumin, retinol binding protein (RBP), transthyretin (TTR), cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, insulin, and fructosamine were determined. Multiple linear regression was used to identify predictors of plasma RBP concentration. Three repeated 24-hour recalls and a food frequency questionnaire were used to determine vitamin A intakes., RESULTS: Diabetic subjects had similar intake and plasma concentration of vitamin A compared to controls. Factors such as alpha-tocopherol, zinc, total protein, albumin, and TTR, which are known to influence vitamin A metabolism, also remained unaffected in subjects with diabetes. Plasma levels of vitamin A carrier protein (RBP), however, were elevated in diabetic subjects, possibly as a result of hyperinsulinemia. The subjects with diabetes had many characteristics of the insulin resistant syndrome, including central obesity, hypertension, and hypertriglyceridemia. Poor metabolic control, based on plasma glucose, was a significant predictor of RBP concentration in diabetic subjects., CONCLUSIONS: The plasma concentration of RBP was elevated in diabetic subjects and was associated with normal circulatory availability of retinol. The subjects with NIDDM, characterized by insulin resistance without insulin deficiency, thus, appear to be associated with normal vitamin A status.
Effects of smoking on the incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Replication and extension in a Japanese cohort of male employees.; The effects of smoking on the 8-year (1984-1992) incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were investigated in a cohort of 2,312 male employees of an electrical company in Japan. The incidence rate was 2.2/1,000 person-years. After controlling for other known risk factors for NIDDM, a proportional hazards regression analysis indicated that those who were currently smoking 16-25 cigarettes per day had a 3.27 times higher risk of developing NIDDM during the follow-up period than never smokers (p < 0.05); the hazard ratio was similar (3.21) for those who were currently smoking > or = 26 cigarettes per day. Among ever smokers, proportional hazards regression analysis also indicated that younger age at starting smoking was associated with an increased risk of NIDDM (p for trend = 0.09). These findings suggest that number of cigarettes smoked per day is important in the relation between smoking and NIDDM incidence, although the risks did not increase above a given amount of smoking. Starting smoking at a younger age also might be independently associated with an increased risk of NIDDM.
Ten-year follow-up study on the relation between the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and occupation.; To investigate the relation between occupation and the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we undertook a 10-year follow-up survey of male employees of a zipper and aluminum sash factory in Japan. Of 1,218 employees we followed 1,087 subjects. We classified the subjects into five occupations: managers, technical workers, clerical workers, workers in transport, and laborers. NIDDM incidence was 3.1% for 10 years. The age-adjusted incidence of the workers in transport was the highest and that in laborers was the lowest. We used a multiple logistic analysis for adjustment with baseline characteristics such as age, BMI, fasting plasma glucose, and family history of diabetes mellitus. Adjusted relative risk of the workers in transport compared with the laborers was significantly high (3.95). Our work suggests that occupation is related to the development of NIDDM.
Fasting insulin level underestimates risk of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus due to confounding by insulin secretion.; Fasting insulin has been used as a surrogate measure of insulin sensitivity in studies of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) risk, but the fasting insulin-NIDDM association may be confounded by insulin secretion, which correlates negatively with NIDDM risk and positively with fasting insulin level. In a prospective 5-year study of 137 nondiabetic Japanese-American men in King County, Washington State, higher fasting insulin was not strongly related to NIDDM (odds ratio (OR) = 1.37, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80-2.34), but this odds ratio increased substantially after adjustment for insulin secretion (OR = 2.92, 95% CI 1.41-6.06). Research on NIDDM risk in relation to fasting insulin may yield biased effect measures unless adjusted for insulin secretion.
[Predictable value of fasting blood glucose level for the incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].; In order to investigate the predictable value of fasting blood glucose (FBG) level for the incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), 638 nondiabetic subjects who were investigated in 1986 (including 341 subjects with normal glucose tolerance and 297 subjects with impaired glucose tolerance) were reexamined in 1992. The results showed that the 6-year-incidence of NIDDM was significantly increased with rising of baseline FBG level. After adjusting for age, sex and body mass index (BMI), proportional hazard regression analysis showed that FBG level in impaired glucose tolerance group was positively associated with the development of NIDDM (P = 0.0001). Subjects with mean FBG level of 5.19 mmol/L had a higher risk of developing NIDDM than subjects with mean FBG level of 4.61 mmol/L (RR 2.1, 95% CI 1.19-3.74, P = 0.01). The risk ratio of NIDDM was further increased in the group with mean FBG level of 6.l5 mmol/L (RR = 2.9, 95% CI 1.79-4.59, P = 0.0001). The result indicates that FBG level is an independent risk factor for the development of NIDDM.
[A study of insulin sensitivity and its related factors in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance].; In order to evaluate insulin sensitivity and its related factors in abnormal glucose tolerance, 572 cases of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), 647 cases of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and 543 normal controls were studied. The results showed that fasting insulin levels (FIns) and the prevalence of hyperinsulinemia were higher in NIDDM than that in IGT and higher in IGT than that in normal controls (P < 0.01). Insulin sensitivity index (ISI) [-ln(FInx x fasting blood glucose)] ranked from high to low in the order of normal controls, IGT subjects, newly-diagnosed NIDDM patients and patients with known NIDDM (P < 0.01). In each group ISI was smaller in obese subjects or patients than in non-obese ones. Mono-factor analysis demonstrated that ISI in each group was negatively related to body mass index (BMI) and positively related to high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol. ISI in NIDDM and IGT group was negatively related to blood pressure. Multiple analysis showed that the ISI had significantly negative correlation with BMI and some correlation with blood pressure and blood lipids. In conclusion, the patients with abnormal glucose tolerance had hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance. ISI was related to some risk factors of vascular diseases.
[Lipoprotein (a) and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; To study the relationship of the concentration of serum lipoprotein (a) [Lp(a)] with diabetic complications in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), 100 non-diabetics with 150 patients with NIDDM were compared. There was no difference in Lp(a) concentration (P > 0.5) between the two groups. Lp(a) concentration was not significantly correlated with the levels of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), HDL2-C, HDL3-C, apolipoprotein A-I, apolipoprotein B in both groups. In NIDDM group, patients with hypertension, macro- and microangiopathy had higher levels of Lp(a) than those without these complications (P < 0.001 and P = 0.002 respectively). Lp(a) level was positively related to presence of macroangiopathy (r = 0.185, P = 0.024) and proteinuria (r = 0.316, P < 0.001) in NIDDM.
Diastolic dysfunction in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus of short duration.; To determine whether abnormal left ventricular diastolic function is present at an early stage of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), left ventricular diastolic filling was evaluated by pulsed doppler echocardiography in 16 normotensive patients with NIDDM of short duration (1.8 +/- 1 years, mean +/- SD) and no evidence of microangiopathy, and in 16 healthy volunteers comparable for age, body mass index, and sex distribution. All patients showed normal systolic function. The interventricular septum thickness, left atrial diameter, and left ventricular mass index were increased in the diabetic as compared with the control group (p < 0.01, p < 0.01, and p < 0.02, respectively). Isovolumic relaxation time and atrial peak filling velocity were greater in diabetic patients (p < 0.001, and p < 0.01, respectively), whereas early to atrial peak filling velocity ratio was significantly reduced (p < 0.05). This study demonstrates that an impairment of left ventricular diastolic function occurs early in the natural history of NIDDM, and that this abnormality is unlikely to be related to clinical evidence of microangiopathic complications.
A high biotin diet improves the impaired glucose tolerance of long-term spontaneously hyperglycemic rats with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rat, serving as a spontaneously diabetic model with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), exhibits impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) at about 16 weeks of age. In this study, we investigated whether or not biotin, a water-soluble vitamin, improved the IGT of OLETF rats. To this end, we administered diets containing one of three levels of biotin, a high-biotin diet (BH), a normal-biotin diet (BN) and a basal-biotin diet (BB), to OLETF rats up to 24 weeks of age. An oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed four times between 13 and 22 weeks of age. The administration of a BH corrected the IGT of OLETF rats. Upon further investigation, we found that insulin secretion in the OLETF-BH rats was decreased to a significant extent, signaling that the hyperinsulinemia typical to the OLETF-BH rats had clearly improved. Body weights were significantly lower in the OLETF-BH group than in the other OLETF groups, even though the OLETF-BH rats showed a significantly higher average daily food intake. The body weight gain of the OLETF-BH rats followed the same tendency as the control-LETO (Long Evans Tokushima Otsuka) rats (LETO-BB and LETO-BN). These results demonstrate that a high-level biotin diet can improve the glucose handicap in NIDDM rats.
Oral health in the elderly with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The purpose of this study was to examine salivary flow rates and selected oral health parameters in 12 patients (aged 76-86 years) with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and also in 20 subjects (aged 76-86 years) with NIDDM and cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and to compare them with 32 healthy controls matched for age and gender. Unstimulated salivary flow rates were lower in both groups of NIDDM patients than in the controls, although the differences were not statistically significant. Subjective oral dryness and other oral and non-oral symptoms were more frequently reported by the patients with NIDDM + CVD; however, the differences were usually non-significant. Root-surface caries was more frequently detected in the subjects with NIDDM only, although the difference among groups was not statistically significant. Periodontal treatment need, according to CPITN values, was more frequent in the subjects with NIDDM only, compared with controls or those with NIDDM + CVD, although the differences were again not statistically significant. There were no statistically significant differences in the oral health parameters of the subjects with NIDDM or NIDDM + CVD compared with those of their age- and sex-matched healthy controls.
[Risk factors associated with prevalence of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in Lejona (Vizcaya)].; BACKGROUND: The aim of study was to define risk factors (age, body mass index, height, weight, systolic and diastolic blood pressure) associated to non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT)., PATIENTS, MATERIAL AND METHODS: This study was carried out in people > or = 30 years old in Lejona (Vizcaya) by randomized sampling of population, stratified by pyramids of age and sex (N = 862), with a low rate of non-responders (12.6%). An oral glucose tolerance test was done following the criteria recommended by the Committee of Experts of the World Health Organization (WHO). A multivariate analysis was performed, with presence/absence of NIDDM and/or AGT, as dependent variable in several models of logistic regression., RESULTS: The prevalence of NIDDM was 6.4% (56% previously unknown). Strong association of NIDDM with age, BMI, and systolic blood pressure (SBP) was observed both in univariate, as well as multivariate analysis. However, SBP lost its value in the multivariate study. Multivariate analysis showed that NIDDM was 8.2 fold more frequent in the population > or = 60 years than in the  or = 30 kg/m2 compared to  or = 140 mmHg than in the group with SBP < or = 120 mmHg. The prevalence of AGT in women is almost double than in men (13.4% vs 7.3%). Risk factors were also associated with AGT., CONCLUSIONS: Weight and SBP are important risk factors for NIDDM and AGT prediction. The possibility of modifying these factors could possibly allow interventions in order to decrease the prevalence of NIDDM and AGT.
[The effects of eiconol in elderly patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].; A nutritional additive eikonol containing polyunsaturated fatty acids omega-3 was given for a month (8 g/day) to correct vascular complications in 60 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Eikonol-treated NIDDM patients with diabetic retinopathy, polyneuropathy, angiopathy of the legs combining with arterial hypertension exhibited a reduction in the levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides, low and very low density lipoproteins cholesterol, a rise in concentrations of high density lipoproteins cholesterol. Blood pressure went down, peripheral vascular resistance and microhemocirculation improved. The findings evidence prophylactic and therapeutic efficacy of eikonol in vascular complications of NIDDM.
[Albuminuria and glycemic control. The significance for mortality in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].; The impact of microalbuminuria and macroalbuminuria on mortality was evaluated prospectively in 328 Caucasian patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) followed for five years. One hundred and ninety-one patients with normoalbuminuria (albumin excretion rate (AER) < 30 mg/24 h), 86 patients with microalbuminuria (AER 30-299 mg/24 h), and 51 patients with macroalbuminuria (AER > or = 300 mg/24 h) all less than 66 years old at start of the study were followed from 1987 until death or until 1 January 1993. Eight percent of patients with normoalbuminuria, 20% of patients with microalbuminuria, and 35% of patients with macroalbuminuria had died, predominantly from cardiovascular disease. Significant predictors of all-cause mortality included preexisting coronary heart disease, AER, HbA1c level and age. Significant predictors of cardiovascular mortality included preexisting coronary heart disease, macroalbuminuria, HbA1c level and systolic blood pressure. Abnormally elevated urinary albumin excretion and poor glycaemic control indicate a substantially increased all-cause, mainly cardiovascular, mortality risk in NIDDM patients.
Genetic mapping and chromosome localization of the rat mitochondrial glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase gene, a candidate for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The mitochondrial FAD-dependent glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (mtGPD) plays an important role in the regulation of insulin secretion and has been postulated as a candidate responsible for the pathogenesis of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in humans as well as in rodent models of NIDDM. Recent molecular genetic studies of the Goto-Kakizaki (GK) rat model of NIDDM have identified loci linked to NIDDM. To elucidate whether rat mtGPD might play a role in the pathogenesis of NIDDM, the rat mtGPD gene (Gpd2) was cloned, and a genetic marker for Gpd2 was developed. The gene mapped to the region of rat chromosome 3 that contains a region linked to NIDDM in the GK rat. Fluorescence in situ hybridization was also carried out to verify the map position.
Estimation of the prevalence of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in a rural area of Japan.; The objective of this paper is to describe a method of estimating the prevalence of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in a community. We first counted subjects with previously diagnosed NIDDM and those newly diagnosed by use of the 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). We then used the OGTT data to predict the prevalence of NIDDM at different levels of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) among the subjects who did not undergo the OGTT. Data were derived from 3,614 residents aged 20 years and older in a rural area where population-based screening for NIDDM was performed using FPG or post-prandial plasma glucose (PG). Of the 318 participants who underwent an OGTT in 1992, 35 (11.0%) were judged to have NIDDM by the 2-hour PG criterion. We applied the above-described method to the 1,179 subjects who had anFPG but failed to undergo the OGTT. The estimated prevalence of NIDDM, which included the previously diagnosed group, the newly diagnosed group and the expected group, was calculated. The estimated prevalence of diabetes in this population aged 20 years and older turned out to be 6.1% (95% CI: 5.3-6.9). As a validation study, the same method was applied to 220 subjects who did not undergo the OGTT in 1992 but did so in 1994. The actual prevalence of NIDDM among these subjects was compared to the prevalence expected from the 1992 data by our method. The actual value was within the 95% confidence interval of the expected value.
Genetic analysis of the NAT2 and CYP2D6 polymorphisms in white patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The arylamine N-acetyltransferase (NAT2) polymorphism has been related to the risk of developing non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Several studies suggested an excess of rapid acetylators among NIDDM patients. This may be explained by an increased risk to develop NIDDM among subjects with the rapid acetylator capacity, or by changes in the acetylator status due to the disease or drug therapy. In order to elucidate this controversial topic, we have studied by a mutation-specific polymerase chain amplification (PCR) method the occurrence of seven point mutations at the coding region of the NAT2 gene in genomic DNA from 111 patients with NIDDM and 217 healthy controls. In addition, we have studied by the combined use of PCR and restriction fragment length polymorphism the occurrence of seven allelic variants of the CYP2D6 gene in the same subjects. In contrast to previous phenotyping studies, no relationship was found between NAT2 polymorphism and NIDDM or its complications such as nephropathy or neuropathy. The CYP2D6 genotype was similar between cases and controls. Our findings do not provide a genetic basis for any association of NIDDM and NAT2 polymorphism, suggesting that any excess of subjects with the rapid acetylator phenotype among patients with NIDDM should be secondary to the disease or concomitant drug therapy.
Clinical evaluation of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients with autoantibodies to glutamic acid decarboxylase.; We evaluated the frequency of antibodies to glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD-Ab) in Japanese patients diagnosed initially as having non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and investigated a possible link between the presence of GAD-Ab and development of the insulin-dependent (ID) state. The population sample consisted of 583 Japanese NIDDM patients (age at onset > 30 years) who were initially non-ketotic and did not require insulin treatment during at least 6 months of observation. GAD-Ab were measured using radioimmunoassay. The clinical characteristics of GAD-Ab+ patients were carefully examined at four-year intervals from the onset of diabetes. We also examined the ID state by measuring the level of postprandial serum C-peptide and i.v. glucagon-stimulated serum C-peptide. The overall prevalence of GAD-Ab in Japanese NIDDM patients was 3.8%. The frequency of GAD-Ab+ did not significantly decrease with a long history of diabetes. GAD-Ab+ patients had a lower body mass index, compared with GAD-Ab- (20.8 +/- 2.9 vs 23.0 +/- 3.7, P < 0.005), lower postprandial C-peptide levels (0.7 +/- 0.6 vs 1.4 +/- 1.2, P < 0.01), and an early commencement of insulin therapy (3.6 +/- 4.7 vs 8.3 +/- 6.6, P < 0.01). GAD-Ab+ patients who had already developed the ID state had characteristically higher titers of GAD-Ab (421.4 +/- 359.1) and a higher frequency of islet cell antibodies (ICAs) (77.8%), compared with GAD-Ab+ NID patients (titer: 60.2 +/- 86.9, P < 0.005, 23.1%, P < 0.05, respectively). GAD-Ab+ ICAs+ patients showed higher frequencies of ID state at any diabetic duration compared with GAD- ICAs-, while GAD-Ab+ ICAs- patients did not differ in the frequency of the ID state from GAD- ICAs-. Our results suggest that the presence of both GAD-Ab and ICAs represents a high risk for IDDM in GAD-Ab+ NIDDM patients.
Absence of association between the Gly40-->Ser mutation in the human glucagon receptor and Japanese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus or impaired glucose tolerance.; We investigated whether a G123-->A mutation causing a Gly40-->Ser substitution in exon 2 of the human glucagon receptor gene, which has been reported to be associated with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) in France and Sardinia with a prevalences as high as 4.6% and 8.3%, respectively, is associated with Japanese patients with glucose intolerance. This mutation was not found in 242 unrelated Japanese patients with NIDDM or 23 with IGT by screening by the polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism method. We also performed single-stranded conformational polymorphism analysis to search for new mutations in this gene associated with glucose intolerance. We found no mutations by examining all the 13 exons from 30 selected patients with NIDDM who had at least 2 diabetic first-degree relatives. These patients were also screened for the common polymorphism at codon 155 reported previously, but none were found to carry it. The absence of the mutation and polymorphism, which are common in French and Sardinian NIDDM or IGT patients, in Japanese indicates the existence of marked ethnic differences.
Role of body fat loss in the exercise-induced improvement of the plasma lipid profile in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The study was designed to examine the impact of exercise training on the plasma lipid profile in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and, more particularly, to determine the relationship between changes in body fat mass and changes in the lipid profile. Eleven men with NIDDM exercised for 1 hour thrice per week on an ergocycle over a 6-month period at 60% maximal oxygen uptake (Vo2max). Diet and hypoglycemic agents were kept constant throughout this period. Vo2max, body composition, fasting plasma glucose and insulin levels, glycosylated hemoglobin, and the lipid profile were determined at baseline, in the middle (3 months), and at the end (6 months) of the training program. When the subjects were considered as a group, the only significant effect of training was on Vo2max, which increased from 32.2 +/- 1.2 mL/kg/min at baseline to 38.0 +/- 1.7 mL/kg/min at 6 months (P < .001). When the data were analyzed on an individual basis, significant associations were observed between changes in body fat mass and changes in the low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio (r = .62,P = .04) or triglyceride (TG) levels (r = .64,P = .03). These data indicate that fat loss, not training per se, favorably alters the lipid profile of subjects with NIDDM who participate in an aerobic physical-conditioning program.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus as a risk factor for denture stomatitis.; The prevalence of denture stomatitis as well as the frequency of isolation of Candida species and their density on the palatal mucosa have been compared in 70 acrylic denture-wearers suffering from non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) versus 58 acrylic denture-wearers with normal glucose metabolism. The adherence of C. albicans to palatal epithelial cells in vitro was also assessed in both groups. The patients with NIDDM had a significantly higher prevalence of denture stomatitis compared with the controls. The frequency of Candida colonization was increased in diabetics, but not significantly. According to the imprint culture technique, the density of Candida species was significantly higher in patients with NIDDM compared with the controls. The adherence of C. albicans to palatal epithelial cells from patients with NIDDM showed a significant increase compared with that observed in cells collected from the controls. This study supports the view that NIDDM predisposes to Candida-associated denture stomatitis.
Development and progression of renal disease in Pima Indians with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Diabetic Renal Disease Study Group.; BACKGROUND: Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a major cause of end-stage renal disease. However, the course and determinants of renal failure in this type of diabetes have not been clearly defined., METHODS: We studied glomerular function at intervals of 6 to 12 months for 4 years in 194 Pima Indians selected to represent different stages in the development and progression of diabetic renal disease. Initially, 31 subjects had normal glucose tolerance, 29 had impaired glucose tolerance, 30 had newly diagnosed diabetes, and 104 had had diabetes for five years or more; of these 104, 20 had normal albumin excretion, 50 had microalbuminuria, and 34 had macroalbuminuria. The glomerular filtration rate, renal plasma flow, urinary albumin excretion, and blood pressure were measured at each examination., RESULTS: Initially, the mean (+/-SE) glomerular filtration rate was 143+/-7 ml per minute in subjects with newly diagnosed diabetes, 155+/-7 ml per minute in those with microalbuminuria, and 124+/-7 ml per minute in those with macroalbuminuria; these values were 16 percent, 26 percent, and 1 percent higher, respectively, than in the subjects with normal glucose tolerance (123+/-4 ml per minute). During four years of follow-up, the glomerular filtration rate increased by 18 percent in the subjects who initially had newly diagnosed diabetes (P=0.008); the rate declined by 3 percent in those with microalbuminuria at base line (P=0.29) and by 35 percent in those with macroalbuminuria (P<0.001). Higher base-line blood pressure predicted increasing urinary albumin excretion (P=0.006), and higher base-line urinary albumin excretion predicted a decline in the glomerular filtration rate (P<0.001). The initial glomerular filtration rate did not predict worsening albuminuria., CONCLUSIONS: The glomerular filtration rate is elevated at the onset of NIDDM and remains so while normal albumin excretion or microalbuminuria persists. It declines progressively after the development of macroalbuminuria.
[Variable expression of non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in childhood].; Non Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (NIDDM) in pediatric age remains not well defined as a nosological entity. The so-called Maturity Onset Diabetes of the Young (MODY), for example, recognizes three different etiologies. Three cases are presented as an example of different possibilities of onset and evolution in pediatric age: a 12.5 year old girl presents a positive familial history of NIDDM, a slow onset of the disease and goes on well with administration of an oral hypoglycemic drug; a 12.5 year old girl too, with a positive familial history of NIDDM, with acute onset of the disease, needed an oral hypoglycemic drug when she was overweight. Having lost the ponderal excess, she goes on very well with the diet alone; a 13 year old girl without any familial history of NIDDM, who presented a dramatic onset in occasion of an intercurrent illness; she required insulin therapy only during a steroidal therapy period, administered for ovaric polycystosis. The authors argue over the age of onset, the familial history and the therapeutic approach to NIDDM in pediatric age.
[Experience in the use of eiconol (a complex of unsaturated fatty acids) in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].; Cardiovascular disease is the principal cause of morbidity, functional disability and fatal outcomes in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The results of administration of eikonol, food additive containing omega-3 unsaturated fatty acids, for 3 months were analyzed for 60 elderly NIDDM patients with ischemic heart disease. A single administration of eikonol leads to a decrease in accumulation of intracellular cholesterol by 15%. Diet eikonol decreased the level of total cholesterol and triglycerides in the blood by 23 and 43%, respectively. Moreover, the higher is the initial value of these parameters, the higher is the effect of the preparation. Eikonol proved to increase the level of lipoproteins of high density, produced a positive trends in NIDDM clinical picture. Food additive eikonol is recommended for wide administration in elderly NIDDM patients with atherogenic dyslipidemias.
Severe periodontitis and risk for poor glycemic control in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; This study tested the hypothesis that severe periodontitis in persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) increases the risk of poor glycemic control. Data from the longitudinal study of residents of the Gila River Indian Community were analyzed for dentate subjects aged 18 to 67, comprising all those: 1) diagnosed at baseline with NIDDM (at least 200 mg/dL plasma glucose after a 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test); 2) with baseline glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1) less than 9%; and 3) who remained dentate during the 2-year follow-up period. Medical and dental examinations were conducted at 2-year intervals. Severe periodontitis was specified two ways for separate analyses: 1) as baseline periodontal attachment loss of 6 mm or more on at least one index tooth; and 2) baseline radiographic bone loss of 50% or more on at least one tooth. Clinical data for loss of periodontal attachment were available for 80 subjects who had at least one follow-up examination, 9 of whom had two follow-up examinations at 2-year intervals after baseline. Radiographic bone loss data were available for 88 subjects who had at least one follow-up examination, 17 of whom had two follow-up examinations. Poor glycemic control was specified as the presence of HbA, of 9% or more at follow-up. To increase the sample size, observations from baseline to second examination and from second to third examinations were combined. To control for non-independence of observations, generalized estimating equations (GEE) were used for regression modeling. Severe periodontitis at baseline was associated with increased risk of poor glycemic control at follow-up. Other statistically significant covariates in the GEE models were: 1) baseline age; 2) level of glycemic control at baseline; 3) having more severe NIDDM at baseline; 4) duration of NIDDM; and 5) smoking at baseline. These results support considering severe periodontitis as a risk factor for poor glycemic control and suggest that physicians treating patients with NIDDM should be alert to the signs of severe periodontitis in managing NIDDM.
Plasma fibrinogen and its relationship to plasma sialic acid in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Serum or plasma sialic acid (SA) has been shown to be a possible risk factor for cardiovascular disease and to be elevated in diabetes mellitus. We postulated that plasma SA may be related to plasma fibrinogen, another reputed cardiovascular risk factor. We decided to test this hypothesis in 27 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 27 age- and sex-matched control subjects. Plasma fibrinogen was significantly elevated in the diabetic patients compared with the control subjects (3.4 +/- 1.5 g/l versus 2.2 +/- 0.6 g/l, P < 0.001). Similarly, plasma SA was elevated in the diabetic patients in comparison with the control subjects (0.74 +/- 0.14 g/l versus 0.62 +/- 0.08 g/l, P < 0.001). There was a strong univariate correlation between plasma fibrinogen and plasma SA in both NIDDM patients (r = 0.80, P < 0.001) and control subjects (r = 0.54, P < 0.01).
Incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and its risk factors in Japanese-Americans living in Hawaii and Los Angeles.; UNLABELLED: The incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and its risk factors were analysed from data of a follow-up study conducted on Japanese-Americans living in Hawaii and Los Angeles areas known to have a high prevalence of NIDDM. There were 1144 Japanese-Americans aged 40 years or more (mean (+/- SD) age: 60.7 +/- 10.1) available for follow-up, and who were non-diabetic based on glucose tolerance test (GTT) results conducted at the time of the initial examination. During the study period (6.3 +/- 3.2 yr), 124 cases of NIDDM occurred with an incidence rate as high as 10.8% or 17.2 persons per 1000 person-years. The incidence of NIDDM was 1.25 times higher in males than in females, and the rate increased with age. The incidence in obese people (body mass index: BMI > or = 25) was approximately twice that in the non-obese, the rate increasing with the level of obesity. Using Cox's proportional hazards model, the risk factors for NIDDM were analysed after adjusting for sex and age. Significant risk factors were the serum glucose (SG) level (fasting, 1-h, 2-h), the serum immuno-reactive insulin (IRI) level (1-h, 2-h) during GTT, BMI, serum triglycerides, high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, serum uric acid, diastolic blood pressure, systolic blood pressure, serum total protein, and delta IRI/delta SG (0-30 min) level. In particular the hyperinsulinaemia was a significant risk factor even after adjusting for sex, age, and obesity. The incidence of NIDDM in the sub-group whose delta IRI/delta SG (0-30 min) level was under 0.3 was higher than that of the over 0.8 sub-group by a factor of approximately 12. Likewise, after dividing the subjects into five sub-groups according to the fasting or 2 h IRI level, the incidence of NIDDM was higher in the highest quintile than in the lowest quintile sub-group by a factor of approximately 3 and 7, respectively. The results of the GTT of the subjects who developed NIDDM during the follow-up period were analysed longitudinally and compared with the results obtained 8 years before occurrence of NIDDM. An increase in the 2-h serum IRI was observed initially, followed by an increase in the 2-h serum glucose level, preceding the appearance of NIDDM., IN CONCLUSION: 1. A high incidence of NIDDM is clearly observed in the population of Japanese-Americans, who are genetically indistinguishable from native Japanese; causes of this increase, from the survey results, are suspected to include westernization of lifestyle, particularly the reduction in the level of physical activity, conversion to a diet containing markedly more animal fat, simple carbohydrates, and less complex carbohydrates. 2. In the Japanese-Americans, diminished early insulin release to an oral glucose challenge and increased insulin resistance characterized by hyperinsulinaemia are suspected to be some of the important risk factors for NIDDM. Consequently, this study strongly suggested the possibility that the development of NIDDM in Japanese persons may be influenced by environmental factors.
A rapid- and short-acting hypoglycemic agent KAD-1229 improves post-prandial hyperglycemia and diabetic complications in streptozotocin-induced non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus rats.; We investigated therapeutic effects of a rapid- and short-acting non-sulfonylurea hypoglycemic agent, calcium (2S)-2-benzyl-3-(cis-hexahydro-2-isoindolinylcarbonyl)propionate dihydrate (KAD-1229), on streptozotocin (STZ)-induced non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) rats. The effects exerted by KAD-1229 on the post-prandial plasma glucose rise in STZ-induced mild NIDDM (mNIDDM) rats were different from those of sulfonylureas. When KAD-1229 with liquid meal (10 kcal/kg) was given to the mNIDDM rats, the plasma glucose migration was similar to that of normal healthy rats. On the contrary, glibenclamide had little or no effect on the plasma glucose rise 0.5-1 hr after oral administration, and its effect was only evident 2-5 hr after dosing. Tolbutamide showed similar hypoglycemia to that induced by glibenclamide at 2-5 hr with insufficient efficacy at 0.5 hr. Gliclazide sufficiently suppressed the level of post-prandial plasma glucose. However, its complete inhibition of post-prandial plasma glucose was associated with the extra-hypoglycemia 1-5 hr after oral administration. We also tested the efficacy of KAD-1229 in more severe STZ-induced NIDDM (sNIDDM) rats to elucidate the effects of the drug on the long-term glycemic controls and diabetic complications. When the sNIDDM rats were treated with 10 mg/kg KAD-1229 twice a day for about 17 weeks, increases in fasting plasma glucose and hemoglobin A1c were inhibited. Furthermore, treatment with KAD-1229 suppressed the development of microalbuminuria and cortical cataract. We conclude that the rapid- and short-acting insulinotropic agent KAD-1229 is able to improve the deterioration in the glycemic controls and inhibit the development of diabetic complications in STZ-induced NIDDM rats.
Biological variation of serum lipids and lipoproteins in patients with clinically well controlled non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; To investigate how the visit-to-visit variation in serum lipids measurements affects the decision making concerning treatment according to the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) guidelines in patients with clinically well controlled non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) we have measured the biological variation (CVb) in serum total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in 26 patients with NIDDM. We found the CVb as follows: TC, 5.1%; TG, 17.0%; HDL-C 4.4% and LDL-C, 8.3%. Confidence intervals (95%) were determined with total intra-individual variance values around the NCEP cut-off points to evaluate how well one, two and three lipid measurements provided reliable risk classification. A single TC measurements < 177 mg/dL or > 263 mg/dL allowed confident classification as "desirable" or "high risk" respectively. For LDL-C, one measurement was accurate only at below 106.3 mg/dL or above 183.7 mg/dL. The average of three measurements contracted these limits to < 186.7 mg/dL and > 253.3 mg/dL for TC, and < 116.3 mg/dL and > 173.7 mg/dL for LDL-C. For HDL-C also, multiple measurements improved risk assignment in a similar fashion. There were no values which allowed assignment to the "borderline high" category with one TC measurement and with one and two LDL-C measurements. The mean of three TC and three LDL-C measurements allowed assignment to the "borderline high" category, if between 213.3 and 226.7 mg/dL for TC, 143.7 and 146.3 mg/dL for LDL-C. Seven patients (26.9%) in this risk group based on the mean of two LDL-C estimates could be placed into a different category when the mean of three estimates was taken, even though the first two LDL-C test results did not differ by more than 30 mg/dL. Our results suggest that repeated lipid measurement is important especially for the "borderline-high" risk group because big variations existed in some patients, and further that TC is the most reliable quantity.
A possible common cell surface autoantigen in islet beta-cells and thyroid follicular cells in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and chronic thyroiditis.; By an indirect immunofluorescence method with In-111 cells (hamster insulinoma cell line), circulating islet cell surface antibodies (ICSA) were detected in 7 (20%) out of 36 patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), 9% of 68 chronic thyroiditis (CT) patients, or 16% of 19 NIDDM patients associated with CT, but not in 18 normal subjects. Sera from five out of nine ICSA-positive patients examined further also showed cell-surface immunofluorescence on TPC-1 cells (human thyroid papillary adenocarcinoma cell line), and prior absorption of the sera with In-111 cells abolished the immunofluorescence. The 64 kDa protein from In-111 cells or human thyroid follicular cells was immunoprecipitated with ICSA-positive sera. In one case of NIDDM associated with CT, 64 kDa protein was detected in both cells. The results indicate that some ICSA in NIDDM patients recognize the same or a very closely-related autoantigen(s) in both islet beta-cells and thyroid follicular cells, suggesting an explanation, at least in part, for the autoimmune mechanism(s) in clinical association of NIDDM and CT.
Islet amyloid and islet amyloid polypeptide in cynomolgus macaques (Macaca fascicularis): an animal model of human non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To further characterize spontaneous diabetes mellitus in cynomolgus macaques (Macaca fascicularis) as a model for human non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we evaluated the morphologic characteristics of the endocrine pancreas of 4 diabetic and 12 age-matched nondiabetic cynomolgus macaques. In addition, the cDNA-predicted amino acid sequence for islet amyloid polypeptide (IAPP) of this species was determined. Islet amyloid deposits exhibiting typical congophilia and green birefringence were found in 4/4 diabetic animals and in 8/12 nondiabetics. Islet amyloid deposits were significantly more extensive in the diabetic macaques (P = 0.001), in which they occupied a mean of 60% of the islet area. In contrast, in the nondiabetic group the maximum islet area occupied by amyloid was 24% (group mean = 6.8%), with four animals having no detectable islet amyloid. Amyloid deposits consistently showed immunoreactivity for IAPP but not for insulin. Comparisons between group means for diabetic versus nondiabetic macaques showed significantly greater islet area (P = 0.01, 85,390 versus 36,540 microns 2) and significantly greater islet area fraction (P = 0.02, 0.065 versus 0.032) for the diabetic group. The cDNA-predicted amino acid sequence for cynomolgus IAPP was identical to that previously reported for pig-tail macaques (M. nemestrina) and had 92%, 86%, and 84% amino acid sequence identity with human, domestic cat, and murine IAPPs, respectively. These findings support the use of cynomolgus macaques as an animal model of human NIDDM.
Lipoprotein(a) concentrations and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: relationship to glycaemic control and diabetic complications.; UNLABELLED: The aim of our study was to determine the lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)) levels in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and to evaluate Lp(a) concentrations in relation to glycaemic control and diabetic complications. We evaluate in a cross-sectional study a total of 103 NIDDM patients (52 males and 51 females; mean age of 62.5 years; mean of diabetes duration: 12 years) referred to our hospital because of poor glycaemic control, and a group of 108 non-diabetic subjects (57 males and 51 females)., RESULTS: mean Lp(a) concentration did not significantly differ between NIDDM patients and non-diabetic subjects (11.1 +/- 14 vs. 16.2 +/- 14 mg/dl). The distribution of Lp(a) levels was highly skewed towards the lower levels in both groups, being over 30 mg/dl in only 6% of NIDDM patients and 12% of controls. Patients with Lp(a) levels over 10 mg/dl had lower haemoglobin Alc (HbA1c) than patients with Lp(a) levels over 10 mg/dl (8.5% vs. 10.4%; P < 0.01). Lp(a) concentration was positively correlated with body mass index (BMI) (P < 0.05) and HbA1c (P < 0.05). No association was found between Lp(a) and sex, age, other lipidic parameters, microalbuminuria, type of treatment and presence of cardiovascular disease. These findings may suggest that glycaemic control could have a modulatory role on Lp(a) concentration in NIDDM patients. In this study, diabetic complications did not seem to be associated with higher Lp(a) concentrations.
Clinical significance of measurements of urinary and serum thrombomodulins in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; UNLABELLED: The aim of our study was to elucidate whether serum thrombomodulin (S-TM) and urinary thrombomodulin (U-TM) levels would reflect the pathogenesis of diabetic complications. Studies were conducted in 188 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 132 age-matched healthy subjects. TM was measured by a newly developed enzyme immunoassay. Both S-TM and U-TM levels in NIDDM were much higher than those in healthy controls. S-TM values in NIDDM correlated significantly with age (P < 0.05), HbA1c (P < 0.05), serum 1.5 anhydroglucetol (AG) (P < 0.05) and urinary albumin concentration (UAC) (P < 0.01), respectively. On the other hand, fasting plasma glucose (FPG) (P < 0.001), HbA1c (P < 0 .01), serum fructosamine (P < 0.05) and serum 1.5 AG (P < 0.05) were closely correlated with U-TM values in NIDDM. Patients with clinical nephropathy showed obviously higher S-TM levels (P < 0.05) than patients with latent nephropathy. Furthermore, S-TM values in patients with diabetic proliferative retinopathy increased significantly compared with those in patients without diabetic retinopathy (P < 0.05). When all diabetic patients with normoalbuminuria were studied, no significant changes of S-TM were observed between the no diabetic retinopathy group and the proliferative diabetic retinopathy group., CONCLUSIONS: The present data suggest that an increase in U-TM reflects the grade of glucose metabolism, whereas an increase in S-TM appears to reveal the advance of diabetic microangiopathy, including nephropathy.
Evaluation of alveolar integrity in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus using Tc-99m DTPA and HMPAO radioaerosol inhalation lung scintigraphies.; The alveolar integrity (AI) in 17 patients of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) who had normal findings in the chest x-ray and pulmonary function test was measured by Tc-99m DTPA and HMPAO radioaerosol inhalation lung scintigraphies (DTPA and HMPAO). The degree of AI damage in NIDDM was presented as the slopes (%/min) of the time-activity curves from the dynamic of both lung imagings using DTPA and HMPAO. The AI of NIDDM patients was compared with the AI of 23 normal controls. The results show that (1) the slopes of DTPA were larger than those of HMPAO in any portion of either of the lungs for both of the study groups, and that (2) the slopes of DTPA and HMPAO were larger in NIDDM than those in normal controls over any portion of the lungs. The results suggest that (1) at least two different clearance mechanisms for aerosol particles in the lungs are at work; and (2) the AI damage in NIDDM developed in both the hydrophilic and lipophilic parts of the alveoli. In conclusion, the AI damage which appeared as larger slopes of DTPA/HMPAO in our study may be early findings of lung complications in NIDDM patients, which are different from the traditional studies such as chest x-ray or pulmonary function test.
Restricted geographical extension of the association of a glucagon receptor gene mutation (Gly40Ser) with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; A mutation within the glucagon receptor gene (GRG) at codon 40 (Gly40Ser) was reported to be associated with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in France and Sardinia. Since the frequency of the mutation, about 5% in the French and 8% in the Sardinian group was higher than that of any of the candidate gene mutations described so far, it appeared to be relevant to determine the prevalence within different populations. While a single mutation has not been found recently either in a Japanese, a Finnish or a Dutch cohort, but only in a British study in 2.2% of NIDDM patients, in this study we investigated the association of this mutation with NIDDM in 104 German patients by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis (PCR-RFLP). None of the German NIDDM patients had a Gly40Ser mutation. The results indicate that the mutation plays little role in susceptibility to NIDDM in this German region, and also indicate the genetic heterogeneity in NIDDM, and further emphasize the importance of studies in different ethnic groups.
A G-to-A substitution at nucleotide position 3316 in mitochondrial DNA is associated with Japanese non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; By directly sequencing amplified DNA from 30 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) who had diabetic family members, we identified a G-to-A mutation at np 3316 in the ND-1 gene of the mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA). DNA from 254 patients with NIDDM or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), from 154 patients with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and from 207 non-diabetic control subjects was screened for this substitution. The mutation existed in 5 of 254 Japanese NIDDM or IGT patients (2.0%), but not in other subjects. Its prevalence was significantly higher in NIDDM than in other patients or non-diabetic control subjects. The association of the G-A mutation at np 3316 with glucose intolerance suggests the importance of this area for the development of diabetes.
The effects of obesity on the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of glipizide in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of glipizide were evaluated in 20 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The group consisted of 12 obese subjects (seven women, five men; mean +/- SD age, 53.5 +/- 8.5 years; total body weight (TBW), 95.5 +/- 17.2 kg; percentage > IBW (ideal body weight), 57.8 +/- 31.7%); and eight nonobese subjects (two women, six men; age, 57.8 +/- 11.7 years; TBW, 80.8 +/- 9.9 kg; percentage > IBW, 15.6 +/- 10.3%). After a 2-week antidiabetic drug-free period, patients were started on glipizide therapy for 12 weeks. Glipizide dosages were titrated to achieve specified therapeutic goals or a maximum daily dose of 40 mg. Glipizide pharmacokinetics were assessed by serum concentrations obtained during a 24-h pharmacokinetic evaluation performed after the first 5-mg dose (SD) and after 12 weeks of chronic therapy (CD). Glipizide pharmacodynamics were evaluated with serum glucose, insulin, and C-peptide responses to Sustacal tolerance test done at baseline, after SD, and after CD. No statistically significant differences in the SD pharmacokinetic parameters (Tmax = 3.1 +/- 1.2 vs. 2.8 +/- 1.6 h; Cmax = 332.5 +/- 92.5 vs. 420.8 +/- 142 g/L; area under the curve extrapolated to infinity (AUCI) = 2,598.3 +/- 1,148 vs. 3,138.9 +/- 1,847 g/h/L; oral clearance/bioavailability (CL/F), 2.3 +/- 1.0 vs. 2.0 +/- 1.0 L/h; volume of distribution/bioavailability (V/F), 19.5 +/- 4.4 vs. 17.2 +/- 4.3 L; t1/2 = 5.0 +/- 2.3 vs. 5.2 +/- 2.0 h) were observed between the obese and nonobese groups, respectively. The pharmacokinetic parameters assessed under CD conditions were also closely matched in the two groups. No differences in glucose responses to Sustacal challenge at baseline, SD, and CD (AUC0-->4.glucose:baseline, 52.3 +/- 18.0 vs. 44.9 +/- 9.8; SD, 50.4 +/- 20.9 vs. 36.1 +/- 11.0; CD, 37.8 +/- 10.7 vs. 36.6 +/- 8.5 mM/h) were noted between the obese and nonobese groups, respectively. However, glucose concentrations increased more and decreased to a smaller extent after SD in the obese as compared to nonobese subjects. Mean fasting serum insulin and C-peptide concentrations were not statistically different between the two groups. However, obese subjects exhibited higher fasting insulin (114.0 +/- 69 vs. 68.8 +/- 52 pM) at week 12 evaluation and C-peptide concentrations (0.83 +/- 0.2 vs. 0.63 +/- 0.2 nM) after SD as compared to the nonobese group. A smaller percentage increase in C peptide in response to Sustacal challenge was observed in the obese compared to the nonobese subjects (baseline, 60 +/- 25 vs. 117 +/- 117; SD, 119 +/- 39 vs. 193 +/- 149; and CD, 97 +/- 56 vs. 163 +/- 67%). In summary, the influence of obesity on glipizide pharmacokinetics appeared to be of little clinical significance. The observed differences in pharmacodynamics require further evaluation.
Bone mineral metabolism is normal in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Because of the previous controversial findings in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we measured bone-mineral density (BMD) by two different methods, studied biochemical markers of bone remodeling and calciotropic hormones (parathyroid hormone and calcitonin) in women with NIDDM, and compared the results with age-matched controls. Forty-seven women with NIDDM and 252 healthy nondiabetic women as controls were recruited for this study. BMD was measured by dual X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA) and by quantitative computed tomography (QCT). Biochemical markers of bone remodeling included plasma alkaline phosphatase (AP), osteocalcin (BGP), tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase (TRAP), parathyroid hormone (PTH), calcitonin (CT), and 24-h urine calcium, hydroxyproline. Diabetic patients were more obese with a higher body-mass index (BMI) than controls. Bone mass was normal in NIDDM, both by DEXA and by QCT. Biochemical markers of bone remodeling, PTH and CT were also normal. There was no statistical correlation between bone mass and any of the other measurements studied. There is no evidence that NIDDM produces any change in bone metabolism or mass.
Influence of metabolic control on thromboxane biosynthesis and plasma plasminogen activator inhibitor type-1 in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We have previously shown that tight metabolic control by insulin therapy reduced thromboxane-dependent platelet activation in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. The present study was undertaken to determine whether a similar effect could be obtained without switching diabetics in secondary failure to insulin treatment. For this purpose, we gave strict diet and exercise advise program and adjusted on a weekly basis the oral antidiabetic therapy (glipizide) that 26 patients with NIDDM had been given over the previous months. Basal measurements of urinary 11-dehydro-TXB2 and PAI-1 confirmed previous findings of enhanced levels of these parameters in NIDDM patients with macrovascular disease in comparison to age- and sex-matched controls. After 2-6 weeks, 16 patients achieved tight metabolic control associated with significant reduction of both thromboxane biosynthesis and PAI-1 levels; 10 patients remained in poor control and no significant decrease of both parameters was observed. We conclude that reduction of in-vivo platelet activation and PAI-1 antigen levels after metabolic improvement obtained by frequent reassessment of sulphonylurea therapy together with strict diet and exercise programs may have beneficial effects on the progression of diabetic micro- and macrovascular disease.
McArdle's disease with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: the beneficial effects of hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia for exercise intolerance.; A 64-year-old female with McArdle's disease and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is reported. She had none of the characteristic symptoms of McArdle's disease such as muscle cramps but her serum creatine kinase level was elevated. Muscle biopsy with negative muscle phosphorylase staining showed McArdle's disease. Modified forearm ischemic exercise test was done at two conditions; fasting and two hours after a meal. When fasting, the level of lactic acid did not elevate after exercise. After a meal, however, the serum lactic acid level rose with the elevation of plasma glucose and IRI. Thus, we suggested that high plasma glucose and insulin due to NIDDM may induce blood-borne glucose uptake with exercise.
Glycogen synthase activity is reduced in cultured skeletal muscle cells of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus subjects. Biochemical and molecular mechanisms.; To determine whether glycogen synthase (GS) activity remains impaired in skeletal muscle of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients or can be normalized after prolonged culture, needle biopsies of vastus lateralis were obtained from 8 healthy nondiabetic control (ND) and 11 NIDDM subjects. After 4-6 wk growth and 4 d fusion in media containing normal physiologic concentrations of insulin (22 pM) and glucose (5.5 mM), both basal (5.21 +/- 0.79 vs 9.01 +/- 1.25%, P < 0.05) and acute insulin-stimulated (9.35 +/- 1.81 vs 16.31 +/- 2.39, P < 0.05) GS fractional velocity were reduced in NIDDM compared to ND cells. Determination of GS kinetic constants from muscle cells of NIDDM revealed an increased basal and insulin-stimulated Km(0.1) for UDP-glucose, a decreased insulin-stimulated Vmax(0.1) and an increased insulin-stimulated activation constant (A(0.5)) for glucose-6-phosphate. GS protein expression, determined by Western blotting, was decreased in NIDDM compared to ND cells (1.57 +/- 0.29 vs 3.30 +/- 0.41 arbitrary U/mg protein, P < 0.05). GS mRNA abundance also tended to be lower, but not significantly so (0.168 +/- 0.017 vs 0.243 +/- 0.035 arbitrary U, P = 0.08), in myotubes of NIDDM subjects. These results indicate that skeletal muscle cells of NIDDM subjects grown and fused in normal culture conditions retain defects of basal and insulin-stimulated GS activity that involve altered kinetic behavior and possibly reduced GS protein expression. We conclude that impaired regulation of skeletal muscle GS in NIDDM patients is not completely reversible in normal culture conditions and involves mechanisms that may be genetic in origin.
Family history of coronary heart disease is a stronger predictor of coronary heart disease morbidity and mortality than family history of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; The aim of this study was to compare the effect of family history of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and coronary heart disease (CHD) as risk factors for CHD morbidity and mortality. Altogether, 394 siblings of NIDDM probands and non-diabetic probands, with and without CHD, were followed for 8 years with respect to CHD events in a prospective population-based study. The baseline study was conducted from 1983 to 1985. Age- and sex-adjusted cumulative occurrence of CHD events was higher in the siblings of the probands with CHD and with NIDDM (13.1%; P = 0.037) and in the siblings of the probands with CHD and without NIDDM (15.4%; P = 0.054), compared with the siblings of the probands without NIDDM and without CHD (4.8%). The incidence of fatal CHD events tended to be higher in a group with a family history of NIDDM and CHD, but the trend was not statistically significant. In univariate logistic regression analyses, a family history of CHD was positively associated with cumulative occurrence of CHD events (odds ratio 2.53, P = 0.009), whereas a family history of NIDDM had no significant association (odds ratio 1.39, P = 0.312). After adjustment for age, sex, family history of NIDDM and major cardiovascular risk factors, the association between family history of CHD and cumulative occurrence of CHD events remained significant (odds ratio 2.25, P = 0.048). In conclusion, the present study indicates that a family history of CHD is a stronger predictor of future CHD events than a family history of NIDDM.
Effects of vanadyl sulfate on carbohydrate and lipid metabolism in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The safety and efficacy of vanadyl sulfate (VS) was tested in a single-blind, placebo-controlled study. Eight patients (four men and four women) with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) received VS (50 mg twice daily orally) for 4 weeks. Six of these patients (four men and two women) continued in the study and were given a placebo for an additional 4 weeks. Euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamps were performed before and after the VS and placebo phases. VS was associated with gastrointestinal side effects in six of eight patients during the first week, but was well tolerated after that. VS administration was associated with a 20% decrease in fasting glucose concentration (from 9.3 +/- 1.8 to 7.4 +/- 1.4 mmol/L, P < .05) and a decrease in hepatic glucose output (HGO) during hyperinsulinemia (from 5.0 +/- 1.0 pre-VS to 3.1 +/- 0.9 micromol/kg x min post-VS, P < .02). The improvement in fasting plasma glucose and HGO that occurred during VS treatment was maintained during the placebo phase. VS had no significant effects on rates of total-body glucose uptake, glycogen synthesis, glycolysis, carbohydrate (CHO) oxidation, or lipolysis during euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamps. We conclude that VS at the dose used was well tolerated and resulted in modest reductions of fasting plasma glucose and hepatic insulin resistance. However, the safety of larger doses and use of vanadium salts for longer periods remains uncertain.
Lack of a relationship between urinary albumin excretion rate and insulin resistance in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The study was performed to determine the relationship between urinary albumin excretion (UAE) and resistance to insulin-mediated glucose disposal in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Twenty-five non-obese male patients were enrolled; UAE rates were determined on two 24-hour urine collections, and resistance to insulin-mediated glucose disposal was quantified by measurement of steady-state plasma glucose (SSPG) and steady-state plasma insulin concentrations during the last 30 minutes of a 180-minute infusion of somatostatin, insulin, and glucose. Twenty-four-hour urine UAE rates varied from 6 to 112 microgram/min, and microalbuminuria (> 20 microgram/min) was present in seven of 25 patients. SSPG concentration ranged from 158 to 419 mg/dL, and there was no relationship between UAE rates and SSPG concentration (r = .16, P = NS). Furthermore, the mean SSPG concentration was not significantly different in seven patients with microalbuminuria compared with 18 normoalbuminuric subjects (318 +/- 20 v 298 +/- 17 mg/dL). Thus, resistance to insulin-mediated glucose disposal occurs in patients with NIDDM in the absence of microalbuminuria, and we could not detect any relationship between UAE and insulin resistance in this population.
[Vasoactive factors of the vascular endothelium in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and kidney involvement].; To evaluate the secretion of vasoactive factors in vascular endothelium of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) the authors examined 31 NIDDM patients. Of them, 18 had no signs of renal involvement, 13 patients showed apparent diabetic nephropathy (DN). In the former patients the blood contained much greater content of vasodilating factor prostacyclin than of vasoconstricting factor endothelin-1 (ET-1) and thromboxan A2 (TxA2). In diabetic nephropathy the balance of vasoactive factors shifted to predominance of vasoconstrictors ET-1 and TxA2. Such rearrangement of vasoactive factors to higher quantities of vasoconstrictors in diabetes mellitus may initiate or promote progression of diabetic nephropathy with resultant spasm of afferent glomerular vessels, reduced glomerular filtration and renal blood flow rates, arterial hypertension, increased thrombogenesis. Thus, elevated levels of ET-1 and TxA2 in diabetics and their rise with progression of diabetic nephropathy are likely to act as pathogenetic factors underlying onset and progression of nephroangiopathy.
Cellular sodium membrane transport and cardiovascular risk factors in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Association have been described between cardiovascular risk factors and abnormalities of both sodium-lithium countertransport (SLC) and sodium-hydrogen ion exchange in subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. The data in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are few and more conflicting. This investigation examines erythrocyte SLC rates and platelet sodium-hydrogen ion-exchange kinetics and their relationship to cardiovascular risk factors in 45 nondiabetic and 35 NIDDM white men. The two groups did not differ significantly in erythrocyte SLC or platelet buffering capacity, sodium-hydrogen ion-exchange maximal rate (Vmax), or Km for extracellular sodium. Within the whole group, controlling for the presence of diabetes, SLC correlated weakly with triglyceride concentration (r = .23, P = .05), but not with urinary albumin excretion rate (AER), systolic or diastolic blood pressure, body mass index (BMI), or concentrations of glucose, insulin, or total or high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. Platelet sodium-hydrogen exchange was not significantly related to any cardiovascular risk factor studied. In conclusion, (1)SLC activity was not increased in NIDDM subjects; (2) SLC rates correlated weakly with serum triglyceride concentrations; (3) platelet sodium-hydrogen exchange Vmax and K(m) for extracellular sodium and platelet buffering capacity did not differ between diabetic and nondiabetic groups; and (4) there was no significant relationship between platelet Na+/H(+)-exchange kinetics and any of the cardiovascular risk factors studied.
Depression of dehydroepiandrosterone in Japanese diabetic men--comparison between non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance.; Hyperglycemia is known to reduce dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) circulating levels; however, the mechanism by which hyperglycemia decreases DHEA is not elucidated. In this study, serum DHEA and DHEA sulfate (DHEA-S) levels were compared in 50 men with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 50 age-matched men with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) receiving only diet therapy. Serum concentrations of DHEA and DHEA-S in the NIDDM group were significantly lower than in the IGT group (7.8 and 9.7 nmol/l vs 3.4 and 4.9 mumol/l, respectively; p < 0.01) but there was no significant difference in immunoreactive insulin between the two groups. When the results from both groups were combined, HbA1C was significantly inversely related to DHEA (r = -0.243, p < 0.01) and DHEA-S (r = -0.305, p < 0.01). Immunoreactive insulin showed no correlation with DHEA and DHEA-S. Multiple regression analysis showed that HbA1C was independently negatively related to both DHEA and DHEA-S. We conclude that hyperglycemia may decrease serum DHEA and DHEA-S in Japanese men with NIDDM, but the depression of DHEA(-S) is independent of serum insulin level.
Cardiorespiratory function as assessed by exercise testing in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Exercise testing was used to examine 19 cardiorespiratory diabetes mellitus patients, aged 32-68 years (body mass index, 27.8 +/- 4.8 kg/m2), and 16 healthy volunteers, aged 23-57 years (body mass index, 22.7 +/- kg/m2). A graded cycling exercise test was done, monitoring gas exchange, ventilation and heart rate. Values were significantly higher in the non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients than in the controls for fasting blood glucose (P < 0.01), glycosylated haemoglobin (P < 0.01), body weight (P < 0.05) and body mass index (P < 0.05). The exercise testing produced values that were significantly lower in the patients with NIDDM than in the controls for percentage oxygen uptake (P < 0.05), maximum load (P < 0.05), maximum metabolic equivalent (P < 0.01) and maximum oxygen uptake per unit body weight (P < 0.01). Ventilatory capacity and forced expiratory volume at 1 sec did not differ significantly in the two groups. These results suggest that general fitness is diminished due to reduced cardiorespiratory function in patients with NIDDM.
Autonomic neuropathy predicts the development of stroke in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Our aim was to determine the predictive factors for stroke in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: We studied 133 patients with NIDDM at the time of diagnosis and 5 and 10 years later., RESULTS: The number of new fatal or nonfatal strokes was 19 (14.7%; 14 after 5-year examination). High initial fasting blood glucose (odds ratio [OR], 1.2; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.04 to 1.4) and the use of beta-blocking agents (OR, 6.7; 95% CI, 2.1 to 21.5) at baseline and the presence of parasympathetic neuropathy (OR, 6.7; 95% CI, 1.5 to 29.9), or sympathetic autonomic nervous dysfunction (OR, 1.1; 95% CI, 1.01 to 1.2), hypertriglyceridemia (OR, 5.7; 95% CI, 1.1 to 31.0), or use of beta-blocking agents (OR, 6.4; 95% CI, 1.3 to 31.2), and high fasting plasma glucose (OR, 1.2; 95% CI, 1.0 to 1.5) determined at 5-year examination predicted the development of stroke., CONCLUSIONS: Autonomic neuropathy is an independent risk factor for stroke in NIDDM.
Factor VII gene polymorphisms, factor VII:C levels and features of insulin resistance in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The macrovascular complications of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are related to the features of insulin resistance (IR). High Factor VII:C (FVII:C) levels are associated with increased cardiovascular risk and relate to a base change in the FVII gene detected by Msp I endonuclease, and also to an insertion polymorphism in the promoter region. To examine the association between FVII:C levels, genotype and features of IR, 95 NIDDM patients were studied. Genotype was related to FVII:C levels (M1M1 137%, n = 75; M1M2 and M2M2 114%, n = 20, p < 0.005; AA 136%, n = 71; Aa 119%, n = 21, p < 0.05), which is consistent with previous studies in healthy populations. FVII:C correlated with cholesterol (r = 0.51, p < 0.0005), insulin (r = 0.36, p = 0.002), triglycerides (r = 0.34, p = 0.001), age (r = 0.23, p < 0.005) and body mass index (r = 0.23, p < 0.05). When analysed by Msp I genotype, the stronger predictor of FVII:C levels, these correlations remained, with no difference in regression slopes. In a multiple regression model, genotype, cholesterol, insulin, and gender remained as independent predictors of FVII:C levels. In conclusion, FVII:C concentrations are elevated in NIDDM in relation to both FVII genotypes and features of IR.
Bone mineral density of the spine using dual energy X-ray absorptiometry in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To evaluate the influence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) on bone mineral density (BMD), we measured BMD in 185 female patients with NIDDM using dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA). BMD was measured in lumbar vertebrae (L2-4). BMD is slightly higher in the diabetic patients compared with control subjects and bone loss related to menopause starts before the onset of menopause. The BMD of postmenopausal women showed a definite decrease with aging and there was abrupt bone loss after 55 years of age (p < 0.05). In relation to the duration of diabetes, the decrease of BMD for 15 years was 10.0%. BMD was negatively correlated with age, years since menopause (YSM), and disease duration (r = -0.584, r = -0.470, r = -0.186). These results suggest that age, YSM, and the duration of disease appear to be the risk factors for decreased BMD in the diabetic patients.
Medial artery calcification. A neglected harbinger of cardiovascular complications in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Medial artery calcification (MAC) is a nonobstructive condition leading to reduced arterial compliance that is commonly considered as a nonsignificant finding. The aim of our study was to investigate the predictive value of MAC in relation to 7-year cardiovascular mortality, coronary heart disease (CHD) events, stroke, and lower extremity amputation in 1059 patients (581 men and 478 women) with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). At baseline radiologically detectable MAC in femoral arteries was found in 439 patients (41.5%) and intimal-type calcification in 310 diabetic patients (29.3%). The mean fasting plasma glucose at baseline was somewhat higher in women and the duration of diabetes somewhat longer in patients with MAC than in those without, but otherwise the presence of MAC was unrelated to conventional cardiovascular risk factors. During the follow-up 305 diabetic patients died: 208 from cardiovascular disease, 158 from CHD, and 34 from stroke. Furthermore, 58 NIDDM patients underwent their first lower extremity amputation. MAC was a strong independent predictor of total (risk factor-adjusted odds ratio and 95% confidence interval: 1.6; 1.2, 2.2), cardiovascular (1.6; 1.1, 2.2), and CHD (1.5; 1.0, 2.2) mortality, and it was also a significant predictor of future CHD events (fatal or nonfatal myocardial infarction), stroke, and amputation. This relationship was observed regardless of glycemic control and known duration of NIDDM. MAC is a strong marker of future cardiovascular events in NIDDM unrelated to cardiovascular risk factors, supporting the hypothesis that reduced arterial elasticity could lead to clinical manifestations of diabetic macroangiopathy.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus among First Nations children. New entity among First Nations people of north western Ontario.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the emergence of a new clinical form of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) among First Nations children., DESIGN: Case series developed through retrospective review of a computerized diabetes registry and of records from a hospital and clinic., SETTING: Sioux Lookout Zone Hospital, a secondary care referral hospital for 28 remote First Nations communities in northwestern Ontario, affiliated with the University of Toronto's Sioux Lookout Program., PARTICIPANTS: Eighteen First Nations youths younger than 16 years identified via the Sioux Lookout Diabetes Program registry and via hospital discharge records from 1978 to 1994. Three of the 18 subjects were excluded because data essential to the study were missing from their records., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Prevalence of NIDDM in this population, clinical presentation at diagnosis, and associated risk factors (including family history, obesity, and clinical management)., RESULTS: Age-adjusted prevalence was 2.5/1000 in this population, the highest yet reported for NIDDM in this age group. Ratio of female to male subjects was 6:1. Typical patients were asymptomatic, obese adolescents who were not prone to ketosis and whose families had a strong history of NIDDM., CONCLUSIONS: Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus can occur during childhood, particularly among First Nations people.
Significance of metabolic and blood pressure factors in relation to microangiopathy and macroangiopathy in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We are actively seeking methods to prevent and to limit the progression of angiopathy in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). In the present study, we conducted a clinical and epidemiological survey to clarify the clinical factors responsible for the development and progression of diabetic microangiopathy (MI) and macroangiopathy (MA). A total of 107 patients (58 female and 49 male) were randomly selected from 145 NIDDM patients. Twenty-four patient variables were selected for analysis. We identified PWV, UAI, RETINOP, MCV-T, SCV-S, MCV-P, SBP, and DBP as responsible factors and carried out stepwise multiple regression analyses. The following explanatory variables were found to be significant: age > SCV-S (P < 0.0001) for the criterion variable PWV, BUN > HbA1c > MCV-P > HT-drug > HDL-C (P < 0.0001) for log(e) UAI, DM-thera > SBP (P < 0.0001) for RETINOP, MCV-P (P < 0.0001) for MCV-T, IRI > SBP > MCV-P > S-CR (P < 0.0002) for SCV-S, MCV-T > SCV-S > DM-thera (P < 0.0001) for MCV-P, DBP > HT-drug > BUN > MCV-P (P < 0.0001) for SBP, and SBP > PWV > sex (P < 0.0001) for DBP. In summary, responsible factors for MI and MA in NIDDM had metabolic and blood pressure factors in common. Moreover, MI was a responsible factor for MA, which becomes a responsible factor for MI because it is a responsible factor for blood pressure factors. Thus, all the responsible factors for MA represented by MI and PWV had metabolic and blood pressure factors in common. The results of this study suggest that metabolic and blood pressure factors must be controlled to prevent and to limit the progression of diabetic MI and MA in NIDDM patients.
Diversity of the neuropathies in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The relationships between cardiac autonomic neuropathies, diabetic somatic neuropathy, metabolic parameters, general parameters (such as age and duration of illness) and diabetic microangiopathy and macroangiopathy were investigated in 103 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Spearman's correlation coefficients were calculated for the comparisons of all the parameters of the neuropathies with all the other parameters. Variables were selected using a stepwise procedure and multiple regression analysis was carried out using these variables. The results of the regression analysis show that diabetic neuropathy is correlated with vascular parameters including blood pressure and pulse-wave velocity, as well as with parameters of sugar and lipid metabolism. The results confirm the diversity of the clinical characteristics of the neuropathies in patients with NIDDM and confirm that these neuropathies do not always occur in parallel.
The renal response to exogenous insulin in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in relation to blood pressure and cardiovascular hormonal status.; BACKGROUND: Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is characterized by insulin resistance hyperinsulinaemia and a high frequency of hypertension. It has recently been shown that insulin exerts a sodium-retaining effect, which is preserved in NIDDM: We sought to determine whether insulin affected renal sodium handling differently in hypertensive and normotensive NIDDM patients., METHODS: After a baseline period of 2 h, eight normotensive (N-) NIDDM patients and eight NIDDM patients with hypertension (H-) underwent a euglycaemic clamp with infusion of two sequential doses of insulin (50 and 500 mU/kg/h) or vehicle (time control) during 2-h periods each. Fractional clearances of sodium and lithium were determined according to standard methods. Fractional lithium clearance was used to assess segmental tubular sodium handling., RESULTS: Insulin induced similar decrements in fractional sodium excretion (N-NIDDM: 43+/-5.9 and 57+/-9.1%,H-N IDDM: 48+/-16.4 and 62+/-12.5%, low and high insulin dose respectively). Distal tubular sodium absorption increased simultaneously. A fall in fractional proximal sodium reabsorption was observed in N-NIDDM (4.4+/-2.7 and 29.8+/-5.1%, low and high insulin dose respectively), which was attenuated in H-NIDDM (-5.0+/-7.3 and -2.1+/-13.9% respectively). The latter appeared to be related to a defective atrial natriuretic factor (ANF) and renal cyclic GMP response. A modest decrease in blood pressure occurred during insulin infusion that was not related to changes in ANF or FeLi., CONCLUSIONS: The findings suggest that insulin-induced sodium retention may contribute to hypertension in NIDDM if the homeostatic response to offset this effect fails.
Moderately intense physical activities and high levels of cardiorespiratory fitness reduce the risk of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in middle-aged men.; BACKGROUND: Physical activity has been advocated as an important factor in the primary prevention of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), but information concerning the specific intensities and durations that are protective has been unavailable., OBJECTIVE: To examine prospectively the association between self-reported levels of the intensity and duration of physical activities, and cardiorespiratory fitness (assessed by respiratory gas exchange) and incident cases of NIDDM (assessed by the oral glucose tolerance test) in a population-based sample of 897 middle-aged Finnish men., RESULTS: After adjustment for age, baseline glucose values, body mass index, serum triglyceride levels, parental history of diabetes, and alcohol consumption, moderately intense physical activities (> or = 5.5 metabolic units) that were undertaken for at least a 40-minute duration per week were associated with a reduced risk of NIDDM (odds ration [OR], 0.44; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.22-0.88). Activities with less than an intensity of 5.5 metabolic units, regardless of their duration, were not protective. Cardiorespiratory fitness levels greater than 31.0 mL of oxygen per kilogram per minute were protective against NIDDM (OR, 0.26; 95% CI, 0.08-0.82). A subgroup of men at high risk of NIDDM, because they were overweight and were hypertensive and had a positive parental history of NIDDM, who engaged in moderately intense physical activities above the 40-min/wk duration reduced their risk of NIDDM by 64% compared with men who did not participate in such activities., CONCLUSIONS: After adjustment for age, baseline glucose levels, and known risk factors, physical activities with an intensity of 5.5 metabolic units or greater and a duration of 40 minutes or greater per week protected against the development of NIDDM. These protective effects were even more pronounced in a subgroup of men who were at high risk for the development of the disease.
Alterations in basal and glucose-stimulated voltage-dependent Ca2+ channel activities in pancreatic beta cells of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus GK rats.; In genetically occurring non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) model rats (GK rats), the activities of L- and T-type Ca2+ channels in pancreatic beta cells are found to be augmented, by measuring the Ba2+ currents via these channels using whole-cell patch-clamp technique, while the patterns of the current-voltage curves are indistinguishable. The hyper-responsiveness of insulin secretion to nonglucose depolarizing stimuli observed in NIDDM beta cells could be the result, therefore, of increased voltage-dependent Ca2+ channel activity. Perforated patch-clamp recordings reveal that the augmentation of L-type Ca2+ channel activity by glucose is markedly less pronounced in GK beta cells than in control beta cells, while glucose-induced augmentation of T-type Ca2+ channel activity is observed neither in the control nor in the GK beta cells. This lack of glucose-induced augmentation of L-type Ca2+ channel activity in GK beta cells might be causatively related to the selective impairment of glucose-induced insulin secretion in NIDDM beta cells, in conjunction with an insufficient plasma membrane depolarization due to impaired closure of the ATP-sensitive K+ channels caused by the disturbed intracellular glucose metabolism in NIDDM beta cells.
Mitochondrial DNA 3394 mutation in the NADH dehydrogenase subunit 1 associated with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) mutation is associated with a subtype of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We identified two homoplasmic mtDNA mutations at the positions of 3394 (T-C) and 3423 (G-T) in a NIDDM patient with clinical features of mitochondrial encephalopathy. The mtDNA 3394T-C mutation changed a conserved tyrosine to a histidine in NADH dehydrogenase subunit 1. The frequency of mtDNA 3994 T-C mutation was determined with Polymerase Chain Reaction-Restriction Fragment Length Polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) in general NIDDM patients and nondiabetic control subjects. The mutation was seen in 4.9% of NIDDM patients and 1.3% of nondiabetic controls. It is indicated that the mtDNA 3394 T-C mutation is associated with NIDDM in Japan.
Plasma lipoprotein composition and cholesteryl ester transfer from high density lipoproteins to very low density and low density lipoproteins in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We have examined cholesteryl ester transfer (CET) from HDL to low density and very low density lipoproteins (LDL and VLDL) and lecithin: cholesterol acyl transferase (LCAT) activity in plasma from 28 men with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) treated with diet alone or diet and sulphonylurea drugs and in 27 healthy non-diabetic controls. Patients and healthy subjects had similar LCAT activity, but CET was significantly higher in NIDDM 26.1 +/- 11.5 mumol l-1 h-1) than in healthy men (17.8 +/- 6.5 mumol l-1 h-1) (p = 0.001). Diabetic men also had higher CET compared to 15 healthy non-diabetic men (18.7 +/- 5.6 mumol l-1 h-1) (p = 0.001) with similar serum lipids. CET activity was similar in patients treated with diet alone (24.8 +/- mumol l-1 h-1) or with sulphonylureas (27.7 +/- 15.8 mumol l-1 h-1). The Sf 0-12 fraction was significantly enriched with total cholesterol (p = 0.0001) and free cholesterol (p = 0.0006) in diabetic subjects whether treated with diet alone or on sulphonylureas compared to the 15 non-diabetic controls matched for serum triglycerides. The free cholesterol/phospholipid, the free cholesterol/total protein and the free cholesterol/mass ratios were increased in the Sf 0-12 fraction in diabetic subjects (p < 0.01). These findings indicate that CET is accelerated in patients with NIDDM and that this may be due to the altered composition of acceptor lipoproteins.
Relationships between glucose metabolism and thermogenesis with and without prior exercise in obese women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The rate of insulin-stimulated glucose disposal is reduced in individuals with insulin resistance, and is associated with a blunted or absent increase in energy expenditure in response to a glucose load. The magnitude of the effect of glucose on energy expenditure (EGEE) may be a function of opposing changes in the rate of glucose disposal (Rd) and hepatic glucose production (HGP). In this study, six women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were studied on a metabolic ward in each of three conditions. On days 1 and 2, they did no exercise (NX) or else performed low-intensity exercise ([LO] 3,118 kJ [745 kcal]) at 50% maximal oxygen consumption [V0(2)max]) or high-intensity exercise ([HI] 3,114 kJ [744 kcal] at 75% V0(2)max). On day 3, infusion of 6,6(2)H-glucose in the basal state was immediately followed by infusion of glucose, 6,6(2)H-glucose, and insulin at fixed rates. Indirect calorimetry was performed during the last 30 minutes of each infusion. EGEE was not different among the three conditions (mean +/- SEM: NX -0.18 +/- 0.11, LO -0.08 +/- 0.05, and HI -0.08 +/- 0.07 kJ/min) and was inversely related to steady-state plasma glucose concentration, a direct measure of insulin resistance (r = -.89, P < .05). EGEE was positively correlated with glucose Rd (r = .94, P < .001) and negatively correlated with HGP (r = -.91, P < .05). The data indicate that the glucose effect on energy expenditure was slightly positive in the more insulin-sensitive individuals, but negative in the more insulin-resistant subjects. The EGEE appears to be determined by the relative balance between energy required to store glucose and energy saved by suppression of glucose production.
Nocturnal rise of leptin in lean, obese, and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus subjects.; We studied 24-h profiles of circulating leptin levels using a sensitive and specific RIA in lean controls and obese subjects with or without non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) during normal routine activity. Serum leptin levels were significantly higher in obese (41.7 +/- 9.0 ng/ml; n = 11) and obese NIDDM (30.8 +/- 6.7; n = 9) subjects compared with those in lean controls (12.0 +/- 4.4, n = 6). In all the three groups, serum leptin levels were highest between midnight and early morning hours and lowest around noon to midafternoon. The nocturnal rise in leptin levels was significant when data were analyzed by ANOVA (lean: F = 3.17, P < 0.0001, n = 4; obese: F = 2.02, P < 0.005, n = 11; and obese NIDDM: F = 4.9, P < 0.0001, n = 5). The average circadian amplitude between acrophase and nadir was 75.6% in lean, 51.7%, in obese and 60.7% in obese NIDDM groups, respectively. No significant correlations (P > 0.05) were observed between circulating levels of leptin and either insulin or glucose levels in any of the 20 subjects studied for 24-h profiles. The nocturnal rise in leptin observed in the present study resembles those reported for prolactin, thyroid-stimulating hormone, and free fatty acids. We speculate that the nocturnal rise in leptin could have an effect in suppressing appetite during the night while sleeping.
Promoter variation in the liver glucokinase is a risk factor for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We have previously reported a common variation in the liver promoter of the human glucokinase, which is regulated by insulin, in the patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The variation occurred within a 10-bp region completely conserved between human and rat. Its basic motif was almost identical to the insulin regulatory element of the phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase gene. In vitro transfection experiment showed that the G-to-A variation causes a 58% reduction in the promoter activity. After oral glucose challenge, the homozygous A/A subjects had the highest stimulated insulin levels at 60 and 90 minutes and the highest insulin area under the curve as compared to the subjects with other genotypes, which suggested the homozygous A/A subjects were more insulin resistant. As insulin resistance is a risk factor of NIDDM, we concluded that this promoter variation is a risk factor for NIDDM.
Increased incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus among adolescents.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether a rise in the diagnosis of non-insulin- dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has accompanied the rise in obesity in the pediatric population, as it has among adults., STUDY DESIGN: Medical records of 1027 consecutive patients from birth to age 19 years with a diagnosis of diabetes from 1982 to 1995 at a regional, university-affiliated pediatric diabetes referral center were reviewed and classified according to criteria of the National Diabetes Data Group., RESULTS: The number of patients with a diagnosis of NIDDM rose from approximately 4% of new diagnoses of diabetes in patients from birth to age 19 years before 1992, to 16% in 1994. Among patients 10 to 19 years of age, NIDDM accounted for 33% of diagnoses of diabetes in 1994. The incidence of adolescent NIDDM in Greater Cincinnati increased tenfold, from 0.7/100,000 per year in 1982 to 7.2/100,000 per year in 1994. The mean (+/- SD) age and body mass index at presentation were 13.8 +/- 1.9 years and 37.7 +/- 9.6 kg/m2, respectively. The overall female/male ratio was 1.7:1, and female patients were seen 1 year earlier than male patients (p < 0.01). Male subjects had a higher body mass index than female subjects (p < 0.05). A first-degree relative with NIDDM was identified for 65% of patients. At presentation, 21% of the patients had had a diagnosis of at least one other condition associated with obesity., CONCLUSION: There is an increasing incidence of NIDDM among adolescents in Greater Cincinnati, accompanying the national rise in adolescent obesity. Obesity and strong family histories of NIDDM are important risk factors. Because NIDDM leads to long-term morbidity, the prevention of obesity as well as early identification of overt disease, is critical.
Effect of 24 hours of starvation on plasma glucose and insulin concentrations in subjects with untreated non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Adherence to a low-calorie diet often results in a decrease in blood glucose concentration in persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Whether this is due to the resultant weight loss or to a decrease in caloric intake has been uncertain. We have obtained data previously that indicated a very short-term reduction in caloric intake (5 hours) resulted in a significant decrease in plasma glucose concentration in subjects with NIDDM. The purpose of the present study was to determine if a further decrease in glucose would occur if the fast was extended from 5 to 24 hours. Seven male subjects with untreated NIDDM were studied after an 11-hour overnight fast. For the subsequent 24-hour period, subjects were given only water. Blood was obtained for glucose, insulin, C-peptide, triglycerides, nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) alpha-amino acid nitrogen, urea nitrogen, and glucagon at hourly intervals for 24 hours beginning at 8 AM. The amount of glycogen degraded was calculated based on the potassium balance. Plasma glucose decreased from 158 mg/dL at 8 AM to a nadir of 104 mg/dL at 7 PM. It then increased by 30 mg/dL. Corresponding changes occurred in insulin and C-peptide. Serum glucagon remained unchanged. Serum alpha-amino acid nitrogen and urea nitrogen decreased. Triglycerides and NEFA increased. The calculated glycogen utilized over this period was approximately 167 g. This would provide approximately 700 kcal energy. The elevated blood glucose concentration in mild to moderately severe untreated NIDDM subjects was normalized following short-term fasting. Plasma insulin concentrations also decreased to within normal limits. These decreases were highly significant. Glycogenolysis is an important source of fuel during this period.
Exercise training has a long-lasting effect on prevention of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Otsuka-Long-Evans-Tokushima Fatty rats.; Exercise training has been shown to be effective in preventing the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in a model rat (Otsuka-Long-Evans-Tokushima Fatty [OLETF]). For determination of how long a preventive effect of exercise training against the development of NIDDM lasts in this model, six male OLETF rats each were assigned to training (1) for a whole experimental period, from 7 to 28 weeks of age (E-E); (2) for the first half of the period, from 7 to 15 weeks of age (E-S); and (3) for the second half of the period, from 16 to 28 weeks of age (S-E). In addition, eight male OLETF rats were given no exercise during the experimental period (S-S). At 28 weeks of age, E-E, E-S, S-E, and S-S rats, weighed averages of 514, 542, 557, and 669 g and had abdominal fat deposits of 13.9, 21.3, 38.2, and 76.0 g, respectively. At 28 weeks of age, the cumulative incidence of NIDDM in S-S was 100%, while none of the trained rats were diabetic. The glucose infusion rate (GIR) during a hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp test, an index of insulin sensitivity, in the E-E group was significantly greater than that in the S-S group. The values in the E-S and S-E groups were slightly, but not significantly, less than that in the E-E group. Morphologic studies on the pancreas of E-E rats and S-E rats showed minimal changes of islets, whereas sections of islets from E-S rats appeared slightly enlarged and fibrotic, although significantly less than those of islets of S-S rats. These results demonstrate that the preventive effect of excercise training against the development of NIDDM lasts for at least 3 months after the cessation of exercise in this model.
Effects of diet composition and ketosis on glycemia during very-low-energy-diet therapy in obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To determine whether high-ketogenic very-low-energy diets (VLEDs) can reduce hepatic glucose output (HGO) and hyperglycemia more effectively than can low-ketogenic VLEDs in obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), seven patients were treated with a high-ketogenic VLED for 3 wk and were compared with six patients treated with a low-ketogenic VLED. All patients were then crossed over and treated with the alternate diet for another 3 wk. Basal HGO, fasting ketone bodies, and glycemia, insulin, and C-peptide after fasting and an oral-glucose-tolerance test (OGTT) were measured. Before treatment, prediet weight and fasting, OGTT, and HGO measurements were not different between groups. After dieting, weight loss was not different between the groups. However, fasting and OGTT glycemia were lower during treatment with the high-ketogenic VLED than with the low-ketogenic VLED (treatment effect: P < 0.05, by analysis of variance). Moreover, there was a strong correlation between basal HGO and fasting plasma ketone bodies (r = -0.71 at 3 wk, r = -0.67 at 6 wk; both P < 0.05). In contrast, fasting and OGTT plasma insulin and C-peptide concentrations were not different between treatment groups. These data indicate that in obese patients with NIDDM, high-ketogenic VLEDs have a more clinically favorable effect on glycemia than do low-ketogenic VLEDs.
Oral glucose ingestion stimulates cholecystokinin release in normal subjects and patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The role of glucose in the regulation of plasma cholecystokinin (CCK) level was investigated in healthy control subjects and patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Plasma CCK concentration was determined by a specific and sensitive bioassay and by a highly sensitive and reliable double-antibody radioimmunoassay using OAL-656 as an antiserum. In control subjects, ingestion of Trelan G-75 (1,200 mOsm/L,225 mL), which is equivalent to 75 g glucose as metabolic products, caused a rapid and significant increase in plasma CCK bioactivity from 1.3 +/- 0.2 to a peak of 5.8 +/- 0.6 pmol/L and immunoreactive CCK concentration from 1.2 +/- 0.1 to 4.6 +/- 0.6 pmol/L. Ingestion of 75 g glucose in 225 mL water (33.3% solution) increased plasma CCK bioactivity to a similar degree to that observed following Trelan G-75 (peak response, 4.5 +/- 0.4 pmol/L). The same volume of 0.9% NaCl solution or water failed to increase plasma CCK concentration. A smaller dose of glucose (50 b/150 mL water) increased plasma CCK concentration, although the peak level (3.0 +/- 0.5 pmol/L) was less than that observed following 75 g glucose. In patients with NIDDM, Trelan G-75 ingestion increased CCK concentration, but the peak level was lower, albeit insignificantly, than that of normal subjects. When the maximal increment of plasma CCK above the basal value was compared between control and NIDDM subjects, the differences were statistically significant (NIDDM, 3.6 +/- 0.1 pmol/L; control, 5.0 +/- 0.4; P < .01). However, integrated CCK responses to Trelan G-75 in NIDDM (165.8 +/- 15.5 pmol/120 min) were not significantly different from those in control subjects (189.8 +/- 15.9 pmol/120 min). Peak CCK bioactivity occurred within 10 to 30 minutes of ingestion, preceding the increase in glucose and insulin. These results suggest a possible effect of CCK on insulin release in humans, and that the CCK secretory response to glucose in well-controlled diabetic patients is not significantly altered.
Forum Three: Changes in the U.S. health care system that would facilitate improved care for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; At the conclusion of the conference detailed in this supplement, conference attendees participated in one of three fora to discuss an assigned topic and incorporate conference presentations into the discussion. Forum Three, the results of which are reported here, addressed the challenging question of what changes in the U.S. health care system would facilitate improved care for patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Using the nominal group process-a discussion technique designed to obtain a rank-ordered list of responses to the challenge question from a group of informed persons-Forum Three made the following priority recommendations: 1) Establish universal access to the comprehensive preventive services necessary to optimally manage the estimated 16 million Americans with NIDDM; 2) create a system of co-management between primary and specialty care services; and 3) modify the current health care system to include a program for increased patient and public awareness of the seriousness of NIDDM, special training for primary care residents and practicing physicians in this area, development of standards of care, creation of a central coordinating agency for all aspects of diabetes care, and development of outcome-based goals for patients and providers.
Forum Two: Unanswered research questions about metabolic control in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The participants of Forum Two addressed the unanswered research questions about metabolic control and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The most compelling issue was the effect of metabolic control on both the development and progression of macrovascular disease in patients with NIDDM. Associated questions that could be answered by a well-controlled clinical trial related to the goal of blood glucose control in NIDDM in the elderly and in persons with clinical vascular disease. The specific suggestion was a trial similar to the Veterans Affairs Cooperative Study on Glycemic Control and Complications in NIDDM. Another important research issue that was discussed was the benefit of treating other risk factors such as hypertension and hyperlipidemia in diabetic patients. Yet another area discussed was the study of health services delivery to examine the best care-delivery methods for diabetes and other chronic diseases. Other areas of discussion centered on basic research, that is, the fundamental cause of insulin resistance and the genetics of NIDDM and the loss of protection against atherosclerosis in postmenopausal women with diabetes.
Forum One: Current recommendations about intensification of metabolic control in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; PURPOSE: To review issues about intensive management of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and to formulate recommendations for goals and general approaches to implementation of intensive management., METHOD: A panel of clinical scientists and practitioners specializing in diabetes initially used a formal nominal process to identify the points of agreement on major issues. These points were further refined in a general conference discussion., CONCLUSIONS: 1) On the basis of data from intervention trials in IDDM that prove that intensive glycemic control reduces microvascular and neuropathic complications, coupled with epidemiologic and basic scientific data that support the strong likelihood of a similar benefit in NIDDM, the goal of treatment in NIDDM should be near-normal glycemia (glycohemoglobin level no higher than 1.0% above the upper normal limit); 2) glycemic targets should be adjusted individually according to clinical factors such as increased risk for hypoglycemia, advanced age, or reduced life expectancy from comorbid conditions; 3) some degree of comprehensive and repetitive instruction about diet and exercise and the use of blood glucose self-monitoring for all patients is essential to achieve the chosen targets; 4) intensive management of hyperglycemia should be instituted early and should initially emphasize diet and exercise therapy; staged introduction of oral hypoglycemic agents and finally insulin regimens of increasing complexity are recommended as needed to achieve glycemic targets; 5) comprehensive care must also include aggressive attempts to reduce cardiovascular risk factors (particularly hypertension, smoking, dyslipidemia, and obesity) as well as prevention of nephropathy and neuropathy; 6) the complex interaction among treatment regimens for hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia, obesity, and hypertension ideally requires a team approach, using a physician, diabetes educator, nurse, dietitian, and other health professionals; health insurers should make these resources available to generalists who currently care for most diabetic patients.
Barriers to care in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. The Michigan experience.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the barriers to optimal care at the community level for patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., DESIGN: Comprehensive evaluation of the clinical, psychosocial, and educational status of community-based patients with NIDDM, with subsequent review by local diabetes advisory councils of this status and the care those patients have received. The frequency with which patients visited their physician for diabetes management, received patient education, received diet counseling, and were examined by an ophthalmologist-four services universally recognized to be components of optimal diabetes care-was determined for all patients., SETTING: Eight Michigan communities, four large and four small., PATIENTS: From 1988 to 1994, 1056 patients with NIDDM defined by stimulated C-peptide criteria) were studied., RESULTS: The frequency with which all patients with NIDDM visited their community primary care physician in 1994 was 3.7 times per year (4.6 times for patients taking insulin and 3.2 times for those not taking insulin). Thirty-three percent of all patients with NIDDM (48% of those taking insulin and 24% of those not taking insulin) had received all three other essential services, whereas 15% (6% taking insulin and 20% not taking insulin) had never received any of these services. Factors contributing to this level of care and barriers preventing more intensive management of community-based patients with NIDDM were identified by the diabetes advisory councils as they analyzed data from their own communities. The councils determined that the main barriers to optimal care of community-based patients with NIDDM are that 1) NIDDM is not considered or managed as a serious problem by most physicians and their patients; 2) the genetic basis for and refractory nature of obesity are not generally appreciated; and 3) as a complex, multisystemic chronic illness, diabetes fits poorly in a health care delivery system designed to deal with acute and episodic illnesses., CONCLUSION: Most community-based patients with NIDDM are not aggressively managed because of attitudinal, educational, and systemic factors that act as barriers to optimal health care delivery.
Glycemic control and the risk for coronary heart disease in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. The Finnish studies.; PURPOSE: To review population-based studies that investigated the association and nature of association between glycemic control and the risk for coronary heart disease in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., DATA SOURCES: Study 1 included 133 newly diagnosed patients with NIDDM from eastern Finland, who were 45 to 64 years of age at baseline. These patients were followed up to 10 years for cardiovascular mortality. Study 2 included 229 newly or previously diagnosed patients with NIDDM from eastern Finland, aged 65 to 74 years at baseline. These patients were followed up to 3.5 years for coronary heart disease mortality and all coronary heart disease events (mortality or nonfatal myocardial infarction)., STUDY SELECTION: Prospective, population-based studies that included indicators of glycemic control and the evaluation of coronary heart disease and cardiovascular risk., RESULTS: Study 1: 10-year cardiovascular mortality was significantly and linearly associated with glycemic control (fasting blood glucose and glycated hemoglobin A1 levels) independently of the mode of treatment. A high fasting blood glucose level significantly predicted cardiovascular mortality in multiple logistic regression analysis independently of other risk factors. Study 2: Glycated hemoglobin A1c was the most important single risk factor associated with coronary heart disease death or all coronary heart disease events. In multiple logistic regression analysis, glycated hemoglobin A1c was significantly associated with coronary heart disease death after adjustment for other cardiovascular risk factors., CONCLUSIONS: Two prospective, population-based studies from Finland give evidence for the linear association of glycemic control with the risk for coronary heart disease in middle-aged and elderly patients with NIDDM.
Sex differences in coagulation and fibrinolysis in white subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The increase in cardiovascular risk associated with having non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is far greater in women than men. Conventional risk factors do not account for this excess, and attention has focused on the possible contribution of abnormalities of fibrinolysis and coagulation in NIDDM. In the general population a number of hemostatic factors have been shown to predict the occurrence or progression of coronary artery disease. To investigate sex differences in coagulation and fibrinolysis in NIDDM, we measured levels of fibrinogen, factor VII:C, von Willebrand factor, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, and tissue plasminogen activator in 213 NIDDM subjects (124 men and 89 women) who were not receiving insulin therapy. The women had higher levels of factor VII:C (144% versus 120.5% in men, P < .0005) and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 activity (25.6 versus 17.0 U/mL), and these differences remained significant when account was taken of the higher body mass index (29.6 versus 28.0 kg/m2, P = .02), glycosylated hemoglobin (7.2% versus 6.8%, P < .05), and cholesterol levels (6.3 versus 5.7 mmol/L, P < .0005) in women than men. In contrast, levels of fibrinogen (3.2 versus 3.1 g/L), tissue plasminogen activator antigen (10.6 versus 11.2 ng/mL), and von Willebrand factor (1.27 versus 1.23 IU/mL) were no different between women and men, respectively. These results suggest that elevated levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and factor VII:C may contribute to the increased cardiovascular risk of NIDDM that is particularly marked in women.
Hyperhomocysteinemia following a methionine load in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and macrovascular disease.; In the setting of an outpatient diabetic clinic, we determined whether macrovascular disease in patients with diabetes mellitus is associated with hyperhomocysteinemia (elevated plasma homocysteine [H(e)] concentrations) following a methionine load. Methionine-load tests were performed in 18 healthy controls, 11 diabetics without vascular disease (five insulin-dependent [IDDM] and six non-insulin-dependent [NIDDM]); and 17 diabetics with vascular disease (five IDDM and 12 NIDDM). All subjects were male, and there was no significant difference in mean age among the three groups. We measured plasma H(e) concentrations before and 2, 4, 6, 8, and 24 hours after an oral methionine load. Hyperhomocysteinemia (peak plasma H(e) concentration > control mean +/- 2 SD) occurred with significantly greater frequency (seven of 18, 39%) in patients with NIDDM as compared with age-matched controls (7%), being more common in those with macrovascular disease (five of 12, 41%). The area under the curve (AUC) over 24 hours, reflecting the total period of exposure to H(e), was also elevated with greater frequency in patients with NIDDM and macrovascular disease (33%) as compared with controls (0%). We conclude that hyperhomocysteinemia is associated with macrovascular disease in a significant proportion of patients with NIDDM. Further investigation of this association may determine whether hyperhomocysteinemia contributes to the increased frequency and accelerated clinical course of vascular disease in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Genetic analysis of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in the GK rat.; Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a major public health problem, but its aetiology remains poorly understood. We have performed a comprehensive study of the genetic basis of diabetes in the Goto-Kakizaki (GK) rat, the most widely used animal model of non-obese NIDDM. The genetic dissection of NIDDM using this model has allowed us to map three independent loci involved in the disease. In addition, we identify a major factor affecting body weight, but not glucose tolerance, on chromosome 7 and map a further 10 regions that are suggestive for linkage. We conclude that NIDDM is polygenic and fasting hyperglycaemia and postprandial hyperglycaemia clearly have distinct genetic bases.
Management of obesity in non- insulin- dependent diabetes mellitus.; Obesity is common in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients; in Singapore in a cohort of 314 diabetics, 44.3% were overweight. Management of obesity in diabetics differs from that in non-diabetics in that it is more urgent; weight maintenance is more difficult and hypoglycaemic medication may cause weight changes. However, like in the non-diabetic, management of obesity in the diabetic requires a pragmatic and realistic approach. A team approach is required: the help of a nurse educator, a dietitian, behaviour modification therapist, exercise therapist and others are required. A detailed history, careful physical examination and relevant investigations are required to assess the severity of the diabetic state and to exclude an occasional underlying cause of the obesity in the obese NIDDM patient. Weight loss is urgent in the obese NIDDM patient, especially for those with android obesity. There must be a reduction in energy intake. Weight loss leads to an improvement in glucose tolerance and in insulin sensitivity, as well as to a reduction in lipid levels and to a fall in blood pressure in the hypertensive. Exercise is of limited short-term value measured in terms of weight reduction, except in the younger obese NIDDM patient; but it does allow improvement in overall metabolic control and, long-term, is critical for preferred weight maintenance. The biguanide, Metformin, is the hypoglycaemic drug of choice as it leads to consistent weight reduction. The sulphonylureas may cause weight gain. Insulin should be avoided where possible as it causes further weight gain. Other hypoglycaemic agents include Glucobay (alpha-glucosidase inhibitor) and Troglitazone (insulin sensitizer) which do not alter the weight. Orlistat (lipase inhibitor) is promising as it causes reduction of weight, blood glucose and lipid levels. Anti-obesity drugs (noradrenergic and serotonergic agents) have modest effects on weight reduction in the obese NIDDM patient; a widely-used preparation, Dexfenfluramine (Adifax), has been withdrawn because of side-effects. Surgery such as gastric plication is the last resort in treating the morbidly obese NIDDM patient. Against this background, the institution of life-long food and exercise habits which favour health, body composition and fat distribution are paramount in the prevention and minimization of expression of NIDDM. The discovery of leptin in 1994 has led to intense research into energy homeostasis in obesity; hopefully this will lead to better treatment of obesity in diabetics and non-diabetics.
Obesity and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. 22-23 April 1998, The Royal Society, London, UK.; This two-day meeting provided researchers with an overview of the broad range of targets for possible drug development by highlighting a range of receptor molecules and factors controlling food intake. The direct or indirect role various proteins play in the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or obesity were discussed. Mutations resulting in NIDDM or obesity in animal models were highlighted, although these mapped mutations have not as yet been shown to be the main cause of NIDDM in humans. This further highlights the complexity of these diseases resulting in a broad spectrum phenotype. The importance of NIDDM and obesity research was stressed in the global forecast contributing to social and economic problems in both developed and developing countries. The management and early detection of NIDDM was proposed as the best means of reducing therapeutic costs and the severity of the diseases.
A comparison of fosinopril and hydrochlorothiazide with hydrochlorothiazide in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients with mild to moderate hypertension.; A multicentre, randomised, double-blind, parallel-group study of the tolerability and antihypertensive efficacy of once-daily fosinopril 20 mg/hydrochlorothiazide 12.5mg (FOS/HCTZ) compared with once-daily hydrochlorothiazide 25mg (HCTZ) was conducted in 142 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and mild to moderate essential hypertension. After 12 weeks of treatment, both groups had statistically significant mean changes from baseline in seated diastolic and systolic blood pressures (FOS/HCTZ, -15.0mm Hg; HCTZ, -11.9mm Hg for seated diastolic blood pressure). The difference between treatment groups was statistically significant (p < 0.001). In addition, normalisation of seated diastolic blood pressure was achieved in 85% of FOS/HCTZ patients compared with 71% of HCTZ patients. A statistically significant difference (p < 0.05) in favour of FOS/HCTZ was observed for the total number of favourable responses (normalisation or >/=10mm Hg reduction in seated diastolic blood pressure) at week 12 and for the end-point analysis. One FOS/HCTZ patient and 5 HCTZ patients discontinued treatment because of adverse events. No clinically significant changes in serum glucose, potassium or cholesterol were observed. A slight but statistically significant increase in fasting triglycerides occurred with FOS/HCTZ compared with HCTZ (+26.1 vs +13.5 mg/dl, respectively; p < 0.05). These results show that the combination of fosinopril and hydrochlorothiazide has considerable potential as an effective antihypertensive regimen that does not significantly alter glucose or lipid metabolism in patients with NIDDM.
Hydrogen peroxide formation in platelets of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; A group of 29 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) was compared with a group of 19 patients who had good glycemic control for platelet activity and hydrogen peroxide formation. NIDDM patients showed platelet hyperactivity in response to low ADP concentrations. In addition, stimulated platelets from untreated NIDDM patients produced more hydrogen peroxide than platelets of treated and normal subjects. Hydrogen peroxide accumulation was not related to modification of the enzymatic systems involved in its synthesis and break-down. The specific activities of NAD(P)H cytochrome C reductase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase and glutathione reductase were not different between patients and healthy subjects. It is likely that the platelet intracellular elevation of reactive oxygen free-radicals could play an important role in the vascular complications and thrombotic risk that is often present in NIDDM patients.
The combination of insulin and metformin in treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether, in the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), (1) metformin in conjunction with insulin can safely cause a decrease in glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) to 7% or less and (2) this combination therapy may result in weight loss and lower insulin dose in comparison with insulin treatment alone., METHODS: Forty patients with NIDDM being treated with insulin on their first visit to the Diabetes Center were identified by retrospective review of medical records of all patients encountered during a 1-year period. These patients were classified into groups who were receiving insulin only (group 1) or insulin + metformin (group 2) at the most recent visit. Group 2 was subdivided into those with a body mass index of either =30 kg/m 2 (group 2A) or >30 kg/m 2 (group 2B). Blood glucose, HbA1c, insulin dose, and weights were analyzed from their initial and most recent visits., RESULTS: HbA1c decreased from 10 +/- 2.7% to 7 +/- 1.1% (P<0.01) in group 1 and from 9.8 +/- 2.1% to 7.2 +/- 1.4% (P<0.01) in group 2. The magnitude of decrease in HbA1c, however, was not different between the two groups. Total insulin dose increased from 40 (33 to 50) U/day to 58 (41 to 67) U/day (P<0.05) in group 1 and from 63 (42 to 118) U/day to 67 (50 to 96) U/day in group 2 (not significantly different). The median increase in insulin dose was 8 U in group 1, whereas the median decrease was 3 U in group 2 (P<0.05). Similar decreases were noted in group 2A. The decrease in insulin dose was inversely related to the initial insulin dose per kilogram of body weight in group 2 (r = -0.5; P<0.01). Patients in group 1 had an increase in weight from 75.0 +/- 8.6 kg to 77.7 +/- 9.0 kg (P<0.01), whereas weight decreased from 100.4 +/- 24.2 kg to 98.5 +/- 22.3 kg in group 2 (P<0.05). A decrease in weight was seen even in group 2A. The increase in weight was 3 +/- 3.3 kg in group 1, whereas weight decreased by 1.9 +/- 3.9 kg in group 2 (P<0.01)., CONCLUSION: Insulin + metformin is safe and is as effective as insulin alone in improving glycemic control in obese and nonobese patients with NIDDM. This combination therapy, however, lowers insulin dose and promotes weight loss, which may be of importance in decreasing the cardiovascular risk factors in these subjects.
New therapeutic approaches to non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To review the new treatment strategies for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: Various measures aimed at either increasing insulin secretion or decreasing insulin resistance are outlined. In addition, the management of obesity in patients with diabetes is discussed., RESULTS: Two new sulfonylureas being investigated are repaglinide, which has a rapid onset of action, rapid reversal, and potential usefulness as a preprandial treatment of NIDDM, and glimepiride, the most potent sulfonylurea on a weight basis with an efficacy similar to that for glyburide. Metformin, an orally administered biguanide hypoglycemic agent, decreases blood glucose levels by 50 to 100 mg/dL and consistently improves triglyceride levels. Another agent for NIDDM therapy is acarbose, an a-glucosidase inhibitor. This agent avidly binds to intestinal disaccharidases and limits the postprandial increase in blood glucose. Troglitazone, a member of the thiazolidinedione class of insulin sensitizers, enhances insulin action and lowers blood glucose and blood pressure levels. In overweight patients with diabetes, fenfluramine has been the most effective centrally acting weight reduction agent., CONCLUSION: Management of patients with NIDDM has become more complicated because of the increased variety of therapeutic options available. In each patient, nonpharmacologic treatment as well as lipid-lowering, blood pressure-lowering, and glucose-lowering agents must be considered.
Frequency of severe hypoglycemia in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus treated with sulfonylureas or insulin.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the frequency of severe hypoglycemia in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: We surveyed a single diabetologist's clinical practice of consecutive patients with NIDDM during a 3-month period., RESULTS: Of the 262 study participants interviewed, 172 insulin-using and 90 sulfonylurea-using patients were asked whether they had ever had hypoglycemia severe enough to require the assistance of another person. Of the 90 sulfonylurea-treated patients with NIDDM, 3 (3.3%) reported experiencing severe hypoglycemia on one occasion only. Of the 172 insulin-utilizing patients, 13 (7.6%) had had severe hypoglycemic episodes--8 on one occasion only (5 of these had been iatrogenic circumstances and 3 had been precipitated by exercise or lack of food). Five insulin-requiring patients reported multiple bouts of severe hypoglycemia. With one exception, all patients were thin, and C peptide levels were low or undetectable., CONCLUSION: On the basis of this study, we conclude that severe hypoglycemia is extremely uncommon in NIDDM. When it occurs, it is usually accidental and seldom recurs. Patients with multiple bouts of severe hypoglycemia have almost complete insulin deficiency. Thus, aggressive treatment of NIDDM to avoid diabetic complications is rarely associated with severe hypoglycemia and is usually well tolerated.
Outcome of metformin-facilitated reinitiation of oral diabetic therapy in insulin-treated patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To test the feasibility of reimplementation of oral diabetic therapy in insulin-treated patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and to determine the characteristics of patients in whom such conversion was successful., METHODS: We attempted reinitiation of combination oral therapy with metformin and a sulfonylurea in 55 consecutive C-peptide-positive patients who had had NIDDM for less than 30 years and had received insulin therapy for less than 10 years., RESULTS: Reinitiation of oral therapy was successful in 42 patients and unsuccessful in 13. Reinitiation of oral therapy was unsuccessful because of lack of diabetic control in nine patients and gastrointestinal side effects in four patients. The successful group had a lower insulin requirement (P = 0.004), a shorter duration of insulin therapy (P = 0.013), and a lower body mass index (P = 0.014). Baseline glycosylated hemoglobin, C-peptide level, age, and duration of diabetes were not significant predictive factors. Glycosylated hemoglobin levels were significantly lower (mean, 1.3%; P = 0.0001) after successful reinitiation of oral therapy in comparison with before. Both groups of patients (those with successful and those with unsuccessful conversion to oral therapy) lost weight., CONCLUSION: The group of patients with NIDDM in whom reinitiation of combination oral therapy is most likely to be successful are those with a shorter duration of insulin therapy, lower insulin requirements, and lower body mass index. Successful conversion to oral diabetic therapy significantly decreases the glycosylated hemoglobin level.
Severe Periodontitis and Risk for Poor Glycemic Control in Patients with Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus.; This study tested the hypothesis that severe periodontitis in persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) increases the risk of poor glycemic control. Data from the longitudinal study of residents of the Gila River Indian Community were analyzed for dentate subjects aged 18 to 67, comprising all those: 1) diagnosed at baseline with NIDDM (at least 200 mg/dL plasma glucose after a 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test); 2) with baseline glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1 ) less than 9%; and 3) who remained dentate during the 2-year follow-up period. Medical and dental examinations were conducted at 2-year intervals. Severe periodontitis was specified two ways for separate analyses: 1) as baseline periodontal attachment loss of 6 mm or more on at least one index tooth; and 2) baseline radiographic bone loss of 50% or more on at least one tooth. Clinical data for loss of periodontal attachment were available for 80 subjects who had at least one follow-up examination, 9 of whom had two follow-up examinations at 2-year intervals after baseline. Radiographic bone loss data were available for 88 subjects who had at least one follow-up examination, 17 of whom had two follow-up examinations. Poor glycemic control was specified as the presence of HbA1 of 9% or more at follow-up. To increase the sample size, observations from baseline to second examination and from second to third examinations were combined. To control for non-independence of observations, generalized estimating equations (GEE) were used for regression modeling. Severe periodontitis at baseline was associated with increased risk of poor glycemic control at follow-up. Other statistically significant covariates in the GEE models were: 1) baseline age; 2) level of glycemic control at baseline; 3) having more severe NIDDM at baseline; 4) duration of NIDDM; and 5) smoking at baseline. These results support considering severe periodontitis as a risk factor for poor glycemic control and suggest that physicians treating patients with NIDDM should be alert to the signs of severe periodontitis in managing NIDDM. J Periodontol 1996;67:1085-1093. Copyright © 1996 American Academy of Periodontology.
Combination therapy with oral antihyperglycemic agents in the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Combination therapy, using drugs from different classes of oral hypoglycemic agents, offers several advantages in the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Appropriate combinations can significantly improve glycemia and often obviate insulin treatment. In general, no increased toxicity or significant interactions are observed.
Effect of Low-Dose Niacin on Glucose Control in Patients with Non--Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus and Hyperlipidemia.; BACKGROUND: High doses of niacin have been shown to impair glucose control in patients with non--insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We undertook a study to determine if low-dose niacin has a similar effect. METHODS: Patients with stable NIDDM and hyperlipidemia underwent a 2-month observation phase where diet and diabetes medication were unchanged. Fasting blood sugar was determined every 2 weeks, and hemoglobin A(1c) and lipid profile was obtained at week 8. Patients then received niacin 500 mg three times daily for 2 months with fasting blood sugar measured every 2 weeks and hemoglobin A(1c) and lipid profile determined at week 16. Statistical analysis was performed using a t-test for related groups. RESULTS: Six of nine patients completed the protocol. Mean fasting blood sugar was statistically higher during niacin therapy versus baseline (131 mg/dL plus minus 27 vs. 161 mg/dL plus minus 40, p < 0.05). Two patients had an increase in fasting blood sugar exceeding 200 mg/dL. No change was noted in hemoglobin A(1c). There was a trend in a decrease in total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein and triglyceride. High-density lipoprotein was statistically higher after niacin therapy. CONCLUSION : Low-dose niacin increases fasting blood sugar in patients with stable NIDDM.
Effects of Terazosin on Glycemic Control, Cholesterol, and Microalbuminuria in Patients with Non--Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus and Hypertension.; The use of antihypertensive agents that have positive or neutral effects on blood sugar, lipid profiles, and microalbuminuria can be important clinical treatment for patients with diabetes. We evaluated the effects of both terazosin, a selective alpha-one-adrenergic blocker, and hydrochlorothiazide (HCTZ), a standard mild antihypertensive agent, on glycemic control, urinary albumin excretion rate overnight total cholesterol, and other parameters in non--insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. A randomized, placebo-controlled, cross-over design was implemented in 25 patients. Over an 8-week treatment period fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and glycosylated hemoglobin (GHgb) improved in the terazosin group. Post-treatment FPG was 200 plus minus 85 and 187 plus minus 71 for patients who received HCTZ and terazosin, respectively. Although the GHgb improved significantly for terazosin patients (12.2 plus minus 5.8 for HCTZ versus 10.7 plus minus 4.6 for terazosin, p = 0.03), microalbuminuria did not improve in terazosin patients in this pilot study. A larger randomized study with tighter blood pressure end points are needed to assess fully the impact of terazosin on micoroalbuminuria and overall glycemic control in the NIDDM patient.
Metformin: actions and indications for use in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Metformin (N,N-dimethylbiguanide) is about to be introduced into the United States. The drug, a potent blood glucose-lowering agent, is rapidly absorbed through the small intestine, has a circulating t 1/2 in plasma of 1.7 to 2.5 hours, and is 90% cleared through the kidneys in 12 hours. The drug does not cause hypoglycemia in nondiabetic patients and is effective in both obese and nonobese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The drug does not act through stimulation of endogenous insulin secretion. It seems to act at multiple sites, with a small effect on the inhibition of intestinal glucose transport, a moderate effect on inhibition of hepatic glucose output, and a major effect on enhancement of peripheral glucose uptake by muscle and adipose tissues. In addition to its glucose-lowering potency, metformin causes weight loss in obese patients with NIDDM and lowers total cholesterol, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, total triglycerides, and very-low-density lipoprotein triglyceride levels as well as causing an increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level. The drug is ideally suited for obese patients with NIDDM who are unresponsive to diet alone, and it is effective in combination with sulfonylureas. The major risk associated with use of metformin is the development of lactic acidosis. Patients predisposed toward the development of lactic acidosis are those with hepatic or renal disease or with tissue ischemia, in whom the drug should not be prescribed.
Involvement of Elevated Intracellular and Extracellular ATP in the Regulation of Insulin Secretion: Therapeutic Targets in Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a heterogeneous disease resulting primarily from a variety of pancreatic beta-cell disorders and insulin resistance. Whereas insulin resistance, which constitutes a defect in insulin action, increases the risk of developing NIDDM and, as such, is a predictor of the onset of this disease, it is mostly the beta-cell dysfunction in regulating insulin secretion which yields the chronic hyperglycemia with all its associated clinical complications. The individual steps in the secretory pathway of insulin which is induced primarily by blood plasma glucose have now been identified. The transport of the sugar into the beta-cell is followed by its phosphorylation as the rate-determining step. The glycolytic metabolism of glucose-6-phosphate leads to the generation of ATP resulting in increases in beta-cell ATP pools (steady-state-levels) as well as ATP/ADP ratios, which, in turn, produce the closure of ATP-sensitive K(+) channels, thus depolarizing the beta-cell membrane and opening of Ca(2+) channels. The resulting influx of extracellular Ca(2+) and the increase in recruitment of Ca(2+) from intracellular stores in response to extracellular signals yield an increase in total [Ca(2+)](i) which activates the granular insulin secretory machinery. The intracellular beta-cell ATP pools have a key role in transducing the signals of the stimulus-secretion coupling pathway and toxins such as alloxan and streptozotocin which produce experimental diabetes in animals act by damaging mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation, leading to permanent decreases in cellular ATP pools which, due to the sensitivity of beta-cell function to these pools, manifest itself as a form of diabetes. In addition to the major effects of blood plasma glucose in the regulation of insulin secretion, a variety of hormonal and neural factors producing endocrine and paracrine effects modulate and fine-tune beta-cell insulin secretion. The enteroinsular axis provides a linkage between the gastrointestinal tract and pancreatic beta-cells stimulus-secretion pathway. Although a powerful effect of ATP on insulin secretion was demonstrated more than 30 years ago, only recently has it been shown that beta-cells possess P(2)-purinoceptors. Extracellular ATP and its synthetic agonists are insulin secretagogues by virtue of their activation of membrane purinergic receptors which is coupled to increases in extracellular Ca(2+) influx and mobilization of Ca(2+) from internal stores resulting in insulin release from beta-cell granules. The physiological significance of extracellular ATP regulation of insulin secretion as well as the physiological source of these ATP pools have not yet been established. It has been recently demonstrated that the administration of adenine nucleotides in vivo can yield significant increases in tissue, blood (red blood cell), and blood plasma ATP pools. Increasing pancreatic beta-cell intracellular and blood plasma (extracellular) pools of ATP is a new therapeutic modality in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Molecular studies of the genetics of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent mellitus (NIDDM) is a common, multifactorial disease with a significant genetic component to disease susceptibility. Biometrical analysis of family data has consistently found evidence of the action of a major gene in determining susceptibility to NIDDM in families. However, the identity of the gene or genes that contribute to NIDDM in the general population is still not known. Recent advances in molecular biology have given investigators access to a number of plausible candidate genes for NIDDM and these have been used as test loci in association and linkage studies with inconsistent results. A review of the candidate gene studies in NIDDM suggests that the failure of these studies to identify specific loci involved in conferring susceptibility to NIDDM is, in part, due to failure to incorporate a number of biological features of the disease. The frequency of NIDDM in the population suggests that the alleles involved in NIDDM are common and their individual impact too small to be detected by simple single locus methods of analysis. Studies of other phenotypic forms of diabetes mellitus suggest that susceptibility to NIDDM is probably determined by alleles at more than one locus acting independently or in concert. The evolutionary history of certain populations may have isolated alleles conferring susceptibility to NIDDM in ethnically defined populations at high risk of NIDDM. These populations may provide a unique opportunity to identify specific genes involved in the complex etiology of NIDDM. © 1993 Wiley-Liss, Inc. Copyright © 1993 Wiley-Liss, Inc., A Wiley Company.
Evidence for recent increases in obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in a Navajo community.; Historic and current biomedical data were used to quantify changes in obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) over a 30 year period in a Navajo community. Medical charts from an earlier study (1955-1961) provided data on 827 adults. Field-based methods yielded data from 231 adults during a health survey in 1988. The adjusted prevalence of overweight (body mass index >=27.8 males, >=27.3 females) has increased from 18.9% to 43.7% (P = .0001) and the adjusted prevalence of NIDDM has increased from 1.2%-12.4% (P = .0001) in the community. Current members of the community have twice the risk of being diabetic or overweight than the U.S. general population. The recent and dramatic increases in these health conditions demonstrate the effect of an important environmental component which requires further investigation. © 1992 Wiley-Liss, Inc. Copyright © 1992 Wiley-Liss, Inc., A Wiley Company.
The relationship of body fat distribution to non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in a Navajo community.; The relationship between non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and body fat distribution (BFD) as measured by waist/hip circumference (WHR) was investigated in a Navajo community. A sample of 136 females and 89 males, 20 years and older, was recruited using a cluster-sampling design. Fifty percent of the females and 30.3% of the males are overweight [body mass index (BMI) equivalent of >120% ideal body weight]. Prevalence of NIDDM is 14% in females and 10.1% in males. The sample is characterized by central BFD (mean WHR=0.897+/-0.075, females and mean WHR=0.963+/-0.071, males). WHR is significantly related to age and BMI in males (P < 0.05), but not in females. Adjusted odds ratios for risk of NIDDM prevalence with increasing WHR category were estimated from a multiple logistic regression model which controlled for age and BMI. The odds ratio and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) is 2.19 (1.14, 4.19) for risk of NIDDM prevalence for a female in the middle BFD category compared to a female in the low BFD category. Risk increases to 3.63 (95% CI=1.25, 10.52) for a female in the highest BFD category. Although there is an increased risk of NIDDM prevalence with central BFD for males, it is not statistically significant. Preferential energy storage in abdominal fat depots may be a phenotypic expression of the "Thrifty Genotype," which places American Indians at greater risk for metabolic disorders. Copyright © 1991 Wiley-Liss, Inc., A Wiley Company.
Coronary heart disease risk factor profiles in black patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: paradoxic patterns.; PURPOSE: Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in black Americans consists of two variants: one with insulin resistance and one with normal insulin sensitivity. This study examined whether cardiovascular disease risk factors are significantly different between the two variants., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Twenty-two black patients with NIDDM in near-normoglycemic remission who were receiving no pharmacologic therapy for NIDDM were evaluated for insulin sensitivity by the euglycemic insulin clamp, plasma insulin levels, degree of obesity, glucose metabolism, serum total, high-density lipoprotein (HDL), and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels, and fasting plasma triglyceride levels., RESULTS: Fifty-nine percent of these patients had normal insulin sensitivity (glucose disposal rate in response to a 1 mU.kg-1.minute-1 insulin infusion greater than 6.0 mg.kg-1.minute-1). The insulin-sensitive patients were less obese (body mass index [BMI] 26.5 +/- 0.6 versus 30.8 +/- 0.9 kg/m2) and had lower fasting plasma insulin levels (56.9 +/- 7.8 versus 88.0 +/- 6.0 pmol/L), lower serum cholesterol (4.47 +/- 0.30 versus 6.39 +/- 0.26 mmol/L), lower serum LDL cholesterol (2.77 +/- 0.31 versus 4.51 +/- 0.27 mmol/L), and lower fasting plasma triglyceride levels (0.83 +/- 0.08 versus 1.45 +/- 0.16 mmol/L) than the insulin-resistant patients. Serum HDL cholesterol was not different between the two groups and was in the high-normal range (1.31 +/- 0.08 and 1.19 +/- 0.07 mmol/L). Univariate analysis demonstrated that serum total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and fasting plasma triglycerides were highly correlated with insulin-mediated glucose disposal and fasting plasma insulin. The differences in insulin sensitivity and lipid profiles were independent of obesity, as they were present in six insulin-resistant and six insulin-sensitive patients matched for BMI., CONCLUSIONS: Black patients with the insulin-sensitive variant of NIDDM have a low risk factor profile for cardiovascular disease as compared with those with the insulin-resistant variant, who have a high risk factor profile. A high prevalence of the insulin-sensitive variant of NIDDM in the black population might explain the lower prevalence of angina and myocardial infarction in black patients with NIDDM as compared with white patients with NIDDM.
Magnesium transport induced ex vivo by a pharmacological dose of insulin is impaired in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Diabetes mellitus may be associated with magnesium depletion, which in turn may contribute to metabolic complications of diabetes including vascular disease and osteoporosis. Intracellular depletion is thought to be due to osmotically induced renal magnesium loss; however, impaired ability of insulin to increase intracellular magnesium during insulin deficiency or insulin resistance could also play a role. Magnesium deficiency per se has also been reported to result in insulin resistance. In order to determine if magnesium transport is altered in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we measured intracellular Mg(2+) in circulating lymphocytes obtained from nine normal subjects and seven patients with NIDDM. Ionized intracellular Mg(2+) was determined by fluorescent spectroscopy using Mg-fura-2. A 30 min incubation of insulin with lymphocytes obtained from normal subjects resulted in an increase in Mg(2+) of 8.6 +/- 3.6 percent (mean +/- SEM) at 100 mu U/ml which reached a plateau at approximately 250 mu U/ml (11.0 +/- 1.7 percent). The mean lymphocyte Mg(2+) in the patients (0.198 +/- 0.011 mM) was not significantly lower than normal (0.218 +/- 0.017). Insulin (500 mU/ml) added acutely during the fluorescence reading caused a rapid 31 +/- 3.9 percent rise in intracellular Mg(2+) in the normal subjects, which was significantly greater than the 18 +/- 1.6 percent rise observed in the NIDDM subjects (P < 0.01). The effect of magnesium deficiency was also studied in 3 normal subjects experimentally Mg deficient for 3 weeks. The mean lymphocyte Mg(2+) fell from 0.198 +/- 0.009 mM pre-diet to 0.153 +/- 0.006 mM post-diet. and the insulin-induced rise in Mg(2+) fell from 27.2 percent pre-magnesium depletion to 12.7 percent post-magnesium depletion. These data suggest that insulin resistance and magnesium depletion may result in a vicious cycle of worsening insulin resistance and decrease in intracellular Mg(2+) which may limit the role of magnesium in vital cellular processes.
Racial differences in psychosocial variables among adults with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To determine whether racial differences exist in psychosocial variables among patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), the authors administered a series of questionnaires to 211 Black and White patients of the Wake Forest Family Medicine ambulatory care unit and the Reynolds Health Center, a community health center. In general, Blacks in the study population had higher levels of external locus of control, higher levels of stress, and lower levels of family functioning compared with Whites. These differences may account partially for the disparity of diabetes control and the consequences of diabetes among Blacks. Health professionals may benefit from understanding and addressing these psychosocial variables and may be more successful in implementing intervention programs in this population by tailoring programs to the psychosocial orientation of their population.
Mitochondrial gene mutations in familial non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Taiwan.; Mitochondrial gene mutations are found to cause certain forms of diabetes mellitus and related syndromes. To study the prevalence of mitochondrial gene mutations in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in Taiwan, 23 pedigrees with multiple siblings affected with NIDDM were consecutively collected from patients living in northern Taiwan. The A-to-G mutation at position 3243 np in the tRNA Leu gene and the mutation at position 8344 were screened by PCR-RFLP methods and confirmed by direct DNA sequence analysis. Among 23 NIDDM pedigrees, one pedigree was found to carry the 3243 np mutation. There was no 8344 np mutation in this series. Clinical features of this pedigree were consistent with mitochondrial disease in terms of maternal transmission, relatively early onset, non-obesity, insulin-requirement and association with hearing impairment. There was no correlation between the degree of heteroplasmy of mitochondrial gene mutation in leukocyte DNA and clinical severity. We conclude that a mitochondrial gene defect is an important genetic factor in familial cases with NIDDM in Taiwan.
Effect of alpha-glucosidase inhibitor in combination with sulphonylurea compounds on lipid profile in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The effects of administration of an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor and a sulphonylurea compound on lipid profile were investigated in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, (NIDDM) previously treated with sulphonylurea compounds alone, but in whom metabolic control was inadequate. A group of patients (n = 10) were treated with the alpha-glucosidase inhibitor at a dose of 0.2 mg, three times daily, for 4 weeks. Treatment significantly reduced the post-prandial glucose level and the serum total cholesterol level. In addition, there were non-significant reductions in the triglyceride and very low density lipoprotein levels. These preliminary results suggest that administration of alpha-glucosidase inhibitors might improve the lipid profile of patients with NIDDM.
Factors related to aortic pulse-wave velocity in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The factors that influence the severity of large vessel pathology in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were investigated in 154 randomly selected patients. Measurements of aortic pulse-wave velocity were used to quantify the severity of large vessel pathology. The results showed that of the 20 variables considered, age, systolic blood pressure, duration of disease and serum creatinine were all significantly correlated with pulse-wave velocity. Multiple regression analysis with pulse-wave velocity as the criterion variable showed that age, systolic and diastolic blood pressures were all significant explanatory variables, with age carrying the greatest weight. The findings suggest that controlling blood pressure is most important as a means of containing large vessel pathology in patients with NIDDM.
Factors related to stress in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Stress was assessed using State-Trait Anxiety Inventory scores in 40 non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients, and the results were compared with those for 40 sex- and age-matched healthy controls. Fludiazepam was administered to the patients for 12 weeks and stress was reassessed. The Manifest Anxiety Scale score correlated with Trait (r = 0.548, P < 0.0001) and State (r = 0.474, P = 0.0001) scores, validating the latter as measurements of stress. Both Trait (43.4 vs 35.8, P < 0.001) and State (41.6 vs 33.8, P < 0.001) scores were significantly higher in NIDDM patients than in healthy controls. Administration of an anxiolytic, fludiazepam (0.25 mg, three times daily, orally) for 12 weeks lowered Trait score (43.5 to 36.9, P < 0.0001), State score (41.6 to 35.8, P < 0.0002), glycosylated haemoglobin (8.4 to 7.3%, P < 0.0001), systolic blood pressure (151.2 to 143.4 mmHg, P < 0.0017) and diastolic blood pressure (84.2 to 77.7 mmHg, P < 0.0018). Multiple regression analysis revealed that the significant explanatory variables for the change in State score during anxiolytic administration were the changes in total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, apolipoprotein B:A1 and glycosylated haemoglobin (R2 = 0.3224, P < 0.0022). The results indicate that stress is detected at a higher frequency in patients with NIDDM than in healthy controls, and that blood glucose and lipid metabolic factors are significant explanatory variables for this stress. This stress is correlated with glucose metabolism and blood pressure and, moreover, these factors could all be proved concomitantly by the administration of an anxiolytic.
CA-repeated microsatellite polymorphism of the glucokinase gene and its association with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Taiwanese.; Mutation of the glucokinase gene has recently been identified as a cause of maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY), a subset of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). However, its role in the wide variety of NIDDM remains controversial due to conflicting reports of association studies, negative results of linkage studies and low prevalence of glucokinase mutations in the common variety of NIDDM. In this study, two (CA)n-microsatellite polymorphisms flanking both ends of the glucokinase gene, termed GCK1 and GCK2, were used to evaluate the role of glucokinase on NIDDM susceptibility of Taiwanese. For GCK1, three alleles (Z,Z+2 and Z+4 with a polymorphic information content index (PIC) of 0.53) and six genotypes were evident in 119 Taiwanese. When compared with control subjects, the NIDDM group had a much less frequency of the Z+2 allele (14.0% vs. 23.9%). In addition, the Z+2 allele was noted to have a marginal protective effect for NIDDM in Taiwanese with the odds ratio of 0.52 (95% confidence interval (C.I.) 0.26-1.03, P = 0.058). For GCK2, four alleles (0, 2, 4 and 6 with a PIC of 0.48) and seven genotypes were identified. There was no significant difference in allele frequency between NIDDM and control groups in the locus of GCK2. Our data were in agreement with reports from American Blacks, Mauritian Creoles, Asian Indians, Japanese and Finnish--that there is a positive association of GCK1 and a negative association of GCK2 with NIDDM. Furthermore, the Z+2 allele was a protective factor for NIDDM in Taiwanese.
[Baseline hypertriglyceridemia, a risk factor for non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus: a 6-year follow-up study of 432 nondiabetics].; The relationship between baseline fasting plasma triglycerides level (FTG) and the incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) within 6 years were investigated in 432 Chinese nondiabetics. They were identified by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT, oral 75 g glucose) in Daqing diabetes survey in 1986. 220 subjects were men and 212 women. Among them 226 had normal glucose tolerance and 206 impaired glucose tolerance. The measurement of fasting plasma lipids and glucose were performed at the baseline examination and after 6-year follow-up. Six-year incidence of NIDDM in the highest triglycerides tertile group (top tertile Q3, mean = 2.5 mmol/L) was 2.3 times (38.6% vs 16.6%, P < 0.01) as compared with that of the lowest triglycerides tertile group (first tertile Q1, mean = 0.7 mmol/L). The difference of 2-hour blood glucose level in OGTT (OGTT BG2h level) between Q1 and Q3 was 2.4 mmol/L (mean = 7.6-10.0 mmol/L) after 6 years. Multivariate general linear regression analysis demonstrated that the FTG level was positively associated with the OGTT BG2h level after 6 years (P = 0.0335) after controlling the age, sex, fasting blood glucose (FBG) and body mass index (BMI). Therefore this result indicates that FTG level is an independent risk factor for the development of NIDDM in this population.
[Kidney lesions in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; Because little is known about disordered metabolism of uric acid as a pathogenetic mechanism of renal damage in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) it was studied in 75 NIDDM and 48 IDDM patients. Clinical examination of the patients included evaluation of purin metabolism according to serum uric acid, diurnal urine excretion, uric acid clearance. Hyperuricemia occurred more frequently in NIDDM. Positive correlation was observed between hyperuricosuria and the severity of diabetic nephropathy which was more pronounced in IDDM.
Effects of obesity and inheritance on the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Otsuka-Long-Evans-Tokushima fatty rats.; We studied whether obesity or inheritance was the more important factor in the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) using female Otsuka-Long-Evans-Tokushima Fatty rats (OLETF) possessing one of the diabetic genes, ODB-1, and male Long-Evans-Tokushima-Otsuka rats (LETO) possessing no ODB-1, neither of which were diabetic when bred normally. Diabetes-resistant male LETO rats and female OLETF rats (4 weeks old) were assigned to three groups of 6 rats each, respectively; two groups in which obesity was induced by high calorie 'cafeteria' diet (D), or ventromedial hypothalamus lesions (V) with normal chow diet and a control group fed on normal chow (C). Six male OLETF rats were used as NIDDM positive controls. The mean daily energy intakes of obese male LETO and female OLETF rats were higher than those of the respective C groups. At 27 weeks of age, the average body weights of the obese LETO and female OLETF rats were significantly higher than those of the respective C groups and similar to that of the male OLETF group. Abdominal fat deposits of the obese groups were significantly higher than those of the respective C groups. At 28 weeks of age, the cumulative incidence of diabetes mellitus in obese LETO rats was 0% in group D and 17% in group V, while that of obese female OLETF rats in groups D and V were 100%. At 29 weeks of age, the plasma immunoreactive insulin (IRI) responses to glucose in obese female OLETF rats, groups D and V, were higher than that in group C. In obese LETO rats, insulin-stimulated glucose disposal in vivo was similar to that in group C, but in obese female OLETF rats, it was reduced to 41% in group D and 37% in group V of that in group C. Sections of islets of the pancreas of obese LETO rats appeared histologically normal, whereas those of obese female OLETF rats showed enlarged multilobulated fibrotic islets. These results demonstrate that obesity is necessary, but not sufficient alone for the development of NIDDM in these rat models.
Proliferative diabetic retinopathy is related to cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The aim of the study was to define the relationship between the presence of proliferative diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy with objectively defined autonomic neuropathy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. The research design used was a cross-sectional, case control study. A cohort of NIDDM patients was classified, according to five cardiovascular autonomic tests described by Ewing, as: (1) no involvement--no abnormal tests (n = 17); (2) cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy--two out of five abnormal tests (n = 18). Age, age at diagnosis, plasma creatinine, fasting plasma glucose, glycated haemoglobin and blood pressure measurements were not statistically different among the two groups. According to indirect ophthalmoscopy and the presence of macroproteinuria and microalbuminuria, respectively, patients were also classified as having proliferative, non-proliferative or no retinopathy and with or without nephropathy. The results showed a striking relationship between cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy and proliferative diabetic retinopathy. Relative odds for nephropathy, non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy and proliferative retinopathy were, respectively, 16.0, 10.1 and 34.7. When odds ratios were adjusted for the presence of nephropathy, hypertension, non-proliferative and proliferative retinopathy, only proliferative retinopathy was significantly associated (odds ratio, 7.1). It was concluded that in NIDDM the presence of cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy is strongly associated with proliferative retinopathy. Long-term prospective studies on large cohorts of patients must be done to evaluate if having autonomic dysfunction would be a risk factor or a risk indicator of an etiologic process underlying the development of proliferative retinopathy.
Respiratory burst activity of monocytes from patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Monocytes from patients with poorly controlled non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) show a decrease in intracellular bactericidal function. To determine whether this reduced bactericidal function is mediated by an impaired oxygen-dependent mechanism, we assayed the production of superoxide (O2-) and hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) by monocytes from poorly controlled NIDDM patients (n = 12), well controlled NIDDM patients (n = 12) and healthy subjects (n = 16). Using phorbol myristate acetate (PMA) as stimulant, the production of O2- by fresh monocytes was significantly decreased in poorly controlled NIDDM patients (231 +/- 30 nmol/mg protein/2-h) as compared with that of well controlled NIDDM patients (430 +/- 81 nmol/mg protein/2-h) and that of healthy subjects (399 +/- 61 nmol/mg protein/2-h), respectively (P < 0.05). Using opsonized zymosan (OZ) as stimulant, the production of O2- by fresh monocytes was also notably decreased in patients with poorly controlled NIDDM (312 +/- 42 nmol/mg protein/2-h) as compared with that of patients with well controlled NIDDM (688 +/- 92 nmol/mg protein/2-h) and that of healthy subjects (539 +/- 96 nmol/mg protein/2-h), respectively (P < 0.05). Poorly controlled NIDDM patients had a significant decrease in the production of H2O2 by monocytes, either stimulated by PMA or OZ, as compared with that of well controlled NIDDM patients and that of healthy subjects, respectively (P < 0.05). Enhancement of the production of O2- and H2O2 occurred in healthy subjects (150% increase) as well as NIDDM patients (170% increase) after a preincubation of monocytes with interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma 100 U/ml) for 48 h. The respiratory burst activity of both fresh and cultured monocytes from well controlled NIDDM patients was not significantly different from that of healthy subjects. This study suggests that both, strict metabolic control and in vitro culture with IFN-gamma may improve the monocyte oxygen-dependent bactericidal mechanism in NIDDM patients.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus complicated with idiopathic hypoparathyroidism.; We report a case of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) complicated with idiopathic hypoparathyroidism. A 74-year-old male was hospitalized because of diplopia. He was revealed to have NIDDM. The levels of serum Ca and intact-PTH were 6.3 mg/dl and < 5 pg/ml, respectively. Brain computed tomography revealed abnormal calcification in the cerebral basal ganglia and the cerebellum. After recovery from hypocalcemia, the endogenous insulin secretion was normalized. It is suggested that the pathogenesis of NIDDM in this patient may have been related to an insulin secretory defect as a result of hypocalcemia in addition to the hereditary risk.
Effects of alpha-glucosidase inhibitor (acarbose) combined with sulfonylurea or sulfonylurea and metformin in treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The effects of alpha-glucosidase inhibitor (acarbose) were studied in 36 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), aged 34-67 years with a mean duration of diabetes of 8.8 +/- 0.9 years. They were poorly controlled with diet plus sulfonylurea alone or plus sulfonylurea combined with metformin drugs. Acarbose, 100 mg three times daily, was additionally given to these patients for six months. Results showed small but significant decreases (P < 0.001) in postprandial blood glucose level. Glycosylated hemoglobin level was lowered significantly (P < 0.001) and was normalised (level of < 8%) in 17 per cent of the patients. Fasting serum triglycerides level decreased significantly (P < 0.01), whereas, no significant changes in serum total cholesterol and HDL cholesterol levels were seen. Body weight also decreased significantly (P < 0.001) at the end of acarbose trial. Flatulence was the major side effect of acarbose found in 42 per cent of the patients but it was well-tolerated and may be transient and self-limited. We concluded that the addition of acarbose to the therapeutic regimens of diet therapy plus sulfonylurea or plus sulfonylurea combined with metformin drugs led to significant improvement of glycemic control. Acarbose may be a safe and valuable adjunct to diet and sulfonylurea and metformin treatments in obese, poorly-controlled patients with NIDDM.
Microalbuminuria cannot predict cardiovascular death in Japanese subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; In order to examine whether the existence of microalbuminuria can predict the development of overt proteinuria and cardiovascular death in Japanese subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we investigated 47 patients for a 10-year follow-up period. Patients were divided into two groups by the initial values of urinary albumin excretion rates. The percentage of patients who developed overt proteinuria during the follow-up period was significantly higher in patients who were initially classified as microalbuminuric group (63.6%) than in normoalbuminuric group (17.4%). During the follow-up period, one of the patients with normoalbuminuria had died of congestive heart failure, while four of those with microalbuminuria had died; one of stroke and three from noncardiovascular diseases. These results indicate that the existence of microalbuminuria had the predictive power for the development of overt proteinuria, but not for cardiovascular death in Japanese subjects with NIDDM.
Insulin resistance in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is associated with microalbuminuria independently of ambulatory blood pressure.; Microalbuminuria in both insulin-dependent (IDDM) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a marker for insulin resistance. Microalbuminuria is also associated with hypertension, itself an insulin-resistant state. Therefore, in order to examine the independent relationships of microalbuminuria with blood pressure and insulin resistance, we measured ambulatory blood pressure (Takeda TM-2420), insulin resistance (modified Harano method), and urinary albumin excretion rate (overnight urine collection) in 36 subjects with NIDDM. Albumin excretion correlated with 24-h systolic blood pressure (r = 0.49, p = 0.003), and insulin sensitivity (r = -0.39, p = 0.007). Microalbuminuric subjects had reduced insulin sensitivity compared with normoalbuminuric subjects [Mean (SD) 2.95 (0.33) versus 4.67 (0.56) ml.kg-1.min-1; p = 0.013]. In multivariate analysis including ambulatory blood pressure and insulin resistance, urinary albumin excretion was associated primarily with insulin resistance, with smaller contributions from glycated hemoglobin and male gender. These data suggest that microalbuminuria in NIDDM, although associated with hypertension, is also independently associated with insulin resistance.
Endothelium-dependent relaxation in peripheral vasculature and kidney of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Desmopressin (DDAVP), an AVP.V2-receptor agonist, evokes endothelium-dependent relaxation (EDR) due to nitric oxide (NO), EDR factor (EDRF) in the systemic vasculature, and glomerular afferent arterioles via AVP receptor(s). Glyceryl trinitrate (GTN) causes endothelium-independent (nonreceptor-mediated) vasodilation. We elucidated the possible involvement of EDRF in early non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and glomerular hyperfiltration (GHF) by DDAVP and GTN infusions. Patients with advanced DM nephropathy (DM.Np) (n = 7) were also examined. DDAVP and GTN decreased the mean blood pressure in DM with GHF (DM + GHF) and without GHF (DM-GHF) greater than that in normal subjects (N), without any difference in the heart rate changes in any group. Plasma levels of cGMP, a cellular messenger of NO, were significantly increased by DDAVP and GTN with a similar increment in each group. DDAVP caused a significant increase in urinary cGMP excretion in each group with a similar increment in each group. However, it caused a transient increase in creatinine clearance only in DM + GHF although GTN did not, and an exaggerated excretion of urinary albumin in early NIDDM, especially in DM+GHF, without a change in beta 2-microglobulin excretion. In contrast, in DM.Np GTN caused a decrease in blood pressure and an increase in plasma cGMP levels, but DDAVP did not. In conclusion, in peripheral vasculature and kidney, an enhanced sensitivity of vascular smooth muscle to NO is present in early NIDDM. The exaggerated dilation of glomerular afferent arterioles by preferentially produced NO in in situ, which causes a rise in PGC, might be partly responsible for the glomerular hyperfiltration and subsequently the increase in the glomerular protein permeation of DM+GHF. However, in peripheral blood vessels of DM.Np EDR is impaired. Thus, EDR seems to change with the development of NIDDM.
Increased secretory demand rather than a defect in the proinsulin conversion mechanism causes hyperproinsulinemia in a glucose-infusion rat model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Hyperproinsulinemia in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is due to an increased release of proinsulin from pancreatic beta cells. This could reside in increased secretory demand placed on the beta cell by hyperglycemia or in the proinsulin conversion mechanism. In this study, biosynthesis of the proinsulin conversion enzymes (PC2, PC3, and carboxypeptidase-H [CP-H]) and proinsulin, were examined in islets isolated from 48-h infused rats with 50% (wt/vol) glucose (hyperglycemic, hyperinsulinemic, and increased pancreatic proinsulin to insulin ratio), 20% (wt/vol) glucose (normoglycemic but hyperinsulinemic), and 0.45% (wt/vol) saline (controls). A decrease in the islet content of PC2, PC3, and CP-H from hyperglycemic rats was observed. This reduction did not correlate with any deficiency in mRNA levels or biosynthesis of PC2, PC3, CP-H, or proinsulin. Furthermore, proinsulin conversion rate was comparable in islets from hyperglycemic and control rats. However, in islets from hyperglycemic rats an abnormal increased proportion of proinsulin was secreted, that was accompanied by an augmented release of PC2, PC3 and CP-H. Stimulation of the beta cell's secretory pathway by hyperglycemia, resulted in proinsulin being prematurely secreted from islets before its conversion could be completed. Thus, hyperproinsulinemia induced by chronic hyperglycemia likely results from increased beta cell secretory demand, rather than a defect in the proinsulin processing enzymes per se.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and fasting glucose and insulin concentrations are associated with arterial stiffness indexes. The ARIC Study. Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular diseases are the most common cause of disability and death among subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The atherosclerotic process begins during the prediabetic phase characterized by impaired glucose tolerance, hyperinsulinemia, and insulin resistance. In vitro studies have suggested that glucose and insulin can substantially alter the structure and function of the arterial wall and affect the development of atherosclerosis., METHODS AND RESULTS: We performed a cross-sectional study of the relation of arterial stiffness indexes with glucose tolerance and serum insulin concentrations. Several indexes of common carotid artery stiffness were assessed with noninvasive ultrasound methods in a biracial sample of 4701 men and women 45 to 64 years of age in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study. Arterial compliance (AC), stiffness index (SI), pressure-strain elastic modulus (Ep), and Young's elastic modulus (YEM) were calculated. YEM includes wall (intima-media) thickness and thus gives an estimate of arterial stiffness controlling for wall thickness. All indexes of arterial stiffness were higher with increasing concentrations of fasting glucose. This finding was consistent in both black and white examines and in both sexes. A 25% increase in fasting glucose (approximately 1 SD) was associated in nondiabetic white men with a 5.8% (95% CI, -9.6% to -1.9%; P = .004) decrease in AC and increases of 5.8% (95% CI, 2.0% to 9.7%; P = .002) in SI, 11.3% (95% CI, 6.9% to 15.9%; P < .001) in Ep, and 11.2% (95% CI, 6.2% to 16.6%; P < .001) in YEM. In nondiabetic white women, the corresponding predicted changes were a decrease of 15.0% (95% CI, -18.2% to -11.7%; P < .001) in AC and increases of 16.6% (95% CI, 12.5% to 20.8%; P < .001) in SI, 23.2% (95% CI, 18.4% to 28.2%; P < .001) in Ep, and 19.2% (95% CI, 14.0% to 24.7%; P < .001) in YEM. Glucose and insulin contributed synergistically to the increase in stiffness indexes. Insulin and triglycerides also had a synergistic association with stiffness indexes., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings are compatible with the view that persons with NIDDM or borderline glucose intolerance have stiffer arteries than their counterparts with normal glucose tolerance and that the decreased elasticity is independent of artery wall thickness. The joint effect of elevated glucose, insulin, and triglycerides can have a considerable impact on arterial stiffness and play an important role in the early pathophysiology of macrovascular disease in NIDDM.
Decreased muscle glucose transport/phosphorylation is an early defect in the pathogenesis of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Recent studies have demonstrated that reduced insulin-stimulated muscle glycogen synthesis is the major cause of insulin resistance in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). This reduced rate has been assigned to a defect in either glucose transport or hexokinase activity. However it is unknown whether this is a primary or acquired defect in the pathogenesis of NIDDM. To examine this question, we measured the rate of muscle glycogen synthesis and the muscle glucose 6-phosphate (G6P) concentration using 13C and 31P NMR spectroscopy as well as oxidative and nonoxidative glucose metabolism in six lean, normoglycemic offspring of parents with NIDDM and seven age/weight-matched control subjects under hyperglycemic (approximately 11 mM)-hyperinsulinemic (approximately 480 pM) clamp conditions. The offspring of parents with NIDDM had a 50% reduction in total glucose metabolism, primarily due to a decrease in the nonoxidative component. The rate of muscle glycogen synthesis was reduced by 70% (P < 0.005) and muscle G6P concentration was reduced by 40% (P < 0.003), which suggests impaired muscle glucose transport/hexokinase activity. These changes were similar to those previously observed in subjects with fully developed NIDDM. When the control subjects were studied at similar insulin levels (approximately 440 pM) but euglycemic plasma glucose concentration (approximately 5 mM), both the rate of glycogen synthesis and the G6P concentration were reduced to values similar to the offspring of parents with NIDDM. We conclude that insulin-resistant offspring of parents with NIDDM have reduced nonoxidative glucose metabolism and muscle glycogen synthesis secondary to a defect in muscle glucose transport/hexokinase activity prior to the onset of overt hyperglycemia. The presence of this defect in these subjects suggests that it may be the primary factor in the pathogenesis of NIDDM.
Antihypertensive therapy with enalapril improves glucose storage and insulin sensitivity in hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; A double-blind, placebo-controlled, 4-week trial was performed to determine the antihypertensive and metabolic effects of enalapril (20 to 40 mg/d) in 16 hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) aged 55 +/- 2 years and with a body mass index of 29 +/- 1 kg/m2. Glucose utilization was determined after an overnight fast and during insulin stimulation at 0 and 4 weeks (methods: euglycemic clamp, [3-3H]glucose infusion, indirect calorimetry). Enalapril decreased systolic (166 +/- 4 v 152 +/- 5 mm Hg, P < .05) and diastolic (102 +/- 2 v 95 +/- 2 mm Hg, P < .05) blood pressure. Peripheral insulin sensitivity, ie, insulin stimulation of glucose utilization, increased approximately 30%, or by 4.3 +/- 1.7 mumol/kg.min (13.1 +/- 2.0 v 17.4 +/- 3.5 mumol/kg.min, P < .05, 0 v 4 weeks) during enalapril treatment, but remained unchanged during placebo treatment (15.4 +/- 2.8 v 15.3 +/- 2.7 mumol/kg.min, respectively). The increase in glucose utilization during enalapril treatment was fully explained by an increase of 4.1 +/- 1.7 mumol/kg.min in glucose storage (4.1 +/- 1.2 v 8.1 +/- 2.9 mumol/kg.min, P < .05) while glucose oxidation remained unchanged. High-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol increased by 8% (P < .05) and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) improved slightly (7.7% +/- 0.7% v 7.3% +/- 0.7%, P < .05) in the enalapril group, but not in the placebo group. We conclude that enalapril improves insulin sensitivity by increasing glucose storage in hypertensive patients with NIDDM.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Role of basal insulin in maintenance of intracellular glucose metabolic pathways in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Impairments of both basal and insulin-stimulated oxidative (Gox) and nonoxidative (Nox) glucose metabolism are documented to exist in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Although these defects have been well characterized during insulin stimulation, little is known about the effects of basal insulin or its deficiency on intracellular glucose metabolism in NIDDM. To determine the physiological significance of basal insulin in the maintenance of glucose metabolism in NIDDM, we studied nine subjects with NIDDM in the basal and insulin-deficient state produced by 3 hours of somatostatin (SRIF) infusion (0.08 pmol/kg/min). Glucose turnover rates were quantified by [3-3H]glucose turnover, and substrate oxidation was assessed by a combination of indirect calorimetry and urinary nitrogen measurements. Skeletal muscle glycogen synthase (GS) and pyruvate dehydrogenase (PDH) activities were also measured in the basal state and during SRIF infusion. Basal glucose levels were maintained during SRIF infusion by exogenous glucose infusion (12.5 +/- 0.9 mmol/L in the basal state v 12.8 +/- 0.8 during SRIF infusion, P = NS). During the last hour of SRIF infusion, plasma C-peptide levels declined by 88% from 0.73 +/- 0.11 to 0.09 +/- 0.02 nmol/L (P < .001), and serum insulin concentrations were undetectable (< 14 pmol/L). During insulinopenic conditions, rates of glucose uptake (GU) were decreased by 12% from basal level of 2.26 +/- 0.13 to 1.99 +/- 0.12 mg/kg/min (P < .05), and were entirely accounted for by reduced rates of Gox (1.01 +/- 0.10 to 0.65 +/- 0.14 mg/kg/min, P < .01). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Cell membrane dynamics and insulin resistance in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Insulin resistance in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) could be related to changes in cell membrane properties. We measured insulin sensitivity and mononuclear leucocyte membrane fluidity by fluorescence polarisation in fifteen NIDDM patients and twenty-one normal subjects. Core-region anisotropy was significantly lower in leucocytes from diabetic subjects (mean 0.164 vs 0.174, p < 0.001). Insulin sensitivity was positively correlated with such anisotropy before and after acute in-vitro insulin treatment. There was no difference in superficial membrane anisotropy. This study suggests that altered membrane dynamics in NIDDM may contribute to insulin resistance.
Insulin and C-peptide secretion in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and its response to dietary therapy.; We studied insulin and C-peptide levels in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) during standard oral or intravenous glucose tolerance tests (GTT) at the time of diagnosis and after 3 months dietary therapy. On the second occasion they also had an 'augmented' GTT, in which slow intravenous infusion of glucose raised basal plasma glucose to a level similar to that at the time of diagnosis. Eight patients had oral tests, and seven patients intravenous tests. In both groups, dietary therapy significantly reduced fasting and peak plasma glucose (p < 0.05 for oral; p < 0.01 for intravenous GTT). Serum insulin levels during conventional oral GTT were not significantly different after dietary therapy compared to diagnosis, but were significantly higher during the 'augmented' oral GTT (p < 0.05). In those patients who underwent intravenous GTT, there was a significant increase in both the total amount of insulin secreted (0-60 min) and in first-phase insulin secretion (0-10 min) during the 'augmented' test compared to diagnosis (p < 0.01), but first-phase insulin secretion during the conventional intravenous GTT was unchanged. Serum C-peptide responses were also greater during 'augmented' tests (p < 0.05), similar in pattern to serum insulin. There is a relative deficiency in insulin secretion in untreated NIDDM, which can be reversed by dietary therapy. It is essential to study insulin and C-peptide secretion in controlled 'fasting' glucose conditions.
Change in skeletal muscle lipoprotein lipase activity in response to insulin/glucose in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Skeletal muscle lipoprotein lipase (SMLPL) provides fatty acids to myocytes for lipoprotein triglyceride oxidation. In human obesity, an insulin-resistant state, SMLPL levels measured in the fasted state are either decreased or unchanged as compared with levels in normal-weight controls. However, insulin/glucose infusion increases SMLPL activity in obese individuals, whereas in normal-weight subjects the activity is decreased. One of the goals of this study was to determine the impact of obesity with concomitant non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) on fasting SMLPL and on the change in SMLPL activity (delta MLPL) in response to an insulin/glucose infusion. Because NIDDM is often a more insulin-resistant state, it was hypothesized that SMLPL activity would be further increased by insulin/glucose in subjects who were obese and had NIDDM. Measurements of SMLPL were made from biopsies of vastus lateralis skeletal muscle taken before and after a 6-hour insulin/glucose infusion in the setting of a euglycemic clamp. Thirteen nondiabetic obese women (OBC) and six nondiabetic normal-weight women (NWC) were used as control subjects. SMLPL levels measured in the fasted state were significantly lower in obese NIDDM subjects as compared with either control group. Relative insulin action was determined by calculation of the mean glucose infusion rate (GIR) required to sustain euglycemia over the last 60 minutes of the infusion. For all three groups combined, representing a continuum of insulin sensitivity, there was a positive correlation between GIR and fasting SMLPL. As described earlier, in the NWC group SMLPL activity decreased significantly after 6 hours of insulin/glucose, and in the OBC group SMLPL increased after insulin/glucose.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Tissue-specific alterations in G protein expression in genetic versus diet-induced models of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the mouse.; Various tissues were obtained from the well-characterized genetic model (C57BL/6J-ob/ob) of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and from a diet-induced model of NIDDM produced in the same genetic background (C57BL/6J). The objectives were to determine whether the previously observed changes in guanine nucleotide-binding regulatory protein (G protein) expression in adipose tissue from ob/ob mice were mirrored by concomitant changes in other tissues, and whether NIDDM of a different etiology would share similar alterations in G protein expression. Plasma membranes from adipocytes, brain, heart, liver, and testes were probed with alpha-subunit-specific antisera, and the level of G protein expression in each model was compared with that in its lean littermate control. Adipose, heart, and liver cell membranes from ob/ob mice contained significantly less alpha-subunit of stimulatory G protein (Gs alpha) than those from their lean littermates. As compared with the lean littermates, heart alpha-subunit-2 of inhibitory G protein (Gi alpha-2), liver Gi alpha-3, and adipocyte G1 alpha-1 and Gi alpha-3 were also reduced in ob/ob mice. In contrast, Gi alpha-2 and Go alpha were increased over lean-control levels in brain tissue from ob/ob mice, whereas Gs alpha was unchanged. G protein expression in the testes did not differ between lean and ob/ob mice. In the diet-induced model of NIDDM, Gs alpha expression in the liver was twofold greater in obese/diabetic mice as compared with lean controls. However, G protein expression in all other tissues examined did not differ between obese/diabetic animals and lean littermates.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
In vivo beta-cell function at the transition to early non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Impaired insulin secretion occurs at some stage in the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), possibly during impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or early NIDDM. To assess insulin secretion at these critical stages, we measured the first-phase insulin response (to glucose and arginine), maximal secretory capacity, and glucose potentiation slope for insulin secretion in Pima Indians with normal glucose tolerance (n = 20), IGT (n = 9), and mild (fasting glucose < 7.8 mmol/L) NIDDM (n = 7). We also measured oral glucose tolerance and insulin action. Subjects with IGT were more insulin-resistant (P < .05) than normals. A wide range of insulin secretion was noted, although as a group, no significant impairment was detected. Subjects with mild NIDDM were similarly insulin-resistant, but they also had impaired insulin secretion. The first-phase response to glucose was markedly reduced in absolute terms (P < .001), but all secretion indices were impaired relative to the degree of insulin resistance (P = .05 to P < .0001). These results suggest that in Pima Indians, impairment of insulin secretion, especially the first-phase response to glucose, is associated with mild NIDDM. Insulin secretion in IGT is variable and, overall, seems intact, although a subtle defect in the first-phase insulin response to glucose could not be ruled out in this study. Glucose sensing for first-phase secretion may be one of the early secretory defects in the progression of glucose intolerance and seems to be critical at the transition from IGT to early NIDDM.
Natural history of peripheral neuropathy in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: There is little information on the incidence and natural history of neuropathy in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: We studied patients with newly diagnosed NIDDM and control subjects both at base line and 5 and 10 years later. Polyneuropathy was diagnosed on the basis of clinical criteria (pain and paresthesias) and electrodiagnostic studies (nerve conduction velocity and response-amplitude values). We investigated the relation between metabolic variables (results of oral glucose-tolerance tests, serum lipid and insulin concentrations, and glycosylated hemoglobin values) and the development of polyneuropathy., RESULTS: In 10 years, 36 patients with NIDDM and 8 control subjects died; 86 patients and 121 control subjects completed the study. When the study ended, 18 percent of the patients were being treated only with diet, 59 percent with oral hypoglycemic drugs alone, 12 percent with insulin alone, and 11 percent with both insulin and oral hypoglycemic agents. At base line the prevalence of definite or probable polyneuropathy among the patients with NIDDM was 8.3 percent, as compared with 2.1 percent among the control subjects. These values 10 years later were 41.9 percent and 5.8 percent, respectively. The number of patients with NIDDM who had nerve-conduction abnormalities in the legs and feet increased from 8.3 percent at base line to 16.7 percent after 5 years and to 41.9 percent after 10 years. The decrease in sensory and motor amplitudes, indicating axonal destruction, was more pronounced than the slowing of the nerve conduction velocities, which indicates demyelination. Among the patients with NIDDM, those with polyneuropathy had poorer glycemic control than those without. Low serum insulin concentrations before and after the oral administration of glucose were associated with the development of polyneuropathy, regardless of the degree of glycemia., CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of polyneuropathy among patients with NIDDM increases with time, and the increase may be greater in patients with hypoinsulinemia.
High density lipoprotein subfractions in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and coronary artery disease.; High density lipoprotein (HDL) subfractions (2b, 2a, 3a, 3b, and 3c) separated by gradient gel electrophoresis (GGE) and defined by Gaussian summation analysis, and the compositions of HDL2 and HDL3, separated by preparative ultracentrifugation, were studied in four groups of men with or without non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and coronary artery disease (CAD): group 1 (DM+CAD+, n = 50); group 2 (DM-CAD+, n = 50); group 3 (DM+CAD-, n = 50); and group 4 (DM-CAD-, n = 31). HDL GGE subfraction distributions, available in 125 subjects, were not significantly different among the groups. In contrast, dividing the whole study population into quartiles of serum triglyceride (TG) concentration showed that high TG levels were significantly associated with low HDL2b and high HDL3b concentrations. In a multivariate linear regression model, postheparin plasma hepatic lipase (HL) activity, and fasting serum insulin and TG concentrations were all associated independently and inversely with low HDL2b, but lipoprotein lipase or cholesteryl ester transfer protein activities were not correlated with HDL2b concentrations. Group 1 tended to have the smallest mean particle sizes in the HDL subfractions, significantly (P < 0.03, CAD vs. non-CAD) for HDL2b and for HDL2a. These differences were independent of TG, insulin and HL, but lost their significance when adjusted for beta-blocker therapy. Both HDL2 and HDL3 particles in group 1 were significantly depleted of unesterified cholesterol, and their HDL2 was TG-enriched (P = 0.053). A high HL activity, hyperinsulinemia and hypertriglyceridemia are independently associated with low levels of HDL2b and generally small HDL particle size. HDL particles in subjects with NIDDM and CAD are small-sized and have a low free cholesterol content. Both these characteristics may be markers of impaired reverse cholesterol transport.
A missense mutation in the glucagon receptor gene is associated with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) affects about 5% of the world population. The disease presents a polygenic mode of inheritance, but mechanisms and genes involved in late-onset NIDDM are largely unknown. We report the association of a single heterozygous Gly to Ser missense mutation in the glucagon receptor gene with late-onset NIDDM. This mutation was highly associated with NIDDM in a pooled set of French and Sardinian patients (chi 2 = 14.4, P = 0.0001) and showed some evidence for linkage to diabetes in 18 sibships from 9 French pedigrees (chi 2 = 6.63, P < 0.01). Receptor binding studies using cultured cells expressing the Gly40Ser mutation demonstrate that this mutation results in a receptor which binds glucagon with a three-fold lower affinity compared to the wild type receptor.
Spontaneous platelet aggregation in whole blood is increased in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and in female but not male patients with primary dyslipidemia.; Increased platelet aggregability has been shown in hypercholesterolemia, and stirring-induced spontaneous aggregation in whole blood is increased in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (DM). We have determined spontaneous aggregation in citrated (10 mM) whole blood, from 27 primary dyslipidemic patients (DYS; 14F, 13M), 16 male non-insulin-dependent DM (NIDDM) patients, and 17 normolipidemic controls (N; 6F, 11M), using platelet counting to quantify aggregation. Spontaneous aggregation was significantly higher, both in the female DYS group (median 30% [interquartile range 25,50], P < 0.005) and the NIDDM group (33% [25,41], P < 0.005), than in the N group (17% [12,27]), but did not differ significantly in the male DYS group (23% [10,33]). Similar results were obtained in the presence of indomethacin (25 mumol/l) to prevent artefactual thromboxane (TX) A2 formation, indicating that increased spontaneous aggregation was TXA2-independent. Interestingly, increased spontaneous aggregation appeared to be independent of serum cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations, as well as age and sex per se. We conclude that spontaneous platelet aggregation was increased both in female primary dyslipidemic patients and NIDDM patients, but not in male DYS patients. The clinical significance of increased spontaneous platelet aggregability is that it may favour shear-induced aggregation which may occur at critical arterial stenoses in vivo leading to thrombus formation.
Protein kinase C is increased in the liver of humans and rats with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: an alteration not due to hyperglycemia.; We tested the hypothesis that liver protein kinase C (PKC) is increased in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). To this end we examined the distribution of PKC isozymes in liver biopsies from obese individuals with and without NIDDM and in lean controls. PKC isozymes alpha, beta, epsilon and zeta were detected by immunoblotting in both the cytosol and membrane fractions. Isozymes gamma and delta were not detected. There was a significant increase in immunodetectable PKC-alpha (twofold), -epsilon (threefold), and -zeta (twofold) in the membrane fraction isolated from obese subjects with NIDDM compared with the lean controls. In obese subjects without NIDDM, the amount of membrane PKC isozymes was not different from the other two groups. We next sought an animal model where this observation could be studied further. The Zucker diabetic fatty rat offered such a model system. Immunodetectable membrane PKC-alpha, -beta, -epsilon, and -zeta were significantly increased when compared with both the lean and obese controls. The increase in immunodetectable PKC protein correlated with a 40% elevation in the activity of PKC at the membrane. Normalization of circulating glucose in the rat model by either insulin or phlorizin treatment did not result in a reduction in membrane PKC isozyme protein or kinase activity. Further, phlorizin treatment did not improve insulin receptor autophosphorylation nor did the treatment lower liver diacylglycerol. We conclude that liver PKC is increased in NIDDM, a change that is not secondary to hyperglycemia. It is possible that PKC-mediated phosphorylation of some component in the insulin signaling cascade contributes to the insulin resistance observed in NIDDM.
Oral vanadyl sulfate improves hepatic and peripheral insulin sensitivity in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We examined the in vivo metabolic effects of vanadyl sulfate (VS) in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Six NIDDM subjects treated with diet and/or sulfonylureas were examined at the end of three consecutive periods: placebo for 2 wk, VS (100 mg/d) for 3 wk, and placebo for 2 wk. Euglycemic hyperinsulinemic (30 mU/m2.min) clamps and oral glucose tolerance tests were performed at the end of each study period. Glycemic control at baseline was poor (fasting plasma glucose 210 +/- 19 mg/dl; HbA1c 9.6 +/- 0.6%) and improved after treatment (181 +/- 14 mg/dl [P < 0.05], 8.8 +/- 0.6%, [P < 0.002]); fasting and post-glucose tolerance test plasma insulin concentrations were unchanged. After VS, the glucose infusion rate during the clamp was increased (by approximately 88%, from 1.80 to 3.38 mg/kg.min, P < 0.0001). This improvement was due to both enhanced insulin-mediated stimulation of glucose uptake (rate of glucose disposal [Rd], +0.89 mg/kg.min) and increased inhibition of HGP (-0.74 mg/kg.min) (P < 0.0001 for both). Increased insulin-stimulated glycogen synthesis (+0.74 mg/kg.min, P < 0.0003) accounted for > 80% of the increased Rd after VS, and the improvement in insulin sensitivity was maintained after the second placebo period. The Km of skeletal muscle glycogen synthase was lowered by approximately 30% after VS treatment (P < 0.05). These results indicate that 3 wk of treatment with VS improves hepatic and peripheral insulin sensitivity in insulin-resistant NIDDM humans. These effects were sustained for up to 2 wk after discontinuation of VS.
The relationship between Helicobacter pylori infection and gastric emptying in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Forty-four patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were included in this study. Radionuclide-labelled solid meals were used to calculate gastric emptying times (GETs). The carbon-14 urea breath test (14C-UBT) was used to diagnose Helicobacter pylori (HP) infection. The patients were separated into groups according to the following two criteria: (1) HP infection was diagnosed on the basis of a 14C-UBT value of > or = 1.5; (2) the GET was defined as abnormal when it was > or = 117.1 min. The results showed that 61% (27/44) of the NIDDM patients had an HP infection, and 59% (26/44) had an abnormal GET. The incidence of abnormal GET in positive 14C-UBT patients (62%) was higher than that in negative 14C-UBT patients (56%). Similarly, the incidence of positive 14C-UBT in abnormal GET cases (62%) was higher than that in normal GET cases (56%). However, according to chi-square tests the differences were not significant. In conclusion, no significant relationship between HP infection and GET was found in patients with NIDDM.
Familial predisposition to nephropathy in African-Americans with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Nephropathy clusters in Pima Indian families with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), suggesting that susceptibility to nephropathy is distinct from NIDDM per se. The authors compared the family history of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) from 52 African-American patients with NIDDM-induced ESRD (cases) with 45 age-, sex-, and and race-matched non-insulin-dependent diabetics without nephropathy (controls) to assess whether the risk of renal disease was independent from NIDDM in African-Americans as well. Thirty-seven percent (19 of 52) of NIDDM-induced ESRD patients had either a first-, second-, or third-degree relative with ESRD, in contrast to only 7% (3 of 45) of diabetic controls. African-American individuals with NIDDM were at eightfold increased risk for developing subsequent ESRD in the presence of a close relative with ESRD (odds ratio = 8.06; 95% confidence interval, 2.2 to 29.6; P < or = 0.0005). No significant differences were observed in yearly income, years of formal education, total serum cholesterol level, prevalence of smoking, or hypertension between the groups. Diabetic control (assessed by glycosylated hemoglobin and random glucose levels) was suboptimal in nonrenal disease controls, suggesting that hyperglycemia alone fails to cause nephropathy in patients with NIDDM. Family size was unlikely to have influenced the results because diabetic cases had significantly fewer first-degree relatives than did diabetic controls. Familial clustering of ESRD is present in certain African-American families with NIDDM. Differences in family size and degree of diabetic control are unlikely to account for the differences observed between families.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Significance of high levels of serum IgA and IgA-class circulating immune complexes (IgA-CIC) in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Significance of serum IgA and IgA-class circulating immune complexes (IgA-CIC) elevation in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) was described. Seventeen patients with NIDDM and 17 patients with diffuse mesangial proliferative glomerulonephritis without deposition of IgA (DPGN) as controls were examined. The levels of serum IgA in patients with NIDDM were significantly higher than those in patients with DPGN (p < or = 0.01). The levels of IgA-CIC in patients with NIDDM were also significantly higher than those in patients with DPGN (p < or = 0.01). Production of IgA derived from B cells and the proportion of IgA bearing B cells in patients with NIDDM were not significantly higher than those in patients with DPGN. Furthermore, the levels of IgA in pharyngeal washings from diabetic patients were not significantly higher than those for DPGN patients. Duration of diabetes, the level of HbA1c, and the presence of hypertension, microalbuminuria, or retinopathy showed no significant correlations with the levels of serum IgA or IgA-CIC in patients with NIDDM. It was postulated that the elevations of serum IgA and IgA-CIC were based on subclinical infection of the mucosa and/or deterioration of IgA clearance in patients with NIDDM.
Blunted GH response to growth hormone-releasing hormone (GHRH) alone or combined with arginine in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; An increased spontaneous and stimulated growth hormone (GH) secretion is well documented in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. On the contrary, in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) conflicting results arise from literature. In 14 patients with NIDDM, 7 normal weight (NWD) and 7 obese (OD), we investigated the somatotrope responsiveness to GHRH (1 microgram/kg) alone or combined with arginine (ARG, 0.5 g/kg), which is able to enhance the GH response to GHRH, probably by inhibiting somatostatin release from hypothalamus. Baseline IGF-I, IRI FFA and glucose levels were also determined. Twelve healthy normal subjects (NS) and 12 obese patients (OP) were evaluated as control groups. GH but not IGF-I levels were higher (p < 0.05) in NS than in OP (1.5 +/- 0.5 vs 0.5 +/- 0.2 microgram/l). Insulin levels were higher (p < 0.05) in OP than in NS, NWD and OD (18.7 +/- 1.8 vs 8.7 +/- 0.5, 6.4 +/- 1.9 and 11.8 +/- 1.2 microU/l). FFA were higher (p < 0.05) in NWD. OD and OP than in NS (0.69 +/- 0.04, 0.70 +/- 0.04 and 0.65 +/- 0.06 vs 0.39 +/- 0.03 mmol/l). Plasma glucose was higher (p < 0.05) in diabetic patients than in normal and obese subjects. GH responses to GHRH in NWD, OD and OP were similar (AUC: 221.6 +/- 33.3, 206.0 +/- 35.9 and 177.2 +/- 57.3 micrograms/l/min, respectively) and all lower (p < 0.05) than that in NS (776.7 +/- 206.5 micrograms/l/min). ARG determined a significant increase of GHRH-induced GH release in all groups (p < 0.01). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Effects of exercise intensity on insulin sensitivity in women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Exercise enhances insulin sensitivity in people with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), but the intensity of exercise necessary to optimize the effect is unknown. Eight women with NIDDM were studied on a metabolic ward in each of three conditions: 1) low-intensity exercise (LO) that consisted of treadmill walking at 50% of maximal O2 consumption on days 1 and 2, 2) high-intensity exercise (HI) that consisted of walking at 75% of maximal O2 consumption, and 3) no exercise (NX). The duration of exercise was adjusted so that energy expenditure was equal in both exercise conditions. On day 3, glucose, [6,6-2H]glucose, and insulin were infused at fixed rates for 3 h. Insulin sensitivity was determined both by steady-state plasma glucose concentration and rate of glucose disposal per unit plasma insulin. Steady-state plasma glucose concentration and rate of glucose disposal per unit plasma insulin were almost identical after LO or HI; values were significantly greater than after NX. Plasma glucose response to a test meal was the same among the three conditions, but plasma insulin response was lower for HI and LO compared with NX. We conclude that under these conditions LO is as effective as HI in enhancing insulin sensitivity in people with NIDDM.
Prospective study of small LDLs as a risk factor for non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in elderly men and women.; BACKGROUND: The excess risk of atherosclerosis among patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is well documented. However, the presence of conventional risk factors cannot fully account for this excess risk, and the underlying mechanism remains to be elucidated. The present study prospectively evaluated the role of small LDL, a known risk factor for coronary heart disease, as a risk factor for the development of NIDDM., METHODS AND RESULTS: The study was based on a nested case-control sample of 204 elderly men and women from Kuopio, Finland. LDL subclasses were characterized by size with 2% to 14% polyacrylamide gels produced by recently developed methods. Logistic regression analysis showed that subjects with a predominance of small LDL (LDL subclass phenotype B) had a greater than two fold increased risk for developing NIDDM over the 3.5-year follow-up period. This association was independent of age, sex, glucose intolerance, and body mass index but was not independent of fasting triglyceride or insulin levels. Further, an increase of 5A in LDL diameter was associated with a 16% decrease in risk of NIDDM, and a composite variable of LDL diameter and triglyceride and HDL cholesterol concentrations, identified by principal-components analysis, was also associated with NIDDM. These associations may be attributable to the role of small LDL as a marker for insulin resistance., CONCLUSIONS: This study is the first to demonstrate that a predominance of small LDL particles is a risk factor for the future development of NIDDM, and it implies that small LDL contributes to risk of coronary heart disease in prediabetics.
Effect of glycemic control on calcium and phosphorus handling and parathyroid hormone level in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The present study was undertaken to determine whether improvement of hyperglycemia alters calcium and phosphorus handling, parathyroid hormone (PTH) secretion and bone turnover in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We measured serum and urinary mineral levels, serum intact PTH and osteocalcin on admission and at discharge (38 +/- 3 days later, Means +/- SEM) in 28 patients with poorly-controlled NIDDM (63 +/- 2 years old, 13 males and 15 females). During the hospitalization period, glycemic control was markedly improved. Serum calcium levels remained unchanged, but serum phosphorus increased. Urinary calcium and phosphorus excretion decreased. Serum intact PTH decreased from mid-normal (30.0 +/- 2.2 ng/l) to low normal values (24.0 +/- 1.3 ng/l) (P < 0.01, normal values: 10-65 ng/l). Serum osteocalcin increased from 4.14 +/- 0.35 to 4.92 +/- 0.40 micrograms/l (P < 0.01, normal values: 2.5-13 micrograms/l). On admission, urinary calcium and phosphorus excretion showed a positive correlation with urinary glucose excretion. Serum calcium levels showed a negative correlation with serum intact PTH (r = -0.46, P < 0.05). Moreover, the change in serum calcium during the hospitalization was negatively correlated to the change in serum intact-PTH (r = -0.45, P < 0.05). Serum phosphorus concentrations showed a positive correlation with the renal threshold for phosphorus excretion on admission (r = 0.86, P < 0.01). These results indicate that hyperglycemia causes excess urinary calcium and phosphorus excretion in patients with NIDDM. In response to urinary calcium loss, PTH secretion is mildly stimulated. Bone formation seems to be suppressed in the hyperglycemic state in spite of increased PTH secretion.
Hyperglycemia facilitates urinary excretion of C-peptide by increasing glomerular filtration rate in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We have evaluated the feasibility of monitoring the 24-hour urinary excretion rate of C-peptide (U-CPR) as a measure of integrated beta-cell function in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). In 37 normoalbuminuric patients, U-CPR of 117.9 +/- 9.1 micrograms/d (mean +/- SEM) during the poorly controlled glycemic phase (fasting plasma glucose [FPG], 171 +/- 7 mg/dL; hemoglobin A1C [HbA1c], 8.8% +/- 0.4%) was significantly higher than the value of 83.3 +/- 13.7 micrograms/d (P < .001) during the well-controlled phase (FPG, 135 +/- 6 mg/dL; HbA1c, 7.0% +/- 0.2%), although the plasma insulin response to meals was lower during the former phase (53.3 +/- 6.3 microU/mL) versus the latter phase (65.7 +/- 6.6, P < .005). Endogenous creatinine clearance (Ccr) was significantly elevated during the poorly controlled phase (105.4 +/- 7.3 v 88.7 +/- 4.7 mL/min, P < .005). In 26 microalbuminuric patients, the plasma insulin response was greater during good glycemic control, but U-CPR did not differ between the two phases. Ccr was comparable at two phases in this group (92.7 +/- 7.4 v 91.1 +/- 5.9 mL/min, NS). U-CPR correlated positively with Ccr in both groups (r = .593, P < .001 in normoalbuminuria; r = .585, P < .001 in microalbuminuria). In addition, when biosynthetic human C-peptide was infused intravenously at an identical rate in two healthy subjects, resulting steady-state plasma levels of CPR were lower, and fractional U-CPR was higher during the moderately hyperglycemic phase versus the euglycemic phase.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Practice guidelines for medical nutrition therapy provided by dietitians for persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. International Diabetes Center.; Nutrition practice guidelines define a systematic approach for medical nutrition therapy (MNT) provided by dietitians and are derived from scientific evidence and expert opinion. Nutrition practice guidelines for persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) can be implemented for those with newly diagnosed or previously diagnosed NIDDM at the first visit to a dietitian for initial or ongoing MNT. The guidelines apply to patients treated with MNT alone, MNT and oral glucose-lowering agents, or MNT and insulin. They provide a framework to assist the dietitian in the assessment, intervention (nutrition prescription, education, goal setting), and evaluation of outcomes for MNT. Minimum referral data for clinical decision making and outcome criteria are defined. Basic nutrition care is defined as one visit with the dietitian. Nutrition practice guidelines care consists of a series of visits with the dietitian. At the second follow-up visit, the dietitian assesses what has been accomplished with the nutrition interventions. If the patient has implemented the nutrition recommendations to the best of his or her ability and has not achieved the treatment goals, the dietitian should notify the physician and recommend that changes in medical management are needed. Ongoing nutrition care is recommended at 6-month to 1-year intervals for both basic and practice guidelines care.
[Relationship between various syndrome-types and defect of erythrocyte insulin receptors in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; Fifty-seven patients of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were divided into various groups by Syndrome Differentiation in TCM and 18 cases of non-diabetes mellitus were taken as control. The relationship of Syndrome-types and defect of the erythrocyte insulin receptors were studied with the percentage of specific insulin binding to erythrocyte, number and average affinity of erythrocyte insulin receptors. The results showed: (1) The patients of NIDDM had defect of erythrocyte insulin receptors specified with decreased number of insulin receptors; (2)Mild defect of erythrocyte insulin receptors was found in Syndrome of Yin Deficiency and hyperactivity of Heat, but serious defect in the Syndrome of both Qi and Yin Deficiency, in the Syndrome of both Yin and Yang Deficiency. Above data suggested that the defect of erythrocyte insulin receptors was correlated with Syndrome-types of patients with NIDDM, the more serious Deficiency Syndrome, the more serious defect of erythrocyte insulin receptors.
Metabolic defects in persistent impaired glucose tolerance are related to the family history of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Recent studies have suggested that the family history of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) influences glucose metabolism in subjects with normal glucose tolerance (NGT). However, it is not known whether the family history of NIDDM influences glucose metabolism in impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). We studied in a well-characterized group the impact of family history of NIDDM (diabetes mellitus [DM]-positive) in subjects with IGT on glucose disposal rate (GDR) measured by the euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp technique combined with indirect calorimetry. We recruited subjects from our previous population-based studies, and verified their glucose tolerance status twice during the follow-up period of 1 year. Subjects with NGT (n = 10) and IGT (n = 18) were comparable with respect to age, sex distribution, body mass index, smoking habits, and hypertension. As a group, IGT subjects showed lower GDR than the NGT group (28.6 +/- 12.1 v 38.9 +/- 13.6 mumol/kg/min, P < .05). IGT DM-positive subjects showed a 40% lower GDR than the NGT group (P < .05) and a 29% lower GDR than IGT DM-negative subjects (P = NS). IGT DM-positive subjects had lower glucose oxidation (P = NS, P < .01), glucose nonoxidation (P = NS, P = .01), and suppression of lipid oxidation (P = NS, P < .05) during the hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp as compared with IGT DM-negative and NGT groups, respectively. In conclusion, in subjects with persistent IGT, the family history of NIDDM is associated with the reduced total whole-body, oxidative, and nonoxidative GDR.
Which is the primary etiologic event in Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty rats, a model of spontaneous non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, insulin resistance, or impaired insulin secretion?.; To identify the primary disorder causing diabetes mellitus in a model rat (Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty [OLETF]) with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we studied the temporal relationship between insulin resistance and impairment of pancreatic beta-cell function. Groups of 28 male OLETF rats and male nondiabetic control Long-Evans Tokushima Otsuka (LETO) rats were given an intravenous (i.v.) glucose and glucagon tolerance test (IVGTT) and hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp tests at 10, 16, 24, and 40 weeks of age. After the euglycemic clamp test, abdominal fat was measured and the pancreas was examined histologically. At 16 weeks of age, insulin-mediated whole-body glucose uptake as measured by the hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp technique was significantly reduced in OLETF rats (glucose infusion rat [GIR], 40.9 +/- 4.2 mumol/kg.min) as compared with LETO rats (78.4 +/- 6.9). On the other hand, plasma insulin responses to glucose and glucagon in OLETF rats were higher than those in LETO rats at 16 and 24 weeks of age, but clearly decreased at 40 weeks of age (sigma immunoreactive insulin [IRI] to glucagon, 8.81 +/- 1.81 v 27.32 +/- 4.59 nmol.min in OLETF and LETO rats, respectively, P < .01). Abdominal fat deposition was significantly greater in OLETF rats than in LETO rats at all ages tested except 10 weeks. Pancreatic islets of OLETF rats became enlarged and fibrotic. These results demonstrated that insulin resistance preceded impairment of pancreatic beta-cell function in OLETF rats, and that insulin resistance seemed closely related to fat deposition in the abdominal cavity.
Relationship between insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: beta-cell function, islet cell antibody, and haptoglobin in parents of IDDM patients.; To examine the relationship between non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), we studied beta-cell function, HLA type, and serologic markers of IDDM and NIDDM in the parents of IDDM patients. Fifty-two parents of 33 IDDM patients were examined in terms of islet-cell antibody (ICA) status, haptoglobin phenotype, HLA type, and insulin responses during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Twenty-seven parents were prospectively evaluated for up to 113 months. They were divided into the following three groups based on pattern of ICA positivity during the follow-up period: group 1, persistently positive ICA (n = 4); group 2, fluctuating ICA (n = 7); and group 3, persistently negative ICA (n = 16). Twenty-three percent (12 of 52) of the parents of IDDM patients had NIDDM, and 12% (six of 52) of the matched controls did. The prevalence of ICA in the parents (11 of 52, 21%) was greater than in normal controls (one of 112, P < .01). Diabetic parents tended to show a higher prevalence of ICA (six of 12, 50%) than nondiabetic parents (six of 40, 15%; P = .06). ICA-positive parents showed higher glucose levels and lower insulin responses than ICA-negative parents. Three of four parents in group 1 slowly progressed to an insulin-dependent state during 25 +/- 3 months of follow-up evaluation. Parents in group 2 and group 3 did not show any changes in glucose levels or insulin responses during the study.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Insulin secretory defects in polycystic ovary syndrome. Relationship to insulin sensitivity and family history of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The increased prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) among women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) has been ascribed to the insulin resistance characteristic of PCOS. This study was undertaken to determine the role of defects in insulin secretion as well as familial factors to the predisposition to NIDDM seen in PCOS. We studied three groups of women: PCOS with a family history of NIDDM (PCOS FHx POS; n = 11), PCOS without a family history of NIDDM (PCOS FHx NEG; n = 13), and women without PCOS who have a family history of NIDDM (NON-PCOS FHx POS; n = 8). Beta cell function was evaluated during a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test, by a low dose graded glucose infusion, and by the ability of the beta cell to be entrained by an oscillatory glucose infusion. PCOS FHx POS women were significantly less likely to demonstrate appropriate beta cell compensation for the degree of insulin resistance. The ability of the beta cell to entrain, as judged by the spectral power for insulin secretion rate, was significantly reduced in PCOS FHx POS subjects. In conclusion, a history of NIDDM in a first-degree relative appears to define a subset of PCOS subjects with a greater prevalence of insulin secretory defects. The risk of developing NIDDM imparted by insulin resistance in PCOS may be enhanced by these defects in insulin secretion.
Segregation analysis of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Pima Indians: evidence for a major-gene effect.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has a high prevalence in Pima Indians. The disorder is familial, but the extent to which genetic factors are involved in its etiology is largely unknown. Segregation analysis was used to determine whether familial aggregation of NIDDM in this population could reflect the action of a single major gene. The analysis included 2,697 subjects from 653 nuclear families in which both parents and at least one offspring had been examined in the course of a longitudinal epidemiological study. The REGTL program of the SAGE package was used to fit models in which age at onset of NIDDM is transmitted from parent to offspring under the unified model for segregation analysis. Likelihood-ratio tests were used to test hypotheses related to genetic transmission. The hypothesis of no major effect was strongly rejected (P < .01), as was that of no transmission of the major effect (P < .01). Mendelian transmission was not rejected (P = .91). Similar results were obtained when covariates for obesity and birth cohort were added to the models and when a power transformation of age at onset was estimated. A strong effect of birth cohort with earlier age at onset in the later born cohorts was observed (P < .01). The findings are consistent with the hypothesis that a major gene influences the risk for NIDDM in Pima Indians by affecting age at onset. The expression of this gene may depend on environmental factors that have become more prevalent in recent-birth cohorts.
Time of onset of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and genetic variation in the beta 3-adrenergic-receptor gene.; BACKGROUND: The beta 3-adrenergic receptor is expressed in visceral adipose tissue and is thought to contribute to the regulation of the resting metabolic rate and lipolysis., METHODS: To investigate whether mutations in the gene for the beta 3-adrenergic receptor predispose patients to obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we studied this gene in 10 Pima Indians by analysis of single-stranded conformational polymorphisms and dideoxy sequence analysis. Association studies were performed in 642 Pima subjects (390 with NIDDM and 252 without NIDDM)., RESULTS: A missense mutation was identified in the gene for the beta 3-adrenergic receptor that results in the replacement of tryptophan by arginine (Trp64Arg) in the first intracellular loop of the receptor. This mutation was detected with allelic frequencies of 0.31 in Pima Indians, 0.13 in 62 Mexican Americans, 0.12 in 49 blacks, and 0.08 in 48 whites in the United States. Among Pimas, the frequency of the Trp64Arg mutation was similar in nondiabetic and diabetic subjects. However, in subjects homozygous for the mutation the mean (+/- SD) age at the onset of NIDDM was significantly lower (36 +/- 10 years) than in Trp64Arg heterozygotes (40 +/- 10 years) or normal homozygotes (41 +/- 11 years; P = 0.02). Furthermore, subjects with the mutation tended to have a lower adjusted resting metabolic rate (P = 0.14 by analysis of covariance)., CONCLUSIONS: Pima subjects homozygous for the Trp64Arg beta 3-adrenergic-receptor mutation have an earlier onset of NIDDM and tend to have a lower resting metabolic rate. This mutation may accelerate the onset of NIDDM by altering the balance of energy metabolism in visceral adipose tissue.
[Decreased brain function in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].; Neurobehavioral and electrophysiologic studies were carried out to determine the effect of diabetes mellitus on brain function. Fifty one non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients were compared with 30 nondiabetic controls that are equally matched in age, sex and educational level. The aim of this study was to determine the change of brain function in diabetics, and to evaluate the correlation between brain function and clinical factors. The results showed: In the diabetic group, 'the Clinical Memory Test' performances on MQ, the five subtests were respectively lower than those of the controls. 'The Fourth Exception Test', 'the Motor Stability Test' and 'the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale' results were significantly disordered, too. The latencies of wave I, III, V of BAEP, wave N65 P100 N125 P160 of VEP, wave P1 N1 P2 N2 N3 P4 of SEP and the interpeak latency of I-V of BAEP were prolonged significantly compared with the controls. Within the diabetics, there was correlation between I-V interpeak latency of BAEP, P100 peak latency of VEP and serum creatinine. These results demonstrate that brain dysfunction are present in NIDDM, and these brain dysfunction correlate with the kidney function.
Effects of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus on the reactivity of human internal mammary artery and human saphenous vein.; The effects of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were investigated on the reactivity of human internal mammary artery (IMA) and saphenous vein (SV) rings obtained from coronary artery patients (CAP) undergoing coronary artery bypass surgery. In the presence of endothelium, the maximal contractile response and sensitivity (pD2) of IMA or SV to NA and ET-1 significantly increased in CAP with NIDDM relative to CAP only (controls). Removal of the endothelium markedly and significantly enhanced the maximal contractile response and sensitivity of IMA or SV to NA in CAP only, but did not induce a significant alteration in CAP with NIDDM compared to that in the presence of endothelium. The maximal contractile response and sensitivity of diabetic vessels with or without endothelium to NA were similar to values of corresponding vessels without endothelium obtained from nondiabetic CAP. The maximum contractions developed by NA or ET-1 were much greater in SV than that determinated in the IMA. Acetylcholine (ACh) and histamine produced endothelium-dependent relaxations in precontracted IMA and these effects of ACh and histamine significantly decreased in CAP with NIDDM. Endothelium-dependent relaxations stimulated by ACh were more pronounced in IMA than that determinated in the SV. In precontracted SV, histamine induced marked contractions that were significantly greater in CAP with NIDDM relative to CAP only. Endothelium-independent relaxations of vessels to sodium nitroprusside (SNP) were not influenced by NIDDM. Data indicate that NIDDM causes a deficit in the vasorelaxant activity of endothelium, leading to an increase in contractility of human IMA and SV. Data also suggest that IMA can be a better choice of graft for coronary occlusive disease than SV, specially in patients with NIDDM.
Normalization of impaired glucose tolerance by the short-acting hypoglycemic agent calcium (2S)-2-benzyl-3-(cis-hexahydro-2-isoindolinylcarbonyl)propionate dihydrate (KAD-1229) in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus rats.; We have investigated the hypoglycemic effects of the newly synthesized short-acting nonsulphonylurea hypoglycemic agent calcium (2S)-2-benzyl-3-(cis-hexahydro-2-isoindolinylcarbonyl)-propionate dihydrate (KAD-1229) in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) rats. NIDDM rats that were given a neonatal injection of 60 mg/kg streptozotocin showed a dose-dependent but attenuated response to oral administration of KAD-1229 and gliclazide, and their impaired glucose tolerance was improved but not normalized. We next produced, using a neonatal injection of 30 mg/kg streptozotocin, a mild type of NIDDM rat with less impaired glucose tolerance. These rats responded well to these insulinotropic hypoglycemic agents. Their impaired glucose and meal tolerance were completely normalized by oral administration of 3 mg/kg KAD-1229. The efficacy of KAD-1229 in this NIDDM rat model 1-3 h after oral glucose administration was comparable with similar doses of gliclazide, despite its shorter hypoglycemic action (compared with gliclazide), in fasting normal rats. In meal tolerance tests (20 kcal/kg; 1 cal = 4.2 J), KAD-1229 reduced abnormally enhanced plasma glucose levels 1-3 h after administration. This effect disappeared by 5 h. In contrast, gliclazide showed sustained hypoglycemic effects until 5 h after oral administration, with a lower postprandial (0.5-1 h) effect. These data indicated that the rapid- and short-acting efficacy of KAD-1229 would be beneficial and sufficient to control postprandial plasma glucose in NIDDM rats.
A case of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus with antiinsulin antibody: effect of subcutaneous injection of human recombinant insulin-like growth factor-I.; We saw a 57-yr-old female non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patient with antiinsulin antibody, in whom insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) was shown to be effective as a blood glucose-lowering agent. Due to the presence of the antibody, the patient suffered from postprandial hyperglycemia and frequent hypoglycemia, which were uncontrollable even by multiple insulin injection therapy. In contrast to insulin injection (0.24 IU/kg body wt) which showed a delayed glucose-lowering effect, subcutaneous injection of recombinant human IGF-I (0.05-0.1 mg/kg body wt) caused a quick fall in plasma glucose levels. Prolongation of the glucose-lowering effect of "rapid-acting" insulin frequently caused subsequent hypoglycemia in this patient, but the effect of IGF-I seemed to have disappeared within the first three hours.
Adherence to treatment and social support in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; We carried out a cross-sectional study to investigate factors associated with adherence to diet and medication in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. A total of 200 patients not seeking treatment from clubs for diabetics from two hospitals in Leon, Mexico, accepted inclusion. Patients interviewed had a mean age of 58.8 (53.3-56.4, 95% C.I.) years. We evaluated adherence to diet and medication, knowledge on diabetes, social support, family's structure and functioning (with a modified McMaster model), metabolic control, and complications. Stepwise multiple regression procedure showed that adherence to diet was associated with years since diagnosis (p = 0.003) and with social support (p = 0.007). Adherence to medication was associated with social support (p = 0.002), and the age of the spouse (p = 0.016). Adherence to medication was lower in patients from families with rigid control than in the group with Laissez-faire type of control (p = 0.010) or the group with flexible control (p = 0.002). Social support was lower in the group with chaotic control than that in the group with flexible control (p < 0.001). Compliance to diet was associated with peripheral neuropathy and plasma creatinine, and adherence to medication with plasma glucose and peripheral neuropathy. We concluded that (1) adherence to treatment in NIDDM patients is associated with social support; (2) some aspects related to the family, such as the age of the spouse and the control of behavior, were also associated with compliance to treatment; and (3) it is important for the practicing physicians, and for institutional programs, to consider factors associated with adherence to treatment.
Decreased cell-mediated immunity in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) show reduced proliferative response to phytohemagglutinin (PHA) and other mitogens. This study was undertaken to determine whether this reduced lymphocyte proliferation is mediated by a decreased production of cytokine or decreased expression of interleukin-2 receptor (IL-2R). Mononuclear cells from NIDDM patients (n = 34) and healthy controls (n = 22) were cultured in RPMI-1640 media containing PHA, concanavalin-A and phorbol myristate acetate. NIDDM patients showed reduced [3H]thymidine uptake (57% of controls, P < 0.01), reduced percentage of IL-2R-positive cells (61% of controls, P < 0.02) and increased level of tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha (200% of controls, P < 0.05). The percentage of complement receptor (CR) 3-positive monocytes from NIDDM patients was also decreased (72% of controls, P < 0.05). However, the production of IL-1 beta, IL-2 and interferon-gamma, the percentages of pan T cells (CD3), T helper cells (CD4), T suppressor cells (CD8), the ratio of CD4/CD8 and the expression of CR1 and Fc receptors for immunoglobulin G (Fc gamma RII and Fc gamma RIII) were not significantly different between NIDDM patients and healthy subjects. Human recombinant IL-2 was unable to restore the [3H]thymidine uptake by PHA-stimulated mononuclear cells from NIDDM patients. Elevation of glucose concentration up to 27.8 mmol/l in the culture medium did not suppress the [3H]thymidine uptake and IL-2R expression by activated lymphocytes from healthy subjects. The decreased expression of IL-2R on activated lymphocytes might be responsible for the insufficient lymphocyte proliferation in NIDDM patients. These findings suggest that decreased expression of CR3 on monocytes, decreased lymphocyte proliferation and decreased IL-2R expression despite a higher production of TNF-alpha may explain the impaired cell-mediated immunity seen in NIDDM patients.
Effect of 24 weeks of treatment with epalrestat, an aldose reductase inhibitor, on peripheral neuropathy in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The effects of treatment with epalrestat, an aldose reductase inhibitor, on peripheral neuropathy were studied in 45 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Epalrestat 150 mg three times daily was given for 24 weeks. Subjective symptoms, such as spontaneous pain in the lower extremities and numbness and hypoesthesia of the extremities or trunk, were significantly (P < 0.001) relieved after 12 and 24 weeks of epalrestat treatment. Vibratory perception thresholds, as measured by using a tuning fork (C-128) and a vibrometer, were improved after 24 weeks of treatment. Furthermore, there were no adverse effects on glucose or lipid metabolism during treatment. These results suggest that long-term (24-week) epalrestat therapy can be used effectively to treat peripheral neuropathy in NIDDM patients without affecting glucose or lipid metabolism.
Peripheral vascular disease in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in south India.; The prevalence of peripheral vascular disease (PVD) was assessed in terms of ankle/brachial index by doppler studies in a large cohort of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients in South India. One hundred and ninety-two out of 4941 patients (3.9%) had evidence of PVD. There was a slight female excess in PVD patients. There was a linear increase in prevalence of PVD with increasing duration of diabetes. Multiple logistic regression analyses showed that serum cholesterol, serum creatinine, systolic BP, duration of diabetes and ishaemic heart disease are strong predictive factors for PVD. The prevalence of PVD in South Indians is lower than that reported in European populations.
Glomerular hyperfiltration in Koreans with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Glomerular hyperfiltration (GHF) may play an important role in the pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy. The prevalence of GHF in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is reported to vary in different populations, ranging from 35% in black Americans with new-onset diabetes to less than 5% in whites. We measured glomerular filtration rate (GFR) by 51Cr-EDTA clearance methods in 284 Korean NIDDM patients without overt nephropathy. Glomerular hyperfiltration (defined as GFR > 140 mL/min/1.73 m2) was found in 25% (71 of 284) of the patients. Thirty percent and 15% of the patients with known duration of diabetes less than 5 years and more than 10 years, respectively, showed GHF. Microalbuminuria (defined as urinary albumin excretion rate 20 to 200 micrograms/min) was found in 23% (64 of 284) of the patients. The mean GFR of the microalbuminuric patients was not significantly different from that of the normoalbuminuric patients (121.5 +/- 30.1 mL/min/1.73 m2 v 124.9 +/- 26.4 mL/min/1.73 m2; P = NS). However, when the patients with microalbuminuria were divided according to the presence or absence of retinopathy, the microalbuminuric patients with retinopathy had a lower GFR compared with the microalbuminuric patients without retinopathy (109.6 +/- 35.5 mL/min/1.73 m2 v 130.0 +/- 26.3 mL/min/1.73 m2; P < 0.01). These results show that the prevalence of GHF in Korean NIDDM patients without overt nephropathy is higher than that reported in whites and that it is similar to that in black Americans. The high prevalence of GHF in Korean NIDDM patients may contribute to the relatively higher prevalence of clinical diabetic nephropathy in this population.
Early abnormalities of cardiac function in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance.; The aim of this study was to evaluate the role of diabetes and minor abnormalities of glucose homeostasis, such as impaired glucose tolerance, as determinants of cardiac function and structure in a working population. We studied a population-based sample of 64 telephone company employees (both sexes, mean age 58 years): 25 with normoglycemia, 15 with impaired glucose tolerance, and 24 with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) diagnosed by oral glucose tolerance test according to the recommendations of the World Health Organization. Subjects with myocardial ischemia were excluded. Left ventricular end-systolic dimension, indexed to body surface area, was greater in those with NIDDM (p < 0.05) and in those with impaired glucose tolerance (p < 0.05) with respect to normoglycemic persons. The ratio of the peak early diastolic velocity wave to the late diastolic wave was lower in those with NIDDM (p < 0.05) and in those with impaired glucose tolerance (p < 0.05) than in participants with normoglycemia. Body mass index and blood pressure were similar in the 3 groups. These results clearly indicate that early abnormalities of cardiac structure and function are observed not only in patients with NIDDM, but also in those with impaired glucose tolerance, independent of the confounding role of myocardial ischemia, body weight, and blood pressure.
Lipoprotein(a) concentrations in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and borderline hyperglycemia: a population-based study.; The objective of the study was to compare lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] concentrations in population-based samples of individuals with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), borderline hyperglycemia, and normoglycemia. From 2,740 male Italian Telephone Company employees aged 40 to 59 years participating in a health screening, we selected all those with NIDDM (n = 100) plus a random sample of 950 nondiabetic individuals. Diabetes was defined as fasting plasma glucose (FPG) of at least 140 mg/dL or current use of hypoglycemic drugs. Among nondiabetic individuals, 854 were defined as normoglycemic (FPG < 115 mg/dL) and 95 were defined as borderline hyperglycemic (115 < FPG < 140 mg/dL). Lp(a) level was measured on frozen plasma by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Lp(a) concentrations were similar in people with NIDDM, borderline hyperglycemia, and normoglycemia: 11.2 +/- 14, 14.1 +/- 20, and 13.9 +/- 18 mg/dL, respectively (F = 1.03). Accordingly, the proportion of subjects with Lp(a) levels of at least 30 mg/dL was comparable in the three groups (12%, 15%, and 14%; chi 2 = 3.95, P = .41). Results were not confounded by differences in age, body mass index (BMI), waist to hip ratio, plasma lipids, alcohol consumption, physical activity, and use of drugs. Furthermore, within the diabetic group Lp(a) levels were not significantly different for those on diet only versus those on oral agents (10.8 +/- 14.1 v 11.7 +/- 14.7, P = .7) or for people with FPG of at least 180 as compared with people with FPG less than 180 mg/dL (9.9 +/- 12.8 v 11.5 +/- 14.8, P = .5). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Outcomes of patients with hypertension and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus treated by different systems and specialties. Results from the medical outcomes study.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the outcomes of patients with hypertension and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) who were cared for in three different systems of care and by generalist and subspecialist physicians., DESIGN: An observational study with follow-up at three periods: (1) a 2-year study of 532 patients with hypertension and 170 patients with NIDDM who had entrance and exit histories, physical examinations, and laboratory tests; (2) a 4-year follow-up of 1044 patients with hypertension and 317 patients with NIDDM based on patient-reported functional status; and (3) 7-year mortality for 1296 patients with hypertension and 424 patients with NIDDM., SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: Patients sampled from health maintenance organizations, large multispecialty groups, and solo or single-specialty group practices in Boston, Mass, Los Angeles, Calif, and Chicago, Ill. Patients were designated as belonging to one of three systems of care: fee for service; prepaid patients in solo or small single-specialty groups or in large multispecialty group practices, referred to as independent practice associations; and staff-model health maintenance organizations. The principal providers were family practitioners, general internists, cardiologists, or endocrinologists., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Physiological, functional, and mortality. For hypertension, we measured blood pressure and stroke incidence. For NIDDM, we measured blood pressure, glycosylated hemoglobin level, visual function, vibration sense, ulcers and infections in the feet, and albumin excretion rate. Functional outcomes were assessed using the Medical Outcomes Study 36-Item Short-Form Health Survey (SF-36). Mortality was assessed for the 7 years following the entrance examination., RESULTS: We found no evidence that any one system of care or physician specialty achieved consistently better 2-year or 4-year outcomes than others for patients with NIDDM or hypertension. Endocrinologists appeared to achieve better foot-ulcer and infection outcomes for patients with NIDDM, particularly when compared with family practitioners. However, no other specialist differences were found in any individual measures for either condition. Moreover, no adjusted mortality differences among systems or among physicians specialties were observed in the 7-year follow-up period., CONCLUSION: No meaningful differences were found in the mean health outcomes for patients with hypertension or NIDDM, whether they were treated by different care systems or by different physician specialists. Although prepaid medicine relies more heavily on generalist physicians than does fee for service, there is no evidence from these analyses that the quality of care of moderately ill patients with these two common disease was adversely affected. These findings must be viewed in light of the historically higher costs of fee-for-service medicine and of subspecialty physician practice.
Ultrasonographic imaging and Doppler analysis of renal changes in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; RATIONALE AND OBJECTIVES: We used ultrasonographic imaging and Doppler analysis to assess renal changes in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and normal renal function, as established by normal serum creatinine levels and the absence of macroalbuminuria., METHODS: Renal parenchymal echogenicity, renal volume, and resistive index (RI) were blindly evaluated for 85 NIDDM patients and 42 age-matched control subjects (C). Results were analyzed and correlated with the following clinical parameters: patient age, duration of diabetes, blood pressure, blood glucose and cholesterol levels, and the presence of microalbuminuria., RESULTS: Normal renal parenchymal echogenicity was seen in all but one NIDDM patient; however, in comparison with C, diabetic patients had significantly higher renal volume (mean +/- standard deviation, 314.01 +/- 72.74 vs 227.64 +/- 58.76) and RI (mean +/- standard deviation, 0.71 +/- 0.05 vs 0.64 +/- 0.02). An RI higher than 0.70 was found in 55 of 85 (65%) NIDDM patients; an increased RI was directly correlated with patient age, whereas an inverse correlation existed between an increased RI and renal volume. No statistically significant differences were observed for the duration of diabetes, arterial hypertension, blood levels of glucose and cholesterol, and the presence of microalbuminuria., CONCLUSIONS: NIDDM patients with normal renal function show a significant increase in renal volume and RI in comparison with C. Demonstration of these findings may aid in the detection of early renal involvement in NIDDM patients. However, further investigations are needed to understand fully the correlation of such changes with the pathology of diabetic nephropathy and to provide an interpretation of the pathophysiologic mechanisms underlying changes in intrarenal vascular impedance in NIDDM patients.
Platelet volume and urinary prostanoid metabolites in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To evaluate platelet activity in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we measured the mean platelet volume (MPV) and 24-hour urinary excretion of 11-dehydro-thromboxane B2 (11-dTXB2) and 6-keto-prostaglandin F1 alpha (6-kPGF1 alpha), stable metabolites of thromboxane A2 and prostacyclin, respectively. The MPV of the 103 subjects in the NIDDM group were 10.72 +/- 0.82 fl for males and 10.52 +/- 1.01 fl for females (mean +/- SD), significantly higher than those of normal controls (9.95 +/- 0.75 fl for males and 9.84 +/- 0.72 fl for females). The MPV of patients with NIDDM showed positive correlations with fasting plasma glucose level and HbA1c (r = 0.234, P < 0.05; r = 0.267, P < 0.01, respectively). The urinary excretion of 11-dTXB2 was greater in the NIDDM group (7.58 +/- 4.42 micrograms/day for males and 5.65 +/- 2.38 micrograms/day for females) than in the normal controls (4.61 +/- 2.31 and 3.83 +/- 1.60, respectively), suggesting that the synthesis of thromboxane A2 by platelets may be accelerated in vivo in patients with NIDDM. The urinary 6-kPGF1 alpha was not different between the NIDDM group and normal controls among the males, but was greater in the NIDDM group among the females. As MPV showed a positive correlation (r = 0.364, P < 0.05) with urinary excretion of 11-dTXB2, MPV may be related to platelet activity. These findings suggest that the platelets of patients with NIDDM may be in a hyperactive state.
Liver iron stores in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Iron overload such as that in idiopathic hemochromatosis is a well-established, albeit rare, cause of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Most patients with NIDDM have no recognized cause of their disease. Investigators have proposed that subclinical iron overload may cause diabetes mellitus in a substantial number of patients with NIDDM., OBJECTIVE: The aim of the current study was to evaluate hepatic iron stores in autopsy specimens from a group of community residents with NIDDM., METHODS: Fifteen patients with NIDDM and 17 age-matched control subjects were identified from a review of medical records of decreased residents of Olmsted County, Minnesota. Formalin-fixed liver tissue was analyzed for iron concentration by flameless atomic absorption spectrophotometry, and distribution of hepatic iron was determined histochemically., RESULTS: No significant difference was found in either the distribution or the mean amount of hepatic iron between the diabetic and the control group (1,303 versus 1,349 micrograms Fe/g dry weight; P = 0.87). Thus, the mean difference was -46 micrograms Fe/g dry weight (confidence interval, -631 to 540)., CONCLUSION: Because hepatic iron quantification is the definitive means of assessing total body iron stores, our results suggest that NIDDM is typically not associated with a substantial level of iron overload.
Extraordinary prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and bimodal plasma glucose distribution in the Wanigela people of Papua New Guinea.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the current prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in Melanesians of three coastal Papua New Guinean communities, to relate this to previous studies, and to investigate plasma glucose distributions in these populations., DESIGN: Cross-sectional survey, using 75 g oral glucose tolerance tests and World Health Organization criteria., SETTING: Rural Papuan villages of Wanigela and Kalo, and Wanigela people of the urban squatter settlement of Koki, Port Moresby., SUBJECTS: All adults aged 25 years or more living in the three communities were eligible, with response rates of 77.2% (Koki), 88.1% (Wanigela) and 72.5% (Kalo)., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Prevalence of abnormal glucose tolerance, risk factor levels, fasting and two-hour plasma glucose concentration., RESULTS: Age-standardised prevalence of NIDDM in Koki Wanigelas was 27.5% in men and 33.0% in women; an additional 20.5% of men and 22.0% of women had IGT. Even in the youngest age group (25-34 years), 36.5% of subjects had abnormal glucose tolerance. The overall prevalences of NIDDM and IGT in rural Wanigelas were 11.7% and 17.0% respectively. In Kalo both were uncommon. The prevalences of IGT and NIDDM in Koki had doubled over a 14-year period. The age-standardised prevalence of abnormal glucose tolerance in the Koki Wanigelas is the second highest in the world after the Arizona Pima Indians, and higher than in Micronesian Nauruans, even though the latter are more obese. Both fasting and two-hour glucose concentrations in all age groups in Koki were clearly bimodal, a mixture of two log-normal distributions., CONCLUSIONS: The Wanigela people of Papua New Guinea have an extra-ordinary susceptibility to glucose intolerance which is exposed after adoption of modern lifestyle habits. A "founder effect" may explain the high frequency of a diabetogenic genotype in this population.
Insulin treatment improves relative hypersecretion of amylin to insulin in rats with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus induced by neonatal streptozocin injection.; The dissociated release of insulin and amylin in the hyperglycemic state has been reported. This relative hypersecretion of amylin is thought to provide an important insight into how amylin aggregates to form islet amyloid deposits in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The aim of the present study was to characterize the alterations of amylin hypersecretion in NIDDM with exacerbation or amelioration of diabetic control. For this purpose, neonatally streptozocin (nSTZ) diabetic rats were treated with dexamethasone (0.25 mg/kg) or Lente insulin (3 to 5 U/kg) daily for 14 days, and responses of amylin and insulin to 16.7 mmol/L glucose or 10 mmol/L arginine were evaluated in vitro using an isolated perfused pancreas system. nSTZ rats exhibited moderate elevations of plasma glucose compared with normal rats. In the isolated perfused pancreas, the molar ratio of secreted amylin to insulin in response to 16.7 mmol/L glucose by nSTZ pancreas (1.8% +/- 0.2%) was significantly greater than that of normal rat pancreas (1.2% +/- 0.1%). Plasma glucose levels in nSTZ rats (7.3 +/- 0.4 mmol/L) increased with dexamethasone treatment (17.8 +/- 1.1 mmol/L, P < .005) and decreased with insulin treatment (5.8 +/- 0.4 mmol/L, P < .05). The secreted amylin to insulin ratio in dexamethasone-treated nSTZ rats was significantly greater than that of the controls (P < .05). Moreover, insulin-treated nSTZ rats exhibited decreased amylin to insulin molar ratios compared with saline-treated nSTZ rats (P < .05), which had the same levels as normal rats.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Increased epinephrine and skeletal muscle responses to hypoglycemia in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We evaluated skeletal muscle counterregulation during hypoglycemia in nine subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) (HbA1c 9.4 +/- 0.5%, nl < 6.2%) compared with six normal controls, matched for age (51 +/- 3 and 49 +/- 5 yr, respectively) and body mass index (27.3 +/- 1.2 and 27.0 +/- 2.1 kg/m2). After 60 min of euglycemia (plasma insulin approximately 140 microU/ml), plasma glucose was lowered to 62 +/- 2 mg/dl by 120 min. Hypoglycemia induced a 2.2-fold greater increase in plasma epinephrine in NIDDM (P < 0.001), while the plasma glucagon response was blunted (P < 0.01). Hepatic glucose output ([3H-3]glucose) suppressed similarly during euglycemia, but during hypoglycemia was greater in NIDDM (P < 0.005). Conversely, glucose uptake during euglycemia was 150% greater in controls (P < 0.01) and remained persistently higher than in NIDDM during hypoglycemia. In NIDDM, plasma FFA concentrations were approximately fivefold greater (P < 0.001), and plasma lactate levels were approximately 40% higher than in controls during hypoglycemia (P < 0.01); the rates of glycolysis from plasma glucose were similar in the two groups despite a 49% lower rate of glucose uptake in NIDDM (3.4 +/- 0.9 vs. 6.9 +/- 1.3 mg/kg per minute, P < 0.001). Muscle glycogen synthase activity fell by 42% with hypoglycemia (P < 0.01) in NIDDM but not in controls. In addition, glycogen phosphorylase was activated by 56% during hypoglycemia in NIDDM only (P < 0.01). Muscle glucose-6-phosphate concentrations rose during hypoglycemia by a twofold greater increment in NIDDM (P < 0.01). Thus, skeletal muscle participates in hypoglycemia counterregulation in NIDDM, directly by decreased removal of plasma glucose and, indirectly, by providing lactate for hepatic gluconeogenesis. Consequently, in addition to inherent insulin resistance in NIDDM, the enhanced plasma epinephrine response during hypoglycemia may partially offset impaired glucagon secretion and counteract the effects of hyperinsulinemia on liver, fat, and skeletal muscle.
Response to repeated phlebotomies in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Regardless of type, uncontrolled diabetes represents a serious disruption of fuel homeostasis with consequences throughout the body. This may hamper the applicability of predeposited autologous blood transfusion in diabetic patients because metabolic changes are expected as a consequence of repeated bleeding. We undertook this study to determine whether the presence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) influences the erythropoietin (EPO) response to repeated phlebotomies with respect to normal subjects. We included 22 consecutive patients scheduled for major surgery during a 2-year period in which clinical and metabolic complications were excluded and renal and liver function was considered unaffected. Selected biochemical and hematologic variables were serially measured during donation of several units of blood in a 12- to 29-day period. Bleeding produced a significant decrease in serum glucose, cholesterol, triglyceride, and apoprotein B concentration in diabetic patients. Except for glucose, this effect was not observed in controls. Both groups were comparable with respect to initial hemoglobin concentrations and all hematologic variables measured. The decrease in hemoglobin concentration did not produce clinical symptoms in these patients, and recovery was regarded as normal in both groups. Serum EPO levels in diabetic patients were negatively influenced by the initial hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) proportion. Moreover, three nonrespondent diabetic patients with poor glycemic control responded normally 6 to 13 months later, in a second operation, when glycemic control had improved significantly. In conclusion, NIDDM may limit the donation of requested units for major surgery only if poor glycemic control is present. When possible, phlebotomies should be delayed and metabolic control reinforced.
Insertion/deletion polymorphism of the angiotensin-converting enzyme gene is strongly associated with coronary heart disease in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is considered a model of premature atherosclerosis with a strong genetic component. We have investigated the role of angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE; EC 3.4.15.1) gene in 316 unrelated NIDDM individuals, 132 who had myocardial infarction or significant coronary stenoses and 184 with no history of coronary heart disease (CHD). A deletion-polymorphism in the ACE gene was recently reported to be associated with myocardial infarction especially in people classified as low risk. Here we report that the D allele of the ACE gene is a strong and independent risk factor for CHD in NIDDM patients. The D allele is associated with early-onset CHD in NIDDM, independently of hypertension and lipid values. A progressively increasing relative risk in individuals heterozygous and homozygous for the D allele was observed (odds ratios of 1.41 and 2.35, respectively; P < 0.007), suggesting a codominant effect on the cardiovascular risk. The percentage of CHD attributable to the ACE deletion allele was 24% in this NIDDM population. Identification of NIDDM patients carrying this putative CHD-susceptibility genotype would help early detection and treatment of CHD.
Lipids and Lp(a) lipoprotein levels and coronary artery disease in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether increased Lp(a) lipoprotein levels are associated with either non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or coronary artery disease (CAD) in patients with NIDDM and to examine the relationship between Lp(a) levels and glycemic control., DESIGN: We conducted a cross-sectional study of subjects with NIDDM who were participants in the Rochester Diabetic Neuropathy Study and healthy control subjects from the population of Rochester, Minnesota., MATERIAL AND METHODS: Lipids and Lp(a) lipoprotein levels were compared in 227 subjects with NIDDM and 163 control subjects and, among the subjects with NIDDM, in those with (N = 96) and without (N = 131) CAD. The correlation between Lp(a) levels and glycosylated hemoglobin was investigated., RESULTS: Subjects with NIDDM had higher triglyceride and lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels than did control subjects. Subjects with NIDDM and CAD had higher total cholesterol, triglyceride, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels than did subjects with NIDDM without CAD. Subjects with NIDDM had significantly higher Lp(a) levels than did control subjects, but subjects with NIDDM and CAD did not have significantly higher Lp(a) levels than did those without CAD. Among subjects with NIDDM, the level of Lp(a) was not significantly correlated with glycosylated hemoglobin., CONCLUSION: Although subjects with NIDDM have higher Lp(a) levels than do control subjects, Lp(a) does not seem to be associated with CAD in subjects with NIDDM. In this study, no association was found between Lp(a) level and glycemic control.
The relationship between early diabetic nephropathy and control of plasma glucose in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. The effect of glycemic control on the development and progression of diabetic nephropathy in an 8-year follow-up study.; To clarify the relationship between early diabetic nephropathy and the glycemic control in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) without hypertension, excretion of urinary albumin was studied retrospectively for 8 years. The patients with early diabetic nephropathy were divided into two groups according to the initial urinary albumin index (UAI: mg/g.creatinine), namely, a normoalbuminuric (less than 15 mg/g.creatinine) and a microalbuminuric group (15 < or = UAI < 200 mg/g.creatinine). Comparisons of changes in UAI were made between good (HbA1 < 9.0% and fasting plasma glucose (FPG) < 140 mg/100 mL throughout the observation period) and poor glycemic control groups after 4 and 8 years. In the patients with normoalbuminuria at the initial determination, five of 11 patients (45.5%) with good glycemic control and 14 of 22 patients (63.6%) with poor glycemic control became microalbuminuric after 8 years, respectively (p < 0.05). In the microalbuminuric patients, five of ten patients (50%) with poor glycemic control became macroalbuminuric (UAI > or = 200 mg/g.creatinine), although only one case worsened of five patients with good glycemic control (p < 0.05). In conclusion, the development or progression of early diabetic nephropathy in NIDDM was significantly inhibited by good glycemic control (FPG < 140 mg/100 mL and HbA1 < 9.0%), independent of hypertension, and probably irrespective of the mode of therapeutic intervention.
The VMH-dietary obese rat: a new model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; A model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has been developed in adult rats by combining bilateral electrolytic lesions of the ventromedial hypothalamus (VMH) and high fat-high sucrose diets. VMH-dietary obese rats showed fasting hyperinsulinemia (> or = 540 pM) and hypertriglyceridemia (> or = 180 mg/dl) generally within 3 wk on the protocol. Fasting hyperglycemia (> or = 10 mM) was observed in the majority of animals in seven consecutive experiments. Hyperglycemic animals showed impaired glucose tolerance despite high prevailing insulin levels. Pancreatic islets isolated from VMH-dietary obese rats showed a loss of insulin secretory response to glucose by week 5, before the onset of hyperglycemia. Islets from hyperglycemic rats no longer responded to an increase in glucose concentration and failed to suppress insulin release normally in response to 15 nM norepinephrine or to a decrease in glucose concentration. This model mimics the major characteristics of obesity-associated human NIDDM as well as several stages of its progression, rendering it useful for studying the etiology of the metabolic and secretory defects in the syndrome.
Determinants of insulin sensitivity and consequences for lipoproteins and blood pressure in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The aim of the present study was to investigate the possible determinants of insulin sensitivity and the relationships of these determinants and insulin sensitivity to lipoprotein levels and blood pressure in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We studied 46 patients with NIDDM (26 women, 20 men) treated either with diet alone or in combination with sulfonylureas. Insulin sensitivity was assessed as the insulin-mediated glucose uptake rate (M value) with the hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp technique. In a multiple regression model, only percent body fat, waist to hip ratio (WHR), and resting energy expenditure (REE) emerged as significant independent determinants of the M value, with a multiple R2 for the model of 44%, whereas age, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) level, thyroid function, fitness level, smoking status, alcohol consumption, and dietary habits did not contribute significantly. The M value was independently and negatively associated with the concentrations of triglyceride (TG) and very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol and positively associated with high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol subfractions and apolipoprotein A1. In our predominantly normotensive subjects, we found no association between the M value and blood pressure. Moreover, fasting insulin contributed directly, ie, independent of the M value, to the variation of TG, but not to the other lipoproteins and not to blood pressure. The results suggest that in NIDDM (1) insulin sensitivity is determined mainly by percentage body fat and REE, (2) the insulin level determines the TG level directly, whereas the lipoproteins are influenced indirectly as a reflection of the degree of insulin resistance, and (3) insulin sensitivity is not related to blood pressure in a normotensive population.
Insulin production following intravenous glucose, arginine, and valine: different pattern in patients with impaired glucose tolerance and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To better understand abnormal insulin production (IP) in states of carbohydrate intolerance, insulin release was quantified following equimolar (2.4 mmol/kg) infusions of glucose, arginine, and valine in healthy subjects ([HS] age, 45 +/- 3 years; body mass index [BMI, kg/m2], 26.3 +/- 2.4; means +/- SEM), obese subjects with impaired glucose tolerance ([IGT] age, 43 +/- 5 years; BMI, 35.4 +/- 2.4), and non-obese patients with chronic non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus ([NIDDM] age, 55 +/- 3 years; BMI, 26.4 +/- 1.4; duration of disease, 13 +/- 3 years). There were eight subjects per group. Incremental IP (metabolic clearance rate of C-peptide [MCRCP] x total incremental area under the curve of plasma C-peptide [AUCCP], pmol/kg) following substrate infusion was as follows: glucose: HS, 227 +/- 14; IGT, 1,050 +/- 184 (P < .001 v HS); NIDDM, 114 +/- 27 (P < .001 v HS); arginine: HS, 139 +/- 23; IGT, 488 +/- 106 (P < .01 v HS); NIDDM, 206 +/- 47; and valine: HS, 21 +/- 7; IGT, 32 +/- 10; NIDDM, 54 +/- 12 (P < .01 v HS). The fractional clearance rate ([FCR] k, %/min) was impaired in IGT and NIDDM for glucose (HS, 3.9 +/- 0.4; IGT, 2.3 +/- 0.3 [P < .01 v HS]; NIDDM, 1.4 +/- 0.1 [P < .001 v HS]), arginine (2.4 +/- 0.1; 1.9 +/- 0.2 [P < .01 v HS]; 1.9 +/- 0.2 [P < .01 v HS]), and valine (0.95 +/- 0.06; 0.65 +/- 0.09 [P < .05 v HS]; 0.74 +/- 0.1 [P < .05 v HS]). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Control of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus partially normalizes the increase in hepatic efficacy for urea synthesis.; The relation of urea synthesis rate to blood alanine concentration was assessed in seven healthy controls and eight patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) before (hemoglobin A1c [HbA1c] = 9.9% +/- 1.9%, mean +/- SD) and after (HbA1c = 7.9% +/- 0.8%) improvement of metabolic control. Following an overnight fast, alanine was infused at a rate of 2 mmol/(h.kg body weight [BW]). The hourly rate of urea synthesis was determined as the urinary excretion of urea corrected for accumulation of urea in total body water (TBW) and intestinal hydrolysis. The functional hepatic nitrogen clearance (FHNC) was calculated as the slope of the linear relation of urea synthesis rate to blood alanine concentration. The glucagon level was increased by twofold at the first investigation, but was not increased at the second. The insulin level was moderately increased at both investigations. In controls FHNC was 21.8 +/- 4.4 L/h, in poorly controlled patients it was increased to 36.6 +/- 4.3 L/h (P < .01), and following improvement of metabolic control it was not different from control levels at 28.6 +/- 4.3 L/h. By correlation analyses, FHNC was found only to be related to the fasting glucose value, albeit weakly (R2 = .39). In conclusion, hepatic kinetics of urea synthesis in poorly controlled NIDDM patients are changed in favor of increased conversion of alanine N to urea N at any amino acid concentration. This perturbation is partially normalized by improved metabolic control.
Abnormal metabolism of postprandial lipoproteins in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is not related to coronary artery disease.; To investigate whether abnormalities in alimentary lipemia explain the increased risk of coronary artery disease (CAD) in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we performed an oral vitamin A fat-load test in four groups of men (each n = 15): 1) NIDDM and angiographically verified CAD (DM+CAD+): 2) CAD but no diabetes (DM-CAD+); 3) NIDDM but no CAD, excluded by an exercise thallium scan (DM+CAD-); and 4) healthy control subjects (DM-CAD-). The groups were matched for age and body mass index. Plasma obtained after an overnight fast and 2, 3, 4, 6, 9, 12, and 24 h after a fatty meal (78 g fat, 345,000 IU retinyl palmitate [RP]) was separated by density gradient ultracentrifugation into six fractions of triglyceride (TG)-rich lipoproteins: Svedberg flotation units (Sf) > 3200, Sf 1100-3200, Sf 400-1100, Sf 60-400, Sf 20-60, and Sf 12-20. TG, RP, and cholesterol concentrations were measured in plasma and in each lipoprotein fraction. Postprandial plasma TG responses were significantly larger in both NIDDM groups than in the healthy control group. The most marked differences were observed in the Sf 60-400 lipoproteins, whether measured as TG or RP responses. However, there were no differences between the DM+CAD+ and DM+CAD- groups. The between-group differences in alimentary lipemia were only partially explained by fasting TG levels. In contrast to the healthy subjects, no significant negative correlation was observed in the NIDDM patients between alimentary lipemia and lipoprotein lipase activity, implying an abnormality of the lipolysis of TG-rich particles in NIDDM. Levels of atherogenic postprandial remnant lipoproteins are increased in NIDDM. However, in this study the magnitude of alimentary lipemia did not distinguish NIDDM patients with CAD from those without CAD symptoms and normal exercise thallium scans.
Transgenic mice overexpressing phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase develop non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; An increase in hepatic gluconeogenesis is believed to be an important factor responsible for the fasting hyperglycemia detected in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (GTP) (PEPCK; EC 4.1.1.32) is a regulatory enzyme of gluconeogenesis. To study the role of the expression of PEPCK gene in the development of NIDDM, we have produced lines of transgenic mice expressing a PEPCK minigene under control of its own promoter. Transgenic mice were hyperglycemic and had higher serum insulin concentrations. In addition, alterations in liver glycogen content and muscle glucose transporter GLUT-4 gene expression were detected. The overexpression of the PEPCK gene led to an increase in glucose production from pyruvate in hepatocytes in primary culture. When intraperitoneal glucose tolerance tests were performed, blood glucose levels were higher than those detected in normal mice. This animal model shows that primary alterations in the rate of liver glucose production may induce insulin resistance and NIDDM.
Increased glucose effectiveness in normoglycemic but insulin-resistant relatives of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. A novel compensatory mechanism.; 20 normoglycemic first degree relatives of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients were compared with 20 matched subjects without any family history of diabetes using the intravenous glucose tolerance test with minimal model analysis of glucose disappearance and insulin kinetics. Intravenous glucose tolerance index (Kg) was similar in both groups (1.60 +/- 0.14 vs 1.59 +/- 0.18, x 10(-2) min-1, NS). However, insulin sensitivity (Si) was reduced (3.49 +/- 0.43 vs 4.80 +/- 0.61, x 10(-4) min-1 per mU/liter, P = 0.05), whereas glucose effectiveness (Sg) was increased (1.93 +/- 0.14 vs 1.52 +/- 0.16, x 10(-2) min-1, P < 0.05) in the relatives. Despite insulin resistance neither fasting plasma insulin concentration (7.63 +/- 0.48 vs 6.88 +/- 0.45, mU/liter, NS) nor first phase insulin responsiveness (Phi1) (3.56 +/- 0.53 vs 4.13 +/- 0.62, mU/liter min-1 per mg/dl, NS) were increased in the relatives. Phi1 was reduced for the degree of insulin resistance in the relatives so that the Phi1 x Si index was lower in the relatives (11.5 +/- 2.2 vs 16.7 +/- 2.0, x 10(-4) min-2 per mg/dl, P < 0.05). Importantly, glucose effectiveness correlated with Kg and with basal glucose oxidation but not with total glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) content in a basal muscle biopsy. In conclusion we confirm the presence of insulin resistance in first degree relatives of NIDDM patients. However, insulin secretion was altered and reduced for the degree of insulin resistance in the relatives, whereas glucose effectiveness was increased. We hypothesize that increased glucose effectiveness maintains glucose tolerance within normal limits in these "normoinsulinemic" relatives of NIDDM patients.
Myocardial infarct size and mortality in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: To study the infarct size and mortality in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and in non-diabetic subjects with their first acute myocardial infarction., DESIGN: Seven year follow-up study of large representative cohorts of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and non-diabetic subjects (study 1) and the FINMONICA acute myocardial infarction register study in 1988-89 (study 2)., SETTING: Populations of the districts of the Kuopio University Hospital and Turku University Central Hospital (study 1). Populations of Kuopio and North Karelia provinces and Turku/Loimaa area (study 2)., SUBJECTS: Study 1: 1059 patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and 1373 non-diabetic subjects aged 45-64 years at baseline; during the follow-up 166 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (91 men and 75 women) and 30 non-diabetic subjects (25 men and five women) were hospitalized for their first acute myocardial infarction. Study 2: 1622 patients aged 25-64 years hospitalized for their first acute myocardial infarction; 144 patients (90 men and 54 women) had non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and 1153 (890 men and 263 women) were non-diabetic., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The infarct size was assessed on the basis of maximum levels of serum cardiac enzymes (studies 1 and 2) and QRS-score (study 1)., RESULTS: No differences were found in maximum levels of serum cardiac enzymes between diabetic and non-diabetic patients. Similarly QRS-score gave no suggestion of a difference in infarct size between diabetic and non-diabetic patients. In both studies mortality before hospital admission was similar in diabetic and non-diabetic patients, but mortality within 28 days from hospital admission was twice as high in diabetic patients as in non-diabetic patients. Cardiac failure was the main cause of death significantly more often in diabetic patients than in non-diabetic patients (study 2)., CONCLUSIONS: Poorer prognosis of acute myocardial infarction in diabetic patients appears not to be explained by a larger infarct size but probably by adverse effects of the diabetic state itself on myocardial function.
Human sciatic nerve phospholipid profiles from non-diabetes mellitus, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus individuals. A 31P NMR spectroscopy study.; 1. Human sciatic nerve phospholipids obtained from non-diabetes mellitus (NDM), non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) patients, after lower extremity amputation, were studied by 31P NMR spectrometry. 2. Nine phospholipids resonances in NDM and NIDDM groups were identified as followed: Ethanolamine plasmalogen (Eplas, Chemical shift = 0.07 delta); phosphatidylethanolamine (PE, 0.03 delta); phosphatidylserine (PS, -0.05 delta); sphingomyelin (SM, -0.09 delta); lysophosphatidylcholine (LPC, -0.28 delta); phosphatidylinositol (PI, -0.30 delta); alkylacylphosphorylcholine (A1.PC, -0.78 delta); phosphatidylcholine (PC -0.84 delta), and an unknown resonance (U, 0.13 delta). 3. In the IDDM group a resonance of lysophosphatidylinositol (LPI, 0.01 delta) was detected in addition to the nine phospholipids listed above. 4. IDDM showed that PI and A1.PC were elevated and U was lower when compared with NDM; also, Eplas was lower when compared with NIDDM. PC was elevated and PS was lower when compared with both NDM and NIDDM. 5. Indices calculated from this data, showed that the choline ratio and choline/ethanolamine ratio were elevated; while ethanolamine ratio, and myelin ratio were lower in IDDM group, when compared with both NDM and NIDDM groups. 6. Inactivation of the cholineacethyltransferase enzyme (ChAT) and enhancement of the phospholipidmethyltransferase enzyme (PLMT), secondary to an insulin deficiency, are proposed as an interpretation of these findings.
Changes in glucose, insulin, lipid, lipoprotein, and apoprotein concentrations and insulin action in doxazosin-treated patients with hypertension. Comparison between nondiabetic individuals and patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Thirty patients with hypertension were enrolled in this study, 13 had non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 17 were nondiabetic. Patients were treated with doxazosin for approximately 4 months, and blood pressure fell significantly (P < .001) in both nondiabetics (149/96 to 134/85 mm Hg) and in those with NIDDM (154/96 to 143/84 mm Hg). In the nondiabetic group, doxazosin treatment was associated with significant improvement in insulin-mediated glucose disposal (P < .05) and lower plasma insulin (P < .001), and triglyceride (P < .001) concentrations measured at hourly intervals from 8 AM to 4 PM (breakfast at 8 AM and lunch at noon). In addition, fasting total plasma (P < .001) and VLDL cholesterol (P < .01), and total plasma (P < .05), VLDL (P < .08), LDL (P < .01), HDL (P < .01) triglyceride concentrations were lower following doxazosin treatments in the nondiabetic group, as was the ratio of total to HDL cholesterol (P < .001). Finally, apoprotein B concentrations fell with doxazosin in the nondiabetic group (P < .01). Significant changes seen in the group with NIDDM included a decrease in the ratio of total to HDL cholesterol (P < .001) and a fall in apoprotein B concentration (P < .05). However, values for all other variables did not change significantly with treatment in this group. Thus, doxazosin treatment of nondiabetic subjects with high blood pressure was associated with a series of changes in glucose, insulin, and lipoprotein metabolism that should decrease risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) in these individuals.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: diagnostic and therapeutic challenges in the severely burned patient--a case report.; The purpose of this paper is to describe the management of a previously undiagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetic patient with a severe burn injury. The hyperglycaemia and glucose intolerance following burn injury was complicated by the hyperglycaemia of diabetes mellitus. Intravenous insulin infusion monitored by hourly glucose levels was required to manage this hyperglycaemia. During day 11 postburn injury, this patient required 2104 units of insulin to control his hyperglycaemia. Aggressive detection and management of infections complemented by early debridement and coverage of the burn wound were other important considerations in the management of this patient. The diagnosis of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) was made after the patient recovered from his burn injury. His rehabilitation programme has included primary prevention strategies for NIDDM that focus on health-improving behaviours such as improved diet, exercise, and weight control.
Molecular scanning of the glycogen synthase and insulin receptor substrate-1 genes in Japanese subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We studied a simple tandem repeat DNA polymorphism in the glycogen synthase gene and polymorphisms at codon 513 (Ala-->Pro) and 972 (Gly-->Arg) in the insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1) gene in 197 non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 178 control subjects in Japan. Eight alleles (-3G, -2G, -1G, 0G, 1G, 2G, 3G, and 4G) were identified in the tandem repeat polymorphism in the glycogen synthase gene. No difference in the frequencies of these alleles was found between diabetics and controls. The codon 972 polymorphism of IRS-1 gene was observed in 7 diabetics (3.6%) and 8 controls (4.5%), whereas the codon 513 polymorphism was not found in either of the two groups. We conclude that the tandem repeat polymorphism in the glycogen synthase gene and the polymorphisms at codons 513 and 972 of the IRS-1 gene are not associated with a higher risk for the development of NIDDM in Japanese subjects.
Perifoveal microcirculation with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Fluorescein angiograms were performed to evaluate perifoveal capillary blood velocities (v), capillary density (perifoveal intercapillary areas: PIA) and the foveal avascular zone (FAZ) by means of the scanning laser technique (SLO-101 Rodenstock). The angiograms were digitally stored and the data quantified off-line with an image analyzing system (IBAS). In the present study 46 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were examined and their data compared with that of 31 healthy volunteers. The perifoveal capillary flow velocity of the NIDDM subjects (v = 2.33 +/- 0.36 mm/s) was significantly (P < 0.01) decreased as compared to healthy subjects (v = 2.86 +/- 0.41 mm/s). The perifoveal intercapillary areas in the foveal avascular zone were significantly increased in patients with NIDDM (PIA = 10029 +/- 3402 microns2; FAZ = 0.415 +/- 0.272 mm2) as compared with healthy subjects (PIA = 3965 +/- 467 microns2; FAZ = 0.221 +/- 0.071 mm2). These data suggest the possibility that a decrease in perifoveal capillary blood velocities in combination with decreased capillary density (enlarged PIA) and an enlargement of the foveal avascular zone may occur in patients with NIDDM. The determination of these parameters could help in monitoring the progress of diabetic retinopathy and diabetic maculopathy.
Lipid composition of platelets in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: studies before and after treatment of diabetes.; The study was designed to investigate whether impaired composition of platelet lipids in untreated diabetic patients improved after diabetic treatment. Fourteen untreated patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 15 healthy control subjects were studied. In the diabetic patients, the ratio of free cholesterol to phospholipid (FC/PL) in platelets of 0.33 +/- 0.02 (mean +/- SEM) at pre-treatment, which was statistically (p < 0.05) higher than that of 0.26 +/- 0.02 in control subjects, was significantly decreased to the value of 0.29 +/- 0.02 (p < 0.01) after insulin therapy. Platelet FC level of 9.77 +/- 0.77 micrograms 10(-8) cells pre-treatment was significantly (p < 0.01) reduced to the value of 7.72 +/- 0.38 micrograms 10(-8) cells post-treatment. Platelet PL level showed no significant changes after the treatment. There was a significantly (p < 0.01) positive correlation between the decrease in FC/PL of platelets and that in haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) after treatment for diabetes (rs = -0.729). These results indicate that the impaired lipid composition in platelets can be improved after an adequate glycaemic control in patients with NIDDM.
Osteopenia associated with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: what are the causes?.; This study investigated whether alterations in bone mineral content (BMC) and/or in the phosphate-calcium metabolism exist in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM); whether they are linked to glycaemic control and whether antidiabetic therapy--oral agents or insulin--influences BMC and mineral metabolism. A cross-section assessment compared BMC and mineral metabolism in 60 well-controlled and 50 poorly controlled diabetic patients under oral hypoglycaemic therapy with 50 healthy controls. A longitudinal assessment improved the high glucose levels of the poorly controlled diabetic group either by increasing oral treatment or by adding a bedtime NPH insulin. Glycaemic control, BMC and mineral metabolism were followed-up for 1 year. In NIDDM patients BMC is reduced. This reduction is more marked in poorly controlled diabetic patients. In well-controlled diabetes osteocalcin levels are low. In poorly controlled patients glycosuria, hypercalcuria and parathyroid hyperactivity are present. In both groups vitamins 25(OH)-D, 1,25(OH)2-D and calcitonin levels are normal. Improving metabolic control increased BMC, normalized urinary calcium excretion and parathyroid activity and reduced osteocalcin levels. The type of anti-diabetic therapy does not have any significant effect upon BMC or upon phosphate-calcium metabolism. In conclusion, in NIDDM a hard-to-define osteoblast deficit appears to exist. In poorly controlled diabetes the loss of BMC is aggravated by the negative calcium balance caused by the renal calcium leak. This is due to glucosuric-induced osmotic diuresis and is maintained by parathyroid activation.
Does exogenous hypermagnesaemia inhibit insulin secretion in patients with impaired glucose tolerance or non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus?.; Acute exogenous hypermagnesaemia in healthy subjects retards glucose assimilation (Kg) and inhibits B cell function. The glycoregulatory effect of hypermagnesaemia was investigated in the course of the intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) in 16 subjects, incl. eight with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and eight with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Hypermagnesaemia was induced by intravenous infusion of 6 g MgSO4. The secretory response of insulin (IRI) and C-peptide were expressed as the incremental area (IA of S-IRI and IA of S-C-peptide). The results were compared with control IVGTT following infusion of saline. Hypermagnesaemia did not affect glucose assimilation in subjects with IGT as compared with control values nor in subjects with NIDDM. Hypermagnesaemia did not change IA of S-IRI nor of S-C-peptide in IGT as compared with control values (IA of S-IRI were 4308 +/- 1126 vs 3309 +/- 610 microU/ml x min and IA of S-C-peptide 191 +/- 43 vs 177 +/- 46 ng/ml x min) (means +/- SEM). In NIDDM there was no significant difference between the response of C-peptide during hypermagnesaemia and the response during control IVGTT (IA were 72 +/- 20 ng/ml x min vs 73.5 +/- 22.4 ng/ml x min). As no significant insulin response to glucose was obtained after saline or magnesium in NIDDM, the effect of hypermagnesaemia was not possible to evaluate. In conclusion, no significant decline of glucose assimilation and B-cell function in IGT and NIDDM can be proved in the course of exogenous hypermagnesaemia.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Impaired postprandial glucose utilization in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The importance of impaired glucose utilization in the pathogenesis of postprandial hyperglycemia in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is controversial. Three methods were used to assess glucose utilization following ingestion of a mixed meal in 18 NIDDM and 12 nondiabetic subjects. Dual glucose isotopes were used to determine first-pass splanchnic glucose uptake, suppression of endogenous glucose production, and systemic glucose utilization. Leg balance was used to evaluate skeletal muscle glucose metabolism, and systemic and limb indirect calorimetry were used to assess glucose and lipid oxidation. NIDDM subjects had marked postprandial hyperglycemia as compared with nondiabetics (15.35 +/- 0.72 v 5.83 +/- 0.28 mmol, P < .001), accompanied by lower postprandial insulin (179 +/- 25 v 253 +/- 46 pmol, P < .01) and elevated plasma free fatty acids ([FFA] 569 +/- 34 v 314 +/- 20 mumol/L, P < .001). Cumulative postprandial glucose appearance was nearly twofold greater in NIDDM (82.2 +/- 4.7 v 48.7 +/- 4.9 g.5h, P < .001) due to increased endogenous glucose production (56.4 +/- 4.8 v 24.5 +/- 1.9 g, P < .001), whereas first-pass splanchnic uptake of ingested glucose was normal in NIDDM. Cumulative postprandial glucose utilization in NIDDM, after correction for urinary glucose, was unchanged from postabsorptive rates, a pattern also found for postprandial glucose oxidation. Cumulative leg glucose uptake was somewhat less in NIDDM subjects (123 +/- 18 v 173 +/- 14 mumol/100 mL leg tissue.5 h, P = .06), whereas lactate and alanine net release across the leg were nevertheless twofold greater in NIDDM (P = .04) and accounted for nearly half of the leg glucose metabolism in NIDDM.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Joseph Larner's personal odyssey: search for the cause and cure of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Over the last five decades, Joseph Larner has tirelessly pursued scientific studies of the mechanism of insulin action, which are now providing new insight into the cause, diagnosis, and cure of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Larner demonstrated that D-chiro-inositol (D-CI) is virtually absent in the urine of patients with NIDDM. Consequently, he suggested that the insulin resistance seen in such patients is related to the absence of one of the mediators of insulin action containing D-CI. Moreover, Larner demonstrated that this D-CI deficiency and insulin resistance could be corrected by the administration of D-CI to experimental diabetic and insulin-resistant animals. From this pioneering research, the potential for therapy using D-CI in NIDDM is evident and must be evaluated expeditiously.
Impaired free fatty acid utilization by skeletal muscle in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; This study was undertaken to assess utilization of FFA by skeletal muscle in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). 11 NIDDM and 9 nondiabetic subjects were studied using leg balance methods to measure the fractional extraction of [3H]oleate. Limb indirect calorimetry was used to estimate RQ. Percutaneous muscle biopsy samples of vastus lateralis were analyzed for muscle fiber type distribution, capillary density, and metabolic potential as reflected by measurements of the activity of seven muscle enzyme markers of glycolytic and aerobic-oxidative pathways. During postabsorptive conditions, fractional extraction of oleate across the leg was lower in NIDDM subjects (0.31 +/- 0.08 vs. 0.43 +/- 0.10, P < 0.01), and there was reduced oleate uptake across the leg (66 +/- 8 vs. 82 +/- 13 nmol/min, P < 0.01). Postabsorptive leg RQ was increased in NIDDM (0.85 +/- 0.03 vs. 0.77 +/- 0.02, P < 0.01), and rates of lipid oxidation by skeletal muscle were lower while glucose oxidation was increased (P < 0.05). In subjects with NIDDM, proportions of type I, IIa, and IIb fibers were 37 +/- 2, 37 +/- 6, and 26 +/- 5%, respectively, which did not differ from nondiabetics; and capillary density, glycolytic, and aerobic-oxidative potentials were similar. During 6 h after ingestion of a mixed meal, arterial FFA remained greater in NIDDM subjects. Therefore, despite persistent reduced fractional extraction of oleate across the leg in NIDDM (0.34 +/- 0.04 vs. 0.38 +/- 0.03, P < 0.05), rates of oleate uptake across the leg were greater in NIDDM (54 +/- 7 vs. 45 +/- 8 nmol/min, P < 0.01). In summary, during postabsorptive conditions there is reduced utilization of FFA by muscle, while during postprandial conditions there is impaired suppression of FFA uptake across the leg in NIDDM. During both fasting and postprandial conditions, NIDDM subjects have reduced rates of lipid oxidation by muscle.
Risk factors for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus requiring treatment in the elderly.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship of possible modifiable risk factors, including obesity, physical activity level, alcohol consumption, blood pressure, and thiazide diuretic use with the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) requiring treatment among a large cohort of community-dwelling elderly., SETTING: The East Boston Senior Health Project, one of four components of the National Institute on Aging-sponsored Established Populations for the Epidemiologic Study of the Elderly (EPESE)., PARTICIPANTS: Residents of East Boston who were 65 years of age or older., MEASUREMENTS: We performed a prospective cohort study with follow-up over two consecutive 3-year time periods beginning in 1982-1983. The main outcome measure was the occurrence of NIDDM, defined as new treatment with a hypoglycemic agent. A total of 2737 study participants contributed 4682 3-year intervals for analysis., MAIN RESULTS: NIDDM requiring hypoglycemic therapy occurred in 185 participants over the duration of the study. High body mass index (> 26 kg/m2) (adjusted odds ratio 2.4, 95% confidence interval 1.3-4.4) and low physical activity level (adjusted odds ratio 1.5, 95% confidence interval 1.0-2.1) were significant predictors of NIDDM in a multiple logistic regression model adjusting for age, sex, blood pressure, and self-report of "high blood sugar" moderate alcohol consumption (0.5-<1 ounce per day) had an inverse relation to NIDDM of borderline significance (adjusted odds ratio 0.4, 95% confidence interval 0.2-1.0). Those receiving one or more non-thiazide antihypertensive agents had a higher risk of developing NIDDM in a model including age, sex, body mass index, various antihypertensive regimens, physical activity level, alcohol consumption, blood pressure, and self-report of "high blood sugar." Thiazide diuretic therapy alone or in combination with another antihypertensive was not associated with NIDDM., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest a positive relationship of obesity and low physical activity level with the development of NIDDM requiring treatment in elderly persons. The inverse association of borderline significance between moderate alcohol use and NIDDM deserves further study. Thiazide diuretic therapy conferred no excess risk for developing NIDDM in this older population although selection factors in the choice of antihypertensive therapy may partially explain the absence of a thiazide effect.
Beta-cell lipotoxicity in the pathogenesis of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus of obese rats: impairment in adipocyte-beta-cell relationships.; Hyperinsulinemia, loss of glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (GSIS), and peripheral insulin resistance coexist in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Because free fatty acids (FFA) can induce these same abnormalities, we studied their role in the pathogenesis of the NIDDM of obese Zucker diabetic fatty (ZDF-drt) rats from 5 weeks of age (before the onset of hyperglycemia) until 14 weeks. Two weeks prior to hyperglycemia, plasma FFA began to rise progressively, averaging 1.9 +/- 0.06 mM at the onset of hyperglycemia (P < 0.001 vs. controls). At this time GSIS was absent and beta-cell GLUT-2 glucose transporter was decreased. The triacylglycerol content of prediabetic islets rose to 10 times that of controls and was correlated with plasma FFA (r = 0.825; P < 0.001), which, in turn, was correlated with the plasma glucose concentration (r = 0.873; P < 0.001). Reduction of hyperlipacidemia to 1.3 +/- 0.07 mM by pair feeding with lean littermates reduced all beta-cell abnormalities and prevented hyperglycemia. Normal rat islets that had been cultured for 7 days in medium containing 2 mM FFA exhibited increased basal insulin secretion at 3 mM glucose, and first-phase GSIS was reduced by 68%; in prediabetic islets, first-phase GSIS was reduced by 69% by FFA. The results suggest a role for hyperlipacidemia in the pathogenesis of NIDDM; resistance to insulin-mediated antilipolysis is invoked to explain the high FFA despite hyperinsulinemia, and sensitivity of beta cells to hyperlipacedemia is invoked to explain the FFA-induced loss of GSIS.
The effect of acute hyperinsulinemia on plasma cholesteryl ester transfer protein activity in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and healthy subjects.; The effect of acute hyperinsulinemia on plasma cholesteryl ester (CE) transfer protein (CETP) activity was determined in 11 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 10 healthy subjects. Plasma CETP activity was reduced significantly in NIDDM patients (-37 +/- 59 nmol/mL/h, P < .05) but not in healthy subjects (-7 +/- 37 nmol/mL/h) during insulin infusion. Saline infusion did not alter plasma CETP activity significantly. The change in plasma CETP activity was correlated significantly with the baseline plasma triglyceride (TG) concentration (r = -.523, n = 21, P = .01) and marginally with the concomitant decrease in these levels with acute hyperinsulinemia (r = .413, n = 21, P = .06) in NIDDM patients and healthy subjects combined. These data indicate that acute hyperinsulinemia reduces plasma CETP activity and probably plasma CETP concentration in NIDDM patients, and suggest coordinated regulation of CETP levels and TG metabolism by insulin.
The relationship between glycemic control and health-related quality of life in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The relationship between glycemic control and health-related quality of life was examined in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Within the context of a randomized controlled trial, 275 patients with NIDDM receiving primary care from a Veteran's Administration general medical clinic were enrolled and monitored for 1 year. Glycemic control (glycosylated hemoglobin levels) and health-related quality of life (Medical Outcomes Study Short-Form 36-item Health Survey [SF-36]) were assessed at baseline and at 1 year. Multivariate regression modeling using baseline and change scores during a 1-year period did not find a linear or curvilinear relationship between glycosylated hemoglobin and SF-36 scores (P = .15); this was true even after controlling for five covariates identified a priori (insulin use, number of diabetic complications, duration of diabetes, education, number of hyper-, or hypoglycemic episodes during the preceding month). Health services researchers and clinicians alike need to be aware that these two important outcomes may not be directly related. This lack of association could contribute to the high noncompliance rates observed among patients prescribed complex diabetic regimens. Unless patients perceive a benefit from following such regimens, good glycemic control may continue to be an elusive therapeutic goal, especially in patients with long-standing disease.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 activity and lipoprotein(a) in nephropathic patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus versus patients with nondiabetic nephropathy.; Increased plasma activity of plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 (PAI-1) is considered as a risk factor for thrombosis associated with atherosclerosis by reduction of fibrinolysis. Since nephropathic patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are a cardiovascular high-risk group, which has yielded only controversial results as to the regulation of PAI-1, we compared 19 overt nephropathic NIDDM patients (mean age 63 years, serum creatinine 1.9 mg/dl, proteinuria 4.2 g/day) to 17 nondiabetic nephropathic patients with various causes of renal insufficiency (mean age 63 years, serum creatinine 2.8 mg/dl, proteinuria 3.9 g/day). We found normal PAI-1 levels for patients with diabetic nephropathy and significantly elevated PAI-1 levels within the upper normal range for nondiabetic nephropathic patients. Common risk factors in both groups were very high levels of fibrinogen, lipoprotein(a), serum cholesterol, and LDL cholesterol.
Hormonal changes in elderly men with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and the hormonal relationships to abdominal adiposity.; To elucidate the hormonal changes in elderly men with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and the hormonal relationship to abdominal adiposity, we measured serum insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), T3, T4, TSH, testosterone, LH, and FSH levels, body mass index (BMI), skinfold thickness and waist-to-hip circumference ratio (W/H) in 40 elderly men (aged over 60 years), 20 elderly men with NIDDM (aged over 60 years) and 30 men aged 21-40 years (controls). The results showed that elderly men with and without NIDDM had lower serum T3, testosterone and IGF-1 levels and higher serum LH and FSH levels compared with controls. Elderly men with NIDDM had even lower serum testosterone levels compared with elderly men without NIDDM. Elderly men had a higher W/H ratio compared with controls. Elderly men with NIDDM had a higher W/H ratio, BMI and skinfold thickness than elderly men without NIDDM. Age was positively correlated with the W/H ratio. Serum LH and FSH levels were positively correlated with the W/H ratio, and serum IGF-1, T3 and testosterone levels were negatively correlated with W/H ratio. Age, serum IGF-1, T3, T4, TSH, LH and FSH levels were not related to BMI or skinfold thickness. Only serum testosterone levels were negatively correlated with BMI or skinfold thickness. In conclusion, elderly men with NIDDM were associated with a marked decrease in serum testosterone levels and an increase of the W/H ratio compared to other groups in addition to the age-associated decrease of serum T3, IGF-1 and testosterone levels and increase of the W/H ratio and serum LH and FSH levels.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The effect of probucol on the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in Otsuka Long Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rats.; The effect of probucol which acts as a scavenger of free radicals, on preventing the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in a model rat (Otsuka Long Evans Tokushima Fatty [OLETF]) was examined. Sixteen male OLETF rats aged 5 weeks were divided into two groups. One group were fed standard laboratory chow and the other group were fed the chow containing 1% probucol. At 12, 16, 24 weeks of age, an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed. At 24 weeks of age, the cumulative incidences of diabetes mellitus in both groups were 100%. After two weeks, insulin-mediated glucose uptake was measured using a euglycemic clamp technique. There was no significant difference in glucose infusion rates between both groups. At the end of the experiment, plasma lipid concentrations were measured. The serum total cholesterol levels were significantly lower in rats fed probucol containing chow (66.3 +/- 3.7 mg/dl) than those of rats fed standard laboratory chow (78 +/- 6.4 mg/dl). On the other hand, the serum triglyceride level were not significantly different between them. Histological studies on the pancreas of both groups showed enlarged fibrotic islets and mononuclear cell infiltration in the periinsular area, though to a modest extent. These results demonstrated that probucol was not effective in preventing the development of NIDDM in this model animal. Considering these data, inflammatory destruction of pancreatic beta cells by free radical may not be involved in the development of NIDDM.
Effect of strict metabolic control on glucose handling by the liver and peripheral tissues in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To examine the effect of strict glycemic control on the insulin resistance of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we applied euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp combined with an oral glucose load (OGL) to nine non-obese subjects with NIDDM and quantitated insulin-mediated glucose uptake by the liver (HGU) and peripheral tissues (PGU) simultaneously before and after 3 to 4 weeks of intimate glycemic control by preprandial regular insulin injections 3 times a day. The glucose infusion rate (GIR) required to maintain euglycemia during the clamp before OGL was considered as PGU. After OGL, the fraction of ingested glucose that is not extracted by the liver enters the systemic circulation and reduces the GIR required for the clamp. HGU was calculated from the difference between the amount of OGL and the cumulative decrements in GIR after OGL and was expressed as the ratio to the amount of OGL (%). Three to 4 weeks after initiation of strict metabolic control, FPG and HbA1c levels significantly improved (9.1 +/- 0.5 vs. 6.4 +/- 0.4 mmol/l, and 11.2 +/- 0.8 vs. 8.3 +/- 0.3%, P < 0.05). HGU significantly increased to 33.1 +/- 9.5 from 14.5 +/- 4.8%, while PGU did not change (38.2 +/- 5.2 vs. 37.4 +/- 3.9 mumol/kg.min). These data suggest that short-term strict metabolic control ameliorates insulin resistance in NIDDM mainly at the hepatic level.
Effects of difference in amount of exercise training on prevention of diabetes mellitus in the Otsuka-Long-Evans-Tokushima fatty rats, a model of spontaneous non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Exercise training every day has been shown to be effective in preventing the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in a model rat (Otsuka Long Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF)). For determination of whether less vigorous exercise training also has a protective effect against the development of NIDDM in this model, seven male OLETF rats each were assigned to training every other day, every 3 days and every 7 days from 6 to 30 weeks of age. At 30 weeks of age, rats trained every other day, 3 days, 7 days and sedentary rats weighed averages of 547, 548, 603 and 695 g and had abdominal fat deposits of 28, 24, 32 and 72 g, respectively. The mean meterages of running of rats trained every other day, 3 days and 7 days over the whole experimental period were 9630, 5166 and 1685 m/week, respectively. At 30 weeks of age, the cumulative incidence of NIDDM in sedentary rats was 85.7% (6/7), while none of the trained rats became diabetic except for one of rats trained every 7 days. The glucose infusion rate (GIR), an index of insulin sensitivity, in the group trained every 7 days, 60.6 +/- 5.0 mumol.kg-1.min-1, was significantly greater than that in the sedentary group, 21.7 +/- 1.7 mumol.kg-1.min-1. Morphological studies on the pancreas of rats trained every other day and every 3 days showed minimal changes of islets, whereas sections of islets from rats trained every 7 days appeared enlarged and fibrotic, though significantly less so than the islets of sedentary rats.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Circadian blood pressure variation in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with nephropathy.; We studied a circadian blood pressure variation in relation to the progression of diabetic nephropathy in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Age, duration of diabetes, body mass index and glycemic control did not differ among the groups of patients with normo-, micro- and macroalbuminuria. None of the patients received antihypertensive drugs. There were no differences in renal and autonomic functions between normo- and microalbuminuric groups, but these functions were impaired in the macroalbuminuric group. The rise in blood pressure was more apparent in 24-h ambulatory blood pressure (AMBP), especially during night-time, as compared with casual blood pressure. Such blood pressure rise was in accordance with the progression of nephropathy. However, pulse rate did not differ among the three groups. The nocturnal fall in blood pressure was blunted in the micro- and macroalbuminuria groups, but evident in the normoalbuminuric group. In the latter, daytime systolic blood pressure (SBP) was significantly higher than night-time SBP (123 +/- 5 mmHg vs. 113 +/- 3 mmHg, P = 0.002). In contrast, in the former two groups of patients, there were no significant differences in SBP between daytime and night-time (134 +/- 9 mmHg vs. 134 +/- 9 mmHg, ns, for microalbuminuria and 159 +/- 8 mmHg vs. 165 +/- 7 mmHg, ns, for macroalbuminuria). Urinary albumin excretion was significantly correlated with night-time SBP (r = 0.48, P = 0.015), but not with daytime SBP (r = 0.30, ns). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Lipoprotein (a) and other risk factors in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Studies have established a relationship between lipoprotein (a) [Lp(a)] levels and cardiovascular disease, but few have studied Lp(a) in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., METHODS: We determined Lp(a) concentrations, levels of glycated hemoglobin, and the personal and family history of atherosclerosis in 88 patients with NIDDM (53 men and 35 women; age, 33-70 years) and 90 age- and sex-matched controls. Twenty-three patients with NIDDM had cardiovascular disease (CVD group) and 65 did not (non-CVD group)., RESULTS: Lp(a) levels were higher in CVD than non-CVD patients (P < 0.01). Triglyceride levels negatively correlated with Lp(a) (r = -0.51, P < 0.05), independently of the metabolic control of diabetes. Patients with poor metabolic control (glycated hemoglobin > 7.5%) had higher Lp(a) levels than the control group (P < 0.05). Lp(a) levels were higher than 0.30 milligram in 11% of patients without CVD and 55% of those with CVD (P < 0.05). Cluster analysis showed that Lp(a), as well as total cholesterol, triglycerides, apolipoprotein B100, and age were independently related to CVD in patients with NIDDM (P < 0.001 for triglycerides and P < 0.05 for the other variables)., CONCLUSIONS: Lp(a) levels can be considered an independent risk factor for the development of atherosclerosis in NIDDM.
Prevention of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a chronic disease which may take several years to develop, presumably starting in most cases with genetic susceptibility. Development of NIDDM is influenced by obesity and physical inactivity. As these risk factors can be altered by behavioral modification, and some of the physiologic abnormalities predicting diabetes, such as insulin resistance and impaired glucose tolerance, can be improved by behavioral modification and with drugs, NIDDM is potentially preventable. This potential needs to be demonstrated by randomized clinical trials.
[Study on relationship between brain function and syndrome differentiation-typing of TCM in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; The relationship between brain function and syndrome-types of TCM in 51 patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) was observed. The syndromes were divided into three types. (1) Yin Deficiency with internal excessive Heat (YDIEH), 15 cases; (2) Qi-Yin Deficiency (QYD), 21 cases; (3) Deficiency of both Yin and Yang (DYY), 15 cases. The control group consisted of 30 healthy subjects matched in age, sex and educational level. The brain function were tested by neurobehavioral and neuroelectrophysiological tests. The former included short-term memory, thinking, eye-hand coordination and emotion tests; the latter consisted of brainstem auditory evoked potentials (BAEP), visual evoked potentials (VEP) and somatosensory evoked potentials (SEP). The results showed that the brain function in YDIEH group approached normal controls, and the brain function in QYD and QYY groups were significantly deteriorated. The results suggested that the brain function were correlated with the syndrome-types of patients with NIDDM. This would be valuable for diagnosis and treatment of NIDDM in TCM.
Vascular complications in non-insulin dependent diabetics in Thailand. Thai Multicenter Research Group on Diabetes Mellitus.; Ten hospitals participated in a cross-sectional study to determine the prevalence of vascular complications in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The patients were 1433 females and 627 males, aged 24-88 years (mean +/- S.D. = 58.0 +/- 9.9). Duration of diabetes varied from newly diagnosed to 42 years (mean +/- S.D. = 8.2 +/- 6.5). Obesity was noted in 16.9% of males and 27.4% of females. The prevalence of hypertension, myocardial infarction (MI), hemiplegia, absent dorsalis pedis pulse, gangrene and amputation were 38.4, 2.8, 3.7, 5.8, 0.3 and 1.3%, respectively. Diabetic retinopathy (DR) was found in 32.1% of the patients. Proteinuria of > or = 2+ was observed in 18.7% of the patients. Stepwise multiple logistic regression analysis revealed that hypertension was significantly and independently correlated with MI, hemiplegia and DR but not with proteinuria or absent dorsalis pedis pulse. DR and proteinuria had a strong correlation with each other. Age of the patients weakly correlated with macrovascular diseases. Diabetic control and duration showed a weak correlation with microvascular complications. This study showed that DR was frequently found in Thai NIDDM. Hypertension was not only the commonest disorder but it also showed an independent association with other vascular complications. Early detection and intervention for both need to be emphasized and re-enforced in clinical practice.
Lipid-lowering efficacy of psyllium hydrophilic mucilloid in non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus with hyperlipidaemia.; The effect of the administration of 3.5 g of psyllium husk twice daily for 90 days was investigated in 24 patients of non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with hyperlipidaemia. After 90 days of treatment, psyllium was withdrawn and the patients were followed up for a further 90 days. Psyllium significantly decreased the levels of total cholesterol (TC; 19.7%), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C; 23.7%), triglycerides (TG; 27.2%) and the ratio of LDL-C to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C; 24.1%) and the lowering was sustained even up to 90 days after cessation of treatment. The level of HDL-C also showed a significant increase of 15.8 per cent but this effect was not sustained after cessation of treatment. The compliance was very good and no adverse effects were observed. This study indicated that psyllium husk is an effective and well tolerated adjunct to diet for the treatment of mild to moderate hyperlipidaemia in NIDDM patients.
DNA polymorphisms at the locus for human cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) are associated with macro- and microangiopathy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The effect of variation at the cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) gene locus and in the apolipoprotein (apo) AI-CIII-AIV gene cluster on the susceptibility of individuals with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) to atherosclerotic vascular disease was studied in 136 male and 122 female patients with NIDDM. The prevalence of myocardial infarction was high (38%) in patients with the EcoNI genotype 2-2 of the CETP gene locus (= 2-2; subjects homozygous for the absence of the restriction site) compared with patients with the genotype 1-1 (= 1-1; subjects homozygous for the presence of the restriction site) (18%, p < 0.02). The prevalence of any evidence of coronary heart disease (CHD) (presence of ischaemic ECG changes or definite myocardial infarction) was high in 2-2 (73%) compared with the genotype 1-2 (= 1-2; heterozygous for the presence of the restriction site) (52%, p < 0.02) and genotype 1-1 (p = 0.06). CHD was more prevalent in men with 2-2 (70%) than in those with 1-1 (42%, p < 0.05), but in women no significant differences were found in the prevalences of CHD between the EcoNI genotypes. Neuropathy was more often present in the patients with 2-2 (31%) than in those with 1-1 (12%, p < 0.02) or 1-2 (14%, p < 0.01). Plasma total cholesterol and total- and VLDL-triglycerides were higher in women with the EcoNI genotype 1-1 than in those with the genotype 1-2. In men no significant differences in plasma lipids were found. In addition, the prevalence of cerebrovascular disease was high (21%) in the patients with the genotype 1-1 of the TaqIB polymorphism compared with the genotype 2-2 (6%, p < 0.02). None of the alleles defined by four polymorphisms in the apo AI-CIII-AIV gene region were associated with an increased risk for macroangiopathy. The PstI polymorphism had an effect on plasma triglyceride levels. At the CETP locus one pair of loci (TaqIB and EcoNI) and three pairs of loci at the apo AI-CIII-AIV gene cluster (SacI and MspI, SacI and PvuII and MspI and PvuII) showed significant allelic association. In conclusion, the variation of CETP locus modulates the risk for diabetic complications in patients with NIDDM and the effect seems to be different between men and women. In contrast, the AI-CIII-AIV gene cluster polymorphisms seem not to be related to the risk of CHD in NIDDM.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Three types of "mid-band" lipoproteins in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: relation to metabolic abnormalities and vascular complications.; A number of fine bands which occur in positions between the beta- and pre-beta-lipoproteins in polyacrylamide gell electrophresis are called mid-bands (MB). In this study, the relationship between the occurrence of these MB and metabolic abnormalities or vascular complications was evaluated in 181 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The incidence of MB in diabetic patients was significantly higher than that in 149 healthy control subjects (35 vs. 20%, p < 0.01). Analysis according to the type of MB revealed that the incidence of the central type in diabetic patients was significantly higher than that in healthy control subject (11 vs. 5%, p < 0.05). When the values of HbAlc were elevated, the incidence of MB and its central type slightly increased. The occurrence of the lower type of MB showed no relationship with the levels of HbAlc. The incidence of MB and its central type were significantly higher in patients with type IIb hyperlipidemia (86 and 41%, respectively) and with type IV hyperlipidemia (63 and 25%) than in those with normolipidemia (21 and 5%) (p < 0.01 of all). The incidence of the lower type of MB was significantly higher in patients with type IIa hyperlipidemia (25%) and with type IIb hyperlipidemia (36%) than in those with normolipidemia (11%) (p < 0.05, p < 0.01, respectively). There was no significant difference in the occurrences of MB and of the central and lower types of MB between the normolipidemic patients and healthy control subjects. The incidence of MB and its central type were significantly higher in patients with nephropathy (54 and 23%, respectively) than in those without nephropathy (32 and 9%) (p < 0.05 of all). There was no significant difference in the incidence of lower type of MB between patients with and without nephropathy. These results indicate that the incidence of central type of MB may be high in NIDDM, and that the occurrence of central type may be associated with abnormal metabolism of glucose or lipid and with diabetic nephropathy.
Lipoprotein(a) as an independent risk factor for diabetic retinopathy in male patients in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Relationship of the lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] concentration as a risk factor independent of other factors with the severity of diabetic retinopathy were evaluated by multiple regression analysis. The subjects were 158 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Multiple regression analysis was carried with the severity of diabetic retinopathy as the dependent variable and 13 independent variables, namely the Lp(a) concentration, sex, age, body mass index, duration of diabetes, ischemic heart disease, fasting plasma glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin A1c, total cholesterol, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, anti-diabetic treatments, and diabetic nephropathy. The analysis was performed separately in all subjects, males only, and females only. The standard partial regression coefficient of Lp(a) was significant (0.293, p < 0.01), and the multiple correlation coefficient was 0.611 in the males. However, the standard partial correlation coefficient of Lp(a) was not significant in all patients and in females only. The rank of contribution of Lp(a) to retinopathy was the third in males, following triglyceride and nephropathy and followed by anti-diabetic treatments. These results suggest that Lp(a) might be an independent risk factor for diabetic retinopathy in male patients with NIDDM.
[Susceptibility of LDL to lipid peroxidation in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with or without macroangiopathy].; Since oxidized LDL may play a role in the genesis of atheroma, which is the primary complication of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we investigated whether the LDL of diabetic patients were more prone to oxidation than those of healthy controls. We therefore studied the susceptibility of LDL to oxidation by phenylhydrazine (LDL-PO) in NIDDM patients with or without macroangiopathy, and in controls. Results showed that the LDL of patients with macroangiopathy (n = 50) were more susceptible to oxidation than those of both NIDDM patients without vascular complications (n = 50) and controls (n = 50). In diabetic patients, there was a positive correlation between LDL-PO and the following parameters: total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL cholesterol, apolipoprotein B. In contrast, there was no correlation between LDL-PO and the parameters of glycemic control (fasting glucose, HbAlc). After analyzing the composition of LDL, it appeared that LDL-PO values in diabetic patients were positively correlated with those of all LDL constituents. The increase in LDL-PO observed in the group of NIDDM patients with macroangiopathy could be a consequence of an increase in the LDL triglyceride content in these patients.
[Histopathological and functional study of the kidney in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; The histopathological characteristics of the kidney using light microscopy and immunofluorescence studies in samples obtained by renal percutaneous biopsy in 19 women and 7 men with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) (mean of age: 55.07 +/- 9.04 yr and mean of "known" diabetes duration: 7.50 +/- 6.87 yr) were studied. The relationship with age, blood pressure, diabetic retinopathy and other complementary diagnostic methods such as serum creatinine (Cr), creatinine clearance (CrC), renal plasma flow (RPF), proteinuria and filtration fraction (FF) were also determined. Light microscopy studies detected 92.3% of patients with renal lesions of different degrees of severity. The presence and severity of glomerulopathy and arteriolopathy were related to diabetes duration (r: 0.764) and they were related to each other (rs: 0.773). In 2 patients, lesions were not observed and in 11 out of 14 patients with less than 5 yr of diabetes duration, mild lesions were detected. However, the histological changes became worse after that period. The glomerulopathy was also statistically correlated with Cr, CrC, RPF, proteinuria and FF. By immunofluorescence, fibrinogen, IgA and C3 were the most frequent and intense precipitates observed. They increased with diabetes duration and were located predominantly in the wall and the periphery of the glomerules and in renal tubules, suggesting that they originated by trapping. There were no precipitates in the mesenchyma, they were scarce in the interstice, Bowman's capsule and arterioles. Statistical correlation between diabetic histopathological renal changes and retinopathy was found. These results confirm that lesions in the kidney and retina in non-insulin dependent diabetic patients generally appear and evolve in a similar manner. Hypertension was diagnosed in 80.76% of patients, without statistical correlation between blood pressure and renal lesions. This suggests that at the onset, in non-insulin dependent diabetic patients hypertension and nephro-pathy are caused by different and independent pathogenic mechanisms. However, at an end stage, it seems that both situations can influence each other in a way that their evolution becomes more severe. Nephropathy in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus displayed scarce clinical signs and poor laboratory evidence except when the renal lesions become too severe. The lack of correlation between renal lesions and patients' age and blood pressure suggests the participation of diabetes at the onset of kidney structural impairment.
Increased risk of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in elderly hypertensive subjects.; BACKGROUND: In several studies hypertension has been shown to be associated with an increased incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). This may be due to hypertension itself or to the deleterious effects of some antihypertensive agents on glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity., METHODS: We examined the 3.5-year incidence of diabetes mellitus in relation to hypertension and antihypertensive medication in a population-based study of elderly subjects (n = 805) aged 65-74 years in Kuopio, Finland., RESULTS: Of the subjects studied, 60% had hypertension at baseline and 50% of the hypertensive subjects were on drug therapy at baseline. Hypertensive subjects had a significantly higher incidence of NIDDM than non-hypertensive subjects. However, after adjustment for age, body mass index, waist: hip ratio, sex, and fasting glucose and insulin levels, the increased risk of NIDDM in hypertensive subjects was no longer statistically significant. Subjects with high blood pressure (> or = 160/95 mmHg) at the baseline examination who were not taking beta-blockers or diuretic medication had a 1.56-fold increased risk of developing NIDDM, whereas subjects with hypertension who were taking those agents had a 1.88-fold risk of developing NIDDM compared with subjects with normal blood pressure. The risk of developing NIDDM was accompanied by elevated fasting insulin levels. After adjustment for age, sex, body mass index, waist:hip ratio, and fasting glucose and insulin levels, hypertensive subjects taking diuretics or beta-blockers, or both, still had a 1.56-fold increased risk of developing NIDDM relative to normotensive subjects. Hypertensive subjects taking diuretics or beta-blockers, or both, had a significantly higher incidence of NIDDM than hypertensive subjects not on pharmacological therapy. However, after adjustment for 2-h glucose and insulin concentrations, the incidence of NIDDM did not differ between the hypertensive subjects., CONCLUSION: The data presented suggest that the increased risk of NIDDM in hypertensive subjects taking beta-blockers or diuretics, or both, is explained at least partly by metabolic disturbances related to drug therapy.
Prevalence of microalbuminuria in Saudi Arabians with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a clinic-based study.; Prevalence of diabetic nephropathy varies in different racial groups, being especially high in communities that have abandoned an active traditional living and embraced a modern but sedentary life-style. As a new and rapidly developing country, Saudi Arabia has witnessed impressive changes in socio-economic growth and development and concurrently, a disturbing trend in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). These observations therefore prompted us to investigate the prevalence of microalbuminuria among Saudi Arabians with NIDDM. Two hundred and eleven patients attending a large Diabetic Clinic in Riyadh were screened for microalbuminuria (30-300 mg/24 h). Twenty-seven subjects had clinical proteinuria (dipstick-positive) and were excluded, leaving 184 cases for analysis. Seventy-six subjects (76/184, 41.3%) had microalbuminuria. These subjects had higher fasting plasma glucose concentrations (P = 0.002) and greater body mass index (P = 0.049) than subjects with normal albumin excretion rate (< 30 mg/24 h). There were no significant differences between subjects with and without microalbuminuria with regards to fasting total plasma cholesterol and triglycerides concentrations, frequency of hypertension, duration of diabetes or type of therapy for diabetes. In multivariate analysis, glycaemia (P < 0.005) and years since diagnosis of diabetes (P = 0.05) remained independently associated with albumin excretion rate. We conclude that microalbuminuria is exceedingly common in a clinic-based population of Saudi Arabians with NIDDM and its presence is closely related to glycaemic control. Whether the prevalence of microalbuminuria is truly increased in the diabetic population at large in Saudi Arabia must now await further population-based studies.
Plasma cholesteryl ester transfer in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Plasma newly synthesised cholesteryl ester transfer (NCET) rates from high density lipoproteins (HDL) to very low density lipoproteins (VLDL) and low density lipoproteins lipoproteins (LDL) were measured in 26 patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), 26 healthy subjects with closely matching plasma triglyceride (TG) levels and 10 normolipidaemic healthy individuals. In addition, insulin mediated glucose uptake was measured in the NIDDM patients and the normolipidaemic subjects. Rates of NCET were significantly (P < 0.05) elevated in NIDDM patients compared with healthy normolipidaemic individuals but were similar to rates in healthy subjects with closely matching TG levels. In all groups of subjects plasma NCET was significantly (P < 0.001) correlated with plasma TG concentration. In NIDDM patients correlations between NCET and plasma glucose (r = 0.489, P = 0.011) independently of plasma TG levels, and glycated haemoglobin levels (r = 0.430, P = 0.028) were also recorded. Insulin mediated glucose uptake was unrelated to plasma NCET rates in the study. These data suggest that in NIDDM patients under good diabetic control elevated plasma NCET rates are mainly due to hypertriglyceridaemia and a specific and possibly stimulatory effect of diabetes on these rates may be seen only in patients with poorly controlled diabetes.
[Clinical study on jiang tang san in treating non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus patients].; The therapeutic effect of Jiang Tang San (JTS) in 30 cases with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), was observed, whose fasting blood glucose ranged from 11.1 mmol/L to 13.8 mmol/L. The results suggested that JTS has significant effects on NIDDM patients in the lowering of blood glucose, blood lipid and blood pressure levels. The clinical symptoms and blood glucose improved rapidly. JTS promoted the elevation of serum insulin level 1 hour after meal. The total effective rate of lowering blood glucose reached 86.7%. The results showed JTS is better than medication of berberine on lowering blood glucose (P < 0.01) and JTS was still effective when patients failed to respond to other hypoglycemics or on recurrence. There were no significant side-effects during the course of treatment.
Influence of metabolic control on the ventilatory threshold in adults with non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Metabolic control, as assessed by glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), has been reported to have a relationship to various submaximal exercise responses. However, due to the narrow range of HbA1c and the limited exercise data from previous studies on individuals with diabetes, little support for the above statement exists in the literature. The current study assessed the relationship between HbA1c and submaximal, or ventilatory threshold (VT), and maximal exercise (VO2 peak) responses in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Sixteen subjects (age = 56.5 +/- 14.4 yrs; Wt = 82.6 +/- 17.2 kg; B.M.I. = 29.5 +/- 2.7 kg.m-2) performed a ramp (20 watts.min-1) leg cycle ergometer test (GXT). Their HbA1c was 11.8 +/- 2.8% (range 6.5 to 16.6%). Breath by breath respiratory analysis was performed using a Med Graphics 2001 cart. Ventilatory threshold (VT) was determined using the V-slope method. The VT was 1,151 +/- 487 ml.min-1 or 70.2 +/- 10% VO2peak; VO2peak was 1,645 +/- 740 ml.min-1. There were no significant relationships found between HbA1c and the VO2 at the VT (r = 0.04), the % of VO2peak at the VT (r = 0.23), and the VO2peak (r = 0.17). In conclusion, metabolic control, as assessed by HbA1c, did not influence selected submaximal and maximal exercise responses in NIDDM. Therefore, exercise prescription for individuals with NIDDM may not need to consider the individual's HbA1c concentration as a modifier of their exercise response.
Urinary beta 2-microglobulin levels and urinary N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase enzyme activities in early diagnosis of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus nephropathy.; To assess whether urinary N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase (NAG) and beta 2-microglobulin (beta 2-MG) levels could be used as predictors of diabetic nephropathy or not, 59 non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients were included in our study (31 females, 29 males; mean age 54 +/- 10.1). The control group consisted of 20 healthy non-diabetic subjects (12 males and 8 females; mean age 47 +/- 13.9). The patients in the study group were classified according to the duration of diabetes. In all cases, urinary beta 2-MG levels were measured by specific enzyme immunoassays and urinary NAG enzyme activities were determined by colorimetric methods. The mean urinary NAG level in study group was higher than that of the control group (p < 0.01). It was observed that NAG activity begins to rise in the third year of NIDDM, makes a plateau between 3-10 years, and rapidly increases after the 10th year. No significant difference in NAG activity was found between chemical NIDDM and control groups. No significant difference in beta 2-MG levels was found between study and control groups. The mean NAG activity in patients with early glomerular hyperfiltration was significantly higher than those without early hyperfiltration and control group (p < 0.05), whereas the mean beta 2-MG level was not. As a result, urinary NAG enzyme activity significantly increases, while urinary beta 2-MG level remains unchanged in patients with NIDDM. It was concluded that measurement of urinary NAG enzyme activity may be a good indicator in early diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy.
Serum amyloid A protein in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We determined the serum amyloid A protein (SAA) levels in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and investigated the possible association between SAA and the complications of NIDDM. The concentrations of SAA were measured in the plasma of 105 patients with NIDDM (52 men and 53 women, age mean +/- SD, 61 +/- 13 years) and 91 healthy subjects (37 men and 54 women, aged 57 +/- 11 years). SAA concentrations were assayed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. SAA concentrations in the patients with NIDDM were significantly higher than those in healthy subjects (2.1 +/- 1.3 vs. 1.2 +/- 0.5 mg/L). There were no obvious relationships between SAA levels and duration of diabetes, type of therapy, or control of blood sugar in the patients with NIDDM. However, SAA levels in patients with NIDDM increased significantly, with increase of urinary albumin excretion (p = 0.027). The increase of SAA in the patients with NIDDM did not influence the serum concentrations of lipid or lipoprotein. The SAA concentration in NIDDM was unrelated to the type of treatment, but seemed to be related to the development of diabetic nephropathy.
High blood pressure and the incidence of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus: findings in a 11.5 year follow-up study in The Netherlands.; To examine the contribution of cardiovascular risk factors to the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, a prospective follow-up study was performed of a cohort, initially examined in a population survey on cardiovascular risk factors. The survey was conducted from 1975 to 1978 in the Netherlands among 5700 men and women aged 20 to 65. In 1988 a questionnaire on the prevalence of chronic diseases, including diabetes mellitus, was sent to all living participants of the initial survey. The general practitioners of the persons who indicated to have diabetes mellitus were asked to confirm the diagnosis. Diabetes mellitus was defined as current use of oral hypoglycemic drugs or insulin. After exclusion of the prevalent cases at the initial survey, 65 incident confirmed cases remained. All others responding to the questionnaire served as controls. The incidence of diabetes mellitus was associated with body mass index, use of diuretics, systolic and diastolic blood pressure. After adjustment for age and body mass index systolic and diastolic blood pressure were still associated with the incidence of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in men; relative risks 1.28 (95% confidence interval 1.06-1.54) and 1.40 (95% CI 1.06-1.85) per 10 mmHg respectively. For women, only the relative risk associated with the use of diuretics remained statistically significant (2.26, 95% CI 1.04-4.90). This probably reflects the risk of (treated) hypertension: adjusted for blood pressure, the relative risk lost statistical significance. These findings suggest that elevated blood pressure is a risk for the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). This supports the view that NIDDM and hypertension may have a similar origin.
Glycogen synthase and phosphofructokinase protein and mRNA levels in skeletal muscle from insulin-resistant patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; In patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and matched control subjects we examined the interrelationships between in vivo nonoxidative glucose metabolism and glucose oxidation and the muscle activities, as well as the immunoreactive protein and mRNA levels of the rate-limiting enzymes in glycogen synthesis and glycolysis, glycogen synthase (GS) and phosphofructokinase (PFK), respectively. Analysis of biopsies of quadriceps muscle from 19 NIDDM patients and 19 control subjects showed in the basal state a 30% decrease (P < 0.005) in total GS activity and a 38% decrease (P < 0.001) in GS mRNA/microgram DNA in NIDDM patients, whereas the GS protein level was normal. The enzymatic activity and protein and mRNA levels of PFK were all normal in diabetic patients. In subgroups of NIDDM patients and control subjects an insulin-glucose clamp in combination with indirect calorimetry was performed. The rate of insulin-stimulated nonoxidative glucose metabolism was decreased by 47% (P < 0.005) in NIDDM patients, whereas the glucose oxidation rate was normal. The PFK activity, protein level, and mRNA/microgram DNA remained unchanged. The relative activation of GS by glucose-6-phosphate was 33% lower (P < 0.02), whereas GS mRNA/micrograms DNA was 37% lower (P < 0.05) in the diabetic patients after 4 h of hyperinsulinemia. Total GS immunoreactive mass remained normal. In conclusion, qualitative but not quantitative posttranslational abnormalities of the GS protein in muscle determine the reduced insulin-stimulated nonoxidative glucose metabolism in NIDDM.
Long-term effects of the angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor captopril on metabolic control in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The role of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors in improving insulin-mediated glucose uptake has been described. However, their effects on long-term glucose control in diabetes mellitus are less well established. This study examines the effect of 4 months of captopril treatment on blood pressure (BP) and glucose control in 130 subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and hypertension. Therapy for glycemic control was adjusted during a 3 month period prior to entry into active BP treatment and was not changed during 4 months of captopril administration. Fasting blood glucose and sitting BP were measured before and at 1, 2, 3, and 4 months of captopril monotherapy. Hemoglobin (Hb) A1c, serum electrolytes, creatinine, total cholesterol, and triglycerides were measured before and at 4 months. There were significant reductions in fasting blood glucose from baseline at 1 month (P < .01) and further stepwise decreases in values at 2, 3, and 4 months. Differences in glucose from month to month were highly significant. HbA1c was stable over a 3-month pretrial period, then decreased (P < .001) from baseline at 4 months of active treatment. Mean serum potassium increased from 4.4 to 4.7 (P < .001) at month 4 and there was an inverse correlation (r = -0.2, P < .025) between changes in potassium and HbA1c. Total serum cholesterol fell (P < .01) at month 4 of treatment. Serum creatinine and blood urea were unchanged, but of 18 patients with mild proteinuria pretrial, 12 of 18 were negative for protein at 4 months.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Peripheral and hepatic insulin sensitivity in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: effect of nonesterified fatty acids.; Plasma nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) levels are increased in the insulin-stimulated state in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and may contribute to the decrease in peripheral and hepatic insulin sensitivity. To test this hypothesis and to avoid the confounding effect of obesity, we examined the effect of decreasing plasma NEFA levels on peripheral and total glucose metabolism in eight non-obese, NIDDM patients. Each received 250 mg Acipimox (a nicotinic acid analogue) or placebo at 0 and 120 minutes on separate occasions. [6,6-2H2]-glucose (0 to 300 minutes) and insulin (120 to 300 minutes) were infused in each study, and isoglycemia was maintained. Plasma NEFA levels (140 +/- 30 v 600 +/- 70 mumol/L [SEM]; P < .001) and forearm NEFA uptake measured with [1-14C]-palmitate (+93 +/- 21 v +313 +/- 42 nmol x 100 mL forearm-1; P < .001) were decreased with acipimox during the basal period (90 to 120 minutes), with no change in forearm glucose uptake (+334 +/- 80 and +330 +/- 60 nmol x 100 mL forearm-1 x min-1) and hepatic glucose output ([HGO] 13.6 +/- 0.9 and 13.4 +/- 0.7 mumol.kg-1 x min-1). Serum insulin (256 +/- 12 and 266 +/- 18 pmol/L) and plasma glucose (9.5 +/- 0.6 and 9.4 +/- 0.5 mmol/L) levels were comparable during the clamp period (270 to 300 minutes). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Glucose fluxes and oxidation after an oral glucose load in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus of variable severity.; The relative contribution of liver and peripheral tissues to the postprandial glucose response has been examined in 19 obese non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients and 11 matched nondiabetic control subjects during a 5-hour oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) performed with a load of 75 g, corresponding to approximately 67 g/1.73 m2. A dual-tracer technique was used to measure exogenous and endogenous glucose fluxes separately. Glucose oxidation was measured by indirect calorimetry. Diabetic patients were subdivided into two subgroups designated as "mild" (n = 7) and "severe" (n = 12) NIDDM according to postabsorptive glucose concentration with a cut-off point of 140 mg/dL. In the basal state, glucose concentrations averaged 99, 117, and 194 mg/dL, respectively, in control subjects and in the two diabetic subgroups, but insulin concentrations were not significantly different between groups. In comparison to control subjects, the basal hyperglycemia of mildly diabetic patients was entirely caused by a reduced metabolic clearance rate (118 v 144 mL/min; P < .05), whereas in severely diabetic patients basal hyperglycemia resulted from a combination of increased hepatic glucose output (187 v 139 mg/min; P < .001) and decreased metabolic clearance rate (97 v 144 mL/min; P < .001). A similar situation prevailed during the initial 2 hours after glucose ingestion. In patients with mild NIDDM, glucose concentration increased by 121 +/- 10 mg/dL as compared with 36 +/- 7 mg/dL in control subjects (P < .001). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Effects of chloroquine on the dyslipidemia of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The effects of 3-day oral chloroquine phosphate treatment administered at a dosage of 250 mg four times daily on fasting serum levels of lipids, lipoproteins, and apolipoproteins were studied in 20 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Chloroquine reduced the fasting serum concentrations of total cholesterol (6.16 +/- 0.31 to 5.67 +/- 0.31 mmol/L, P < .05), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (4.38 +/- 0.35 to 3.93 +/- 0.32 mmol/L, P < .05), and apolipoprotein (apo) B (1.46 +/- 0.08 to 1.24 +/- 0.06 g/L, P < .01), and the ratio of apo B to apo A-I (0.81 +/- 0.05 to 0.71 +/- 0.03, P < .05). Chloroquine also caused a decrease in fasting plasma glucose levels (11.1 +/- 0.5 to 9.2 +/- 0.4 mmol/L, P < .01) and an increase in fasting plasma insulin levels (0.12 +/- 0.01 to 0.14 +/- 0.01 nmol/L, P < .01). The decrease in total cholesterol and apo B levels correlated with the increase in fasting plasma insulin levels (r = .35, P = .04 and r = .33, P = .03, respectively), but not with changes in plasma levels of glucose or nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA). This study demonstrates that 3 days of oral chloroquine treatment improves abnormalities of lipoprotein metabolism in patients with NIDDM. This may be due to an increase in insulin levels, but there also appears to be a more direct effect of the drug on apo B metabolism.
Fructosamine as a possible monitoring parameter in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus patients with periodontal disease.; Fructosamine assay is a new test used in the diagnosis and monitoring of diabetic patients. This assay may be of interest to the periodontist for, while the traditional plasma glucose value would give a general view and information about diabetic control at a certain point, the fructosamine concentration gives an indication of the plasma glucose level over a considerable period of time, such as 1 to 3 weeks. We investigated whether there was any relation between the diseased state of the periodontal tissues and plasma fructosamine and the plasma glucose values in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. We found that fructosamine correlated with the degree of gingival bleeding, however serum glucose levels had little or no correlation.
Hypercholesterolemia in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: different effect of simvastatin on VLDL and LDL cholesterol levels.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is often characterized by an increase in VLDL-triglyceride, VLDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and a reduction in HDL-cholesterol. HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors significantly lower cholesterol rates and have an indirect effect on the LDL receptor. We measured the effect of simvastatin in 28 hypercholesterolemic subjects, including 14 with NIDDM in good metabolic control (HbAIc 7.8% +/- 1.3%). A 24-week treatment with 10 mg/day (weeks 1-4), 20 mg/day (weeks 5-8) and 40 mg/day (weeks 9-24) simvastatin revealed different responses in diabetic and non-diabetic patients. Total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and apo B decreased significantly in both groups (less in the diabetics), whereas only NIDDM patients displayed a significant reduction in VLDL-cholesterol and VLDL-apo B. In the non-diabetics, the reduction in plasma cholesterol was mainly confined to the LDL fraction (276 +/- 65 vs. 132 +/- 28 mg/dl), whereas a significant fall in VLDL-cholesterol (45 +/- 19 vs. 21 +/- 10 mg/dl) was more evident in the NIDDM patients. Simvastatin also influenced plasma apo B levels (221 +/- 33 vs 134 +/- 23 mg/dl in non-diabetics and 182 +/- 44 vs. 134 +/- 30 mg/dl in diabetics). Significant reduction of apo B, LDL-apo B (205 +/- 39 vs. 128 +/- 23 mg/dl) in the non-diabetics and VLDL-apo B (16 +/- 5 vs. 9 +/- 2 mg/dl) in the diabetics, indicates that the VLDL are primarily concerned when statins are administered in NIDDM.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Plasma protein binding of lidocaine and warfarin in insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We examined the plasma protein binding of an acidic drug (warfarin bound to albumin) and a basic drug [lidocaine (lignocaine) bound to alpha 1-acid glycoprotein] in 15 patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and 15 matched controls. We also examined protein binding of warfarin and lidocaine in 30 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) and 25 controls. Compared with control, the binding of both warfarin (98.81 +/- 0.02 vs 98.57 +/- 0.03%, mean +/- SEM) and of lidocaine (69 +/- 2 vs 58 +/- 2%) was significantly reduced in IDDM. This group had lower concentrations of both albumin and alpha 1-acid glycoprotein (AAG), achieving statistical significance vs control for albumin only. In the patients with NIDDM, who had a similar level of glycosylated haemoglobin, while there was no significant difference in the binding of lidocaine there was a significant increase in warfarin binding compared with the control population (99.01 +/- 0.03 vs 98.82 +/- 0.04%). This study suggests that binding of both acidic and basic drugs is altered in both IDDM and NIDDM.
Abnormal glucose tolerance and alcohol consumption in three populations at high risk of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The associations of alcohol intake with the prevalence and incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and impaired glucose tolerance were examined in three populations at high risk for NIDDM. Population-based surveys performed in Mauritius in 1987, in Kiribati in 1981, and in Nauru in 1982 and 1987 provided data on alcohol intake, glucose tolerance, and associated risk factors for NIDDM in over 8,700 subjects not previously known to be diabetic. There was no consistent relation of alcohol intake to fasting or 2-hour glucose concentration in either prevalence or prospective studies. Odds ratios for newly diagnosed NIDDM associated with increasing alcohol intake were not significantly different from unity in any population in either prevalence or prospective data. Alcohol consumption was, however, related to other metabolic parameters associated with cardiovascular disease and NIDDM, i.e., increased systolic blood pressure, fasting triglycerides, uric acid, and high density lipoprotein cholesterol and a reduction in 2-hour insulin. The results of this study do not support the hypothesis of an independent effect of alcohol consumption on the development of NIDDM, but increased alcohol consumption is associated with variation in other cardiovascular disease risk factors in these three populations.
Hypertension in CB57BL/6J mouse model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The C57BL/6J (BL/6) mouse develops non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) when fed a high fat-high simple carbohydrate (HFHSC) diet, whereas A/J mice do not. The purpose of the study was to determine whether hypertension occurred with NIDDM and whether it was sustained by sympathetic nervous system (SNS) hyperactivity. After 3 mo on an HFHSC diet with a low Na content (0.06%), awake, tail-cuff systolic blood pressure (BP) increased 20% above the control diet in BL/6 (138 +/- 3 vs. 115 +/- 4) but not in A/J (115 +/- 6 vs. 113 +/- 2 mmHg) mice. On a normal Na (0.4%)-HFHSC diet, BL/6 mice had a higher BP than on 0.06% Na (149 +/- 3 at 3 mo, 162 +/- 6 at 4.5 mo). After 1 mo on the 0.06% Na-HFHSC diet, direct BP of anesthetized BL/6 mice was 18% higher than control. The hypotensive response to interruption of SNS activity by ganglionic blockade (chlorisondamine) increased in the BL/6 mice (50%), whereas the heart rate response increased in both strains (20-30%). Analysis of variance (ANOVA) on glucose detected significant effects of strain and diet and a strain x diet interaction (P = 0.0007). At 1 or 3 mo, HFHSC-fed BL/6 mice were hyperglycemic (> 11 mM) compared with diet or strain controls. The ANOVA on insulin detected strain and diet effects but not a strain x diet interaction (P = 0.3). HFHSC increased insulin above the control of 140-160 pM in A/J and BL/6 strain (20-70% at 1 mo, 400% at 3 mo). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Antibodies to glutamic acid decarboxylase reveal latent autoimmune diabetes mellitus in adults with a non-insulin-dependent onset of disease.; The classification of adults with diabetes mellitus can be invalidated by patients who initially present as NIDDM but who later become frankly insulin dependent. In some of these, the pathogenesis could be similar to that in IDDM, namely autoimmune destruction of the pancreatic beta-cells. We studied 102 patients > 35 yr of age at diabetes onset who had initially been nonketotic and non-insulin-dependent for > or = 6 mo. They were classified according to glucagon-stimulated C-peptide levels into an insulin-deficient group (n = 33) and a non-insulin-deficient group (n = 69). We measured antibodies to GAD, islet cell cytoplasm, thyroid antigens, and gastric parietal cells in both groups. Anti-GAD was significantly higher in the insulin deficient group, 76% (25 of 33), than in the non-insulin deficient group, 12% (8 of 69), and this difference was substantially greater than that shown for ICAs. Thus, in a proportion of adults who present with NIDDM, a slowly evolving autoimmune insulitis can be revealed by testing for anti-GAD. This could have important connotations not only for early intervention, but also for the correct classification of diabetes.
Association between polymorphism of the glycogen synthase gene and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The storage of glucose as glycogen in skeletal muscle is frequently impaired in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and their nondiabetic relatives. Despite an intensive search for candidate genes associated with NIDDM, no data have been available on the gene coding for the key enzyme of this pathway, glycogen synthase., METHODS AND RESULTS: Using a human complementary DNA probe, the restriction enzyme Xbal, and Southern blot analysis, we identified two polymorphic alleles, A1 and A2, in the glycogen synthase gene. The gene was localized to chromosome 19. The A1A2 or A2A2 genotype was found in 30 percent of 107 patients with NIDDM but in only 8 percent of 164 nondiabetic subjects without a family history of NIDDM (P < 0.001). The diabetic patients with the A2 allele had a stronger family history of NIDDM (P = 0.019), a higher prevalence of hypertension (P = 0.008), and a more severe defect in insulin-stimulated glucose storage (P = 0.001) than the diabetic patients with the A1 allele. The concentration of the glycogen synthase protein in biopsy specimens of skeletal muscle from the patients with the A2 allele was normal, however, suggesting that expression of the gene was unaltered. The Xbal polymorphism was due to a change of a single base in an intron., CONCLUSIONS: The Xbal polymorphism of the glycogen synthase gene identifies a subgroup of patients with NIDDM characterized by a strong family history of NIDDM, a high prevalence of hypertension, and marked insulin resistance.
Relationship between insulin receptor tyrosine kinase activity and internalization in monocytes of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.; Reduced insulin receptor tyrosine kinase activity and internalization have been reported in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. To clarify whether in NIDDM the defective internalization is caused by the defective kinase activity, we studied receptor tyrosine kinase activity and internalization in monocytes from eight lean control and six obese subjects and 10 obese NIDDM patients. Receptor internalization was also stimulated by an anti-insulin receptor antibody (MA-10) that is unable to stimulate receptor kinase activity. Basal exogenous tyrosine kinase activity was not different in monocytes from the three groups of subjects. As compared with control subjects (2,690 +/- 637 fmol 32P incorporated), insulin (100 nmol/L)-stimulated tyrosine kinase activity was lower in NIDDM patients (1,262 +/- 318, P < .05), but not in obese subjects (2,640 +/- 731). Basal receptor autophosphorylation did not differ between the three groups, whereas insulin-stimulated autophosphorylation in comparison to that in control subjects was reduced in NIDDM patients (P < .05), but not in obese subjects. In NIDDM patients, receptor internalization induced by both insulin and MA-10, was lower (P < .05) than that in control and obese subjects. No correlation was found between receptor internalization and exogenous tyrosine kinase activity (r = .30, NS) or autophosphorylation (r = .08, NS). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Renal handling of insulin and C-peptide in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The kidney is responsible for a considerable part of the clearance of insulin and C-peptide. Two routes are thought to be involved in the renal extraction of insulin and C-peptide from the circulation: (1) glomerular filtration, and (2) uptake by tubular cells from peritubular capillaries. The aim of the present study was to investigate these processes in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). For this purpose we measured the renal extraction of inulin, insulin, and C-peptide in 12 NIDDM patients and 16 control subjects during elective heart catheterization. In addition, a 24-h urine sample was obtained from all subjects to assess the fractional clearance of the peptides. The total renal extraction of both insulin and C-peptide exceeded the amount that was extracted by filtration, confirming the supposition that both peptides are cleared by an additional mechanism, most probably peritubular uptake. The peritubular uptake of insulin in the NIDDM group was not significantly different from that in the control subjects, whereas the insulin extraction over the legs was significantly lower in NIDDM than in the controls. The peritubular uptake of C-peptide was significantly lower in NIDDM, while the fractional clearance of C-peptide was significantly higher. The latter indicates that the reabsorption of C-peptide from the luminal side of the tubular cell is impaired in diabetes mellitus. It is therefore concluded that urinary C-peptide excretion is not a reliable index for insulin production in NIDDM.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Comparison of screening tests for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Screening for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) can be useful in clinical practice and in epidemiologic and genetic studies, but the available information for choosing between screening methods is limited. In this study, characteristics of several screening tests for NIDDM were compared., METHODS: Among Pima Indians participating in an epidemiologic study, the sensitivity and specificity for detecting NIDDM of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) levels and two measures of glycated hemoglobin (HbA1 or HbA1c) were compared in 2092 fasting subjects. Glycated hemoglobin, quantitative glycosuria, and dipstick glycosuria were compared in 237 nonfasting subjects. Diabetes was diagnosed using an oral glucose tolerance test if the 2-hour postload venous plasma glucose concentration was 11.1 mmol/L (200 mg/dL) or greater. The area under the relative operating characteristic curve was used to compare tests., RESULTS: In fasting subjects, the sensitivity for detecting diabetes with 98% specificity was 78.8% for HbA1 level of 7.5% or greater, 80.3% for HbA1c level of 6.3% or greater, and 88.0% for FPG level of 6.83 mmol/L (123 mg/dL) or greater. By relative operating characteristic analysis, there were no significant differences between FPG and HbA1c, but FPG was significantly more sensitive than HbA1. In nonfasting subjects the sensitivity at 98% specificity was 92.9% for HbA1 level of 7.3% or greater, 80.6% for quantitative urine glucose level of 1.94 mmol/L (35 mg/dL) or greater, and 64.3% for trace or greater of dipstick glycosuria. The area under the relative operating characteristic curve was significantly greater for glycated hemoglobin than for either measure of glycosuria., CONCLUSIONS: Although FPG has the best screening properties, HbA1c, HbA1, and quantitative urine glucose also provide high specificity and approximately 80% sensitivity in detecting NIDDM. The choice of a particular method could depend on cost, convenience, and availability.
[Progressive course of nephropathy with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus--structural-functional relationship].; We studied quantitatively a morphological change in diabetic nephropathy by light microscopy. The renal biopsy specimens were examined using color image processor in 53 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). These patients, aged 22 to 69 years, had been NIDDM for 2 months to 27 years. Glomerular area (GA), mesangial rate (MR) and length of capillary filtration (CFL) were used as the morphological parameters. Duration of diabetes, urinary albumin excretion and creatinine clearance (Ccr) were chosen as clinical manifestations. Duration of diabetes was correlated with MR (r = 0.55, p < 0.01), but not GA. Glomerular hypertrophy could not be found. A significant relationship between Ccr and CFL were noticed (r = 0.64, p < 0.01).
Increased content of epidermal growth factor in platelet lysates in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We evaluated the content of EGF in platelet lysates obtained from 49 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)(18 males, 31 females, age 58 +/- 13 years) and from 23 clinically healthy control subjects (11 males, 12 females, age 53 +/- 18 years). Platelets were collected from platelet-rich plasma and lysed. EGF was determined by radioimmunoassay. The immunoreactive EGF content in the platelet lysates in diabetic patients significantly exceeded that of control subjects (44.9 +/- 18.5 pg/mm3platelet vs. 34.2 +/- 7.8 pg/mm3platelet, mean +/- SD p < 0.008). In performing multiple regression analysis with ten clinical parameters, urinary albumin excretion (F = 16.1, r = 0.551, p < 0.001), duration of diabetes (F = 13.0, r = 0.511, p < 0.001) and the presence of diabetic proliferative retinopathy (F = 8.8, p < 0.01) were significantly associated with irEGF content in platelet lysates. These observations suggest that the amount of EGF in platelets may increase with the progression of diabetic complications. The mechanism for the increase of EGF in platelets remains to be clarified.
Glycosylated serum proteins and glycosylated hemoglobin in the assessment of glycemic control in insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To evaluate the relative value of glycosylated serum proteins (GSPs) versus glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) in assessing glycemic control in diabetes mellitus, we performed regular monitoring of GSPs and HbA1c in 30 subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) or non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) who performed frequent self-glucose monitoring. Analysis of the relationship between patterns of glycemic control and GSPs and HbA1c demonstrated that subjects with IDDM and NIDDM appeared similar when the more traditional indicators of glycemic control such as mean blood glucose level (166.9 +/- 20.9 v 177.4 +/- 39.6 mg/dL) or HbA1c (83.57 +/- 12.8 v 80.24 +/- 15.7 mmol hydroxymethyl furfuraldehyde [HMF]/mol hemoglobin [Hgb]) were used. However, when GSP levels or the standard deviation of mean glucose levels (SDMG) were used to assess glycemic control, higher levels were found in subjects with IDDM (52 +/- 10.3 mg/g protein and 28.59 +/- 7.60 mg/dL) versus NIDDM (44.6 +/- 15.2 mg/g protein and 21.6 +/- 15.9 mg/dL). Using multivariate analysis, GSPs were predictive of SDMG (P = .046), whereas HbA1c added no significant further information (P = .27). Our results suggest that GSPs may be more sensitive than HbA1c assay to the greater fluctuations in blood glucose levels generally associated with IDDM.
Is exercise training effective in preventing diabetes mellitus in the Otsuka-Long-Evans-Tokushima fatty rat, a model of spontaneous non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus?.; We determined whether exercise training is effective in preventing the development of diabetes mellitus in a model rat (Otsuka-Long-Evans-Tokushima Fatty [OLETF]) with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Thirty male OLETF rats aged 5 weeks were assigned to one of the following three groups: trained rats placed individually in an exercise wheel (EW) cage, EW-control rats housed in the same cages equipped with a fixed rotatory wheel, and sedentary rats maintained two or three to a conventional cage. Eight male diabetes-resistant Long-Evans rats were used as nondiabetic controls. At 24 weeks of age, the trained, EW-control, sedentary, and nondiabetic control rats weighed an average of 445, 559, 621 and 513 g and had abdominal fat deposits of 16, 55, 67, and 23 g, respectively. The mean amount of exercise of trained rats was 5,243 m/d. At 24 weeks of age, the cumulative incidences of diabetes mellitus in sedentary and EW-control rats were 78% and 50%, respectively, while neither trained nor nondiabetic control rats became diabetic. Fasting and 120-minute plasma immunoreactive insulin (IRI) levels after oral glucose administration were significantly lower in the trained group than in the other groups. In vivo insulin-stimulated glucose uptake as measured with a euglycemic clamp was reduced 37% in sedentary rats and increased 35% in trained rats compared with that in nondiabetic control rats. Morphological studies on the pancreas of sedentary and EW-control rats showed enlarged multilobulated fibrotic islets, whereas sections of islets from trained rats appeared normal but slightly enlarged.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Failure of insulin treatment in obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; A number of experts recommend the use of insulin for patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) who fail to respond to diet, exercise, and oral hypoglycemics, even when the patient is morbidly obese. This article describes the use of insulin in two obese patients with NIDDM whose obesity worsened following the institution of insulin therapy. In some cases the risk for increased obesity and its complications following the institution of insulin may offset the potential benefits of insulin therapy itself. There are two main drawbacks associated with insulin therapy in these patients. First, from a medical point of view, insulin has a lipogenic effect and may actually contribute to weight gain, hyperinsulinemia, and increased insulin resistance in obese patients with NIDDM. Second, from a behavioral point of view, the institution of insulin therapy may shift the patient's and physician's focus from the preferred lifestyle adjustments to the numerous details associated with insulin use and monitoring. Since weight gain and sedentary activity are themselves risk factors for coronary artery disease, the benefits of decreased blood glucose levels should be balanced against the risk of increased weight gain in these patients.
Lack of control by glucose of ultradian insulin secretory oscillations in impaired glucose tolerance and in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Normal subjects demonstrate the presence of ultradian oscillations (period 80-150 min) in insulin secretion rate (ISR) tightly coupled to glucose oscillations of similar period. These oscillations appear to be a function of the feedback loop linking glucose and insulin. The present study was undertaken to determine whether the control by glucose of the ultradian oscillations in insulin secretion is altered in impaired glucose tolerance IGT and in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Patients with NIDDM (n = 7), IGT (n = 4), and matched nondiabetic controls (n = 5) were studied under three separate protocols that involved administration of glucose at either a constant rate of 6 mg/kg per min for 28 h or in one of two oscillatory patterns at the same overall mean rate. The amplitude of the oscillations was 33% above and below the mean infusion rate, and their respective periods were 144 min (slow oscillatory infusion) or 96 min (rapid oscillatory infusion). Insulin, C-peptide, and glucose were sampled at 10-min intervals during the last 24 h of each study. ISRs were calculated by deconvolution of C-peptide levels. Analysis of the data showed that (a) the tight temporal coupling between glucose and ISR in the nondiabetic controls was impaired in the IGT and NIDDM groups as demonstrated by pulse analysis, cross-correlation analysis, and spectral analysis; (b) the absolute amplitude of the ISR pulses progressively declined with the transition from obesity to IGT to NIDDM; and (c) the absolute amplitude of the ISR oscillations failed to increase appropriately with increasing absolute amplitude of glucose oscillations in the IGT and NIDDM subjects compared with the control group. In conclusion, the present study demonstrates that important dynamic properties of the feedback loop linking insulin secretion and glucose are disrupted not only in established NIDDM but also in conditions where glucose tolerance is only minimally impaired. Further studies are needed to determine how early in the course of beta-cell dysfunction this lack of control by glucose of the ultradian oscillations in insulin secretion occurs and to define more precisely if this phenomenon plays a pathogenetic role in the onset of hyperglycemia in genetically susceptible individuals.
Effect of gliclazide on plasma lipids and pancreatic beta cell function in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Eighteen patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), who were newly diagnosed or had their oral hypoglycemic agents discontinued for more than 3 months, were studied to evaluate the effect of gliclazide on glycemic control, plasma lipids and beta cell function. The mean fasting plasma glucose (249 +/- 11 vs 170 +/- 10 mg/dl, p < 0.001), postprandial plasma glucose (353 +/- 16 vs 237 +/- 16 mg/dl, p < 0.001) and HbA1C (9.6 +/- 0.4 vs 6.5 +/- 0.3% p < 0.001) decreased significantly after 3-months of gliclazide treatment. The beta cell function showed a significant increase in fasting serum C-peptide (1.8 +/- 0.2 vs 2.1 +/- 0.3 ng/ml, p < 0.05) and an insignificant increment in serum C-peptide after glucagon stimulation (2.2 +/- 0.3 vs 2.2 +/- 0.4 ng/ml, p < 0.1). In 8 cases with an initial serum cholesterol above 200 mg/dl, the serum cholesterol decreased significantly (236 +/- 8 vs 200 +/- 12 mg/dl, p < 0.05). However, LDL-cholesterol (164 +/- 8 vs 145 +/- 13 mg, p > 0.05) and HDL-cholesterol (66 +/- 5 vs 54 +/- 9 mg, p > 0.05) showed insignificant decrease after gliclazide therapy. In 4 patients with hypertriglyceridemia, the serum triglyceride decreased (441 +/- 161 vs 239 +/- 73 mg/dl, p > 0.1), but this was not statistically significant. These findings suggest that hyperglycemia, fasting serum C-peptide levels and hypercholesteremia are significantly improved after a 3-month period of gliclazide therapy in NIDDM patients.
The role of dietary fiber in the etiology of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. The San Luis Valley Diabetes Study.; To investigate the hypothesis that a low intake of dietary fiber could increase the risk of developing non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we ascertained prior dietary intake of 242 persons with known diabetes and 460 persons without a prior diagnosis of diabetes among 20- to 74-year-old residents of two counties in southern Colorado from 1984 to 1986. When persons with diabetes were compared to nondiabetic controls, a higher reported fiber intake prior to diagnosis was found among persons with diabetes. A decrease in fiber of 10 g/d was associated with a decrease in risk of NIDDM of 0.75 (95% confidence interval: 0.59 to 0.96), rather than an increase as hypothesized. However, when the diabetic group was limited to those with diabetes for less than 5 years, this association was no longer present. Two further analyses were carried out on 1317 persons without a prior diagnosis of diabetes seen between 1984 and 1988. Among these persons, current fiber intake was inversely associated with fasting plasma insulin concentration. However, fiber explained less than 1% of the variation in fasting insulin levels. When persons with previously undiagnosed NIDDM were compared to normal controls, the odds ratio relating a decrease in fiber consumption of 10 g/d to NIDDM was 1.21 (95% confidence interval: 0.70 to 2.10) adjusting for calorie and carbohydrate intake. All analyses were adjusted for age, sex, ethnicity, and body mass index. The inconsistent findings reported here do not support the hypothesis that increasing dietary fiber intake could reduce the future occurrence of NIDDM.
GLUT-4 content in plasma membrane of muscle from patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The abundance of GLUT-4 protein in both total crude membrane and plasma membrane fractions of vastus lateralis muscle from 13 obese non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients and 14 healthy subjects were examined in the fasting state and after supraphysiological hyperinsulinemia. In the basal state the immunoreactive mass of GLUT-4 protein both in the crude membrane preparation and in the plasma membrane fraction was similar in NIDDM patients and control subjects. Moreover, in vivo insulin exposure neither for 30 min nor for 4 h had any impact on the content of GLUT-4 protein in plasma membranes. With the use of the same methodology, antibody, and achieving the same degree of plasma membrane purification and recovery, we found, however, that intraperitoneal administration of insulin to 7-wk-old rats within 30 min increased the content of GLUT-4 protein more than twofold (P < 0.01) in the plasma membrane from red gastrocnemius and soleus muscle. In conclusion, when the subcellular fractionation method was applied to human muscle biopsies taken in the basal state, no difference could be found in the plasma membrane content of immunoreactive GLUT-4 protein between NIDDM patients and normal subjects. With this technique, we were unable to show evidence for a regulatory effect of insulin on the plasma membrane level of GLUT-4 protein in human muscle.
[Prevalence of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in Lejona (Vizcaya, Spain)].; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus presents a high prevalence and morbimortality. The aim of the present study was to know the number of newly diagnosed diabetic patients in addition to those who present abnormal glucose tolerance and possible presence of associated risk factors., METHODS: This study was carried out in Lejona (Vizcaya) from 1984-1985. The prevalence of non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT) in people older than or equal to 30 years of age by a randomized sample stratified by pyramids of age and sex (n = 862). The following data were collected: age, sex, height, weight, medications taken, family and personal history of diabetes mellitus (DM) and blood pressure. A glycemia curve was made following the criteria recommended by the Committee of Experts of the World Health Organization (WHO)., RESULTS: The prevalence of DM observed in the sample was of 6.4% (confidence interval of 95%: 4.75-8.01%) of which 3.6% corresponded to unknown DM and 2.8% to known DM. The prevalence of AGT was 10.4% (confidence interval 95%: 8.40-12.48%). Greater association was observed between DM and obesity, lower height, high blood pressure and age over 50., CONCLUSIONS: More than half of the diabetics were unaware of the disease. Given the association of non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with modifiable factors (obesity, high blood pressure) control of risk factors would be useful with the aim of decreasing the prevalence of diabetes mellitus and avoid the associated chronic complications of the disease.
The effect of microalbuminuria on glycaemic control, serum lipids and haemostasis parameters in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Microalbuminuria is an important risk factor for cardiovascular disease in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients although the pathogenic mechanism between microalbuminuria and cardiovascular disease has not yet been established. Microalbuminuria in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) patients has been related to abnormalities in haemostasis, poor glycaemic control, disadvantageous alterations in the lipid spectrum and elevated concentrations of lipoprotein(a), another independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease. In this study the interrelations between microalbuminuria and metabolic control, lipoprotein(a), other blood lipids and several haemostasis parameters were studied in 96 NIDDM patients (50 women, 46 men). Forty-three patients showed microalbuminuria. No significant differences were found in blood lipids (Lp(a), serum cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides), glycaemic control (HbA1c) and several haemostasis parameters (factor VII, VIII, fibrin monomer, thrombin-antithrombin III, D-dimer, tissue plasminogen activator antigen and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1) between the micro- and normoalbuminuric subgroups. In the microalbuminuric subgroup increased concentrations for plasminogen and alpha 2-antiplasmin were measured. In general, the presence of microalbuminuria was not associated with significant alterations in glycaemic control, blood lipids or haemostasis parameters in this group of 96 NIDDM patients. Further investigation is required to explain the excess cardiovascular mortality in patients with an elevated urinary albumin excretion rate.
Insulin resistance and insulin secretory dysfunction as precursors of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Prospective studies of Pima Indians.; BACKGROUND: The relative roles of obesity, insulin resistance, insulin secretory dysfunction, and excess hepatic glucose production in the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are controversial. We conducted a prospective study to determine which of these factors predicted the development of the disease in a group of Pima Indians., METHODS: A body-composition assessment, oral and intravenous glucose-tolerance tests, and a hyperinsulinemic--euglycemic clamp study were performed in 200 non-diabetic Pima Indians (87 women and 113 men; mean [+/- SD] age, 26 +/- 6 years). The subjects were followed yearly thereafter for an average of 5.3 years., RESULTS: Diabetes developed in 38 subjects during follow-up. Obesity, insulin resistance (independent of obesity), and low acute plasma insulin response to intravenous glucose (with the degree of obesity and insulin resistance taken into account) were predictors of NIDDM: The six-year cumulative incidence of NIDDM was 39 percent in persons with values below the median for both insulin action and acute insulin response, 27 percent in those with values below the median for insulin action but above that for acute insulin response, 13 percent in those with values above the median for insulin action and below that for acute insulin response, and 0 in those with values originally above the median for both characteristics., CONCLUSIONS: Insulin resistance is a major risk factor for the development of NIDDM: A low acute insulin response to glucose is an additional but weaker risk factor.
Effects of glucose, galactose, and lactose ingestion on the plasma glucose and insulin response in persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Galactose usually is ingested as lactose, which is composed of equimolar amounts of glucose and galactose. The contribution of galactose to the increase in glucose and insulin levels following ingestion of equimolar amounts of galactose and glucose, or lactose, has not been reported in people with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Therefore, we studied the effects of galactose ingestion alone, as well as with glucose either independently or in the form of lactose, in subjects with untreated NIDDM. Eight male subjects with untreated NIDDM ingested 25 g glucose, 25 g galactose with or without 25 g glucose, or 50 g lactose as a breakfast meal in random sequence. They also received 50 g glucose on two occasions as a reference. Water only was given as a control meal. Plasma galactose, glucose, glucagon, alpha-amino nitrogen (AAN), nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), and serum insulin and C-peptide concentrations were determined over a 5-hour period. The integrated area responses were quantified over the 5-hour period using the water control as a baseline. Following ingestion of 25 g galactose, the maximal increase in plasma galactose concentration was 1 mmol/L. The mean maximal increases in plasma galactose concentration following ingestion of 25 g galactose + 25 g glucose or following 50-g lactose meals were similar and were only 12% of that following ingestion of galactose alone (P < .05). The mean galactose area response over the water control for the 25-g galactose meal was 0.95 +/- 0.31 mmol.h/L.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Regional fat distribution and metabolism in a new mouse model (C57BL/6J) of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; It has been suggested that a genetic predisposition and an increased total fat mass, particularly a specific increase in visceral fat, contribute to the metabolic aberrations associated with human non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). In this study, we investigated the interactions between genetic and dietary components on fat distribution and metabolism in two mouse strains, one genetically predisposed to NIDDM (BL/6) and one not (A/J), fed either a chow diet or a high-fat, high-simple carbohydrate (HFHSC) diet for 5 months. As expected, both strains of mice fed a HFHSC diet were heavier, had more fat in both the subcutaneous (inguinal [ING] and visceral (mesenteric [MES]) regions, and had larger fat cells and higher lipoprotein lipase (LPL) activities. The results of interactions between strain and diet showed important differences in fat distribution and metabolism between strains. In comparison with A/J mice, BL/6 mice fed a HFHSC diet developed hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and hypercholesterolemia, were heavier, had more overall fat, and particularly increased their MES adipose tissue. This increase in visceral fat mass was due to an increase in fat cell number. In contrast, BL/6 mice fed a chow diet had less overall fat, a smaller MES fat pad with smaller adipocytes, and lower LPL activity than A/J controls. Significant differences between BL/6 and A/J mice fed either a HFHSC or a chow diet were not observed in ING adipose tissue. These data suggest that in BL/6 mice, changes in the metabolic characteristics of visceral fat seem to be a specific characteristic associated with the genetic predisposition for NIDDM.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Effects of pyrazinoylguanidine on the glucose-fatty acid cycle in normal subjects and patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Pyrazinoylguanidine (PZG) reduced the hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and hyperlipidemia of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) as well as of normal subjects receiving hydrochlorothiazide (HCTZ). Mechanisms are proposed by which PZG downregulated the elevated glucose-fatty acid cycle toward a more normal level in NIDDM patients and in non-diabetic subjects maintained on HCTZ. Despite maintenance of these NIDDM patients on their current antihypertensive medication, PZG reduced further their systolic and diastolic pressures. PZG was well tolerated by both normal and NIDDM patients.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and elevated serum ferritin level.; An elevated serum ferritin concentration recently has been shown to be associated with coronary artery disease and its risk factors, including blood glucose concentration. The purpose of this study is to establish the prevalence of elevated levels of serum ferritin in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) without hemochromatosis and to determine whether or not deferoxamine is of therapeutic value in treating such patients. The level of serum ferritin was measured in consecutive eligible patients with NIDDM seen at routine outpatient visits. Five patients with an elevated serum ferritin were treated with deferoxamine, 1 g intramuscularly, twice a week for 12 weeks. The level of serum ferritin was measured every 4 weeks, and the level of glycosylated hemoglobin was measured at baseline, at the end of the treatment, and 12 weeks after treatment was completed. The level of serum ferritin was elevated in 34 of 102 (33%) patients with NIDDM. The level of serum ferritin remained elevated in 30 of 32 (94%) of these patients on repeat testing. In three of the five patients treated with deferoxamine, the level of serum ferritin was normalized, but no patient had an appreciable change in dosage of medication for diabetes or glycemic control. Non-insulin-dependent diabetes is a condition frequently associated with elevated levels of serum ferritin. Treatment with deferoxamine intramuscularly was not effective in improving control of glucose in our patient group.
Apolipoprotein E phenotype is related to macro- and microangiopathy in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The role of apoliprotein E (apo E) in modulating the susceptibility of individuals with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) to atherosclerotic vascular disease was studied in 143 male and 128 female patients with NIDDM. The data show that the apolipoprotein phenotype E2 somehow protects from macrovascular complications in NIDDM both in men and women. E2 also tends to protect from microvascular complications. In contrast, apo E phenotypes E4/4 and E4/3 tend to increase the risk for macroangiopathy in NIDDM patients. The lower prevalence of macroangiopathy in the subjects with E2 was associated with lower plasma total and LDL cholesterol concentrations and low plasma lipoprotein(a) levels. Overall, this study demonstrates the role of the apo E phenotype to modulate the risk for diabetic complications in patients with NIDDM. The confirmation of the association of apo E polymorphism with diabetic complications warrants, however, long-term follow-up studies.
[Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus increases early mortality due to acute myocardial infarct].; Previous reports suggest that morbidity and mortality post acute myocardial infarction (AMI) are increased in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM). To obtain information in our population related to the prognosis after an AMI in diabetic patients and its major determinants, we studied 96 NIDDM patients admitted consecutively with a diagnosis of AMI. We used a control group (CG) of age and sex matched non-diabetic individuals. Patients with NIDDM had more frequently a history of angina (40 vs 23%, p < 0.001) and previous MI (30 vs 15%, p < 0.05). The AMI localization and extension, and the presence of arrhythmias were similar for both groups. Early mortality after the AMI was 22% in the NIDDM group and 12% in the CG with Odds ratio of 1.9 (CI 95% 0.91-5.15), being higher in diabetic females [2.3 (CI 95% 0.77-14.6) vs female CG and 1.5 (CI 95% 0.8-7.6) vs male NIDDM]. Extended MIs predicted higher mortality rate, especially among NIDDM patients (p < 0.05). Stepwise logistic regression test supported diabetes mellitus, per se, as a major contributor for mortality (p < 0.02), followed by MI localization and extension. The worst outcome was in NIDDM female patients of advanced age and hypertensive (p < 0.00001).
Efficacy and safety of gliclazide in the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a Canadian multicenter study.; A postmarketing study involving 114 office practices provides the largest body of clinical experience to date in Canada with the second-generation sulfonylurea gliclazide in the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). This study focused on efficacy and safety in 411 NIDDM patients. Subjects included patients whose disease was not controlled by diet alone or by diet plus an antidiabetic drug. The dose of gliclazide was 80 mg/day to 320 mg/day. Patients were treated for 3 months, with monthly evaluations. Fasting and 2-hour blood glucose and glycated hemoglobin levels were measured before and after the study period, with all values showing a significant decrease (P = 0.01). Total cholesterol and triglyceride levels also decreased significantly during the study (P = 0.05). Adverse effects were recorded in 30 (7.3%) of patients and led to the withdrawal of 1.2% from the study. Hypoglycemia symptoms were less frequently encountered with gliclazide than with previous treatments (P = 0.001). Gliclazide was found to be safe and well tolerated in the majority of patients. The results of this study appear to confirm the established efficacy of gliclazide in treating NIDDM.
Possible compensatory role of parathyroid hormone-related peptide on maintenance of calcium homeostasis in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Recent studies have revealed that altered mineral and vitamin D metabolism is observed in diabetic patients with the complication of osteopenia. In order to elucidate the role of parathyroid hormone-related peptide (PTHrP) on calcium homeostasis in diabetes, we have measured the serum level and urinary excretion of PTHrP as well as other serum calcium-regulating hormones in 106 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 43 control subjects. The serum concentration of intact PTH was 2.34 +/- 0.13 (mean +/- SEM) pmol/l in NIDDM patients, which is significantly lower than the value of 3.11 +/- 0.14 pmol/l in the controls (p < 0.01). Both serum calcium and calcitonin, however, were not statistically different from controls. On the other hand, circulating PTHrP in NIDDM was 40.1 +/- 1.4 pmol/l, which is significantly elevated when compared to 27.3 +/- 1.3 pmol/l in the controls (p < 0.01). Moreover, urinary excretion of PTHrP also was significantly higher in NIDDM (p < 0.01). In the present study, the circulating calcium level was well preserved in NIDDM patients, although the PTH levels were shown to be decreased. The elevated serum PTHrP might, therefore, have a physiologically compensatory role on the calcium regulatory systems in NIDDM. Furthermore, this elevation is most likely due to the excess production of this peptide and not to the decrease in urinary excretion.
Cardiovascular autonomic dysfunction in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and its relation to renal dysfunction.; To investigate the relationship between cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy and nephropathy in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), 45 patients underwent noninvasive cardiovascular reflex tests, including the Valsalva ratio, the 30:15 ratio and postural changes in systolic blood pressure (delta SBP), along with measurement of creatinine clearance (CCr) and daily protein excretion (DPE). Clinical symptoms in 30 patients were also noted and correlated with the results of the autonomic function tests. Thirty-four normal subjects underwent the same cardiovascular reflex tests and served as controls. The results showed that NIDDM patients had a significantly lower 30:15 ratio than normal subjects. However, no significant difference in either the Valsalva ratio or delta SBP was found between diabetic patients and controls. A positive correlation between the 30:15 ratio and CCr, but not DPE, was noted in diabetics. Although abnormal cardiovascular reflex tests appeared in patients who had no autonomic symptoms, abnormal test results were not parallel with the severity of symptoms. These results show that NIDDM patients have poorer cardiovascular autonomic function which may precede the appearance of autonomic symptoms. The 30:15 ratio was weakly correlated with CCr and this suggests that the incidence of cardiovascular dysfunction increases as the renal functional reserve decreases.
Aminoacid polymorphisms of insulin receptor substrate-1 in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Since relative or absolute insulin deficiency and insulin insensitivity are involved in the aetiology of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we examined whether patients with NIDDM exhibit genetic variability in the coding region of insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1), a candidate gene that is ubiquitous in insulin-sensitive and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1) sensitive tissues, including those that determine glucose production and clearance and those with regulatory effects on pancreatic beta-cell function. IRS-1 has a central role as an adaptor molecule that links the insulin-receptor and IGF1-receptor kinases with enzymes that regulate cellular metabolism and growth. Single-stranded conformation polymorphism analysis and direct nucleotide sequencing were applied to genomic DNA from 86 unrelated patients with NIDDM and 76 normoglycaemic controls. 10 of the patients with NIDDM and 3 of the controls were heterozygous at codon 972 for a polymorphism in which glycine was substituted with arginine. Moreover, at codon 513, 6 patients with NIDDM and 2 controls had a heterozygous polymorphism with a transition from alanine to proline. None of the polymorphism carriers had both aminoacid variants and the total allelic frequency of IRS-1 polymorphisms was about three times higher in patients with NIDDM than in controls (p = 0.02). Both aminoacid substitutions were located close to tyrosine phosphorylation motifs that are putative recognition sites for insulin and IGF1 signal transmission proteins. Analysis of the phenotypes showed that patients with NIDDM who had IRS-1 variants did not differ in their degree of insulin resistance compared with patients without known IRS-1 polymorphisms. However, carriers of the codon 972 variant had significantly lower plasma levels of fasting insulin and C-peptide. Our results suggest that aminoacid polymorphisms in IRS-1 may be involved in the aetiology of a subset of late-onset NIDDM.
Limited joint mobility of the hand: prevalence and relation to chronic complications in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.; A total of 170 non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients admitted to Kaohsiung Chang Gung Memorial Hospital during the period from January 1988 to December 1989 were examined for the presence of cheiroarthropathy. Fifty-four percent (92 patients) had limited joint mobility (LJM) of the hand, a prevalence significantly higher than that of non-diabetic controls (7%). Duration of diabetes was positively related to the severity of LJM (p = 0.03, chi-square contingency table). Chronic diabetic complications such as cataracts (p = 0.04) and overt proteinuria (p = 0.03) were also associated with the presence of LJM, and diabetic retinopathy (p = 0.007); vision-threatening retinopathy was strongly associated with the presence of LJM (p = 0.0002). The sex ratio, HbA1c and creatinine clearance rates did not show significant differences between patients with and without LJM. In conclusion, the occurrence of LJM of the hand in NIDDM patients observed at this hospital is common and is often accompanied by other chronic diabetic complications. Its presence should alert physicians to other associated diabetic complications with increased morbidity and mortality.
[Use of glurenorm in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and liver diseases].; Due to its pharmacokinetics, glurenorm (95% of the drug metabolite is withdrawn from the body with the bile) is widely used in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with disturbed renal function. It seemed that, bearing in mind the relationship between glurenorm elimination and liver function, this drug use in patients with NIDDM patients with liver diseases should be restricted. The aim of the present research was to study glurenorm effect on liver function. Eighteen patients with NIDDM and liver diseases, administered glurenorm, were followed up. No clinical or laboratory deterioration on the part of the liver were detected over the course of follow-up. The results evidence no negative effects of glurenorm on the kidneys or liver, therefore the drug may be used in the treatment of NIDDM patients with liver abnormalities.
Exercise therapy of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus a report of 10 year studies. The efficacy of exercise therapy.; The effect of a physical training course of 1-2 month duration using cycloergometer with the intensity of VO2 max 60%, 30 min per day was observed in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. The results showed a decrease of plasma glucose and insulin levels, sigma PG and sigma IRI and an improvement of blood lipid constitution. These were accompanied by a decreased erythrocyte insulin receptor binding rate and a reduction of receptor binding sites of both high and low affinity receptors.
Glomerular lesions in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and microalbuminuria.; To evaluate the renal structural changes in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we studied the renal histological findings and urinary albumin excretion in 75 patients with NIDDM. They were divided into two groups according to excretion of urinary albumin: 40 cases of normoalbuminuria and 35 cases of microalbuminuria. Renal biopsy specimens were evaluated by light microscopy. Diffuse glomerular lesions were graded on a scale of D0 through DIV (Gellman's criteria). The incidence of microalbuminuria was 19.2% in D0, 53.3% in DI, 61.5% in DII and 100% in DIII. Grade IV lesions were not present in either group. Creatinine clearance differed significantly between the groups with and without microalbuminuria. There was no difference between the groups with normoalbuminuria and microalbuminuria in the incidence of retinopathy and hypertension, or in the urinary excretion of beta 2MG and NAG. We conclude that microalbuminuria in NIDDM indicates the early morphological changes of glomerular lesions.
[The prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and the associated risk factors in a population of Mexico, D. F].; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a chronic disabling disease, that shortens length of life and implies a high burden for a community. Its prevalence goes from 0 per cent in Papua, New Guinea to 34 per cent in Pima Indians. There are very few prevalence studies in Mexico, and the strength of association of the known risk factors with the occurrence of the disease is not established. A prevalence cross sectional study was carried out with users of a first level medical care unit, with a meter measure of capillary glucose levels. Those with a previous diagnosis of diabetes or whose capillary glucose level were 200 mg or over were considered diabetics. Hyperglycemia was when the levels were recorded between 121 and 199 mg. The crude prevalence of NIDDM was 5.6 per cent (CI 95% 4.5-6.8), With almost no sex difference. Hyperglycemia prevalence was 2.9 per cent (CI 95% 2.0-3.7). Age was the main risk factor for the development of NIDDM. Those between 40 and 59 years showed a high risk (OR 10.8; CI 95% 5.4-22.0; p < 0.0001), and it was greater for the 60 years or elder (OR 20.6; CI 95% 9.8-44.1; p < 0.0001). Weight was also an important risk factor, with a 2.7 fold greater risk for obese persons (CI 95% 1.6-4.6; p < 0.0001). Other, risk factors were familiar history of diabetes (OR 1.5; CI 95% 0.9-2.3; p = 0.096), and overcrowding (OR 1.9; CI 95% 1.0-3.4; p = 0.03). In order to analyze independently each variable, a logistic regression model was applied, and a similar strength of association was observed for the crude model, but for obesity whose effect was modified by age. When only new cases were analyzed in the former model, the association with obesity was maintained. There is a need to develop prevalence studies of NIDDM in Mexico and to measure the strength of association with the known and the not jet well known risk factors of this disease in order to establish health policies according to the Mexican reality.
Increased lipolysis and its consequences on gluconeogenesis in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The present studies were undertaken to determine whether lipolysis was increased in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and, if so, to assess the influence of increased glycerol availability on its conversion to glucose and its contribution to the increased gluconeogenesis found in this condition. For this purpose, we infused nine subjects with NIDDM and 16 age-, weight-matched nondiabetic volunteers with [2-3H] glucose and [U-14C] glycerol and measured their rates of glucose and glycerol appearance in plasma and their rates of glycerol incorporation into plasma glucose. The rate of glycerol appearance, an index of lipolysis, was increased 1.5-fold in NIDDM subjects (2.85 +/- 0.16 vs. 1.62 +/- 0.08 mumol/kg per min, P less than 0.001). Glycerol incorporation into plasma glucose was increased threefold in NIDDM subjects (1.13 +/- 1.10 vs. 0.36 +/- 0.02 mumol/kg per min, P less than 0.01) and accounted for twice as much of hepatic glucose output (6.0 +/- 0.5 vs. 3.0 +/- 0.2%, P less than 0.001). Moreover, the percent of glycerol turnover used for gluconeogenesis (77 +/- 6 vs. 44 +/- 2, P less than 0.001) was increased in NIDDM subjects and, for a given plasma glycerol concentration, glycerol gluconeogenesis was increased more than two-fold. The only experimental variable significantly correlated with the increased glycerol gluconeogenesis after taking glycerol availability into consideration was the plasma free fatty acid concentration (r = 0.80, P less than 0.01). We, therefore, conclude that lipolysis is increased in NIDDM and, although more glycerol is thus available, increased activity of the intrahepatic pathway for conversion of glycerol into glucose, due at least in part to increased plasma free fatty acids, is the predominant mechanism responsible for enhanced glycerol gluconeogenesis. Finally, although gluconeogenesis from glycerol in NIDDM is comparable to that of alanine and about one-fourth that of lactate is terms of overall flux into glucose, glycerol is probably the most important gluconeogenic precursor in NIDDM in terms of adding new carbons to the glucose pool.
Acid cholesteryl ester hydrolase activity of mononuclear leukocytes in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: studies before and after treatment of diabetes.; The change of acid cholesteryl ester hydrolase activity in mononuclear leukocyte following treatment of diabetes mellitus was studied in 21 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Enzyme activity before treatment in the patients was significantly lower than that in 14 age-matched healthy subjects (1.20 +/- 0.15; mean +/- S.E. vs. 2.20 +/- 0.17 nmol/mg protein/h, P less than 0.01). Enzyme activity before treatment in the patients was significantly increased (P less than 0.05) after 4-8 weeks of treatment. However, enzyme activity of 1.43 +/- 0.14 nmol/mg protein/h observed after treatment in the patients was significantly lower (P less than 0.01) than that in the healthy subjects. There was a significant negative correlation between enzyme activity before treatment and the increase in enzyme activity following treatment (rs = -0.555, P less than 0.01, n = 21). These results indicate that low level of enzyme activity may be insufficiently improved by the treatment of diabetes, and the risk for the development of atherosclerosis as viewed from the enzyme activity may persist even after the treatment in NIDDM.
Parity and incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; PURPOSE: To examine prospectively the association between parity and subsequent incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Most previous studies have not controlled for potential confounding by age and obesity., PATIENTS AND METHODS: In a prospective cohort study, 113,606 United States registered nurses aged 30 to 55 years and free of diagnosed diabetes, coronary heart disease, stroke, and cancer at baseline were followed for 12 years. Endpoint was incidence of confirmed NIDDM., RESULTS: During 1,278,188 person-years of follow-up, we confirmed 2,310 incident cases of NIDDM. An apparent association between parity and diabetes was observed in unadjusted analyses (relative risk = 1.56 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.27 to 1.91] among women with six or more births compared with that in nulliparous women) (p, trend less than 0.00001). This association was attenuated after adjustment for age (relative risk = 1.19 [CI 0.97 to 1.48], p, trend = 0.06) and was completely abolished after adjustment for both age and body mass index (relative risk = 0.95 [CI 0.75 to 1.19], p, trend = 0.19). Multivariate adjustment for family history of diabetes, age at first birth, hormone use, and other variables did not materially alter these findings. There was no important modifying effect of family history of diabetes on these associations., CONCLUSIONS: Despite a temporary diabetogenic effect of pregnancy, parity is not associated with an increased risk of subsequent clinical NIDDM. These data underscore the importance of control for confounding by age and obesity in evaluating these associations.
Plasma non-cholesterol sterols in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Plasma plant sterol concentrations (an index of cholesterol absorption efficiency) and plasma lathosterol concentration (an index of cholesterol synthesis rate) were measured in 52 patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 36 non-diabetic controls. Plasma plant sterol concentrations were significantly (P less than 0.01) lower in diabetic patients (campesterol: men -36%, women -48%; betasitosterol: men -35%, women -42%). Fasting serum insulin levels were inversely correlated with plasma plant sterol concentrations in diabetic patients (campesterol: r = -0.347, P = 0.012; betasitosterol: r = -0.345, P = 0.012) and in non-diabetic men (campesterol: r = -0.578, P = 0.039; betasitosterol: r = -0.702, P = 0.008). Serum insulin levels were also correlated significantly with plasma lathosterol concentration in diabetic patients (r = 0.295, P = 0.034). The results of this study suggest that absorption of plant sterols and possibly cholesterol from the diet may be reduced in hyperinsulinemic diabetics.
Glucose tolerance and insulin response in parents of patients with insulin-dependent and juvenile-onset non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Glucose tolerance and insulin response were examined using a 100 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in 108 parents of 23 patients with insulin-dependent (IDDM) and 31 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), whose age of onset of diabetes was less than 35 years. Thirty-two age-matched healthy volunteers without a family history of diabetes were also examined as a control group. Diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) were significantly more frequent in parents of NIDDM (diabetes 34%, IGT 27%) than in parents of IDDM (diabetes 7%, IGT 13%) (P less than 0.001). At least one parent had diabetes or IGT in 30% of IDDM and 84% of NIDDM patients (P less than 0.001), and both parents had diabetes or IGT in 9% of IDDM and 39% of NIDDM patients (P less than 0.02). Even in cases with 'normal' glucose tolerance, the mean plasma glucose was higher in parents of NIDDM than in control subjects, suggesting a high prevalence of abnormal glucose tolerance including the marginal degree of abnormality in the families of NIDDM. The early phase insulin response was decreased more among parents of NIDDM with the greater impairment of glucose tolerance. However, among those with 'normal' glucose tolerance, early phase insulin response did not differ between parents of IDDM and NIDDM, and control subjects. The results confirmed a stronger familial background in NIDDM patients of younger onset than in IDDM. The different patterns of glucose tolerance among two parents of young-onset NIDDM patients suggest heterogeneity of the mode of inheritance of NIDDM among families.
A variant insulin promoter in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To test the hypothesis that alterations in regulatory regions of the insulin gene occur in a subset of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), the promoter region was studied by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) amplification directly from genomic DNA, followed by high-resolution polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis under nondenaturing conditions. By using this method a previously identified HincII polymorphism (GTTGAC to GTTGAG at position-56) in American Blacks was readily detected, indicating that single base changes could be observed. In the course of screening the insulin promoter from 40 American Black subjects with NIDDM, an apparent larger allele was found in two individuals. Both patients were shown to have in addition to a normal allele, a larger allele containing an 8-bp repeat, TGGTCTAA from positions -322 to -315 of the insulin promoter. To facilitate rapid screening for the 8-bp repeat, a high-resolution agarose gel electrophoretic analysis was adopted. DNA from American Black NIDDM subjects (n = 100) and nondiabetic subjects (n = 100) was PCR amplified and analyzed. The 8-bp repeat was present in five NIDDM subjects, and one nondiabetic subject. DNA from Mauritius Creoles, also of African ancestry, was analyzed, and the 8-bp repeat was present in 3 of 41 NIDDM subjects, and 0 of 41 nondiabetic subjects. Analysis of glucose metabolism in three presumed normal sibs of an NIDDM patient with an 8-bp repeat revealed that one sib had overt diabetes, and two sibs were glucose intolerant, but there was no consistent segregation of the insulin promoter variant with the diabetes phenotype. The variant promoter was not present in 35 Caucasian NIDDM patients or in 40 Pima Indians. To test the biological consequences of the 8-bp repeat sequence in the insulin promoter, a normal and variant promoter were subcloned into a luciferase plasmid, and reporter gene activity assessed by transient transfection into mouse insulinoma (beta TC1) and hamster insulinoma (HIT) cells. The promoter activity of the variant allele was found to be reduced to 37.9 +/- 10.3% of the activity of the normal promoter in HIT cells (P less than 0.01, n = 4), and 49.1 +/- 6.4% in beta TC1 cells (P less than 0.01, n = 6). These data thus suggest that a naturally occurring variant of the insulin promoter may contribute to the diabetes phenotype in 5-6% of Black NIDDM patients.
31P nuclear magnetic resonance measurements of muscle glucose-6-phosphate. Evidence for reduced insulin-dependent muscle glucose transport or phosphorylation activity in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To assess the rate-limiting step in muscle glycogen synthesis in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), the concentration of glucose-6-phosphate (G6P) was measured by 31P nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) during a hyperglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp. Six subjects with NIDDM and six age weight-matched controls were studied at similar steady-state plasma concentrations of insulin (approximately 450 pmol/liter) and glucose (11 mmol/liter). The concentration of G6P in the gastrocnemius muscle was measured by 31P NMR. Whole-body oxidative and nonoxidative glucose metabolism was determined by the insulin-glucose clamp technique in conjunction with indirect calorimetry. Nonoxidative glucose metabolism which under these conditions is a measure of muscle glycogen synthesis (1990. N. Engl. J. Med. 322:223-228), was 31 +/- 7 mumol/(kg body wt-min) in the normal subjects and 13 +/- 3 mumol/(kg body wt-min) in the NIDDM subjects (P less than 0.05). The concentration of G6P was higher (0.24 +/- 0.02 mmol/kg muscle) in the normal subjects than in the NIDDM subjects (0.17 +/- 0.02, P less than 0.01). Increasing insulin concentrations to insulin 8,500 pmol/liter in four NIDDM subjects restored the glucose uptake rate and G6P concentrations to normal levels. In conclusion, the lower concentration of G6P in the diabetic subjects despite a decreased rate of nonoxidative glucose metabolism is consistent with a defect in muscle glucose transport or phosphorylation reducing the rate of muscle glycogen synthesis.
Close linkage of glucokinase locus on chromosome 7p to early-onset non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a major health problem, affecting 5% of the world population. Genetic factors are important in NIDDM, but the mechanisms leading to glucose intolerance are unknown. Genetic linkage has been investigated in multigeneration families to localize, and ultimately identify, the gene(s) predisposing to NIDDM. Here we report linkage between the glucokinase locus on chromosome 7p and diabetes in 16 French families with maturity-onset diabetes of the young, a form of NIDDM characterized by monogenic autosomal dominant transmission and early age of onset. Statistical evidence of genetic heterogeneity was significant, with an estimated 45-95% of the 16 families showing linkage to glucokinase. Because glucokinase is a key enzyme of blood glucose homeostasis, these results are evidence that a gene involved in glucose metabolism could be implicated in the pathogenesis of NIDDM.
Long-term effects of glipizide on insulin secretion and blood glucose control in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Of 23 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), whose fasting blood glucose had not reached less than or equal to 6.0 mmol.l-1 after 10 weeks of dietary regulation, 15, who had had a weight reduction of -2.8 kg by dietary control, did achieve a fasting blood glucose less than or equal to 6.0 mmol.l-1 after addition of less than or equal to 20 mg glipizide daily. They had a sustained (greater than or equal to 2 years) increase in meal-induced insulin secretion (32% increase in postprandial C-peptide AUC), and a sustained reduction in postprandial hyperglycaemia (34% reduction in AUC). Ten of the patients took a mean daily dose less than 5 mg (4.8 mg) and had a sustained increase in insulin secretion rate (increased C-peptide slope). The 15 patients had no elevation of basal insulin secretion and no impairment of weight reduction. The remaining 8 subjects, who showed little or no weight reduction on dietary control, had little or no reduction in fasting blood glucose despite long-term treatment with 20 mg glipizide daily, a less sustained increase in meal-induced insulin secretion, a smaller reduction of postprandial hyperglycaemia, and an increase in body weight. On diagnosis the 8 subjects did not differ from the other 15 subjects in age, body weight, blood glucose, HbA1c, C-peptide or insulin, nor in their glucose and insulin responses to a test dose of glipizide; the main reason for the apparent drug failure appeared to be deficient compliance with dietary regulation rather than a primary inability to respond to sulphonylurea treatment.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Plasma islet amyloid polypeptide levels in obesity, impaired glucose tolerance and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We examined the response of plasma islet amyloid polypeptide (IAPP) to an oral glucose load in non-obese and obese subjects with normal glucose tolerance or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and in non-obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Plasma IAPP response to intravenous glucagon injection in NIDDM patients was also studied. Plasma IAPP concentration was determined by a sensitive and specific radioimmunoassay. Basal levels of plasma IAPP in non-obese subjects with normal glucose tolerance, IGT and NIDDM were not significantly different from each other. Non-obese subjects with IGT showed delayed and higher plasma IAPP response to oral glucose load compared to normal non-obese subjects. In NIDDM patients, IAPP response to glucose was delayed and lower when compared to normal non-obese subjects. Basal levels of plasma IAPP in normal obese subjects and obese subjects with IGT were significantly higher than those in normal non-obese subjects. Plasma IAPP response to glucose load in these obese subjects was higher than that in normal non-obese subjects. Plasma IAPP response was decreased in diabetic patients treated with diet, oral hypoglycemic agents and insulin in that order. We conclude that the secretion of IAPP is reduced with progression of NIDDM, although it appears to be rather augmented in IGT compared to normal non-obese subjects.
Influence of morbid obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus on high-density lipoprotein composition and subpopulation distribution.; The chemical composition, subpopulation distribution and peak hydrated density of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) were examined in 18 morbidly obese women with either normal glucose tolerance or with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and in 15 age-matched lean control subjects. Similar measurements were made in the morbidly obese subjects after gastric bypass surgery for weight loss. In the diabetic group, HDL was relatively protein-enriched and cholesterol- and cholesterol ester-poor compared with the lean controls. The same trend was seen in the nondiabetic group, although the cholesterol ester difference was not significant. In both cases, both electrophoretic and density gradient analysis showed that plasma HDL contained more of the HDL3 and less of the HDL2 subfractions than that for the lean controls. Following surgery in the diabetic group, the protein percentage of HDL decreased, and that of cholesterol ester increased; for the nondiabetic group, the protein decreased and phospholipid increased. In the diabetic group, a shift of the electrophoretic HDL subpopulation distribution toward more HDL2 accompanied these changes. Average hydrated peak density of HDL shifted from the HDL3 to the HDL2 range for the diabetic group following surgery; for the nondiabetic group the peak density also decreased but still remained within the HDL3 range. In all cases, the differences seen were more pronounced among the diabetic patients. These changes in the properties of HDL after gastric bypass surgery may favorably influence the risk for coronary heart disease usually associated with diabetes.
Effect of pravastatin on serum lipids, apolipoproteins and lipoprotein (a) in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; In 43 patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) associated with hypercholesterolemia, the effect of pravastatin, a potent HMG CoA-reductase inhibitor, on serum lipids, apolipoproteins and lipoprotein (a) was examined. After 1 to 3 months administration of 10 mg per day of pravastatin, the serum levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were significantly decreased, while the serum level of high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) was significantly increased in patients with NIDDM. The levels of apolipoproteins B (apo B) and E were significantly decreased, while apolipoprotein AI (apo A-I) was not changed by the administration of pravastatin. The atherogenic indices (LDL-C/HDL-C and apo B/apo A-I) were significantly decreased by the administration of this drug. The serum lipoprotein (a), which was increased in the diabetic patients, was not affected by the pravastatin treatment. Plasma glucose and hemoglobin A1c levels were not affected by the treatment. We concluded that pravastatin is a potentially useful agent in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia in patients with NIDDM.
An electron microscopic study of glomeruli in Japanese patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Renal biopsy specimens of 29 Japanese non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients were examined by quantitative electron microscopic morphometry. In NIDDM the relative increase of percent total mesangium and mesangial capillary surface density (S/Vb) and the relative decrease of peripheral capillary surface density (S/Va) were compared with disease controls. However, mesangial-GBM-epithelial surface density (S/Vc) was not different between both groups. These results suggest that the increased mesangial matrix expands directly towards the capillary lumen as well as along the inner surface of GBM, and narrows the capillary lumen and filtration surface. The duration of diabetes mellitus (DM) did not correlate with all morphological parameters. The mesangial expansion correlated with urinary protein excretion and decreased creatinine clearance (CCr). GBM thickening correlated with proteinuria, but not with CCr. The degree of these morphological changes could be the indicators of hypertension of NIDDM patients. Areas of thin GBM were occasionally noticed in glomeruli which revealed thick GBM extensively, although the mechanism of GBM thinning is not known at the present time.
Autonomic neuropathies in skin and its incidence in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The autonomic function of nerve fibres was investigated with the newly developed hyperthermal Laser-Doppler-Flowmetry in 45 patients suffering from Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (NIDDM). They were divided into 3 groups depending on the duration of NIDDM. Group A contained a duration of 1-3 years, group B 4-5 years and group C 5-6 years. All groups showed a dysfunction of autonomic nerve fibres: in group A there were 4 of 11 patients, in group B 2 of 13 and in group C no patients with values within the normal ranges. So autonomic neuropathies of skin seem to be one of the earliest complications in NIDDM
Association of sexual activity and bacteriuria in women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; A group of 215 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) (147 women and 68 men) were selected by home interview, and accepted to undergo clinical examination including urine culture, in order to determine the frequency of bacteriuria and its possible associations with clinical and laboratory findings. Bacteriuria was found in 17.7% of women and 1.5% of men. Univariate and multivariate analysis performed for the group of women revealed sexual intercourse and pyuria as the only factors associated with the frequency of bacteriuria. It was concluded that asymptomatic bacteriuria may be associated with sexual activity in women with NIDDM.
Characterization of the insulin resistance in liver cirrhosis: a comparison with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; To characterize the mechanisms of insulin resistance in liver cirrhosis (LC), we estimated the peripheral tissue sensitivity and responsiveness to insulin using the euglycemic clamp technique and determined the insulin binding to erythrocytes in patients with compensated LC as well as in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The insulin dose-response curves of the glucose metabolic clearance rates (MCR) were shifted to the right and downward both in patients with LC and NIDDM, indicating a reduced sensitivity and responsiveness to insulin. In the cirrhotics, MCR at the maximally effective insulin level, an index of insulin responsiveness, was correlated with fasting insulin levels (r = -0.57, P < 0.01) and sigma BG in 75 gOGTT (r = -0.43, P < 0.05), but no correlations were found between them and the diabetics. Although specific insulin bindings to erythrocytes were significantly lower in patients both with LC and NIDDM, Scatchard analysis revealed a significant decrease in the number of insulin receptors in the cirrhotics, and a decrease in the empty-site affinity in the diabetics. These findings suggest that insulin resistance in LC consists of a combination of binding and postbinding defects. The latter defect may be caused by basal hyperinsulinemia and contribute to the development of glucose intolerance. Although binding and postbinding abnormalities are also found in NIDDM, the mechanisms of insulin resistance in LC and NIDDM may be different.
The inter-relationships between albuminuria, plasma albumin concentration and indices of glycaemic control in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We studied the relationship between albuminuria (measured as albumin/creatinine ratio (alb/Cr) in a random urine sample) and measures of glycaemic control (fructosamine, HbA1 and glucose) in 470 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Albumin excretion was in the microalbuminuric range (alb/Cr ratio > 5.4-40.3) in 112 (23.8%) and in the macroalbuminuric range (alb/Cr ratio > 40.3 mg/mmol) in 89 patients (18.9%). Fourteen percent (n = 67) of patients had a normal plasma HbA1 (< or = 8.5%) while 27% (n = 127) had a normal plasma fructosamine concentration (< or = 2.2 mmol/l). Using stepwise multiple regression analysis, plasma fructosamine concentration was found to be independently and negatively associated with urine albumin/creatinine ratio (B = 0.24, P < 0.006) in the macroalbuminuric group. Further analysis of the relationship between plasma albumin concentration and indices of glycaemic control showed that plasma albumin concentration correlated negatively with random plasma glucose concentration in the normoalbuminuric patients (r = -0.16, P = 0.008) but not in microalbuminuric or macroalbuminuric groups. HbA1 was not correlated with plasma albumin concentration. Our results indicate that albuminuria has an effect on the plasma fructosamine concentration which is independent of plasma albumin concentration.
[Gastric and hematologic changes in patients with gastric parietal cell autoantibodies and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].; Gastric abnormalities are more common in diabetics than in the normal population. They seem to be related to gastric parietal cell autoantibodies (GPCA). We have studied 168 patients affected with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and assessed the GPCA in the serum and haematologic disorders. We have also assessed the endoscopic and histological findings of atrophic gastritis in patients with GPCA. GPCA were found in 15.74% of diabetic patients and in 2% of a control group of blood donors. 80% of GPCA positive patients showed signs of atrophic gastritis. Such presence of GPCA seems to be a good marker to identify patients affected by atrophic gastritis and its complications.
Close relationship between microalbuminuria and insulin resistance in essential hypertension and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; The aim of this study was to investigate the relationships among insulin resistance and albumin excretion rate in 25 nondiabetic patients with essential hypertension and in 28 patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Two groups of healthy subjects matched for age, sex, and weight served as controls. Patients with essential hypertension were divided into two subgroups: without (H1) and with (H2) microalbuminuria. Diabetic patients were divided into four subgroups: those with normoalbuminuria without (NIDDM1) and with (NIDDM2) hypertension and those with microalbuminuria without (NIDDM3) and with (NIDDM4) hypertension. Whole-body glucose utilization during euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp (40 mU/m2/min insulin infusion) was calculated by tracer dilution techniques (6,6 2H2 glucose tracer continuous infusion) and was significantly lower in hypertensives with microalbuminuria than in those without (H2 versus H1 versus controls: 3.41 +/- 0.51 versus 6.52 +/- 0.62 versus 7.03 +/- 0.48 mg/kg/min; mean +/- SE). Whole-body glucose utilization in NIDDM patients--NIDDM4 versus NIDDM3 versus NIDDM2 versus NIDDM1 versus controls--was: 1.86 +/- 0.31 versus 2.21 +/- 0.39 versus 2.01 +/- 0.40 versus 5.98 +/- 0.77 versus 5.52 +/- 0.92 mg/kg/min (mean +/- SE). Whereas the first three subgroups did not differ among themselves, they had significantly lower glucose utilization than did the normotensive NIDDM1 patients without microalbuminuria and nondiabetic controls (P < 0.01). Hypertensives with microalbuminuria had higher Vmax of sodium-lithium countertransport (Na/Li CTT) in red blood cells than did both hypertensives without microalbuminuria and controls. It was also observed that NIDDM patients with microalbuminuria had higher Vmax of Na/Li CTT than did NIDDM patients without microalbuminuria and controls.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Sex differences in osteoporosis in older adults with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the association of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with bone mineral density (BMD)., DESIGN: A survey of men and women from an established epidemiologic cohort who were separately screened for diabetes by oral glucose tolerance test between 1984 and 1987 and for osteopenia by BMD measured in 1988-1989., SETTING: A community-based population of older adults, Rancho Bernardo, Calif., PARTICIPANTS: The first 627 consecutively seen white men and women aged 55 to 88 years., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Bone density measured by single photon absorptiometry at the ultradistal wrist and midradius and by dual x-ray absorptiometry at the femoral neck and lumbar spine., MAIN RESULTS: Among the 236 men and 391 women, whose average age was 72 years, 41 men and 39 women had NIDDM, 56 men and 110 women had impaired glucose tolerance, and 139 men and 242 women had normal glucose tolerance. Men with diabetes had BMD levels similar to those men with normal glucose tolerance, whereas women with diabetes had significantly higher BMD levels at all sites than women with normal glucose tolerance. The increased bone density in diabetic women was unexplained by age, obesity, cigarette smoking, alcohol intake, regular physical activity, and the use of diuretics and estrogen. The multiply adjusted mean BMD in women with NIDDM compared with normoglycemic women was 0.600 g/cm2 vs 0.548 g/cm2 at the midradius; 0.265 g/cm2 vs 0.230 g/cm2 at the ultradistal wrist; 0.654 g/cm2 vs 0.610 g/cm2 at the femoral neck; and 0.962 g/cm2 vs 0.859 g/cm2 at the spine. The sex differences were unexplained by survivor bias, prior obesity, or duration of diabetes. Differences were seen in women (but not men) whose diabetes was first detected at the screening evaluation, ie, before drug or dietary treatment. Similarly, in women (but not men) without diabetes increasing BMD levels at all four sites were associated with increasing postchallenge glucose levels independent of age and body mass index., CONCLUSIONS: Older women with NIDDM or hyperglycemia had better BMD than women with normal glucose tolerance, independent of differences in obesity and many other risk factors. No differences in bone density by diabetic status were observed in men. We hypothesize that the sex differences may be explained by the greater androgenicity reported in women with hyperglycemic and hyperinsulinemic conditions.
Short- and long-term gliclazide effects on pancreatic islet cell function and hepatic insulin extraction in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Nine non-obese males with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were evaluated before and after 3 and 12 months (6 patients) treatment with the second generation hypoglycemic sulfonylurea: gliclazide. They underwent an oral glucose tolerance test, intravenous glucose and arginine tests measuring plasma insulin and C-peptide responses. Pre-hepatic insulin production and insulin delivery to peripheral tissues were calculated by deconvolution techniques and hepatic extraction of insulin estimated. An improvement was observed in the beta-cell function of the patients on gliclazide treatment: reduction of fasting plasma glucose associated with a progressive increase in C-peptide level but insulin levels decreased at 12 months, suggesting an increase in hepatic insulin extraction at this time. In the same way, while plasma glucose values after oral and i.v. glucose were greatly reduced at 3 and 12 months treatment, insulin did not change but C-peptide levels increased significantly at 12 month treatment. While the prehepatic insulin secretion rate increased progressively on gliclazide during all glucose challenges, the fractional hepatic insulin extraction fell after 3 and increased at 12 month treatment, with opposite changes in insulin delivered to peripheral tissues. Thus the insulinogenic effect of gliclazide could be masked during long-term administration by a concomitant effect of gliclazide which increases hepatic extraction of insulin. The maintenance of the responsiveness to the non-glucose secretagogue, arginine, as evaluated by the C-peptide levels, before and after correction of hyperglycemia, suggested improvement of beta-cell sensitivity to glucose after sulfonylurea treatment.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Comparison of insulin regimens in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Insulin is widely used to improve metabolic control in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), but there is no consensus about the optimal regimen of insulin treatment., METHODS: We treated 153 patients with NIDDM for three months with five regimens: (1) oral hypoglycemic drug therapy plus NPH insulin given at 7 a.m. (the morning-NPH group), (2) oral hypoglycemic drug therapy plus NPH insulin given at 9 p.m. (the evening-NPH group), (3) NPH and regular insulin (ratio, 70 units to 30 units) given before breakfast and dinner (the two-insulin-injection group), (4) NPH insulin at 9 p.m. and regular insulin before meals (the multiple-insulin-injection group), and (5) continued oral hypoglycemic drug therapy (the control group)., RESULTS: The mean (+/- SE) value for glycosylated hemoglobin decreased similarly in all four insulin-treatment groups (1.7 +/- 0.3, 1.9 +/- 0.2, 1.8 +/- 0.3, and 1.6 +/- 0.3 percent, respectively). The decrease was significantly greater in these four groups than in the control group (0.5 +/- 0.2 percent; P < 0.001 vs. all insulin-treated groups). Weight gain was significantly less (1.2 +/- 0.5 kg) in the evening-NPH group than in the other insulin-treatment groups (2.2 +/- 0.5 kg in the morning-NPH group, 1.8 +/- 0.5 kg in the two-insulin-injection group, and 2.9 +/- 0.5 kg in the multiple-injection group; P < 0.05). In addition, the increment in the mean diurnal serum free insulin concentration was 50 to 65 percent smaller in the evening-NPH group than in the other insulin-treatment groups. Subjective well-being improved significantly more in the insulin-treatment groups than in the control group (P < 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: In patients with NIDDM who are receiving oral hypoglycemic drug therapy, the addition of NPH insulin in the evening improves glycemic control in a manner similar to combination therapy with NPH insulin in the morning, a two-insulin-injection regimen, or a multiple-insulin-injection regimen, but induces less weight gain and hyperinsulinemia. The data thus suggest that patients with NIDDM do not benefit from multiple insulin injections and that nocturnal insulin administration appears preferable to daytime administration.
Bone marrow transplantation as a strategy for treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in KK-Ay mice.; The effects of allogeneic bone marrow transplantation (BMT) on non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were examined using KK-Ay mice. KK-Ay mice reconstituted with KK-Ay bone marrow cells showed glycosuria, hyperinsulinemia, and hyperlipidemia. However, KK-Ay mice (H-2b) that had been lethally irradiated (9.0 Gy) and then reconstituted with T cell-depleted bone marrow cells from normal BALB/c mice (H-2d) showed negative urine sugar with decreases in serum insulin and lipid levels 4 mo after BMT. Morphological recovery of islets and glomeruli was also noted after allogeneic BMT. These findings suggest that BMT can be used to treat not only a certain type of NIDDM but also its complications such as hyperlipidemia and diabetic nephropathy.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Indian children in Manitoba.; OBJECTIVE: To report on our 7-year experience with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in native Indian children in Manitoba and to raise the awareness of physicians about the difficulties in the classification and management of hyperglycemia in Indian children., DESIGN: Case series., PATIENTS: All Indian children under 15 years of age referred for evaluation and management of diabetes to the diabetes clinic at the Children's Hospital of Winnipeg between 1984 and 1990 who did not have a history of diabetic ketoacidosis., MAIN RESULTS: Sixteen girls and four boys aged 7 to 14 years at the time of diagnosis were identified as having NIDDM. All 16 children whose family history could be confirmed had at least one parent with NIDDM. Five of the 20 complained of polyuria or nocturia; the remainder presented with asymptomatic glycosuria. At the time of diagnosis the random serum glucose level varied from 15.0 to 30.8 mmol/L, the fasting serum insulin level from 45 to 300 pmol/L and the total glycated hemoglobin level from 7.1% to 23.3%. Twelve of the children had been followed for at least 4 years. Six of the 12 had received insulin therapy at some time, including during pregnancy. At the time of writing, none was receiving therapy with insulin or orally given hypoglycemic drugs. All were encouraged to follow a weight-reduction diet and exercise regimen. During follow-up the mean total glycated hemoglobin level for each patient varied from 9.1% to 20.9%; none maintained a glycated hemoglobin level in the normal range., CONCLUSIONS: NIDDM occurs in Indian children under 15 years of age. The clinical features at presentation occasionally mimic those of insulin-dependent diabetes. A strong family history of NIDDM and lack of diabetic ketoacidosis during follow-up support the diagnosis of NIDDM. Adherence to a diet and exercise regimen has been poor. The conventional diabetes education approach may not be appropriate for this population.
Effects of salt loading on glucose tolerance, blood pressure, and albuminuria in rats with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We studied the effects of salt loading on glucose tolerance, blood pressure, and albuminuria in rats with mild non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Two-day-old male Wistar Kyoto (WKY) rats were injected intraperitoneally (IP) with either 75.0 mg/kg streptozotocin (STZ) or vehicle as control. Salt loading was performed as 1% NaCl of drinking solution from 4 weeks until 12 weeks of age (estimated sodium intake: control, 3.14 +/- 0.28 mEq/d in tap-water group, 11.9 +/- 0.95 mEq/d in salt-loaded group; NIDDM, 2.93 +/- 0.16 mEq/d in tap-water group, 12.0 +/- 2.59 mEq/d in salt-loaded group). Oral glucose tolerance, glycosylated hemoglobin (GHb), and pancreatic insulin content at 12 weeks did not differ between the salt-loaded group and tap-water group in both NIDDM and control rats. Urinary sodium excretion was increased in salt-loaded groups of control and NIDDM rats, but systolic blood pressure did not differ among the groups (control, 151 +/- 6 mm Hg in tap-water group, 150 +/- 3 mm Hg in salt-loaded group; NIDDM, 152 +/- 3 mm Hg in tap-water group, 157 +/- 2 mm Hg in salt-loaded group). Urinary albumin excretion was significantly increased in salt-loaded groups (1,790 +/- 272 micrograms/d in control, 1,617 +/- 174 micrograms/d in NIDDM rats) compared with tap-water groups (691 +/- 75 micrograms/d in control, P less than .05; 616 +/- 69 micrograms/d in NIDDM rats, P less than .001), irrespective of STZ injection, but endogenous creatinine clearance was not different among the groups. Furthermore, renal growth was more greatly increased in salt-loaded groups.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Plasma prorenin and renin levels in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To investigate plasma renin and prorenin levels in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and their relation with autonomic nervous function and renal impairment, we measured plasma renin and prorenin levels in 39 NIDDM patients. The patients included 21 males and 18 females, aged 56.3 +/- 6.2. Thirty-four normal age-matched subjects served as controls. Autonomic nervous function was evaluated in 23 patients by the performance of cardiovascular reflex tests. The plasma renin concentration was measured by angiotensin I generation after the addition of an exogenous substrate. Plasma prorenin was activated by trypsin. The results showed that the plasma renin concentration was similar between NIDDM patients and normal subjects, while plasma prorenin was higher in NIDDM patients. No correlation existed between the plasma renin or prorenin levels and autonomic nervous function. The patients with abnormally high levels of prorenin also had a similarly high plasma renin level but not a high creatinine clearance (Ccr) or daily proteinuria. The plasma renin level was correlated inversely with daily proteinuria but not with Ccr. These results suggest that the high plasma prorenin levels in some diabetic patients cannot be explained by renal impairment, poor prorenin conversion or autonomic dysfunction. The hyporeninemia in some patients may be related to microvascular involvement of the kidney.
Urinary kallikrein excretion in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To investigate the status of urinary kallikrein excretion (UKE) in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we measured UKE in 31 NIDDM patients. They ranged in age from 40 to 70 years (mean, 54.3 +/- 7.8 years), comprising 18 males and 13 females. Their creatinine clearance (Ccr) was 91.6 +/- 5.5 mL/min, and the daily excretion rate of protein was 1.15 +/- 0.72 g/24 hours. Twenty-five normal persons, aged from 37 to 63 years (mean, 51.7 +/- 8.2 years), comprising 14 males and 11 females, were enrolled as controls. The NIDDM patients were further divided into two groups. Group A (n = 21) had regular blood sugar control, while Group B (n = 9) had poor blood sugar control. The autonomic nervous function was tested in 15 patients to study its relationship with UKE. UKE was measured by spectrophotometric assay of the kallikrein enzymatic product on the synthetic substrate S-2266. Autonomic function was evaluated by cardiovascular reflex tests. The results showed that UKE was elevated in Group B, but depressed in Group A (normal vs A vs B: 9.6 +/- 1.0 vs 4.8 +/- 0.9 vs 14.4 +/- 2.7 nkat/24 hours). The UKE/Ccr ratio was similarly elevated in Group B and reduced in Group A (normal vs A vs B: 0.1 +/- 0.01 vs 0.05 +/- 0.01 vs 0.18 +/- 0.04 nkat. mL/day.minute). There was no significant correlation between UKE or the UKE/Ccr ratio and the Valsalva ratio, the 30:15 ratio, or postural blood pressure change. These results suggest that NIDDM patients have abnormal urinary kallikrein excretion levels that are influenced by blood sugar control. The abnormal UKE/Ccr ratio suggests that intrarenal abnormality in the renal kallikrein-kinin system exists in NIDDM patients.
Nonsense mutation of glucokinase gene in late-onset non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; A nonsense mutation at codon 186 in exon 5 of the gene for glucokinase, an enzyme important for glucose-induced insulin secretion, was identified in a Japanese patient with late-onset non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). All affected members of her family were heterozygous for the mutation and had late-onset NIDDM or impaired glucose tolerance, whereas unaffected members showed normal glucose tolerance. The early insulin response to oral glucose was impaired in affected relatives, but was normal in those unaffected. These findings suggest that the glucokinase mutation raises the set-point of pancreatic beta cells for glucose-induced insulin secretion, leading to abnormal glucose tolerance in some patients with late-onset NIDDM.
Urinary albumin excretion, cardiovascular disease, and endothelial dysfunction in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Raised urinary albumin excretion (UAE) is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We have examined the role of endothelial dysfunction as a possible explanation for this association in 94 NIDDM patients by investigating UAE, new cardiovascular events, and plasma concentration of von Willebrand factor (vWF), an indicator of endothelial dysfunction. At baseline, 66 patients had normal UAE (less than 15 micrograms/min), which remained normal in 33 (group 1) and increased in 33 (to median 31.5 micrograms/min, group 2). In 28 patients, baseline UAE was abnormal (67.1 micrograms/min, group 3). Follow-up ranged between 9 and 53 months. vWF did not change in group 1 (median 128% at baseline and 123% at follow-up), but increased in group 2 (from 116 to 219%, p less than 0.0001) and group 3 (from 157 to 207%, p = 0.0005). Baseline level of and change in vWF were strongly related to the development of microalbuminuria (R2 = 0.60, p less than 0.0001), but cardiovascular risk factors were not (R2 = 0.14). Raised baseline UAE was associated with an increased risk of new cardiovascular events only in patients with vWF concentrations above the median (relative risk 3.66, 95% CI 1.3-11.9) and not in patients with lower vWF (0.19, 0.01-1.33). In addition, the cardiovascular risk associated with increased UAE was modified by low compared with high concentrations of serum high density lipoprotein cholesterol (2.86 [1.03-8.48] vs 0.15 [0.01-1.43]). Dysfunction of vascular endothelium may be a link between albuminuria and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in NIDDM.
A prospective study of postmenopausal estrogen therapy and subsequent incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The potential influence of postmenopausal estrogen therapy on the subsequent development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is relatively unexplored, despite postulated effects of these hormones on glucose tolerance. We examined the association between postmenopausal hormone use and the subsequent incidence of NIDDM in a prospective cohort of 21,028 postmenopausal US women aged 30 to 55 years and free of diagnosed diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer in 1976. During 12 years of follow-up (422,991 person-years), we confirmed 1249 cases of NIDDM. Current users of postmenopausal hormones had a relative risk of NIDDM of 0.80 (95% confidence interval, 0.67 to 0.96) as compared with never users, after adjustment for age and body mass index (BMI). Past users of these hormones had an age- and BMI-adjusted relative risk of 1.07 (0.93 to 1.23). These results were not materially altered by multivariate adjustment for age, BMI, family history of diabetes, and coronary risk factors. Comparable results were obtained when the analysis was restricted to symptomatic NIDDM as the outcome. We observed no appreciable modification of these associations by family history of diabetes or category of BMI. Duration of current or past use of postmenopausal hormones and dose of conjugated estrogen were not significantly related to incidence of NIDDM. Type of hormone (estrogen alone, progesterone alone, or combination) also did not appear to influence NIDDM risk. These prospective data indicate that postmenopausal hormone therapy is unlikely to be associated with a material increase in the incidence of NIDDM among women.
Long-term weight fluctuation and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in white women.; The association of long-term weight fluctuation with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) was investigated for a population of 8232 white female members of the Taking Off Pounds Sensibly (TOPS) weight-awareness program, between the ages of 40 and 50 years. An index of weight fluctuation was developed using current weight, weight at the time maximum height was reached, and recalled maximum and minimum weights for the third and fourth decades for each member of the study population. A logistic regression of diabetes prevalence as a function of weight fluctuation, waist-hip ratio, relative weight, and family history index showed standardized odds ratios of 1.10, 1.22, 1.19, and 1.06, respectively. The results suggest that the magnitude of long-term weight fluctuation is associated with the development of NIDDM.
Impact of obesity on resting metabolic rate and glucose-induced thermogenesis in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Previous studies have shown that patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) have a higher metabolic rate (RMR) and lower thermogenesis in comparison with persons with normal glucose tolerance. It is not clear whether this impairment is due to the diabetic state per se or to the association of the diabetic and obese state. The impact of obesity on RMR and glucose-induced thermogenesis (GIT) was studied in seven non-obese and 12 obese men with NIDDM; the results are compared with a group of six obese men with normal glucose tolerance. RMR was significantly higher for the obese subjects (P < 0.02) but this difference disappeared after correction for fat-free mass. Mean GIT was significantly lower (P < 0.01) in the diabetic patients, whether they were obese or non-obese. The results of this study indicate that for patients with NIDDM, the impact of obesity on both RMR and GIT is rather limited. On the other hand, a significant influence of glucose tolerance on GIT in obese patients could be demonstrated.
Public health significance of upper body adiposity for non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in Mexican Americans.; An unfavourable body fat distribution has been associated with an increased prevalence and incidence of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The potential utility of assessing body fat distribution in diabetes screening, however, has not been assessed. We compared the impact of upper body fat distribution (assessed by the waist-to-hip ratio (WHR)) and body mass index (BMI) and NIDDM using the population attributable risk approach of Levin in 1965 Mexican Americans from the San Antonio Heart Study, a population-based study of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The population attributable risk percentage (PAR%) was 52.0% for WHR compared to 43.4% for body mass index. After stratification by BMI, women with a high WHR had a PAR% of approximately 50% and men had a PAR% of 28-58%. For any given cutpoint (e.g. the 10th percentile, 20th percentile, etc.) of WHR used to screen for NIDDM, WHR had both a higher sensitivity and a lower false positive rate than the corresponding cutpoint of BMI. To evaluate the relative contribution of WHR in identifying prevalent cases of NIDDM, multiple logistic regression analyses were performed, and the number of subjects identified as being in the top 20% of the risk score distribution was compared using a model that included WHR and a model that included BMI. In men, BMI did not increase the sensitivity in detecting NIDDM subjects once age was accounted for; WHR increased the sensitivity only slightly. In women, sensitivity was enhanced modestly using both measures, although WHR again was the more sensitive method. These data suggest that WHR is a better single screening measure for NIDDM than BMI.
[The production of hydrogen peroxide by neutrophilic polymorphonuclear leukocytes in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; The production of hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) by neutrophilic polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMN) after stimulation with PMA, FMLP, aggregated IgG and phagocytosis were determined in 36 patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The H2O2 production of PMN after the stimulation was measured using by flow cytometry. The patients were divided into four stages as follows: (1) non-microalbuminuric stage, (2) microalbuminuric stage, (3) proteinuric stage without impairment of renal function (less than 1.2 mg/dl of serum creatinine) and (4) proteinuric stage with impairment of renal function (more than 1.3mg/dl of serum creatinine). The H2O2 production after stimulation with PMA or phagocytosis was significantly higher in patients with NIDDM than normal controls. And also, there is the tendency of an increase in the H2O2 production after stimulation with FMLP or aggregated IgG. This increase of the H2O2 production was observed in all four stages of NIDDM patients after the stimulation, especially in patients with renal failure associated with diabetic nephropathy. These results suggest that reactive oxygen species produced by PMN after stimulation under various conditions may play an important role in the progression and exacerbation of diabetic nephropathy.
Physical activity and reduced occurrence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Physical activity is recommended by physicians to patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), because it increases sensitivity to insulin. Whether physical activity is effective in preventing this disease is not known., METHODS: We used questionnaires to examine patterns of physical activity and other personal characteristics in relation to the subsequent development of NIDDM in 5990 male alumni of the University of Pennsylvania. The disease developed in a total of 202 men during 98,524 man-years of follow-up from 1962 to 1976., RESULTS: Leisure-time physical activity, expressed in kilocalories expended per week in walking, stair climbing, and sports, was inversely related to the development of NIDDM: The incidence rates declined as energy expenditure increased from less than 500 kcal to 3500 kcal. For each 500-kcal increment in energy expenditure, the age-adjusted risk of NIDDM was reduced by 6 percent (relative risk, 0.94; 95 percent confidence interval, 0.90 to 0.98). This association remained the same when the data were adjusted for obesity, hypertension, and a parental history of diabetes. The association was weaker when we considered weight gain between the time of college attendance and 1962 (relative risk, 0.95; 95 percent confidence interval, 0.90 to 1.00). The protective effect of physical activity was strongest in persons at highest risk for NIDDM, defined as those with a high body-mass index, a history of hypertension, or a parental history of diabetes. These factors, in addition to weight gain since college, were also independent predictors of the disease., CONCLUSIONS: Increased physical activity is effective in preventing NIDDM, and the protective benefit is especially pronounced in persons at the highest risk for the disease.
Serum 1,5-anhydro-D-glucitol and glycemic control in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Serum 1,5-anhydro-D-glucitol (AG) levels, which have been reported to decrease specifically in diabetics, were measured in 102 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The mean of serum AG levels was 7.9 +/- 0.7 micrograms/ml (mean +/- S.E.). It was found a significant negative correlation between serum AG level and HbA1c or fasting blood sugar level. The decrease in serum AG levels inversely correlated with the extent of glycemic control in the patients with NIDDM. Additionally, the changes of serum AG levels negatively correlated with the changes of HbA1c levels during long-term (2 years) treatment. Furthermore, serum AG levels were compared between the patients with and without diabetic complication such as retinopathy, proteinuria or neuropathy. It was found that each group of the patients with complication had significantly decreased serum AG level compared with the complication free group. On the other hand, however, no differences were found in serum AG levels corrected by HbA1c levels using the linear regression formula between the group of the patients with and without diabetic complication.
A pilot clinical trial of a new oral hypoglycemic agent, CS-045, in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; CS-045, (+/-)-5-[4-(6-hydroxy-2,5,7,8-tetramkethylchroman-2- ylmethoxy)benzyl]-2,4-thiazolidinedione, lowers plasma glucose in several animal models of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) presumably by increasing insulin sensitivity. Little adverse effect was found in a phase 1 study on healthy male subjects. In order to test its efficacy in lowering plasma glucose in NIDDM in man, a pilot multi-center clinical trial of CS-045 was carried out in 146 patients with NIDDM whose glycemic control was inadequate (FPG greater than 140 mg/dl) on diet and/or other oral hypoglycemic agents. CS-045 was given orally in a daily dose of 200 mg or 400 mg for 12 weeks in addition to the previous treatment. The mean fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and fructosamine began to decrease within 2 weeks and the mean HbA1c within 8 weeks. After 12 weeks, the FPG fell from 192 +/- 41 to 155 +/- 45 mg/dl (P less than 0.01), fructosamine from 3.7 +/- 0.6 to 3.3 +/- 0.6 (P less than 0.01), and HbA1c from 8.9 +/- 1.5 to 8.1 +/- 1.5% (P less than 0.01). The drug was effective in 39% of patients in that FPG fell by more than 20% of the initial value. This rate of efficacy was the same when CS-045 was given alone or together with other oral hypoglycemic agents. The drug was more effective in a dosage of 400 mg than with 200 mg (the rate of efficacy 46% vs 25%) and more effective in obese patients than in lean patients (46% vs 25%). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Exercise habits and exercise relapse in persons with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Exercise is widely recognized as a crucial component in the management of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), but little is known about actual exercise practices in this group. This study investigated exercise habits in 60 persons with NIDDM and 60 nondiabetic significant others. Despite the importance of exercise, most of the persons with NIDDM in our study were not exercising regularly, and the percent of persons exercising regularly was no greater in the diabetic group than in the group of significant others. Although those with NIDDM reported more frequent discussion about exercise with health care professionals, only 25% reported receiving specific guidelines for exercise. Diabetic respondents reported a greater number of relapse or dropout episodes than did the nondiabetic significant others, and relapse was associated with increased guilt. Persons with NIDDM appear to receive recommendations to exercise without instruction on exercise maintenance strategies, resulting in more failed attempts to exercise, and increased guilt. Interventions shown to be effective for increasing exercise maintenance need to be incorporated into the diabetic regimen.
Pretranslational suppression of a glucose transporter protein causes insulin resistance in adipocytes from patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and obesity.; A major portion of insulin-mediated glucose uptake occurs via the translocation of GLUT 4 glucose transporter proteins from an intracellular depot to the plasma membrane. We have examined gene expression for the GLUT 4 transporter isoform in subcutaneous adipocytes, a classic insulin target cell, to better understand molecular mechanisms causing insulin resistance in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and obesity. In subgroups of lean (body mass index [BMI] = 24 +/- 1) and obese (BMI = 32 +/- 2) controls and in obese NIDDM (BMI = 35 +/- 2) patients, the number of GLUT 4 glucose transporters was measured in total postnuclear and subcellular membrane fractions using specific antibodies on Western blots. Relative to lean controls, the cellular content of GLUT 4 was decreased 40% in obesity and 85% in NIDDM in total cellular membranes. In obesity, cellular depletion of GLUT 4 primarily involved low density microsomes (LDM), leaving fewer transporters available for insulin-mediated recruitment to the plasma membrane (PM). In NIDDM, loss of GLUT 4 was profound in all membrane subfractions, PM, LDM, as well as high density microsomes. These observations corresponded with decrements in maximally stimulated glucose transport rates in intact cells. To assess mechanisms responsible for depletion of GLUT 4, we quantitated levels of mRNA specifically hybridizing with human GLUT 4 cDNA on Northern blots. In obesity, GLUT 4 mRNA was decreased 36% compared with lean controls, and the level was well correlated (r = + 0.77) with the cellular content of GLUT 4 protein over a wide spectrum of body weight. GLUT 4 mRNA in adipocytes from NIDDM patients was profoundly reduced by 86% compared with lean controls and by 78% relative to their weight-matched nondiabetic counterparts (whether expressed per RNA, per cell, or for the amount of CHO-B mRNA). Interestingly, GLUT 4 mRNA levels in patients with impaired glucose tolerance (BMI = 34 +/- 4) were decreased to the same level as in overt NIDDM. We conclude that, in obesity, insulin resistance in adipocytes is due to depletion of GLUT 4 glucose transporters, and that the cellular content of GLUT 4 is determined by the level of encoding mRNA over a wide range of body weight. In NIDDM, more profound insulin resistance is caused by a further reduction in GLUT 4 mRNA and protein than is attributable to obesity per se. Suppression of GLUT 4 mRNA is observed in patients with impaired glucose tolerance, and therefore, may occur early in the evolution of diabetes. Thus, pretranslational suppression of GLUT 4 transporter gene expression may be an important mechanism that produces and maintains cellular insulin resistance in NIDDM.
Inhibition by etomoxir of carnitine palmitoyltransferase I reduces hepatic glucose production and plasma lipids in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To determine the therapeutic effect of the carinitine palmitoyltransferase I (CPT-I) inhibitor, etomoxir, eight hospitalized obese non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients were studied (body mass index [BMI], 28.7 +/- 1.3 kg/m2; age, 54 +/- 8 years [means +/- SE]) at baseline (placebo = t1), and after oral etomoxir (50 mg/d = t2, 100 mg = 3, 150 mg = t4, 200 mg = t5, placebo = t6). Fasting blood glucose (mmol/L), triglycerides (mmol/L), cholesterol (mmol/L), free fatty acids (mumol/L), beta-hydroxybutyrate (mumol/L), and alanine aminotransferase (GPT, U/L) were determined (t1 to t6), as were glucose utilization (M value; indirect calorimetry) and hepatic glucose production during a 10 mU/kg.min euglycemic clamp (t1 and t4). A dose-dependent decrease was induced by etomoxir in fasting blood glucose (t1 to t5: 9.5 +/- 0.7, 8.7 +/- 1.0, 8.3 +/- 1.1 [P v t1 less than .05], 7.8 +/- 0.9, [P v t1 less than .01], 7.9 +/- 1.1 [P v t1 less than .05]), which was reversible in t6 (9.9 +/- 1.1). Mean plasma lipids were reduced (t1 v t5) for triglycerides (-54%, P v t1 less than .01), cholesterol (-24%, P v t1 less than .05), and beta-hydroxybutyrate (-44%, P v t2 less than .01), while free fatty acids increased by 52% (P v t1 less than .05), as did GPT (t1: 17 +/- 3; t5: 32 +/- 7 U/L [P v t1 less than .01]). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Analysis of the gene sequences of the insulin receptor and the insulin-sensitive glucose transporter (GLUT-4) in patients with common-type non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Insulin resistance is a common feature of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and "diabetes susceptibility genes" may be involved in this abnormality. Two potential candidate genes are the insulin receptor (IR) and the insulin-sensitive glucose transporter (GLUT-4). To elucidate whether structural defects in the IR and/or GLUT-4 could be a primary cause of insulin resistance in NIDDM, we have sequenced the entire coding region of the GLUT-4 gene from DNA of six NIDDM patients. Since binding properties of the IRs from NIDDM subjects are normal, we also analyzed the sequence of exons 16-22 (encoding the entire cytoplasmic domain of the IR) of the IR gene from the same six patients. When compared with the normal IR sequence, no difference was found in the predicted amino acid sequence of the IR cytoplasmic domain derived from the NIDDM patients. Sequence analysis of the GLUT-4 gene revealed that one patient was heterozygous for a mutation in which isoleucine (ATC) was substituted for valine (GTC) at position 383. Consequently, the GLUT-4 sequence at position 383 was determined in 24 additional NIDDM patients and 30 nondiabetic controls and all showed only the normal sequence. From these studies, we conclude that the insulin resistance seen in the great majority of subjects with the common form of NIDDM is not due to genetic variation in the coding sequence of the IR beta subunit, nor to any single mutation in the GLUT-4 gene. Possibly, a subpopulation of NIDDM patients exists displaying variation in the GLUT-4 gene.
Effect of the antilipolytic nicotinic acid analogue acipimox on whole-body and skeletal muscle glucose metabolism in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Increased nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) levels may be important in causing insulin resistance in skeletal muscles in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The acute effect of the antilipolytic nicotinic acid analogue Acipimox (2 X 250 mg) on basal and insulin-stimulated (3 h, 40 mU/m2 per min) glucose metabolism was therefore studied in 12 patients with NIDDM. Whole-body glucose metabolism was assessed using [3-3H]glucose and indirect calorimetry. Biopsies were taken from the vastus lateralis muscle during basal and insulin-stimulated steady-state periods. Acipimox reduced NEFA in the basal state and during insulin stimulation. Lipid oxidation was inhibited by Acipimox in all patients in the basal state (20 +/- 2 vs. 33 +/- 3 mg/m2 per min, P less than 0.01) and during insulin infusion (8 +/- 2 vs. 17 +/- 2 mg/m2 per min, P less than 0.01). Acipimox increased the insulin-stimulated glucose disposal rate (369 +/- 49 vs. 262 +/- 31 mg/m2 per min, P less than 0.01), whereas the glucose disposal rate was unaffected by Acipimox in the basal state. Acipimox increased glucose oxidation in the basal state (76 +/- 4 vs. 50 +/- 4 mg/m2 per min, P less than 0.01). During insulin infusion Acipimox increased both glucose oxidation (121 +/- 7 vs. 95 +/- 4 mg/m2 per min, P less than 0.01) and nonoxidative glucose disposal (248 +/- 47 vs. 167 +/- 29 mg/m2 per min, P less than 0.01). Acipimox enhanced basal and insulin-stimulated muscle fractional glycogen synthase activities (32 +/- 2 vs. 25 +/- 3%, P less than 0.05, and 50 +/- 5 vs. 41 +/- 4%, P less than 0.05). Activities of muscle pyruvate dehydrogenase and phosphofructokinase were unaffected by Acipimox. In conclusion, Acipimox acutely improved insulin action in patients with NIDDM by increasing both glucose oxidation and nonoxidative glucose disposal. This supports the hypothesis that elevated NEFA concentrations may be important for the insulin resistance in NIDDM. The mechanism responsible for the increased insulin-stimulated nonoxidative glucose disposal may be a stimulatory effect of Acipimox on glycogen synthase activity in skeletal muscles.
Demonstration of disturbed free fatty acid metabolism of myocardium in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus as measured with iodine-123-heptadecanoic acid.; Myocardial free fatty acid metabolism and left ventricular function were evaluated in 15 middle-aged patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and in 8 healthy control subjects. The study subjects had no evidence of coronary heart disease on the basis of clinical history, exercise ECG or myocardial perfusion scintigraphy. During peak exercise, iodine-123 hepatadecanoic acid (HDA) was intravenously injected. Myocardial activity distribution of 123I-HDA was measured 10, 30, and 50 min after exercise using single-photon emission tomography (SPET); and then further corrected by free 123I-iodine. Venous blood samples were drawn for detecting the plasma activity of 123I. The net extraction of 123I-HDA into the myocardium was obtained by dividing the corrected tissue 123I concentration by the integral of the plasma time activity curve. The net extraction was 0.40 +/- 0.06 min-1 (mean +/- SD) patients with NIDDM and 0.38 +/- 0.06 min-1 in control subjects (P greater than 0.1), respectively. The faster elimination rate of 123I-HDA was found in patients with NIDDM (0.029 +/- 0.008 min-1) than in control subjects (0.022 +/- 0.004 min-1; P less than 0.01). There was no statistically significant difference in left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) at rest between patients with NIDDM (53 +/- 9%) and control subjects (56 +/- 2%), whereas the increase of LVEF during exercise remained lower in patients with NIDDM (3.4 +/- 8.2%) than in control subjects (11.8 +/- 5.8%; P less than 0.025). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Heterogeneity of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in HLA types and clinical features: comparison with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We determined HLA types in 110 Japanese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and studied the relationship between the HLA phenotypes and clinical features. Sixty-nine patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and 100 healthy blood donors served as controls. Concerning HLA DR and DQ loci, frequencies of DR4, DRw9 and DQw3.2 were higher, and those of DR2, DRw8, DRw11, DRw12 and DQw1 were lower in patients with IDDM compared than in healthy controls. There were no differences between NIDDM and normal controls in the frequency of a particular HLA DR antigen except for a decreased frequency in DRw11 in the former. The frequency of DQw3.2 antigen in NIDDM was intermediate between IDDM and normal controls. There were some differences between DQw3.2-positive and -negative NIDDM patients in clinical features. Those who showed low C-peptide responses during oral glucose tolerance test were more frequently found among DQw3.2-positive NIDDM patients. These results suggest that Type 1 diabetes mellitus may have a mild clinical course and is found among the Japanese NIDDM population.
Effects of sulfonylureas on adipocyte and skeletal muscle insulin action in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The effect of glibenclamide treatment on insulin action in isolated fat cells was studied in eight moderately obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Insulin receptor binding and the effect of insulin on glucose transport and lipogenesis were determined before and after 3 months of glibenclamide therapy. At the end of the treatment period, mean daytime plasma glucose concentrations were reduced (10.8 +/- 0.4 versus 7.0 +/- 0.3 mmol/L, p less than 0.001) whereas mean daytime plasma insulin level was increased (40 +/- 12 versus 71 +/- 9 mU/L, p less than 0.001). Adipocyte insulin receptor binding as well as basal glucose transport and metabolism were unaffected by drug treatment. In contrast, insulin-stimulated glucose transport and lipogenesis were both significantly enhanced (p less than 0.05). These findings are comparable to those of another study involving seven moderately obese subjects with NIDDM who had biopsies of the lateral vastus muscle taken for measurement of insulin receptor function and glycogen synthase activity before and during 2 months of gliclazide treatment. In that study insulin receptors purified with wheatgerm agglutinin showed unchanged insulin binding and receptor kinase activity. Moreover, gliclazide had no impact on maximal glycogen synthase activity. However, under physiologic hyperinsulinemic conditions gliclazide therapy was associated with an increased sensitivity of glycogen synthase for its allosteric activation by glucose-6-phosphatase (p less than 0.04). In conclusion, sulfonylurea treatment of NIDDM enhances insulin-stimulated peripheral glucose utilization in part through a potentiation of insulin action on adipose tissue glucose transport and lipogenesis and skeletal muscle glycogen synthase.
Multiple defects in muscle glycogen synthase activity contribute to reduced glycogen synthesis in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; To define the mechanisms of impaired muscle glycogen synthase and reduced glycogen formation in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), glycogen synthase activity was kinetically analyzed during the basal state and three glucose clamp studies (insulin approximately equal to 300, 700, and 33,400 pmol/liter) in eight matched nonobese NIDDM and eight control subjects. Muscle glycogen content was measured in the basal state and following clamps at insulin levels of 33,400 pmol/liter. NIDDM subjects had glucose uptake matched to controls in each clamp by raising serum glucose to 15-20 mmol/liter. The insulin concentration required to half-maximally activate glycogen synthase (ED50) was approximately fourfold greater for NIDDM than control subjects (1,004 +/- 264 vs. 257 +/- 110 pmol/liter, P less than 0.02) but the maximal insulin effect was similar. Total glycogen synthase activity was reduced approximately 38% and glycogen content was approximately 30% lower in NIDDM. A positive correlation was present between glycogen content and glycogen synthase activity (r = 0.51, P less than 0.01). In summary, defects in muscle glycogen synthase activity and reduced glycogen content are present in NIDDM. NIDDM subjects also have less total glycogen synthase activity consistent with reduced functional mass of the enzyme. These findings and the correlation between glycogen synthase activity and glycogen content support the theory that multiple defects in glycogen synthase activity combine to cause reduced glycogen formation in NIDDM.
Abnormalities of plasma lipoproteins in a new genetically obese rat with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (Wistar fatty rat).; We investigated plasma lipoprotein profiles and the activities of tissue cholesterol regulating enzymes in Wistar fatty rats, an animal model for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Wistar fatty rats were made by transfer of the fa gene to the Wistar Kyoto rats by backcross-breeding. Wistar fatty and control non-diabetic littermates were given a laboratory chow or an atherogenic diet containing 1 percent (weight percent) cholesterol, 0.5 percent cholic acid, and 5 percent lard. Under the chow diet, plasma fasting glucose and immunoreactive insulin concentrations in Wistar fatty rats were 1.5- and 6-fold higher than controls, respectively. Plasma cholesterol was significantly increased in Wistar fatty rats compared with controls. Elevated plasma cholesterol levels in Wistar fatties was accounted for by the increases of cholesterol content in the d less than 1.006 g/ml lipoprotein and high-density lipoproteins. Under the atherogenic diet, plasma cholesterol levels in Wistar fatties were further increased by 129 percent compared with controls. The diet-induced increase of cholesterol contents was shown in all lipoprotein classes for Wistar fatty rats. The activities of regulatory enzymes for cholesterol biosynthesis or absorption were measured in Wistar fatty rats. Both hepatic and intestinal 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl (HMG)-CoA reductase activities were significantly higher in Wistar fatty rats than those in controls (P less than 0.05 and P less than 0.01, respectively). ACAT activities in Wistar fatties were significantly increased in the intestine (P less than 0.05) and decreased in the liver in comparison with controls (P less than 0.01). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Renal handling of glycated albumin in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with nephropathy.; Renal handling of glycated albumin in diabetic nephropathy was examined by studies on renal selectivity for glycated albumin in 23 normal controls and 52 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with various degrees of nephropathy. The serum and urinary levels of glycated albumin were measured by enzyme-immunoassay with monoclonal antibody to glucitol-lysine residues in human glycated albumin. The diabetic patients were divided into 3 groups according to the albumin index (AI): patients with normoalbuminuria [AI less than or equal to 30 mg/g creatinine(Cr)], with microalbuminuria (30 less than AI less than or equal to 270 mg/g Cr), and with macroalbuminuria (AI greater than 270 mg/g Cr). The renal selectivity for glycated albumin was calculated from the ratio of the urinary to serum level of glycated albumin. In the controls, the renal selectivity was as high as 4.40 +/- 0.48, and significantly higher than those in patients with normo- (2.87 +/- 0.29), micro- (1.72 +/- 0.20) and macroalbuminuria (1.26 +/- 0.23). The renal selectivity was inversely correlated with the AI in diabetic patients (r = -0.58, P less than 0.01). These data indicate that glycated albumin was selectively excreted in the urine and that the renal selectivity in diabetic patients gradually decreased to a value of 1 with increase in albuminuria. When the patients with normoalbuminuria were divided into two subgroups with high and low albumin excretion, the renal selectivities for glycated albumin in both subgroups were still significantly lower than that in controls. These results suggested that early diabetic nephropathy which cannot be detected clinically by albuminuria can be diagnosed by measurement of renal selectivity for glycated albumin.
Apolipoprotein levels in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with clinical macroangiopathy.; To elucidate the changes of serum apolipoproteins as possible atherogenic factors in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), comparison was made between 47 NIDDM patients with clinical macroangiopathy (coronary heart disease and/or cerebral infarction) and 47 NIDDM patients without clinical macroangiopathy individually matched for age, sex, body mass index, glycemic control, mode of therapy, and blood pressure. Serum total cholesterol (223 +/- 63 mg/dl, mean +/- SD) and triglyceride (160 +/- 72 mg/dl) levels in NIDDM with clinical macroangiopathy were significantly higher than those (198 +/- 44 and 126 +/- 78 mg/dl) in control NIDDM. Apolipoprotein AII (apo AII) (28.8 +/- 6.9 mg/dl) in NIDDM with clinical macroangiopathy was significantly lower than that (31.4 +/- 5.5 mg/dl) in control NIDDM, and apo B (147 +/- 48 mg/dl) and apo CIII (13.1 +/- 5.9 mg/dl) in NIDDM with clinical macroangiopathy was significantly higher than that (113 +/- 35 and 10.8 +/- 4.7 mg/dl) in control NIDDM, respectively. There were no significant differences in apo AI, CII, and E levels. The ratio of HDL cholesterol to apo AI (0.36 +/- 0.08) and total cholesterol to apo B (1.6 +/- 0.3) in NIDDM with clinical macroangiopathy was significantly lower than that (0.40 +/- 0.09 and 1.8 +/- 0.4) in control NIDDM. These results suggest that abnormality of lipid metabolism is more significant in NIDDM with clinical macroangiopathy than in NIDDM without clinical macroangiopathy, and is more pronounced in women than in men.
Carbohydrate and lipid metabolism in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: effects of a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet vs a diet high in monounsaturated fatty acids.; Nineteen patients affected by non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), in good glycemic control (fasting plasma glucose 7.2 +/- 0.3 mmol/L, glycosylated hemoglobin 6.3 +/- 0.2%), underwent three isocaloric dietary phases. In phases 1 and 3 the diet was rich in complex carbohydrates (Carbo) whereas in phase 2 it was rich in monounsaturated fatty acids (Mono). Plasma glucose concentrations were 7.1 +/- 0.3 and 7.2 +/- 0.3 mmol/L for the two Carbo phases and 7.5 +/- 0.4 mmol/L for the Mono phase (NS). Plasma total cholesterol values for the Carbo phases were 6.2 +/- 0.2 and 6.4 +/- 0.2 mmol/L, respectively, and 6.5 +/- 0.2 mmol/L on the Mono phase (NS). Similarly, no significant changes were noticed for plasma triglycerides and high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. Thus, both diets were well-tolerated and did not alter glucose homeostasis or worsen plasma lipid concentrations. Consequently, these results suggest that a wider dietary choice can be made available to NIDDM patients without producing unwanted side effects.
Apolipoprotein E allele frequencies in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with hypertriglyceridemia (type IIb, III, IV, and V hyperlipoproteinemia).; We examined apolipoprotein E (apo E) allele frequencies in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients with normolipidemia or various types of hypertriglyceridemia to elucidate the association of the apo E alleles with hypertriglyceridemia in NIDDM. NIDDM patients with normolipidemia (N = 134) or hypertriglyceridemia [type IIb hyperlipoproteinemia (HLP) (N = 42), III HLP (N = 7), IV HLP (N = 96), and V HLP (N = 8)] were randomly selected from our Diabetic Clinics. Apo E phenotypes (genotypes) were determined by our rapid flat-gel isoelectric focusing method. The frequency of the epsilon 4 allele was significantly higher in the type IIb (20.2%, P less than .01) and V (25.0%, P less than .05) HLP patients than in the normolipidemic patients (8.9%), whereas the frequency of the epsilon 3 allele was significantly (P less than .025) lower in the type IIb HLP patients (78.6%) than in the normolipidemic patients (89.2%). The frequency of the epsilon 2 allele was significantly higher in the type III (64.3%, P less than .001) and IV (5.2%, P less than .05) HLP patients than in the normolipidemic patients (1.9%), whereas the frequency of the epsilon 3 allele was significantly lower in the type III (28.6%, P less than .001) and IV (82.8%, P less than .05) HLP patients than in the normolipidemic patients. Thus, it has proven that the epsilon 2 allele is related to type III and IV HLP in NIDDM, whereas the epsilon 4 allele is related to type IIb and V HLP in NIDDM.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Dose-response characteristics of impaired glucose oxidation in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To determine the dose-response characteristics of impaired glucose oxidation in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), indirect calorimetry was performed on eight matched control and NIDDM subjects during the basal state and during three glucose clamps at insulin infusion rates of 150, 300, and 1,500 pmol.m-2.min-1. Hyperglycemia was used to achieve matched rates of glucose uptake at each insulin infusion. Glucose uptake in the basal state was greater in NIDDM [3.75 +/- 0.23 vs. 2.50 +/- 0.10 mg.kg fat-free mass (FFM)-1.min-1, P less than 0.005] but was similar at approximately 8, 12, and 26 mg.kg FFM-1.min-1 at each insulin infusion. Basal protein oxidation, fat oxidation, and plasma free fatty acids were similar and equally sensitive to suppression by insulin in both groups. Glucose oxidation was reduced 20-26%, and circulating lactate increased 50-90% at physiological but not at pharmacological insulin concentrations in NIDDM. The dose-response relationship between serum insulin and glucose oxidation was right shifted in NIDDM with half-maximal activation at 368 +/- 91 vs. 179 +/- 27 pM in controls (P less than 0.05). In conclusion, glucose oxidation is reduced at physiological insulin concentrations in NIDDM and cannot be explained by concomitant obesity, increased fat oxidation, or reduced glucose uptake but results from impaired sensitivity to stimulation by insulin, possibly at pyruvate dehydrogenase.
Urinary albumin excretion in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in an early microalbuminuric stage.; We investigated the urinary albumin excretion and renal hemodynamics of normotensive nonobese patients with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in an early microalbuminuric stage (defined by albuminuria less than 30 mg/day). In comparison with normal subjects, a significant increase in urinary albumin excretion was observed already in the IGT stage [U-albumin/U-creatinine: NL (20 subjects), 5.3 +/- 1.7 mg/g Cr; IGT (23 subjects), 11.9 +/- 6.7 mg/g Cr; DM (20 subjects), 12.8 +/- 5.7 mg/g Cr]. A 3-week diet therapy combined with physical exercise prescribed for 53 normotensive non-obese mild NIDDM patients resulted in improvement in glucose tolerance, concomitant with lowered systemic blood pressure and a decrease in urinary albumin excretion (SBP: 128.4 +/- 13.0 to 106.4 +/- 10.2 mm Hg, p less than 0.01; DBP: 78.2 +/- 10.8 to 66.0 +/- 8.0 mm Hg, p less than 0.01; U-albumin: 19.4 +/- 10.3 to 10.1 +/- 9.1 mg/day, p less than 0.01). However, glomerular filtration rate, renal plasma flow, filtration fraction and urinary beta 2-microglobulin excretion remained unchanged. From these results, we hypothesized that focal glomerular hyperperfusion increases urinary albumin excretion in patients with early NIDDM.
Lipoprotein composition and HDL particle size distribution in women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and the effects of probucol treatment.; To further characterize the spectrum of potentially atherogenic disturbances in lipoprotein composition in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we have studied a subset of women with NIDDM before and after treatment with the lipophilic lipid-lowering drug probucol (1 gm day), which we have shown corrects certain compositional abnormalities these women share with subjects who have hypercholesterolemia. Before treatment, the NIDDM group had a somewhat higher plasma triglyceride level (154 +/- 58.3 mg/dl, vs control, 80.0 +/- 21 mg/dl [mean +/- SD]; p less than 0.025) than controls but their cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels did not differ from control levels. A number of significant disturbances, however, were present in the surface and core lipid composition of their lipoproteins. Although the cholesterol content of NIDDM low-density lipoprotein (LDL) was similar to that of controls, its content of sphingomyelin and phosphatidylinositol plus phosphatidylserine and sphingomyelin-to-lecithin ratio all were significantly reduced. Moreover, their very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) and HDL2 tended to have reduced amounts of free (unesterified) cholesterol (FC) relative to lecithin, and their HDL2 and HDL3 tended to be triglyceride enriched. Probucol therapy resulted in significant decreases in total plasma cholesterol (-15%), FC (-28%), HDL-C (-22%), and triglyceride (-16%) and in apoproteins A-I, B, and E (apo A-I, B, and E), without changing diabetic control (before probucol: hemoglobin A1, cholesterol, 10.7% +/- 2.7%; after probucol: 10.9% +/- 3.0%). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
A new animal model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with hypertension: neonatal streptozotocin treatment in spontaneously hypertensive rats.; Streptozotocin (STZ) treatment on neonatal rats produces a non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) model in adulthood. Applying this model to spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR), we designed the present study to develop a new model of NIDDM with genetic hypertension. Two-day-old male and female SHR were intraperitoneally injected with 25.0-75.0mg/kg STZ, and two-day-old Wistar Kyoto rats (WKY) of both sexes, which are a normotensive control strain for SHR, were similarly injected with 75.0-150.0mg/kg STZ. Control rats received vehicle alone. The relationships between the doses of the STZ injected and the changes of the metabolic variable and blood pressure were examined for 12 weeks following the treatment. Plasma glucose levels in male SHR increased in a dose-dependent manner at 12 weeks, control 122 +/- 8 (SEM) mg/dl, 25.0mg/kg STZ 139 +/- 13mg/dl (ns), 37.5mg/kg STZ 240 +/- 51mg/dl (ns), 50.0mg/kg STZ 359 +/- 39mg/dl (p less than 0.01), 62.5mg/kg STZ 419 +/- 33mg/dl (p less than 0.001) and 75.0mg/kg STZ 513 +/- 10mg/dl (p less than 0.001), whereas in male WKY, only mild hyperglycemia developed in case of the higher doses of STZ given, control 112 +/- 4mg/dl, 75.0mg/kg STZ 136 +/- 18mg/dl (ns), 100.0mg/kg STZ 204 +/- 40mg/dl (ns), 125.0mg/kg STZ 219 +/- 37mg/dl (p less than 0.05), and 150.0mg/kg STZ 177 +/- 12mg/dl (p less than 0.01). The development of hypertension was not affected by the neonatal STZ treatment in male SHR at 11 weeks, systolic blood pressure being control 210 +/- 7mmHg, 25.0mg/kg STZ 217 +/- 5mmHg (ns), 37.5mg/kg STZ 202 +/- 3mmHg (ns), 50.0mg/kg STZ 216 +/- 6mmHg (ns), 62.5mg/kg STZ 210 +/- 6mmHg (ns), and 75.0mg/kg STZ 209 +/- 5mmHg (ns). For the long-term observation, STZ-treated male SHR were divided into mild diabetes group (plasma glucose at 12 weeks less than 300mg/dl, mean 195 +/- 21mg/dl) and severe diabetes group (greater than or equal to 300mg/dl, mean 445 +/- 18mg/dl). Hyperglycemia in both groups was maintained until 28 weeks, plasma glucose being control 112 +/- 4mg/dl, mild diabetes group 161 +/- 10mg/dl (p less than 0.01), and severe diabetes group 419 +/- 25mg/dl (p less than 0.001) but it later gradually ameliorated, plasma glucose at 52 weeks being control 120 +/- 3mg/dl, mild diabetes group 131 +/- 7mg/dl (ns), and severe diabetes group 220 +/- 43mg/dl (ns). However, hypertension persisted in both diabetes groups until 52 weeks, systolic blood pressure being control 209 +/- 6mmHg, mild diabetes group 199 +/- 9mmHg (ns), and severe diabetes group 221 +/- 6mmHg (ns). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Improvement in glucose-induced insulin secretion in diabetic rats after long-term gliclazide treatment: a comparative study using different models of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus induced by neonatal streptozotocin.; Understanding of the long-term action of sulfonylureas in humans with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) may be facilitated by studying the effect of long-term sulfonylurea administration to animal models of the disease. In this study two different versions of the neonatal streptozotocin-induced diabetes (STZ) rat model of NIDDM were used. The n5-STZ model (STZ on day 5 after birth), which is characterized by basal hyperglycemia, a marked reduction of pancreatic insulin stores, and insulin resistance, and the n0-STZ model (STZ on day of birth), which develops mild hyperglycemia, have an approximately 50% reduction in pancreatic insulin content, and no insulin resistance. The diabetic rats were given oral gliclazide (10 mg/kg/day) and compared with untreated diabetic rats and nondiabetic rats. Insulin secretion was studied the day after the last gliclazide dose using the isolated perfused pancreas preparation. In severely hyperglycemic n5-STZ rats (plasma glucose levels greater than 16 mmol/L) the long-term gliclazide treatment did not lower the plasma glucose values, did not affect pancreatic insulin stores, and did not significantly modify in vitro insulin release in response to glucose or arginine. In moderately hyperglycemic n5-STZ rats (plasma glucose levels less than 16 mmol/L) the plasma glucose levels declined progressively and reached a mean of 8 mmol/L at the end of gliclazide therapy. The increase in pancreatic insulin stores in n5-STZ rats remained marginal. In the n0-STZ rats gliclazide treatment did not significantly modify the plasma glucose levels or the pancreatic insulin stores. After gliclazide therapy in both the n5-STZ gliclazide responder group and the n0-STZ group: (a) in vitro glucose-induced insulin secretion was increased three- to fivefold; (b) the response to arginine, which is increased in diabetic rats, was amplified by two- to threefold; (c) insulin release in response to gliclazide was unchanged. In conclusion, long-term gliclazide therapy augments stimulated insulin secretion in these two rat models of NIDDM and does not induce any refractoriness to short-term sulfonylurea administration. The improvement of beta-cell function observed here was not related to the concomitant variations of hyperglycemia and/or pancreatic insulin content.
Spontaneous recovery from non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus induced by neonatal streptozotocin treatment in spontaneously hypertensive rats.; We studied the long-term change in glycemic level in a model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) induced by neonatal streptozotocin (STZ) treatment in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR). Two-day-old male SHR were intraperitoneally injected with 37.5 to 75.0 mg/kg of STZ or vehicle alone as control. According to nonfasting plasma glucose levels at 12 weeks of age, rats were divided into mild (less than 16.8 mmol/L) and severe (greater than or equal to 16.8 mmol/L) diabetes groups. In the mild diabetes group (n = 5), plasma glucose decreased significantly from 14.2 +/- 1.8 mmol/L (mean +/- SEM) at 20 weeks to 7.3 +/- 0.3 mmol/L at 52 weeks (P less than .05) with progressing age. At 52 weeks, overnight fasting plasma glucose levels were significantly lower and serum immunoreactive insulin (IRI) was higher than in controls, respectively (4.1 +/- 0.3 v 5.7 +/- 0.3 mmol/L, P less than 0.01; 625 +/- 50 v 409 +/- 50 pmol/L, P less than .05), and insulinoma was found in 60% of rats. Therefore, the recovery from hyperglycemia may be attributed to the development of insulinoma. In the severe diabetes group (n = 6), plasma glucose remained high until 28 weeks (27.2 +/- 1.5 mmol/L), but thereafter decreased with age, as it did in the mild diabetes group (13.7 +/- 3.5 mmol/L at 52 weeks, P less than .005). However, no insulinoma was found, and the mechanism for the recovery was unclear. The present study demonstrates that hyperglycemia spontaneously ameliorates in a neonatal STZ diabetes model of SHR, although this phenomenon may be strain-related.
Total and regional bone mineral content in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Total body bone mineral content and bone mineral content in various body sites were measured by dual-photon absorptiometry in 103 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and the findings were compared with those for 214 non-diabetic control subjects matched for age and body weight. Neither total body bone mineral content (TBBM) nor the bone mineral density of the third lumbar vertebra (L3 BMD) in the diabetic subjects differed from the values in control subjects of either sex, but the values were significantly decreased in patients diseased for at least five years when compared with control subjects. Regional bone mineral measurement showed prominent bone loss in the truncal site, but no reduction in bone mass was found in the head, pelvis, arms, or legs in either male or female patients. These results suggest that reduced TBBM and L3 BMD are associated with duration of the disease and that a site-specific bone defect is present in NIDDM.
[Postprandial lipemia in the non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patient. Effect of gemfibrozil].; The postprandial (PP) elevations in triglyceride rich lipoproteins are potentially atherogenic. To describe the characteristics of PP lipemia after a fat load in non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and evaluate the response to a fibric acid derivative, seven males with NIDDM were studied for 12 hours after the ingestion of a fat load (65 g of fat/square meter of body surface). Plasma glucose, and triglycerides and cholesterol levels were measured in total plasma and in the different lipoprotein fractions. The fat load study was repeated after four weeks of treatment with gemfibrozil (GEM) 600 mg x 2. PP triglyceridemia correlated significantly with the fasting triglyceride concentrations. Basal triglyceride levels diminished significantly with the use of gemfibrozil and so did the magnitude of the PP triglyceridemia. Otherwise the curve patterns of lipemia were similar before and after the use of the fibrate; only the triglyceridemia persisted for a longer period of time. Patients with NIDDM may have a significant PP lipemia which is not likely related to the diabetes per se as to the increased triglyceride levels frequently observed in these patients.
The transport of vitamin E in plasma and its correlation to plasma lipoproteins in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; It is known that plasma low density lipoproteins (LDL) contain a great amount of vitamin E and that LDL enter cells via the specific receptor-mediated mechanism. In this study, we aimed to investigate the transport of alpha-tocopherol from plasma to tissues in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with poor glycaemic control; and the relationships between alpha-tocopherol and plasma lipid and lipoprotein levels. alpha-Tocopherol determination was carried out by colorimetric assay according to the modified micromethod of Fabianek et al. The mean plasma alpha-tocopherol and (LDL + VLDL)-alpha-tocopherol levels increased significantly in the diabetic group as compared to control (P less than 0.05 and P less than 0.02), whereas the high density lipoprotein (HDL)-alpha-tocopherol level was significantly lower in the diabetic group than that in the controls (P less than 0.05). Correlations between plasma alpha-tocopherol levels showed close positive relationships (r = 0.87, r = 0.75 and r = 0.78, respectively, P less than 0.001). A strong positive correlation was also observed between alpha-tocopherol and the cholesterol content, either in the HDL or in the (LDL + VLDL) fractions (r = 0.75 and r = 0.77; P less than 0.001). These findings indicate that there is a direct positive relationship between lipid and alpha-tocopherol concentrations. The increased level of alpha-tocopherol in the LDL + VLDL fraction and decreased level in HDL in these patients could be attributed to the impairment of the cholesterol uptake of the cells by the receptor mediated mechanism.
Pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To elucidate the characteristics of diabetic nodular lesions and the process of progression of diabetic glomerulosclerosis, kidney specimens obtained from 185 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were observed using light, electron, and immunofluorescence microscopes. The results suggest the following. First, there are two distinct subtypes of nodular lesions: One is formed by the progression and expansion of diffuse lesions; the other, showing a concentrically layered structure, is probably formed in the process of reconstruction of mesangiolysis. Second, there are three phases in the process of progression of diabetic glomerulosclerosis: In the first phase, arteriolosclerosis and diffuse lesions appear; in the second phase, mesangiolysis and nodular lesions develop in association with moderately advanced arteriolosclerosis; and in the third phase, exudative lesions and hyalinized glomeruli appear in association with advanced arteriolosclerosis together with advanced interstitial lesions. In the progression of the phases and in the development of mesangiolysis and layered nodular lesions, disturbed blood flow into glomeruli in consequence of diabetic arteriolosclerosis could be essential.
Phosphate depletion with phosphate binder arrests the development of nephropathy in spontaneously hypertensive rats with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus fed a high-protein diet.; The protective effect of phosphate binder (PB) on nephropathy was examined in spontaneously hypertensive rats with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) fed a high-protein diet. The rats were treated with vehicle or streptozocin neonatally. After 14 weeks, all rats were fed a high-protein diet (50% protein content), and in half of the diabetic rats the diets were supplemented with PB. At 24 weeks, the urinary excretion rate of albumin and kidney weight increased in diabetic rats, but decreased or tended to decrease in diabetic rats treated with PB. The elevation of urinary excretion rate of N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase, probably due to protein load, was also abolished with PB.
Comparison of renal hemodynamics in early non-insulin-dependent and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The differences in deranged renal hemodynamics in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) have never been fully investigated. Whether or not autoregulatory mechanism of renal hemodynamics in NIDDM and IDDM is preserved remains to be clarified. In the present study we directly compared renal hemodynamics and its autoregulatory function in the early stage of NIDDM and IDDM before and after short-term glycemic control. Before glycemic control, mildly exaggerated glomerular filtration rate (GFR), subnormal renal plasma flow (RPF), and elevated filtration fraction (FF) were found in NIDDM as well as in IDDM; but there were no differences in these parameters of renal hemodynamics between the two types of diabetics. Glycemic control decreased GFR, whereas it did not alter RPF, resulting in normalization of FF in NIDDM and in IDDM. Before glycemic control, mean blood pressure was significantly correlated with GFR, but was not correlated after glycemic control in either type of diabetes. In conclusion, hyperglycemia induced glomerular hyperfiltration evenly and disturbed autoregulation of renal hemodynamics in NIDDM and in IDDM.
Glomerular charge selectivity in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To elucidate the stage of the charge selectivity defect in diabetic nephropathy, urinary excretions of IgG1 and IgG4 were measured in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and healthy controls. The molecular weights of IgG1 and IgG4 were the same but their isoelectric points were different. Therefore, by measuring both urinary IgG1 and IgG4 excretions, the stage of charge selectivity impairment in the nephropathy of NIDDM may be elucidated. Results were expressed as urinary excretion rate (IgG1 ER, IgG4 ER) and compared between diabetic patients with different urinary excretion rates of albumin (AER). IgG4 ER increased to the stage in which AER was more than 10 micrograms/min, whereas IgG1 ER did not increase to the stage of AER between 10 and 100 micrograms/min. This finding suggests that the charge selectivity defect in the kidney of the NIDDM patient is present at the stage when AER is more than 10 micrograms/min.
The etiology of microalbuminuria in early non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Glomerular or tubular contribution for microalbuminuria was estimated by assessing albumin excretion rate (AER) in glomerular urine obtained by L-arginine infusion (AI) and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in 20 non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients before and after glycemic control, and in 19 age-matched controls. Glycemic control normalized AER during AI, while it decreased AER before AI, though it was still above normal. Glycemic control increased tubular reabsorption rate of albumin, but it was still less than normal. Tubular reabsorption rate of albumin declined in close relation with duration of diabetes mellitus, while AER in glomerular urine had no correlation with the duration. GFR had no correlation with AER before or during AI. In conclusion, impaired tubular reabsorption of albumin plays a key role for microalbuminuria in NIDDM.
Altered expression of the two naturally occurring human insulin receptor variants in isolated adipocytes of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.; The human insulin receptor gene is expressed in two variant isoforms which differ by the absence (HIR-A) or presence (HIR-B) of 12 amino acids in the COOH-terminus of the extracellular alpha-subunit as a consequence of alternative splicing of exon 11. Expression of the two variant isoforms is regulated in a tissue-specific manner. In this study, we have measured the levels of the two receptor variants in isolated adipocytes from 10 non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 11 normal subjects using an immunological assay, based on the ability of a human anti-receptor autoantibody to discriminate between HIR-A and HIR-B. Results indicate that levels of HIR-B variant are increased in NIDDM patients.
Hypoglycemia associated hospitalizations in a population with a high prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; In order to evaluate the rates, causes, and clinical features of hospitalizations associated with hypoglycemia in a population with a high prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), a retrospective analysis of medical records was conducted in a multi-hospital primary care system on the Navajo Indian Reservation. During an estimated 26,125 person-years of observation among diabetic patients, there were 126 hypoglycemia-associated admissions related to diabetes among 109 diabetic patients, yielding a hospitalization rate of 4.7 per 1000 person-years (95% CI 4.1-5.7). Using estimates of drug utilization based on a defined daily dose, hospitalization rates were 5.8 per 1000 PY (95% CI 4.4-7.6) for chlorpropamide, 16.0 per 1000 PY (95% CI 9.5-26.9) for glyburide, and 9.1 per 1000 PY (95% CI 6.9-11.9) for insulin. After stratification by age, the relative risk for hypoglycemia-associated hospitalization among patients prescribed glyburide compared to those prescribed chlorpropamide was 2.8 (95% CI 1.6-4.9). Hypoglycemia-associated hospitalizations were relatively common among patients with NIDDM, particularly among those treated with glyburide.
Influence of glycemic control and hypertension on urinary microprotein excretion in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; In order to evaluate the influence of glycemic control and hypertension on the development of diabetic nephropathy, we measured urinary excretion of albumin (AER) and other microproteins in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and reexamined the 103 patients who had had AER less than 300 micrograms/min at the initial study 12-18 months later. AER in the patients with HbA1c greater than or equal to 7.5% increased significantly in both the normoalbuminuric (AER less than 30 micrograms/min) and microalbuminuric (30-300 micrograms/min) groups, whereas no significant change in AER was observed in the patients with HbA1c less than 7.5%. In the microalbuminuric group, AER in both hypertensive and normotensive patients increased significantly. In this group, the change in AER correlated positively with the change in alpha 1-microglobulin (alpha 1M). These results indicate that glycemic control has a greater influence on the development of nephropathy in its early stage than hypertension and that alpha 1M is as a good predictor of nephropathy as albumin.
Altered expression of insulin receptor types A and B in the skeletal muscle of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.; The human insulin receptor exists in two isoforms, HIR-A and HIR-B, which are generated by alternative splicing of a primary gene transcript and differ by a 12-amino acid insertion sequence in the alpha-subunit. The two receptor isoforms bind insulin with different affinities and are differentially expressed in human tissues. We report here a tissue-specific alteration of the insulin receptor RNA splice pattern in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. Whereas skeletal muscle of healthy individuals contains exclusively high-affinity HIR-A-encoding RNA, we consistently find low-affinity HIR-B RNA expression in NIDDM muscle tissue at levels similar to HIR-A.
Vanadate normalizes hyperglycemia in two mouse models of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We have studied the effects of oral administration of vanadate, an insulinometic agent and a potent inhibitor of phosphotyrosyl protein phosphatase (PTPase) in vitro, on blood glucose and PTPase action, in two hyperinsulinemic rodent models of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Oral administration of vanadate (0.25 mg/ml in the drinking water) to ob/ob mice for 3 wk lowered blood glucose level from 236 +/- 4 to 143 +/- 2 mg/dl without effect on body weight. Administration of vanadate to db/db mice produced a similar effect. Electron microscopic examination revealed no signs of hepatotoxicity after 47 d of treatment. There was a slight reduction in insulin receptor autophosphorylation when tested by immunoblotting with antiphosphotyrosine antibody after in vivo stimulation, and the phosphorylation of the endogenous substrate of the insulin receptor, pp185, was markedly decreased in the ob/ob mice. Both cytosolic and particulate PTPase activities in liver of ob/ob mice measured by dephosphorylation of a 32P-labeled peptide corresponding to the major site of insulin receptor autophosphorylation were decreased by approximately 50% (P less than 0.01). In db/db diabetic mice, PTPase activity in the cytosolic fraction was decreased to 53% of control values (P less than 0.02) with no significant difference in the particulate PTPase activity. Treatment with vanadate did not alter hepatic PTPase activity as assayed in vitro, or receptor and substrate phosphorylation as assayed in vivo, in ob/ob mice despite its substantial effect on blood glucose. These data indicate that vanadate is an effective oral hypoglycemic treatment in NIDDM states and suggest that its major effects occurs distal to the insulin receptor tyrosine kinase.
Physical activity and incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in women.; The potential role of physical activity in the primary prevention of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is largely unknown. We examined the association between regular vigorous exercise and the subsequent incidence of NIDDM in a prospective cohort of 87,253 US women aged 34-59 years and free of diagnosed diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer in 1980. During 8 years of follow-up, we confirmed 1303 cases of NIDDM. Women who engaged in vigorous exercise at least once per week had an age-adjusted relative risk (RR) of NIDDM of 0.67 (p less than 0.0001) compared with women who did not exercise weekly. After adjustment for body-mass index, the reduction in risk was attenuated but remained statistically significant (RR = 0.84, p = 0.005). When analysis was restricted to the first 2 years after ascertainment of physical activity level and to symptomatic NIDDM as the outcome, age-adjusted RR of those who exercised was 0.5, and age and body-mass index adjusted RR was 0.69. Among women who exercised at least once per week, there was no clear dose-response gradient according to frequency of exercise. Family history of diabetes did not modify the effect of exercise, and risk reduction with exercise was evident among both obese and nonobese women. Multivariate adjustments for age, body-mass index, family history of diabetes, and other variables did not alter the reduced risk found with exercise. Our results indicate that physical activity may be a promising approach to the primary prevention of NIDDM.
Effect of alpha-adrenergic blockade on blood pressure, glucose, and lipid metabolism in hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To clarify the long-term effects of alpha-adrenergic blockade on blood pressure, glucose, and lipid metabolism, a selective alpha 1-adrenergic inhibitor (prazosin, 1.0 to 2.0 mg/day in divided doses) was administered as a single antihypertensive agent to 10 (four men and six women, aged 52 to 76 years) hypertensive patients (systolic blood pressure [SBP] greater than or equal to 150 mm Hg or diastolic blood pressure [DBP] greater than or equal to 90 mm Hg) with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) for up to 20 weeks. Blood pressure, glucose tolerance and immunoreactive insulin (IRI) response to 75 gm oral glucose load, hemoglobin A1 (Hb A1), serum lipid profile, and serum apolipoprotein were examined before and after treatment. SBP and DBP were significantly reduced at 20 weeks after treatment with the selective alpha 1-adrenergic inhibitor (SBP 167 +/- 6 mm Hg versus 152 +/- 7 mm Hg; DBP 81 +/- 3 mm Hg versus 76 +/- 3 mm Hg, (p less than 0.05 and p less than 0.01, respectively). Glucose tolerance and IRI response to glucose load were not significantly changed at 4 and 12 to 20 weeks after selective alpha 1-inhibitor treatment compared with the baseline data before treatment; the level of Hb A1 was not significantly changed at 4 and 20 weeks after treatment.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Dietary management of nursing home residents with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Eighteen residents with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) from two skilled nursing facilities were monitored for glycemic control on diabetic and regular diets provided by the institution. Weekly fasting plasma glucose and 1-d dietary intake were followed for 16 wk: 4 wk on diabetic diets before and after an 8-wk regular-diet period. All residents were in good glycemic control (fasting plasma glucose 7.0 +/- 0.6 mmol/L) at entry into the study. During the regular-diet period, fasting plasma glucose increased an average of 0.6 mmol/L for all residents. Caloric intake increased during the regular-diet period although body weight did not change significantly. In both study periods nutrient intake of the residents met or exceeded the Recommended Dietary Allowances for the age group. These results indicate that the short-term substitution of regular for diabetic diets did not result in gross deterioration of glycemic control in patients with NIDDM confined to chronic-care facilities.
Long-term effects of dietary fructose on carbohydrate metabolism in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The effect of dietary fructose on glycemic control in subjects with diabetes mellitus is controversial. Therefore our aim was to conduct a long-term study to examine the effects of dietary fructose on glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity and to delineate the mechanisms for the effects observed. Six subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) who were being treated by diet alone consumed 13% of their calories as fructose incorporated into mixed meals in place of sucrose for 3 months as inpatients on a metabolic ward. The following parameters were measured: (1) weekly fasting plasma-glucose concentrations, (2) postprandial serum glucose and insulin levels after four sugar tolerance tests, (3) basal hepatic glucose production, and (4) hepatic and whole-body insulin sensitivity determined during a hyperinsulinemic, euglycemic clamp. When modest amounts of fructose were substituted for sucrose in the diet for 3 months, basal hepatic glucose output remained unchanged (12.84 +/- 1.83 nmol/kg/min v 12.51 +/- 2.00 nmol/kg/min) as did hepatic insulin sensitivity (92% +/- 4% v 93% +/- 4% suppression) and peripheral glucose disposal (22.52 +/- 4.56 nmol/kg/min v 25.80 +/- 9.45 nmol/kg/min) to a 860 pmol/m2/min insulin infusion at euglycemia (4.8 mmol/L). Fructose feeding also did not alter fasting plasma-glucose concentrations or postprandial plasma glucose and insulin responses to oral glucose or fructose loads or to mixed meals containing either sucrose or fructose. In conclusion, substitution of physiologic amounts of sucrose by fructose for prolonged periods is unlikely to have adverse effects on glucose metabolism in diabetic subjects who are being treated with diet alone.
Low urinary chiro-inositol excretion in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND AND METHODS: Inositol is a major component of the intracellular mediators of insulin action. To investigate the possible role of altered inositol metabolism in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we used gas chromatography and mass spectrometry to measure the myo-inositol and chiro-inositol content of urine specimens from normal subjects and patients with NIDDM: The study subjects were whites, blacks, and Pima Indians. The type of inositol and its concentration in insulin-mediator preparations from muscle-biopsy specimens from normal subjects and diabetic patients were also determined., RESULTS: The urinary excretion of chiro-inositol was much lower in the patients with NIDDM (mean [+/- SE], 1.8 +/- 0.8 mumol per day) than in the normal subjects (mean, 84.9 +/- 26.9 mumol per day; P less than 0.01). In contrast, the mean urinary myo-inositol excretion was higher in the diabetic patients than in the normal subjects (444 +/- 135 vs. 176 +/- 46 mumol per day; P less than 0.05). There was no correlation between chiro-inositol excretion and the age, sex, or weight of the diabetic patients, nor was there any correlation between urinary chiro-inositol and myo-inositol excretion in either group. The results were similar in a primate model of NIDDM, and chiro-inositol excretion was decreased to a lesser extent in animals with prediabetic insulin resistance. chiro-Inositol was undetectable in insulin-mediator preparations from muscle-biopsy samples obtained from patients with NIDDM: Similar preparations from normal subjects contained substantial amounts of chiro-inositol. Furthermore, the chiro-inositol content of such preparations increased after the administration of insulin during euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic-clamp studies in normal subjects but not in patients with NIDDM:, CONCLUSIONS: NIDDM is associated with decreased chiro-inositol excretion and decreased chiro-inositol content in muscle. These abnormalities seem to reflect the presence of insulin resistance in NIDDM:
Detection of liver membrane antibodies in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Circulating liver membrane antibodies (LMAb) were examined in 71 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) without liver dysfunction and 16 cases of KK mouse as a model of obese diabetic animals. LMAb were detected in 10 NIDDM patients (14.1%). Fasting blood glucose, glycosylated serum albumin (G-Alb), and glycosylated hemoglobin A1 (HbA1) levels were compared with LMAb-positive and negative groups. The G-Alb levels and HbA1 levels of the LMAb-positive group were significantly higher (p less than 0.05 and p less than 0.01, respectively) than those of the LMAb-negative group. In addition, there were no differences in histological findings in KK mouse liver between the LMAb-positive and negative cases. These results revealed that the state of continued high blood glucose directly or indirectly influence the autoimmunity and clinical features of NIDDM patients.
Resting electrocardiographic abnormalities suggestive of asymptomatic ischemic heart disease associated with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in a defined population.; The prevalence of ischemic heart disease (IHD) in older adults by glucose tolerance status was evaluated in 2,223 white men and women, aged 50-89 years, in the Rancho Bernardo cohort who were studied between 1984 and 1987. Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were classified according to World Health Organization criteria. End points of ischemic heart disease were defined by Rose Questionnaire and resting electrocardiogram (ECG) according to the Minnesota Code. IHD by electrocardiographic changes was classified as asymptomatic (without history of chest pain or overt IHD) or symptomatic (with history). IHD by all criteria combined was significantly more common in men and women with NIDDM, and in women with IGT, than in those with normal glucose tolerance. The prevalence of myocardial infarction, defined by major Q wave, Rose Questionnaire chest pain criteria, or personal history, was higher in persons with NIDDM than in persons without; the difference was highly significant in women (odds ratio, 2.08 [1.22, 3.56]; p = 0.009). Angina pectoris was not significantly related to NIDDM or IGT in either sex. Electrocardiographic evidence of asymptomatic IHD was significantly more prevalent in both men and women with NIDDM as compared with those with normal glucose tolerance (odds ratios, 1.75 [1.10, 2.81] for men and 1.80 [1.07, 3.01] for women; p less than 0.05). This significant association persisted after excluding persons on digitlis or diuretic therapy and, in women, was also independent of the effect of major known IHD risk factors. These population-based data are consistent with clinical reports suggesting an association of diabetes with silent myocardial infarction or ischemia. The presence of ischemic resting electrocardiographic abnormalities in the asymptomatic diabetic patient is likely to have prognostic and therapeutic implications.
[Serum and urinary cell growth factors in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].; Serum very low molecular weight growth factor like-activity (S-VLMGA, molecular weight less than 3,000) and serum and urinary epidermal growth factor (S-, U-EGF) were investigated in 180 patients of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) by bioassay using skin fibroblast cells (CCD-27 SK) and enzyme- and radio-immunoassay, respectively. S-VLMGA was slightly elevated in NIDDM patients with retinopathy (RET) and/or neuropathy (NEU), but slightly decreased in those with nephropathy (NEP) compared with patients without complications, though the differences were not significant (without complications: 122 +/- 9, with RET and/or NEU and without NEP: 145 +/- 15, all with NEP: 110 +/- 8% of increased growth activity, mean +/- SE). The similar tendencies were seen in S- and U-EGF in the same groups. However the changes in S-EGF were small and the decrease of U-EGF in patients with NEP was remarkable (U-EGF of without complications: 22.7 +/- 2.5, with RET and/or NEU and without NEP: 24.5 +/- 4.2, all with NEP: 17.6 +/- 3.2 ng/mg creatinine, mean +/- SE). Furthermore, S-VLMGA was inversely, but U-EGF was positively related with the creatinine urinary vs serum ratio. Thus the concentrations of VLMGA and EGF in serum and urine depend on a renal permeability.
Sex-specific vs. unisex body mass indices as predictors of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in older adults.; In order to examine sex differences in the association of obesity with the risk of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) when using the body mass index (BMI), we compared unisex body mass index classifications with sex-specific categories, as defined by the Metropolitan Life Tables, based on their utility in predicting the 12-year incidence of NIDDM in men and women. The present analysis included all 747 men and 969 women from a defined older caucasian population in Rancho Bernardo, California, who were 40 years of age or older at the baseline examination in 1972-1974 and who had complete diabetes-related data available then and between 1984-1987. The 12-year age-adjusted incidence rates for NIDDM increased with increasing BMI among women (all steps significant), but was significantly increased only in the most obese category of men (relative risk (RR) = 2.3, P less than 0.05 for men; RR = 3.8, P less than 0.001 for women). Men and women had nearly identical rates of NIDDM in this obese category. When identical (unisex) BMI cutpoints were used, results were the same; (RR = 2.4, P less than 0.05 for men; RR = 3.1, P less than 0.01 for women). These data indicate that unisex and sex-specific cutpoints for BMI identify the same sex-specific patterns of association between obesity and risk of NIDDM.
Effects of weight cycling on metabolic control in male outpatients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Examined the effects of weight cycling (i.e., losing and regaining or gaining and relosing body weight) versus weight maintenance on metabolic control in 327 adult, male, outpatient veterans with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) who were followed over an average of 3.4 years. When compared with weight maintenance, weight cycling, whether defined as a categorical or as a continuous variable, was not found to be associated with deficits in metabolic control or increased need for hypoglycemic medication. Patients who weight cycled had fasting serum glucose and hemoglobin A1c levels comparable to those who remained within 10% of their initial body weights, and these levels of metabolic control were obtained with similar classes and dosages of hypoglycemic medication.
[Effect of ke-tang-Ling administration on the function of pancreatic islets cells in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].; Radioimmunoassay methods were modified for insulin(IRI), C-peptide (IRCP) and glucagon (IRG) in the clinical investigation on normal subjects and 38 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). In the control group, the peaks of glucose and IRI appeared 1 hour after glucose was taken. IRCP peak, however, appeared 1 hour later. IRG showed its maximum value on fasting and then reached its lowest point at the second hour after glucose loading. The authors' interests were focused on the changes of blood glucose, IRI, IRCP, and IRG in oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) before and after Ke-Tang-Ling (KTL) was administered in NIDDM. The results demonstrate that the glucose levels and undercure areas at various phases in OGTT were significantly decreased (P less than 0.01) in comparison of before and after the treatment with KTL in NIDDM (including obese and non-obese groups). In non-obese group, however, IRI, IRCP, and their undercure were remarkably increased (P less than 0.01). In obese group their values were decreased. It suggests that KTL plays a therapeutic role in decreasing blood glucose in non-obese NIDDM. The mechanism involved in this process may be related to its stimulating effect. IRG levels were decreased also (P less than 0.01) after the treatment with KTL in both obese and non-obese NIDDM, suggesting an inhibitory effect on glucagon secretion from alpha cells in pancrease.
Increased prevalence of clinical gallbladder disease in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The association between non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and the prevalence of gallbladder disease remains controversial. The authors investigated this association in 1,250 men and 1,656 women from the San Antonio Heart Study (1984-1988) a population-based study of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. A total of 68% of the subjects were Mexican American, a population at high risk for both gallbladder disease and NIDDM. Gallbladder disease was assessed by self-report, and the prevalence of diabetes was determined using National Diabetes Data Group criteria. NIDDM was significantly associated with gallbladder disease in Mexican-American men and women and in non-Hispanic white women. After adjustment for age, body mass index, ratio of waist-to-hip circumference, and ethnicity, using multiple logistic regression, the odds of gallbladder disease in women was 1.6 times higher if NIDDM was present (odds ratio = 1.60, 95% confidence interval 1.08-2.37). Mexican-American women also had a significantly increased prevalence of gallbladder disease relative to non-Hispanic white women (odds ratio = 2.21, 95% confidence interval 1.50-3.28). In nondiabetic women, fasting insulin was significantly related to prevalence of gallbladder disease in univariate analyses, but not in multivariate analyses. The authors conclude that women with diabetes have an increased prevalence of gallbladder disease relative to nondiabetic women and that this association is not explained by the greater adiposity or unfavorable body fat distribution of the diabetic subjects.
Elevated plasma atrial natriuretic peptide level in the early phase of microalbuminuria in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Plasma atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) levels were examined in 66 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and in 9 age-matched normal controls and 18 hypertensive controls. The diabetic patients were classified into three groups according to random urine albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR, mg/g or mg/88.4 nM); group 1 (normo-albuminuria, ACR less than 20, n = 34), group 2 (borderline microcalbuminuria, 20 less than or equal to ACR less than 100, n = 17) and group 3 (manifest microalbuminuria and macroalbuminuria, 100 less than or equal to ACR less than 2000, n = 15). Plasma ANP levels (pg per ml) were significantly elevated in group 2 (46.0 +/- 19.0 SD) when compared with either normal controls (23.8 +/- 14.2), group 1 (28.9 +/- 15.6) or group 3 (26.0 +/- 12.9). This increase in plasma ANP levels was not related to hypertension. Furthermore, plasma ANP levels correlated positively with log(ACR) among the patients with ACR under 100 (groups 1 and 2 combined, r = 0.4701, p less than 0.01). These results suggest that an elevated plasma ANP level in the early phase of microalbuminuria possibly plays a pathophysiological role in the development of nephropathy in NIDDM patients.
Metabolic effects of ramipril treatment in hypertensive subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The antihypertensive and metabolic effects of the new long-acting angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, ramipril (Hoe 498), were assessed in 21 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) over a 12-week treatment period. In an average dose of 5 mg given once daily, ramipril effectively reduced the elevated blood pressure. In 74% of the cases systolic and diastolic blood pressure was normalised during monotherapy. Mean blood glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbAI) values showed a slight but significant (p less than 0.05) decrease at the end of the ramipril treatment period (glucose: 8.5 +/- 1.4 mmol/l vs 8.0 +/- 0.9 mmol/l; HbAI: 10.0 +/- 1.3% vs 9.7 +/- 1.1%). C-peptide levels did not change. Since there was also a small reduction of body weight during treatment, the observed hypoglycemic response could not be fully ascribed to ramipril. Also, a reduction in total cholesterol and an increase of HDL cholesterol could be documented during treatment with ramipril. The reduction in body weight could also be made partly responsible for this positive effect on lipid metabolism. No serious side effects were reported during the entire study period. Due to these beneficial effects, ramipril can be recommended as first-line drug in the management of hypertensive subjects with NIDDM.
Skeletal muscle glycogen synthase activity in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus after glyburide therapy.; Sulfonylureas are used in the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) largely because of their ability to enhance insulin secretion and possibly to potentiate insulin action. In this study, we investigated the effects of chronic glyburide treatment on glycogen synthase activity determined in skeletal muscle biopsies taken during euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamps in nine Pima Indians with NIDDM. Insulin was infused at the rate of 40 mU/m2/min (low dose) followed by 400 mU/m2/min (high dose). Compared with the fasting value, the mean glycogen synthase activity assayed at low glucose-6-phosphate (G6P) concentration (active glycogen synthase) showed no significant changes during insulin infusion before glyburide treatment. After glyburide treatment, the mean active glycogen synthase increased by 39% (P less than .05) above the fasting value during the high-dose insulin infusion. Total glycogen synthase activity assayed at high G6P concentration did not change after glyburide treatment. Changes of insulin-stimulated active glycogen synthase associated with glyburide treatment correlated with changes in total body glucose disposal rates (r = .70, P less than .05) during euglycemic clamps. We conclude that glyburide treatment of subjects with NIDDM is associated with an increase in insulin action in vivo and concomitantly with improved insulin action on skeletal muscle glycogen synthase.
Postprandial changes in cytosolic free calcium and glucose uptake in adipocytes in obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We evaluated the possible relationship between [Ca2+]i and glucose uptake in the postabsorptive state and postprandially in adipocytes obtained from normal and obese subjects, as well as from patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Adipocytes isolated from overnight-fasted obese and NIDDM patients revealed high levels of [Ca2+]i (p less than 0.05 vs. control) in association with a decreased insulin-stimulated glucose uptake (p less than 0.05 vs. controls). In obese and NIDDM patients treated with oral hypoglycemic agents, the overnight fasting levels of [Ca2+]i were increased postprandially (p less than 0.05), concomitantly with a further decrease in insulin-stimulated 2-deoxyglucose uptake. Although the precise nature of the relationship between [Ca2+]i in specific insulin target tissues and diminished insulin action remains unknown, it is clear that high levels of [Ca2+]i may contribute to the development of insulin resistance.
Polymorphic locus in the 5'-flanking region of human insulin gene and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The etiology of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is still unclear, but appears to involve some genetic factors. There have been disputes over the association between DNA sequences flanking the insulin gene and NIDDM. In order to characterize insulin gene polymorphism in the Chinese population and elucidate its association with NIDDM, 100 unrelated Chinese subjects living in Taiwan were observed for polymorphism of this hypervariable region. Most of them were descendants of immigrants from the southern part of mainland China. Among them, 52 were nondiabetic controls, and 48 were subjects with NIDDM. Insulin gene polymorphism was classified into classes 1, 2 and 3 alleles according to Bell et al. Neither the class 2 allele nor the genotype for the homozygous class 3 allele was not observed in this study. The allelic frequencies of class 1 and 3 genes were 97% and 3% in the nondiabetic subjects, and 99% and 1% in the NIDDM group, respectively. The frequencies of genotypes 1/1 and 1/3 were 94% and 6% in nondiabetics and 98% and 2% in the NIDDM group, respectively. No significant association was found between insulin gene polymorphism and NIDDM. It is concluded that DNA marker flanking the insulin gene may not be associated with the development of NIDDM in Chinese subjects.
Metabolic effects of diuretic and beta-blocker treatment of hypertension in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and hypertension were studied before and after three months of combined beta-blocker-diuretic treatment. Blood pressure fell significantly (P less than .001) from (mean +/- SEM) 167 +/- 3/99 +/- 1 to 142 +/- 3/88 +/- 1 mm Hg. However, mean (+/- SEM) fasting plasma glucose concentration increased significantly (P less than .001) from 132 +/- 11 to 153 +/- 10 mg/dL. In addition, significant increases (P less than .05) were noted in fasting concentration of plasma total triglyceride, very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL)-triglyceride and VLDL-cholesterol, whereas fasting plasma high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol was significantly lower (P less than .05). Thus, a common treatment program for hypertension exacerbated the abnormalities of carbohydrate and lipid metabolism commonly present in patients with NIDDM. Since the changes noted would increase risk of vascular disease, attention should be focused on selection of treatment programs for lowering blood pressure in patients with NIDDM in order to avoid this outcome.
The effect of parity on the later development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus or impaired glucose tolerance.; To determine the effect of parity on the later development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus or impaired glucose tolerance, we studied a population-based sample of 1186 women at least 40 years of age; those who had been given a diagnosis of diabetes mellitus before the age of 40 or who had insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus were excluded from the study. On the basis of the World Health Organization's criteria, 714 had normal glucose tolerance, 326 had impaired glucose tolerance, and 146 had non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). After adjustment for age, obesity, and family history of diabetes, increased parity was associated with a significantly increased risk of both NIDDM (odds ratio, 1.16 [95 percent confidence interval, 1.04 to 1.29] per pregnancy) and impaired glucose tolerance (odds ratio 1.10 [95 percent confidence interval, 1.01 to 1.19] per pregnancy). Obesity, whether estimated by means of the body-mass index or the waist-hip ratio, was significantly associated with an increased risk of both NIDDM and impaired glucose tolerance, but this factor did not explain the association between parity and diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance; neither the maximal lifetime body-mass index nor the waist-hip ratio was significantly associated with parity in this cohort. We conclude that there is a slight increase in the risk of NIDDM or impaired glucose tolerance with increasing parity many years after childbearing and that this association is not explained by obesity.
[Activity of the coagulation and fibrinolysis in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. In vivo study].; In vivo study of blood coagulation and fibrinolysis activities in non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. The aim of the study was to investigate in vivo blood coagulation and fibrinolysis activities in a group of diabetic patients NIDDM with and without vascular complications. For this purpose we determined two sensitive indicators in vivo of blood coagulation and fibrinolytic activities such as fibrinopeptide A and B beta 15-42 respectively. Moreover, we computed the ratio between B beta 15-42 and fibrinopeptide A in order to investigate a possible imbalance in vivo between blood coagulation and fibrinolysis. Control groups were 15 healthy subjects and 28 non diabetic patients affected by atherosclerotic disease. Fibrinopeptide A and B beta values were significantly higher in the diabetic patients than controls but there was no difference between the former group and the atherosclerotic patients. Also, no correlation was found for FPA, B beta, B beta/FPAr and HbAlc, fructosamine and blood glucose levels. There was no difference in B beta, FPA and B beta/FPAr values for patients treated with insulin and for those treated with either hypoglycemic agents or diet. Our data indicate that in diabetic patients fibrinolysis activity is increased, but it cannot counterbalance thrombin activity which appears much more enhanced. Finally, the lack of correlation for FPA, B beta, B beta/FPAr and HbAlc, fructosamine and blood glucose suggests that blood coagulation and fibronolysis abnormalities are not related to the degree of blood glucose control.
[Use of autoblood photomodification in combined therapy of patients with diabetes mellitus of the non-insulin-dependent type].; The paper is concerned with the results of a study of the effect of single reinfusion of photomodified autoblood on the level of plasma hormones, lipid peroxidation and antioxidant system of erythrocytes, the activity of the main enzymes of glucose metabolism in erythrocytes, the state of cellular immunity in 45 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in 1.7 and 14 days after autoblood photomodification (BPM). BPM was shown to cause a prolonged effect of the activation of intracellular glucose metabolism, a decrease in the endogenous insulin consumption by tissues, and a decrease in the blood concentration of hormones of contrainsular action. The use of BPM enhanced lipid peroxidation and the activity of the antioxidant system of erythrocytes. Higher activity of immunocompetent lymphocytes was in line with the time course of the hormone level. The authors proposed a hypothesis accounting for a many-sided effect of BPM on glucose metabolism and hormonal changes in NIDDM patients.
A defective intramolecular autoactivation cascade may cause the reduced kinase activity of the skeletal muscle insulin receptor from patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The insulin receptor purified from skeletal muscle of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) displayed a 25-55% reduction in insulin-stimulated autophosphorylation and tyrosyl-specific phosphotransferase activity relative to controls. This decrease was not explained by alterations of muscle fiber composition, insulin binding affinity or capacity, or the Km values for ATP; the lower kinase activity was entirely attributed to a decrease in the Vmax of the enzyme. Phosphorylation sites in the beta-subunit of the control and diabetic receptor were identified by tryptic digestion and reverse-phase high performance liquid chromatography. Autophosphorylation occurred primarily in two regions of the beta-subunit: the regulatory region containing Tyr-1146, Tyr-1150, and Tyr-1151, and the C terminus containing Tyr-1316 and 1322. Autophosphorylation of the regulatory region at all three tyrosyl residues (tris-phosphorylation) appears to be necessary to activate the receptor kinase (White, M. F., Shoelson, S. E., Stepman, E. W., Keutmann, H. & Kahn, C. R. (1988) J. Biol. Chem. 263, 2969-2980). The receptor from NIDDM patients showed a decreased level of tris-phosphorylation of the regulatory region which was closely associated (r2 = 0.97) with the decreased kinase activity. In contrast, weak associations were found between kinase activity and the bis-phosphorylated forms of the regulatory region (r2 = 0.51) and the C terminus (r2 = 0.35). Therefore, the reduced formation of the tris-phosphorylated regulatory region in the diabetic receptors suggests that a defective autophosphorylation cascade leading to tris-phosphorylation of the regulatory region may cause, in part, the reduced insulin-stimulated kinase activity of the insulin receptor in muscle of NIDDM patients.
Effects of high-fructose (90%) corn syrup on plasma glucose, insulin, and C-peptide in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and normal subjects.; Interest in sweetening agents is encouraging manufacturers and researchers to find a safe substance to maintain the life quality of diabetics. The popularity of sweetened food items has increased recently in Taiwan. The glycemic index of fructose has been reported to be 20%, much lower than most carbohydrate foods. A high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS) has come onto the market of sweetening agents and has been proposed as a low-cost substitute for fructose in dietetic management of diabetes. The aim of this study was to compare the glycemic effects of HFCS and glucose to see if there is a place for high-fructose corn syrup in diabetic management. In 8 normal and 21 non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) subjects, we performed oral tolerance tests. After an overnight fast, the subjects were given either 75g of glucose or an equivalent amount of HFCS containing 75g of carbohydrate. Blood was sampled before and at 30, 60, 90, 120 and 180 minutes after the glucose load. Blood glucose was analyzed by the glucose oxidase method using YSI 23 A (Yellow-Springs Intrument). The insulin and C-peptide were measured by RIA kits from Daiichi. The area under the curves (AUC) was calculated for plasma glucose, immunoreactive insulin (IRI) and immunoreactive C-peptide (IRCP). The results showed that the glycemic effect of HFCS was 73% of glucose. The AUC of IRI after HFCS was 56% of that of glucose. The AUC of IRCP after HFCS was 57% of that of glucose. The high glycemic index of HFCS in our study does not support the use of HFCS as a substitute for fructose.
Early metabolic defects in persons at increased risk for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To identify early metabolic abnormalities in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we measured sensitivity to insulin and insulin secretion in 26 first-degree relatives of patients with NIDDM and compared these subjects both with 14 healthy control subjects with no family history of NIDDM and with 19 patients with NIDDM. The euglycemic insulin-clamp technique, indirect calorimetry, and infusion of [3-3H]glucose were used to assess insulin sensitivity. Total-body glucose metabolism was impaired in the first-degree relatives as compared with the controls (P less than 0.01). The defect in glucose metabolism was almost completely accounted for by a defect in nonoxidative glucose metabolism (primarily the storage of glucose as glycogen). The relatives with normal rates of metabolism (mean +/- SEM, 1.81 +/- 0.27 mg per kilogram of body weight per minute) and impaired rates (1.40 +/- 0.22 mg per kilogram per minute) in oral glucose-tolerance tests had the same degree of impairment in glucose storage as compared with healthy control subjects (3.76 +/- 0.55 mg per kilogram per minute; P less than 0.01 for both comparisons). During hyperglycemic clamping, first-phase insulin secretion was lacking in patients with NIDDM (P less than 0.01) and severely impaired in their relatives with impaired glucose tolerance (P less than 0.05) as compared with control subjects; insulin secretion was normal in the relatives with normal glucose tolerance. We conclude that impaired glucose metabolism is common in the first-degree relatives of patients with NIDDM, despite their normal results on oral glucose-tolerance tests. Both insulin resistance and impaired insulin secretion are necessary for the development of impaired glucose tolerance in these subjects.
Insulin antibodies in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: effect of treatment with semisynthetic human insulin.; This multicenter study of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) was undertaken (1) to determine the incidence of insulin antibody formation in such patients before exposure to exogenous insulin; (2) to assess the long-term immunologic response to semisynthetic human insulin (ssHI) in new insulin users and in patients transferred from animal insulin; and (3) to document the efficacy and safety of ssHI in both new and transfer patients. In addition, a substudy at one participating center was designed to compare the effects of a twice-daily versus a once-daily regimen in initiating ssHI therapy in new patients with uncontrolled NIDDM. Among the 37 new patients, only one had detectable insulin antibody levels before administration of insulin. After ssHI therapy was begun, this patient's antibody levels rapidly fell below the assay's limit of detection. Detectable levels of antibodies to human insulin were found in only 36% of 28 new patients after 12 months of therapy. As expected, the prevalence of insulin antibodies among animal-insulin users was high: 82% of the 17 transfer patients had detectable insulin antibody levels (mean, 2.27 mU/ml) at baseline. After six months of treatment with ssHI, antibody levels decreased significantly (mean, 0.75 mU/ml; P less than 0.05). Control of glycemia was assessed by measurement of glycosylated hemoglobin. Values decreased significantly (P less than 0.01) in the new patients after the introduction of ssHI and remained stable in the transfer group after initiation of ssHI therapy. Hypoglycemic episodes were infrequent in both groups. In initiating ssHI therapy in new patients hospitalized with uncontrolled NIDDM, a twice-daily regimen resulted in a more rapid normalization of glycemia and earlier discharge than did the standard once-daily regimen. In conclusion, the results of this study provide further evidence that NIDDM and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) are immunologically different disorders, with the immune system probably not involved in the pathogenesis of NIDDM. The data also indicate that ssHI is less immunogenic than animal insulin and that it is effective and safe in the management of NIDDM both in first-time insulin users and in patients transferred from animal-species insulin. Thus ssHI would appear to be useful in treating NIDDM, especially in patients who require intermittent insulin therapy.
Assessment of the postprandial pattern of glucose metabolism in nondiabetic subjects and patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus using a simultaneous infusion of [2(3)H] and [3(3)H] glucose.; Glucose turnover determined with tritiated isotopes of glucose is subject to potential error due to glucose/glucose-6-phosphate cycling and/or cycling through glycogen. To determine the extent to which these processes alter the apparent pattern of postprandial glucose metabolism, we measured glucose turnover simultaneously with [2(3)H] glucose (an isotope that minimally cycles through glycogen but is extensively detritiated during glucose/glucose-6-phosphate cycling) and [3(3)H] glucose (an isotope that is not detritiated during glucose/glucose-6-phosphate cycling but can cycle through glycogen). Glucose turnover was measured in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and nondiabetic subjects both before and after ingestion of a carbohydrate meal isotopically with labeled [6(14)C] glucose. In the postabsorptive state hepatic glucose appearance was higher (P less than .05) when determined with [2(3)H] glucose than with [3(3)H] glucose in the diabetic patients, but not in the nondiabetic subjects. After glucose ingestion the integrated responses of glucose appearance, systemic entry of ingested glucose, and hepatic glucose release all were higher (P less than .05) when determined with [2(3)H] glucose compared to [3(3)H] glucose in both the diabetic and nondiabetic subjects. However, the absolute difference between glucose turnover measured with [2(3)H] and [3(3)H] glucose were similar in the diabetic and nondiabetic subjects. Both isotopes provided a similar assessment of postprandial carbohydrate metabolism, indicating that either isotope can be used with equal efficacy to compare postprandial carbohydrate metabolism in patients with NIDDM and nondiabetic subjects.
Increased furosemide-sensitive sodium influx into erythrocytes in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus associated with hypertension.; Our previous study demonstrated increased sodium (Na+) influx into ouabain-treated erythrocytes in diabetic patients with hypertension. The present study was designed to estimate the effect of furosemide on the Na+ influx in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with hypertension. Both Na+ influx in the absence of furosemide (total Na+ influx; TNaI) and furosemide-sensitive Na+ influx (FSNaI) were increased in patients with essential hypertension (group 1, n = 22) than those in non-diabetic, normotensive control subjects without family history of hypertension (control group, n = 26, P less than 0.001 and P less than 0.001, respectively). TNaI and FSNaI in diabetic patients without hypertension (group 2, n = 28) were also higher than those in the control group (P less than 0.02 and P less than 0.001, respectively), but no significant differences were found in TNaI or FSNaI between groups 1 and 2. TNaI and FSNaI in diabetic patients with hypertension (group 3, n = 19) were elevated than those in control group (P less than 0.001 and P less than 0.001, respectively), in group 1 (P less than 0.05 and P less than 0.02, respectively) and in group 2 (P less than 0.001 and P less than 0.001, respectively). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
[Secretion of atrial natriuretic peptide in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and effect of autonomic neuropathy].; In order to clarify the mode of atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) release and the effect of autonomic nerve function on ANP release, we measured plasma ANP concentrations in response to hypertonic saline infusion in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) having or not having autonomic neuropathy (AN). Studies were made on 72 normal subjects (male 44, female 28; 53.0 +/- 0.9 yr.), and 63 patients with NIDDM (male 36, female 27; 56.9 +/- 2.1 yr.). The patients with NIDDM were divided into two groups: Group A was 48 diabetics without AN, and Group B was 15 diabetics with AN. Six patients selected randomly from each group and 6 normal subjects were given an infusion of hypertonic saline (2.5% NaCl) at a rate of 0.25 ml/min/kg over 45 min. Autonomic nerve function was estimated by clinical symptoms, coefficient of variation of R-R intervals (CVR-R), Valsalva test and Schellong test. Plasma ANP concentration was measured by a sensitive and specific radioimmunoassay (RIA) after extraction using SEP-PAK C18 cartridge reported previously. The mean plasma concentration of ANP was 20.7 +/- 1.8 pg/ml (mean +/- SEM) in normal subjects, 24.3 +/- 2.4 pg/ml in NIDDM patients without AN, and 26.4 +/- 3.6 pg/ml in NIDDM patients with AN. There was no significant difference in these levels among the 3 groups. The fasting plasma concentration of ANP in diabetics as well as in normal subjects increased parallel with age. In 12 diabetics, plasma concentrations of ANP significantly elevated from 27.6 +/- 2.0 pg/ml to 149.4 +/- 29.8 pg/ml at 60 min after start of hypertonic saline infusion as compared with 6 normal subjects in whom the levels increased from 15.6 +/- 2.9 pg/ml to 34.1 +/- 5.7 pg/ml at 75 min. On the other hand, the plasma ANP concentration in response to hypertonic saline infusion in NIDDM patients with AN (71.8 +/- 14.4 pg/ml, at 60 min) was lower than that in NIDDM patients without AN (224.2 +/- 38.2 pg/ml, at 60 min). Area under the curve (AUC) of plasma ANP of NIDDM patients with AN after hypertonic saline infusion was 6560 +/- 879.6 pg.min/ml (normal subjects, 2575.6 +/- 444.6 pg.min/ml), which was significantly lower than that of NIDDM patients without AN (13757.8 +/- 1148.4 pg.min/ml). Moreover, there was a positive correlation between AUC and CVR-R in patients with NIDDM. These results indicate that the response of plasma ANP to hypertonic saline infusion in NIDDM patients is significantly higher than in normal subjects.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Apolipoproteins A-I and B in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; In recent years apolipoproteins A-I and B examinations have been performed on patients with coronary artery disease as a better predictor of the severity of atherosclerosis. In the present study, 21 treated male and 22 treated female patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were examined and compared with controls of the same sex, age and body mass (23 males, 21 females). Cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL-cholesterol in male and female patients with NIDDM were significantly higher than in male and female controls. HDL-cholesterol in male and female patients with NIDDM was not different from those of male and female controls. Apolipoproteins A-I and B in male and female patients with NIDDM were higher than in male and female controls. [Apolipoproteins A-I (g/L) male 1.40 +/- 0.21 vs 1.25 +/- 0.15, p less than 0.005; female 1.56 +/- 0.23 vs 1.42 +/- 0.24, p less than 0.025. Apolipoproteins B (g/L) male 1.29 +/- 0.30 vs 0.97 +/- 0.22, p less than 0.001; female 1.34 +/- 0.34 vs 0.98 +/- 0.35, p less than 0.001.] Discrepancy between the higher apolipoprotein A-I and the normal HDL-cholesterol in in NIDDM supports the theory of altered composition of HDL particles in diabetic patients. The controversy between the higher apolipoprotein A-I and the higher incidence of atherosclerosis in patients with NIDDM makes the clinical usefulness of this laboratory measurement doubtful in these patients.
Thyroid hormone stimulated glucose uptake in human mononuclear blood cells from normal persons and from patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Thyroxine and T3 induced oxygen consumption and glucose uptake were studied in vitro in mononuclear blood cells isolated from patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and from non-diabetic control persons. Cellular oxygen consumption and glucose uptake were promptly increased by physiological and supraphysiological concentrations of T3 and T4 in a dose-dependent manner (50-5000 nmol/l), whereas rT3 and T2 had no stimulatory effect. The effect of T3 and T4 was independent of new protein synthesis in that it was not blocked by tunicamycin (1 mg/l) and tiothepa (75 mg/l). Examination of stimulation of cells from control subjects and patients with NIDDM revealed an identical oxygen consumption, whereas the thyroid hormone-induced glucose uptake was significantly increased in cells from patients with NIDDM. T4 (5 mumol/l) stimulation in controls: 1.34 +/- 0.23 mmol.l-1 (mg DNA)-1.h-1, in NIDDM: 3.24 +/- 0.77 mmol.l-1.(mg DNA)-1.h-1, P less than 0.05 (mean +/- SD). These studies indicate that T4 as well as T3 increases cellular oxygen consumption and glucose uptake and that this stimulation is independent of new protein synthesis. Examination of cells from patients with NIDDM revealed an increased thyroid hormone induced glucose uptake, indicating increased thyroid hormone sensitivity. This observation contrasts the well known insulin insensitivity, suggesting separate mechanisms for glucose uptake elicited by insulin and thyroid hormones.
A familial case of insulin dependent or non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus associated with hearing loss.; Aggregation of diabetes and hearing loss in a family is observed in some hereditary disease. All members of the present family are affected with sensory hearing loss and diabetes mellitus. Diabetes types observed were insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) in the proposita and the sister, non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in the brother, and impaired glucose tolerance in the mother. The combination of hearing loss and diabetes and the concordant expression of IDDM or NIDDM in the siblings have not hitherto been described in any hereditary syndrome. This family may exhibit a new hereditary syndrome which is characterized by diabetes and hearing loss.
Prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Asian Indian families with a single diabetic parent.; Offspring of one parent diabetic (OPDR-A) and offspring of one parent diabetic with a first-degree family history on the non-diabetic parental side (OPDR-B) were studied to assess the influence of familial aggregation on the prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). All parents and offspring were tested for diabetes by oral glucose tolerance test. All parents had NIDDM. The prevalence of diabetes was 36% and 54% in the OPDR-A and OPDR-B families, respectively. The prevalence rate in OPDR-B was higher compared to OPDR-A families (P less than 0.01). The prevalence of diabetes in OPDR families was not different whether the father or the mother had diabetes. There was a male predominance among the diabetic offspring. The age at diagnosis was lower in the offspring compared to that in their parents in both groups. The expected risk of diabetes was greater in OPDR-B families compared to OPDR-A families. Thus it is seen that there is high prevalence of NIDDM in our population even in families with only one diabetic parent.
Abnormal lipid metabolism in treated hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Plasma lipid, lipoprotein, and apoprotein concentrations were measured in 169 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), 78 with normal blood pressure, and 91 diagnosed and receiving drug treatment for hypertension. Plasma triglyceride, cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, and apoprotein B concentrations were significantly higher (p = less than 0.05 to less than 0.001) in the hypertensive group. In addition, the ratios of high-density to low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol and of apoprotein A-1 to apoprotein B were significantly reduced (p less than 0.01) in patients with hypertension. The changes noted were independent of differences in sex distribution, degree of obesity, and level of glycemic control. These results indicate that substantial differences in plasma lipid, lipoprotein, and apoprotein concentrations are seen when normotensive patients with NIDDM are compared with patients who are also being treated for hypertension, and that all of the changes noted would increase the risk of coronary artery disease in the hypertensive group. Since all patients with hypertension were receiving anti-hypertensive medications, it is not clear if it is hypertension per se, or its treatment, that is responsible for the observed changes in lipid metabolism.
Glomerular morphology by light microscopy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Lack of glomerular hypertrophy.; We quantitated glomerular structure by light microscopy in 19 subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and studied the possible connection between morphology and urinary albumin concentration. Autopsy material was collected retrospectively from diabetic subjects in whom urinary albumin concentration had been measured within 1.5 yr. Nineteen consecutive sex- and age-matched nondiabetic subjects were controls. A quantitative study of a random sample of glomeruli was performed blindly on periodic acid-Schiff (PAS)-stained sections. The main parameters obtained were 1) mean volume of open glomeruli, 2) frequency of glomerular occlusion, and 3) volume fraction of red-stained material (PAS-positive substance) in open glomeruli [Vv(R/G)]. There was no increase in glomerular volume in these NIDDM subjects, contrary to the glomerular hypertrophy found early as well as late in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. An increase in Vv(R/G) was found in diabetic subjects, demonstrating the presence of glomerulopathy as it is diagnosed by light microscopy. The frequency of glomerular occlusion was not significantly different between the groups. A high urinary albumin concentration did not necessarily reflect more advanced glomerulopathy.
Effect of source of dietary fats on serum glucose, insulin, and gastric inhibitory polypeptide responses to mixed test meals in subjects with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; We recently demonstrated that normal subjects given mixed test meals of varying fatty acid composition showed significantly greater serum insulin responses to meals enriched with polyunsaturated fat as compared to those in which the fat content was derived from saturated fatty acids. To determine if a similar phenomenon occurs in subjects with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), serum glucose, insulin, C-peptide, and gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP) responses to three mixed test meals of varying fatty acid composition were assessed in twelve subjects with NIDDM. Baseline means (+/- SEM) fasting serum glucose concentration was 205 +/- 15 mg/dl and mean glycosylated hemoglobin was 8.5 +/- 0.5%. Fatty acids in the test meals were either saturated fats, or polyunsaturated fats derived from vegetables or fish. Each test meal provided 40% of the subjects' calculated daily caloric requirement and contained approximately 45% carbohydrate, 40% fat, and 15% protein. No appreciable differences in serum glucose, insulin, and C-peptide responses occurred during the three mixed test meals. Although GIP values were higher in the saturated fat and the vegetable meals when compared to the fish meal, the differences did not reach statistical significance. The inability of NIDDM subjects to evoke a greater insulin response to polyunsaturated fatty acids than to saturated fatty acids suggests another pathogenetic factor contributing to their glucose intolerance.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Insulin binding to circulating monocytes in children with insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; This study describes insulin binding to circulating monocytes in 24 children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), five children with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and 10 healthy and 12 obese control children. Insulin binding to monocytes was greatly increased in untreated IDDM children with obvious ketoacidosis (5.51 +/- 3.49 vs. 1.91 +/- 0.47 pg/10(6) cells, P less than 0.01), whereas it was decreased in those without obvious ketoacidosis (1.39 +/- 0.30 vs. 1.91 +/- 0.47 pg/10(6) cells, P less than 0.01). Insulin treatment restored insulin binding almost to the level of control children in both ketoacidotic and non-ketoacidotic patients. Insulin binding to monocytes was markedly decreased in untreated NIDDM children with hyperinsulinemia compared with healthy control children (0.73 +/- 0.27 vs. 1.91 +/- 0.47 pg/10(6) cells, P less than 0.01) or obese control children (0.73 +/- 0.27 vs. 1.33 +/- 0.35 pg/10(6) cells, P less than 0.01). These data indicate that changes in insulin secretion and metabolic conditions might be involved in the fluctuation of the number of insulin receptors in IDDM children as well as in NIDDM children.
Quantification of the relative impairment in actions of insulin on hepatic glucose production and peripheral glucose uptake in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; In non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), both liver and peripheral tissues are resistant to insulin, but the relative severity and contribution of these abnormalities to fasting hyperglycemia are poorly understood. We, therefore, determined the dose-response characteristics for insulin-mediated suppression of hepatic glucose production (GP) and stimulation of peripheral glucose uptake (GU) in 14 NIDDM subjects and 14 age- and weight-matched nondiabetic volunteers (NV) using the glucose clamp sequential insulin infusion technique along with isotopic estimation of glucose flux. Postabsorptive rates of both GP (94 +/- 7 v 72 +/- 2 mg/M2/min in NV, P less than .01) and GU (88 +/- 5 v 72 +/- 2 in NV, P less than .01) were significantly increased in NIDDM subjects. The ED50 (half-maximally effective plasma insulin concentration) in NIDDM subjects for suppression of GP (64 +/- 14 microU/mL) and stimulation of GU (118 +/- 20 microU/mL were both increased more than twofold above normal (26 +/- 2 and 58 +/- 5 microU/mL, respectively, both P less than .01) and were significantly correlated with one another (r = .68, P less than .01). Although GP could be totally suppressed in the NIDDM subjects, their maximal GU was reduced 30% (287 +/- 20 v 372 +/- 15 mg/m2/min in NV, P less than .01). Nevertheless, at all physiologically relevant plasma insulin concentrations studied, there was comparable impairment in GP and GU responses. Moreover, fasting plasma glucose concentrations in NIDDM subjects were highly correlated with their increased basal rates of GP (r = .81, P less than .005) but not with their reduced GU.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Complements in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with complications.; A relation of the complement system to the development of complications in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) was evaluated by measuring some components of the complement system. CH50, C3, C4 and C3bINA were significantly elevated in subjects with NIDDM as compared with healthy non-diabetic controls. However, CH50 and C3 did not differ between diabetics with and without complications. C4 was higher in diabetics with retinopathy as well as with retinopathy and neuropathy than in diabetics without these complications. ACH50, beta 1Hg1 and C3d were similar in subjects with NIDDM and non-diabetics, and not associated with complications of NIDDM. C3d/C3 in NIDDM without complications was lower than in healthy subjects, but did not significantly differ between the types of complications. These results suggest that the high level of complements in NIDDM might be due to enhanced production of complements and the development of diabetic complications would be related to the elevated level of complements.
Phenotypes of apolipoprotein E and abnormalities in lipid metabolism in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Phenotypic expressions of apolipoprotein E (apo E) were studied in 94 Japanese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and in 91 normal controls. The apo E gene frequencies observed in patients with NIDDM (epsilon 4, 0.101; epsilon 3, 0.824; and epsilon 2, 0.075) were not significantly different from those in normal controls (epsilon 4, 0.093; epsilon 3, 0.863; and epsilon 2, 0.044). Subgrouping the diabetic patients with and without hyperlipidemia, the epsilon 2 allele was significantly more frequent in patients with hypertriglyceridemia. The levels of serum triglyceride, very low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (VLDL-C), and VLDL-triglyceride (VLDL-TG) were significantly higher in patients with the epsilon 2 heterozygote than in those without the epsilon 2 allele (P less than .01). The results suggest that variation in the apo E gene may be one factor related to the hypertriglyceridemia present in patients with NIDDM.
Reversibility of defective adipocyte insulin receptor kinase activity in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Effect of weight loss.; Insulin-stimulated kinase activity of adipocyte-derived insulin receptors is reduced in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) but normal in obese nondiabetics. To assess the reversibility of the kinase defect in NIDDM, insulin receptor kinase activity was measured before and after weight loss in 10 NIDDM and 5 obese nondiabetic subjects. Peripheral insulin action was also assessed in vivo by glucose disposal rates (GDR) measured during a hyperinsulinemic (300 mU/M2 per min) euglycemic clamp. In the NIDDMs, insulin receptor kinase activity was reduced by 50-80% and rose to approximately 65-90% (P less than 0.01) of normal after 13.2 +/- 2.0 kg (P less than 0.01) weight loss; comparable weight loss (18.2 +/- 1.5 kg, P less than 0.01) in the nondiabetics resulted in no significant change in insulin receptor kinase activity. Relative to GDR measured in lean nondiabetics, GDR in the NIDDMs was 35% of normal initially and 67% (P less than 0.01) of normal after diet therapy; weight loss in the nondiabetics resulted in an increase in GDR from 53 to 76% of normal (P less than 0.05). These results indicate that the insulin receptor kinase defect that is present in NIDDM is largely reversible after weight reduction. In contrast, the improvement in GDR, in the absence of any change in insulin receptor kinase activity in the nondiabetics, suggests that the main cause of insulin resistance in obesity lies distal to the kinase.
Effects of glyburide treatment on serum lipoprotein and apolipoprotein concentrations and ratios in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Lipoproteins and apolipoproteins were studied in 28 patients with newly detected non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) before and after combined dietary and glyburide treatment. The patients, aged 33 to 67 years and without coronary or other atherosclerotic diseases, displayed fasting blood sugar levels of over 140 mg/dl after four weeks of dietary treatment. Overnight fasting blood samples were collected before the beginning of the trial, after four weeks of dietary treatment, and after four and eight weeks of combined dietary and glyburide treatment. The pretrial levels of total serum cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), apolipoprotein A1 and A2, and apolipoprotein B were similar to or even lower than those of nondiabetics; however, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels and HDL-C% (the percentage of TC bound to HDL) were significantly lower in the diabetic patients. After combined dietary and glyburide treatment and normalization of blood sugar, apolipoprotein A1 and A2, HDL-C levels, and HDL-C% increased significantly. TC, TG, and LDL-C levels, although not exceeding the normal range, decreased significantly. HDL-C2 and HDL-C3 levels also increased, but the differences did not reach significance. Among the lipid, lipoprotein, and apolipoprotein ratios in the patients, only the ratios HDL-C:LDL-C, apolipoprotein A1:apolipoprotein B, and HDL-C: apolipoprotein B increased significantly as a result of the opposing responses of the protective lipoprotein HDL-C and apolipoprotein A1 and the atherogenic lipoprotein LDL-C and apolipoprotein B. The results demonstrate the favorable effects of combined dietary and sulphonylurea drug treatment on lipoproteins and apolipoproteins in NIDDM patients, thereby reducing coronary and atherosclerotic risks.
Effect of enprostil on plasma glucose, insulin and lipid metabolism in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Measurements of various aspects of glucose, insulin and lipid metabolism were made before and after the administration of enprostil (a synthetic dehydroprostaglandin E2) for one week to ten patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Both fasting (P less than 0.01) and postprandial (P less than 0.001) plasma glucose concentrations were significantly lower after one week of enprostil, and 24 hour urinary glucose excretion was reduced from (mean +/- SEM) 47 +/- 14 to 25 +/- 9 g/day. There was no change in either fasting or postprandial insulin concentration, but the postprandial GIP response was also significantly reduced (P less than 0.001). In addition, there were significant reductions in postprandial plasma free fatty acid (P less than 0.05) and triglyceride (P less than 0.001) concentrations, associated with a modest fall in fasting plasma triglyceride (P less than 0.05) and cholesterol (P less than 0.07) concentrations when measured after one week of treatment with enprostil. These results raise the possibility that enprostil may be of some benefit in the treatment of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes.
Antilipolytic effect of insulin in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus after conventional treatment with diet and sulfonylurea.; Insulin-induced antilipolysis was investigated in fat cells obtained after an overnight fast and 60 min after glucose ingestion in seven non-obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The study was performed before and after long-term therapy with diet and glibenclamide. After treatment, the antilipolytic potency of insulin in fat cells was threefold enhanced (p less than 0.05) in the fasting state and remained unaltered after glucose ingestion. In untreated NIDDM oral glucose induced a significant (p less than 0.01) increase in insulin sensitivity. In consequence, in the glucose-fed state insulin sensitivity was similar before and after therapy. Adipocyte insulin receptor binding was comparable before and after therapy, both in the fasting state and following glucose intake. In untreated NIDDM, despite relative hypoinsulinemia, plasma glycerol was markedly reduced after oral glucose. After therapy, plasma glycerol was significantly reduced both in the fasting state and following glucose ingestion. At the same time, fasting and glucose-stimulated circulating insulin were significantly (p less than 0.01) increased. It is concluded that conventional antidiabetes therapy in NIDDM mediates a suppression of adipose tissue lipolysis. This seems to be due to an improvement in insulin secretion in combination with a potentiation of the antilipolytic effectiveness of insulin in fat cells in the fasting state, the latter being secondary to post-binding alterations in insulin action.
Preferential release of proinsulin relative to insulin in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; A radioimmunoassay, using an antiserum that is specific for human proinsulin, has been used to study the response of serum proinsulin to low (25 g) and high (75 g) oral glucose loads in non-obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Diabetic patients were treated by diet only (N = 8) or were receiving oral anti-hyperglycemic agents (N = 8) and therapy was not interrupted during the study. In the fasted state, proinsulin concentrations were higher (P less than 0.05) in the drug-treated patients (31 +/- 3 pmol/l (SEM)) compared with age- and weight-matched healthy subjects (22 +/- 2 pmol/l; N = 10), but concentrations in the diet-treated patients 25 +/- 3 pmol/l) were not significantly different. Following 25 g and 75 g glucose loads, the rises in serum immunoreactive insulin and C-peptide concentrations in both groups of diabetic patients were impaired and delayed relative to those in the control subjects. The responses of serum proinsulin, however, were not significantly different in the NIDDM patients compared with controls at any time point up to 180 min except in the case of drug-treated patients receiving 25 g of glucose who had elevated (P less than 0.05) proinsulin concentrations at 150 min and 180 min after ingestion. It is concluded that NIDDM is not associated with an exaggerated release of proinsulin in response to glucose compared with healthy subjects, but the islets have maintained the ability to release proinsulin better than the ability to release insulin.
Secondary failure of oral antidiabetic and dietetic therapy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Remission through short sessions of continuous intravenous insulin infusion.; The infusion of periodic intravenous insulin for the equilibrium of the diabetic state is proposed for cases of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) that have become resistant to oral treatment. In order to re-establish the efficacy of oral antidiabetic treatment, 37 patients with NIDDM presenting secondary failure to diet and oral antidiabetic therapy were subjected to sessions of continuous intravenous insulin infusion, resulting in transitory normal blood sugars. With a diminution of symptoms, an increase in the efficacy of oral treatment was noted in 18 cases (48.6%), allowing the continuation of treatment without disturbance of the equilibrium over periods of 6 and 12 months. This improvement is not concurrent with the rise in glucagon-stimulated insulin secretion as evidenced by C-peptiduria and basal C-peptidemia. An improvement in insulin sensitivity (not investigated in this study) might explain this beneficial effect. Periodic intravenous infusions of insulin, based on the diabetic equilibrium, are proposed for the treatment of NIDDM patients that have become resistant to oral therapy.
Effects of glibenclamide on serum lipids, lipoproteins, thromboxane, beta-thromboglobulin, and prostacyclin in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; A study was conducted to determine the effects of glibenclamide on serum lipoproteins, apolipoproteins, thromboxane (TXA2), prostacyclin (PGI2), and beta-thromboglobulin (B-TGL) in patients with newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). In 20 NIDDM patients, aged 34 to 67 (mean, 53.6) years, without clinical signs of atherosclerotic disease and whose blood sugar level was over 140 mg/dl after four weeks of dietary treatment, fasting blood samples were taken before the beginning of the trial, after four weeks of dietary treatment, and after four and eight weeks of combined dietary and glibenclamide treatment. Pretrial levels of total serum cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in the diabetic patients did not differ from those in nondiabetic controls, whereas high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels and the percentage of TC bound to HDL (HDL-C%) were significantly lower in the patients than in controls. After combined dietary and glibenclamide treatment and the normalization of blood sugar, both HDL-C (mg/dl) levels and HDL-C% levels increased significantly. TC, TG, and LDL-C levels decreased. Levels of apolipoproteins A1 and A2 rose and apolipoprotein B fell, but differences were not significant. TXB2 and 6-keto-PGF1-alpha (the inert metabolites of TXA2 and PGI2) and B-TGL were determined by radioimmunoassay. TXB2 and B-TGL levels decreased significantly after glibenclamide administration, indicating attenuation of platelet aggregation. No changes in PGI2 were observed. The results demonstrate the favorable effect of glibenclamide on lipoproteins and apolipoproteins in NIDDM patients, especially in increasing HDL-C levels and HDL-C%, and in attenuating platelet aggregation as indicated by reduction of TXB2 and B-TGL.
Management of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Europe: a concensus view.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a very common disorder, but less attention is paid to it than to the more dramatic but less prevalent insulin-dependent diabetes. The majority of patients receive their care from primary health care physicians or doctors without particular training in diabetes. Care is highly variable and often inadequate. In the USA this problem has been tackled by promoting a national education programme involving extensive use of television together with written guidelines for management. These latter have been looked at with interest by many diabetologists in Europe, but it has been felt that the guidelines were not entirely suitable for European practice. As a result an initiative was taken to generate more suitable materials for European use. Diabetologists from 14 European countries, representing the European NIDDM Policy Group (EUR-NIDDM-PG) therefore met in Amsterdam in 1986 with the blessing of the Council of the European Region of the IDF. The aims were first to establish whether a concensus view on management of non-insulin-dependent diabetes could be achieved, and if this was possible then to produce written materials for use in the care of people with non-insulin-dependent diabetes aimed particularly at the primary health care sector and the general physician. A remarkable degree of concensus was reached considering the different backgrounds and specialties represented by the group. Discussions were lengthy but constructive and were pervaded by a determination to improve care for such patients in Europe. The first output from the group is the short concensus document which follows.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Alpha glucosidase inhibition in the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Two studies of the new alpha-glucosidase inhibitor, miglitol, in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are reported. In the first, 13 patients, poorly controlled on sulphonylureas, received miglitol 50mg three times daily for 4 weeks. Post-prandial blood glucose was reduced after breakfast, lunch, and tea compared with placebo (p less than 0.05-0.01) but there was no improvement in fasting blood glucose, serum fructosamine or haemoglobin A1. In a dose-response study the effect of a single dose of miglitol (0,50,100,150 or 200mg) on post-prandial glycaemia after a test breakfast was assessed in 20 patients with mean +/- SEM fasting blood glucose 9.9 +/- 0.4 mmol/l. With 50mg miglitol, there was a significant reduction in blood glucose from 30 to 120 min post-prandially compared with placebo. Increasing doses of miglitol further depressed the post-prandial rise in blood glucose and with 200mg there was no significant change from fasting levels. Side-effects were limited to flatus and loose stools particularly with the higher doses but were not severe. Miglitol effectively reduces post-prandial blood glucose rise in NIDDM with as little as 50mg but there is considerable individual variation. Larger doses may be necessary in patients already poorly controlled on sulphonylureas.
DNA polymorphisms of the insulin receptor gene in Japanese subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Genotypes identified by two restriction fragment length polymorphisms (RFLPs) of the insulin receptor gene (IRG) with the restriction endonuclease Sst-1 were determined in a Japanese group comprising 51 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and 50 control subjects. Southern hybridization using a probe for the beta subunit of the human IRG identifies 4 alleles, termed S1(+) (5.3 kb), S1(-) (5.8 kb), S2(+) (7.0 and 2.4 kb) and S2(-) (9.4 kb). The frequencies of genotypes possessing the S1(-) allele in Japanese controls and Japanese NIDDM patients were 0.11 and 0.16, respectively. Unlike the previously reported association of the S1(-) allele with NIDDM found in Caucasians there was no significant difference in the frequency of the S1(-) allele between non-diabetic and NIDDM Japanese patients. There was a significant difference in the frequency of the S2(+) allele between Caucasian control subjects (0.14) and Japanese controls (0.0) and NIDDM patients (0.02).
Effects of enalapril with and without hydrochlorothiazide in hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of the ACE inhibitor enalapril (E) on blood pressure and metabolic control in 15 hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. When the treatment goal was not reached with enalapril alone, hydrochlorothiazide (HCTZ) was added. A diastolic blood pressure (DBP) below 90 mmHg was achieved in seven patients with enalapril alone (47%), and in an additional four (27%) with concomitant hydrochlorothiazide. No significant adverse effects of enalapril occurred and all patients completed the study. Monotherapy with enalapril did not affect metabolic control or renal function. Addition of HCTZ to E did not consistently result in further lowering of blood pressure and caused deterioration of both the degree of metabolic control and renal function. We, therefore, conclude that monotherapy with enalapril can be a safe and satisfactory treatment for hypertensive patients with NIDDM. Caution is needed, however, when HCTZ is added, since this may adversely affect metabolic control and renal function whereas the effect on blood pressure may be variable.
Trends in the prevalence and incidence of diabetes: non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The revision of the classification of diabetes mellitus, to differentiate clearly between insulin-dependent (IDDM) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and the provision of unambiguous guidelines for diagnosis (1) constitute important recent developments in diabetes epidemiology. However, our knowledge even of the prevalence of NIDDM remains surprisingly incomplete for many areas of the world. Whilst NIDDM may still be uncommon in rural Africa, prevalence has been reported as approximately 10% in blacks in the United States, indicating a need for more information regarding the prevalence of NIDDM in urban Africa. There is also little information with regard to urban communities in Latin America. The highest prevalence of NIDDM is found in certain indigenous North American and Western Pacific societies. In extreme cases approximately one-third of the adult population now suffers from the disease. NIDDM is also common (prevalence approximately 5%) in Europe and in communities of European origin. Data from the United States suggest that approximately one-fifth of white North Americans can expect to develop NIDDM if they live to the seventh decade of life. Of populations of South-East Asian ethnicity, Indians appear to be the most susceptible. Indian migrants to Fiji, South Africa and South America all demonstrate prevalence of NIDDM of 10% or more. Whilst it was formerly believed that Chinese were rarely affected by NIDDM, recent reports cast some doubt on this. Prevalence of NIDDM in the Western Pacific varies widely. However, with the possible exception of certain Melanesian populations, prevalence is high in all communities which have abandoned their traditional lifestyle.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The diabetes education team in the management of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a complex disease that lasts a lifetime. It can be controlled but not cured. Treatment involves extensive changes in the patient's lifestyle, particularly in the areas of diet and exercise, which can often result in noncompliance with treatment regimens. Efforts to bring about these lifestyle changes usually require an enormous amount of time and attention on the part of the physician, and thus, are best carried out with the help of a diabetes education team. An ideal team would consist not only of the physician, patient, and family, but also a diabetes educator, a nutritionist or dietitian, an exercise therapist, a psychologist or social worker, a podiatrist, and an ophthalmologist or retinologist. A smaller number of team participants can offer a viable alternative by doubling up discipline areas, and by using interested members of the community as a referral source.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, abnormal lipoprotein metabolism, and atherosclerosis.; Although diabetes mellitus is, by definition, a state of abnormal carbohydrate metabolism, defects in lipoprotein metabolism are a prominent feature of the diabetic syndrome. This is particularly true of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and it is quite likely that the abnormal lipid metabolism contributes significantly to the increased morbidity and mortality from macrovascular diseases that characterize NIDDM. In this presentation, an attempt will be made to develop a coherent picture as to the pathogenesis of the defects in lipoprotein metabolism seen in patients with NIDDM, as well as to discuss some new information as to possible links between abnormal lipoprotein metabolism and the development of coronary artery disease (CAD).
Association of low plasma high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol concentration with documented coronary artery disease in males with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Plasma lipid and lipoprotein concentrations were determined in 30 males without diabetes or symptomatic coronary artery disease (CAD), and compared to the values in age-matched and weight-matched males (n = 55) with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Patients with NIDDM were further subdivided into those with (n = 30) and without (n =25) CAD. Mean (+/- SEM) plasma triglyceride concentrations were significantly increased (P less than 0.001) over control values (96 +/- 5 mg/dl) in patients with NIDDM, whether with (172 +/- 14 mg/dl) or without documented CAD (164 +/- 25 mg/dl). Plasma cholesterol concentrations were also higher (P less than 0.001) than normal (168 +/- 5 mg/dl) in both groups of patients with NIDDM (201 +/- 11 and 199 +/- 7 mg/dl, respectively, in patients with and without evidence of CAD). Plasma LDL-cholesterol concentrations were also greater (P less than 0.001) than normal (104 +/- 4 mg/dl) in patients with NIDDM, but were again similar in the group of diabetics (120 +/- 9 vs 128 +/- 6 mg/dl). However, plasma HDL-cholesterol concentrations were only reduced below control values in diabetes patients with CAD (30 +/- 1 mg/dl), whereas patients with NIDDM and no subjective evidence of CAD had HDL-cholesterol concentrations (37 +/- 3 mg/dl) which were similar to normal values (38 +/- 2 mg/dl). As a result, the ratio of LDL-cholesterol to HDL-cholesterol was highest in patients with NIDDM and CAD (4.2 +/- 0.3), lowest in the control population (2.8 +/- 0.2), and intermediate in those patients with NIDDM without subjective or objective evidence of CAD (3.6 +/- 0.3). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Prevalence of fasting hyperglycemia and known non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus classified by plasma C-peptide: Fredericia survey of subjects 60-74 yr old.; A Danish population of 5699 individuals (60-74 yr old) was screened by fasting blood glucose (FBG) and interviewed about known diabetes. The distribution of FBG in individuals not known to have diabetes showed no sex difference or significant variation with age. Fasting hyperglycemia (FH), defined as FBG greater than or equal to mM in subjects without a history of diabetes, was found in 1.7% of men and women. Known diabetes (KD) had a prevalence of 3.9 and 5.0% in men and women, respectively. The prevalence rates of FH and KD increased significantly with age. In the two subgroups, plasma C-peptide was measured after overnight fasting and subsequently 6 min after an intravenous injection of glucagon. Based on the distribution of the C-peptide concentrations in non-insulin-treated KD subjects, lower limits for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) of 0.30 pmol/ml for fasting C-peptide and 0.60 pmol/ml for stimulated C-peptide were arbitrarily chosen. According to these cutoff points, only 38.5% of KD subjects treated with insulin had insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, corresponding to 9.3% of all KD subjects. After exclusion of these patients, the prevalence of recognized NIDDM was 3.5% in men and 4.5% in women. All FH subjects except one had C-peptide values in the NIDDM interval. A close agreement between fasting and glucagon-stimulated C-peptide was seen. In epidemiological studies with an expected high prevalence of NIDDM, we propose to use fasting C-peptide for classification of patients with insulin-treated diabetes.
The effects of biosynthetic human proinsulin on carbohydrate metabolism in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We compared the glucose-lowering effect of proinsulin, the precursor molecule of insulin, with that of insulin itself. In patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in whom proinsulin (0.2 U per kilogram of body weight) was subcutaneously injected at 9 a.m., fasting glucose levels (247 +/- 22 mg per deciliter [+/- SEM]) became normal within six hours and elevated rates of hepatic glucose output were lowered. The response to regular insulin (0.2 U per kilogram) was of similar magnitude but faster. Glucose clearance was stimulated less by proinsulin, reflecting its preferential action in suppressing glucose output. Hypoglycemia occurred in five of nine insulin-treated patients, but in only one of nine proinsulin-treated patients. After proinsulin injection at bedtime (30.5 +/- 4 U), serum proinsulin concentrations reached a peak by five hours and declined gradually thereafter. Fasting hepatic glucose output became normal, and euglycemia was sustained without overnight hypoglycemia. Proinsulin reduced plasma glucose more effectively than an equal unit dosage of NPH insulin, but since higher doses of NPH insulin were not used, no conclusions could be drawn about the relative desirability of these preparations for clinical use. We conclude that subcutaneously injected proinsulin has prolonged pharmacokinetics in plasma and can normalize plasma glucose in NIDDM characterized by severe hyperglycemia; as compared with the hypoglycemic effects of regular insulin, those of proinsulin are mostly due to suppression of hepatic glucose output, with little stimulation of glucose disposal and less hypoglycemia; and proinsulin may have a role in the treatment of NIDDM.
Monitoring and controlling the patient with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; While the prevention of acute metabolic decompensation is no longer a serious problem in treating patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), target organ complications can have serious consequences, including blindness, renal failure, neuropathy, amputation, coronary artery disease, and stroke. The bulk of current evidence suggests that these complications can be minimized or perhaps even avoided by carefully monitoring and controlling the patient's blood glucose levels. Although criteria and standards of control differ widely in various centers, in general acceptable-to-good control in the NIDDM patient would consist of average fasting blood glucose (FBG) levels of less than 140 mg/dL and peak postprandial glucoses of less than 220 to 250 mg/dL. Treatment aimed at attaining these blood glucose levels should begin with dietary management and exercise prescription. General health measurements such as control of blood pressure and avoidance of smoking are especially important in the diabetic patient. When these approaches prove ineffectual, the addition of an oral hypoglycemic agent, preferably a second-generation sulfonylurea is indicated. Glipizide and glyburide are both excellent drug choices, although glyburide may cause hypoglycemia in older patients due to its longer half-life and especially in those with renal insufficiency because of accumulation of biologically active metabolites. In certain well-selected cases, the addition of insulin to oral sulfonylurea therapy may offer improved results over the use of either therapeutic modality alone. The advent of self blood glucose monitoring and periodic glycohemoglobin assessments, now well established in diabetic management, represents a major step forward in the endeavor to optimize standards of blood glucose control in the diabetic population.
Postprandial glucose, insulin and glucagon responses to meals with different nutrient compositions in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Postprandial glycaemic and hormone responses to meals with different nutrient compositions and their heterogeneity were evaluated in 16 non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients and 5 healthy volunteers. Five kinds of nutrient stimulation--75 g glucose, a Japanese mixed meal (400 kcal, carbohydrate 60%, protein 14%, fat 26%), a high protein meal (300 kcal, C 26%, P 64%, F 10%), a high fat meal (300 kcal, C 23%, P 5%, F 72%) and 20 g iv glucose--was given to each subject. On the average, in both normal and diabetic subjects, the increases in plasma glucose (PG) and insulin (IRI) were the largest with the oral glucose load and the smallest with the high protein meal. The ratio of increase in IRI and PG (sigma delta IRI/sigma delta PG) was the highest with the high protein meal and the lowest with the oral glucose load. sigma delta IRI with the high protein meal and the high fat meal were the same in normal and diabetic subjects. However, each of the 16 NIDDM patients and 5 normal volunteers exhibited a different pattern of response to the nutrient stimuli and no definite subgroup could be classified. There was no correlation between metabolic responses and family history of diabetes mellitus, duration of diabetes, body mass index and fasting plasma glucose. The present results suggest the nearly intact capacity of insulin secretion in NIDDM in response to a high protein or high fat meal and the difficulty of subclassification in NIDDM according to the glycaemic and hormone responses to the different nutrient stimuli.
Pancreatic B-cell function in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus during successive periods of sulfonylurea and insulin treatment: serum C-peptide response to glucagon and urine C-peptide excretion.; Serum C-peptide responses to glucagon and daily urine C-peptide excretion in successive periods of different treatment in two groups of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) (mean interval between two tests less than 1 month) were compared. In group A patients (n = 8), the glycemic control was improved after transferring the treatment from sulfonylurea (SU) to insulin (fasting plasma glucose: SU: 192 +/- 47, insulin: 127 +/- 21 mg/dl, mean +/- S.D., p less than 0.01). Fasting serum C-peptide immunoreactivity (CPR) was significantly lower at the period of insulin treatment (SU: 1.93 +/- 1.01, insulin: 1.47 +/- 0.79 ng/ml, p less than 0.05), but there was no difference in the increase in serum CPR (maximal--fasting) (delta serum CPR) during glucagon stimulation in the two periods of treatment (SU: 1.70 +/- 0.72, insulin: 1.47 +/- 0.98 ng/ml). In group B patients (n = 7), there was no significant difference in glycemic control after transferring the treatment from insulin to SU (fasting plasma glucose: insulin: 127 +/- 24, SU: 103 +/- 13 mg/dl). Fasting serum CPR was significantly lower during the period of insulin treatment (insulin: 1.39 +/- 0.64, SU: 2.21 +/- 0.86 ng/ml, p less than 0.025), but delta serum CPR during glucagon stimulation still showed no significant difference between the two periods (insulin: 1.97 +/- 1.16, SU: 2.33 +/- 1.57 ng/ml). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Reproducibility of beta-cell function estimates in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We evaluated the reproducibility of different estimates of endogenous insulin secretion in 30 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Fasting blood glucose concentration was similar on the 2 days of study. The coefficients of variation of fasting plasma C-peptide, plasma C-peptide 6 min after the injection of 1 mg i.v. glucagon, and the increment in plasma C-peptide after glucagon were 16.0, 14.8 and 24.1%, respectively. The coefficients of variation of the corresponding plasma insulin values were 19.2, 24.8, and 34.8%, respectively. The coefficient of variation of 24-h urinary C-peptide excretion was 22.1%. Because fasting plasma C-peptide correlated closely with plasma C-peptide 6 min after glucagon (test 1: r = .70, P less than .01; test 2: r = .76, P less than .01), it seems that these two values can be used equally well as assessment of beta-cell function in NIDDM. In conclusion, fasting plasma insulin, fasting plasma C-peptide, and plasma C-peptide 6 min after glucagon stimulation showed a similar and acceptable degree of reproducibility. Plasma insulin 6 min after glucagon and increments in plasma insulin and C-peptide, as well as urinary C-peptide, seem to be less reproducible.
Abnormal lipoprotein metabolism in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Pathogenesis and treatment.; Although diabetes mellitus is by definition a state of abnormal carbohydrate metabolism, defects in lipoprotein metabolism are a prominent feature of the diabetic syndrome. This is particularly true of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and it is quite likely that the abnormal lipid metabolism contributes significantly to the increased morbidity and mortality from coronary artery disease that characterizes NIDDM. In this presentation, an attempt is made to develop a coherent picture as to the pathogenesis of the defects in lipoprotein metabolism seen in patients with NIDDM, as well as to discuss therapeutic approaches to the treatment of these abnormalities.
Conversion from low-dose insulin therapy to glipizide in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; This study examines the effect of glipizide therapy in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) previously treated with a low-dose insulin regimen. To determine the comparative safety and efficacy of these two treatment regimens, 135 patients with NIDDM who received low-dose insulin (40 units per day or less) were enrolled in a prospective, multicenter trial. After a four-week period of continued insulin therapy, therapy was converted to the second-generation oral sulfonylurea, glipizide. This report includes efficacy data on 79 patients with NIDDM who completed an eight- to 10-week course of glipizide therapy. A majority of these patients were obese (more than 120 percent of ideal body weight), with a mean age of 61.4 years, and a mean duration of diabetes of 10.0 years. Conversion from low-dose insulin resulted in no deterioration in overall glycemic control as reflected by an unchanged glycosylated hemoglobin at 16 weeks. Seventy patients (89 percent) attained fair glucose control and continued an additional 12 weeks of glipizide maintenance therapy. Subgroup analysis by fasting plasma glucose criteria demonstrated that 44 percent of these patients had statistically significant improvements in glucose control with glipizide as compared with insulin therapy. As this study showed, many patients with NIDDM currently receiving treatment with low-dose insulin can have maintained and some even improved glucose and lipid parameters when therapy is converted to glipizide. The rate of hypoglycemic adverse reactions corrected for duration of treatment in all 135 patients was 0.32 event per patient-month of therapy with insulin as compared with 0.12 event per patient-month of therapy with glipizide. When issues of efficacy, safety, and convenience are considered, it might be more appropriate to administer an oral sulfonylurea to patients with NIDDM rather than proceeding to therapy with insulin.
Effects of diet and exercise interventions on control and quality of life in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Evidence suggests that diet and exercise are associated with improved glucose tolerance for patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Seventy-six volunteer adult patients with NIDDM were each assigned to one of four programs: diet, exercise, diet plus exercise, or education (control). Each program required ten weekly meetings. Detailed evaluations were completed prior to the program and after three, six, 12, and 18 months. Evaluations included various psychosocial measures, measures of the quality of life, and fasting blood glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin, and relative weight determinations. Of the 76 original participants, 70 completed the 18-month follow-up study. At 18 months, the combination diet-and-exercise group had achieved the greatest reductions in glycosylated hemoglobin measures. In addition, this group showed significant improvements on a general quality of life measure. These improvements were largely uncorrelated with changes in weight. The authors conclude that the combination of dietary change and physical conditioning benefits NIDDM patients, and that the benefits may be independent of substantial weight loss.
Treatment of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: diabetic control and insulin secretion and action after different treatment modalities.; In order to define the relationship between treatment-induced changes in diabetic control and improvement in in vivo insulin-stimulated glucose utilization (insulin clamp technique) 30 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were treated with either insulin, glipizide or diet alone, depending on their initial weight. Fasting plasma glucose concentrations fell from 16.3 +/- 1.2, 15.9 +/- 1.0, and 16.3 +/- 1.0 mmol/l, (mean +/- SE) to 6.3 +/- 0.5, 11.6 +/- 0.6, and 13.4 +/- 1.6 mmol/l, after insulin, glipizide and weight reduction, respectively. These changes in fasting plasma glucose concentration were associated with an improvement in insulin-stimulated glucose uptake, which increased by 69% after insulin, 45% after glipizide, and 72% after weight reduction. Thus, the improvement in insulin action was comparable in the three different groups of patients following each therapeutic intervention, and appeared to be unrelated to the fall in plasma glucose concentration. These results appear to suggest that the ability of any specific treatment to improve diabetic control can vary independently of its effect on in vivo insulin-stimulated glucose utilization.
Alpha-adrenergic blockade improves glucose-potentiated insulin secretion in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The impairment of glucose-potentiated insulin secretion present in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) can be approximated in normal subjects by an epinephrine infusion. Therefore, we sought to determine the role of the endogenous sympathetic nervous system in glucose-potentiated insulin secretion in both NIDDM (n = 6) and normal (n = 6) subjects. Glucose-potentiated insulin secretion was calculated as the slope of the curve relating increasing ambient glucose levels to the acute insulin response to an intravenous pulse of 5 g of L-arginine. Glucose-potentiated insulin secretion was determined on separate days during alpha-, beta-, and combined alpha- plus beta-adrenergic blockade and compared with a saline control. In normal subjects, there was no effect of alpha-, beta-, or alpha- plus beta-blockade on the slope of glucose potentiation. In NIDDM, the initially decreased slope of glucose potentiation (0.25 +/- 0.06 microU X ml-1 X mg-1 X dl, mean +/- SE; P less than .01) was not affected by beta-blockade but increased during alpha-blockade (0.91 +/- 0.22 microU X ml-1 X mg-1 X dl; P less than .05). However, this improvement was abolished by combined alpha- plus beta-blockade (0.32 +/- 0.07 microU X ml-1 X mg-1 X dl). Plasma norepinephrine was increased above basal levels in both normal (+260 +/- 89 pg/ml) and NIDDM (+438 +/- 162 pg/ml) subjects during alpha-blockade (P less than .05 for both). This increase in plasma norepinephrine strongly suggests that there is an increase in synaptic cleft norepinephrine concentration.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Relationship of prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus to Amerindian admixture in the Mexican Americans of San Antonio, Texas.; A genetic and epidemiological survey of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) was conducted among the Mexican Americans residing in three socioeconomically distinct areas of San Antonio, Texas: a low socioeconomic (SES) traditional area (barrio), a middle SES, ethnically balanced area (transitional), and a high SES, predominantly Anglo area (suburb). Seventeen polymorphic markers were used to relate the prevalences of NIDDM with the extent of Amerindian ancestry of 1,237 Mexican Americans of these three residential areas. While only the RH and haptoglobin loci showed evidence of association with NIDDM, an admixture analysis of the combined allele frequency data revealed a pattern of decreasing NIDDM prevalence with increasing socioeconomic status (as approximated by neighborhood of residence) and a parallel decrease in Amerindian ancestry. The rank-order correlation between NIDDM prevalence and Amerindian admixture is 0.943 (P less than .001) for the crude prevalence rate and 0.829 (P less than .02) for the age-adjusted rate. Nested gene diversity analysis revealed that the heterogeneity of allele frequencies is more pronounced when individuals were classified by their NIDDM disease status as compared to the classification by neighborhood. Estimation of Amerindian ancestry of each individual did not reveal any significant change in the shape of the distributions of individual admixture proportions in diabetics as compared to the controls. Nevertheless, the results suggest that genetic factors partially explain the differences in NIDDM prevalence observed between the Mexican American and Anglo populations in the southwestern United States.
Comparative clinical reliability of fasting plasma glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Because accurate determination of glycosylated hemoglobin (GHb) is difficult and relatively expensive in comparison with the modest cost and ready availability for tests of fasting plasma glucose (FPG), we examined the reliability of repeated measurements of FPG and GHb in typical diabetic outpatients taken in the usual clinical setting. We determined FPG and GHb concurrently on three separate occasions spanning 4 wk in 41 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and, for contrast, 5 with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Most of the NIDDM subjects were obese, with initial FPG levels ranging from 93 to 355 mg/dl. The reliability of each test was estimated by calculating two measures: the intraclass correlation coefficient (rho I) and the coefficient of variation (CV) for the repeated test values. For NIDDM patients treated with diet or oral hypoglycemic agents (OHA), rho I for FPG, log(FPG), and GHb were very similar. For insulin-treated NIDDM patients, rho I for FPG was somewhat lower than the coefficient in other treatment groups, and the reliability of FPG by this measure did not match the reliability of GHb within the limits of statistical significance. By analyzing the CV of test values repeated within subject, the reliability of FPG did not differ from GHb in any of the NIDDM treatment groups. Although patients were recruited sequentially to minimize sample selection bias, caution must be exercised in the interpretation of the statistical analyses of reliability with either rho I or CV due to limitations imposed by small sample size.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Prognostic significance of birth of large infant for subsequent development of maternal non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a prospective study over 20-27 years.; In a prospective study, 270 women who gave birth to infants weighing greater than or equal to 4500 g (large baby, LB) underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) within the first week of the puerperium. Of these women, 179 (66.3%) were retested 3-10 yr later, and 236 (87.4%) were also evaluated 20-27 yr later. The frequency of pathologic OGTTs increased with time, but the tests were of little prognostic significance for the individual patient. Women who had borne LBs developed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) six times more often than did a control group of women matched for age and parity and with the same period of follow-up. However, patients who developed NIDDM were also very obese, of high parity, and had a positive family history for diabetes mellitus in a high percentage of cases. Women with LBs as the only risk factor did not develop NIDDM in our study. We conclude that the birth of one LB is of minor, if any, importance in the subsequent development of NIDDM.
High plasma cholecystokinin response following ingestion of test meal by patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Postprandial responses of plasma cholecystokinin (CCK) in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were studied with a CCK specific radioimmunoassay. After the ingestion of a liquid test meal, plasma CCK levels increased from the basal level of 9.8 +/- 1.1 pg/ml to a peak of 19.4 +/- 1.8 pg/ml at 20 min in healthy subjects (n = 10). The ingestion of a test meal in patients with NIDDM (n = 10) resulted in a significantly greater increase of plasma CCK than in healthy subjects and a significant increase of plasma CCK from a basal level of 14.2 +/- 4.4 pg/ml to a peak of 47.4 +/- 12.4 pg/ml at 10 min.
Limitation of joint mobility and shoulder capsulitis in insulin- and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Limited joint mobility and shoulder capsulitis were evaluated in 109 consecutive diabetic patients attending an out-patient diabetic clinic. Forty-nine had insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and 60 had non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Seventy-five normal subjects were also examined. Limitation of joint mobility was detected in 24 (49%) patients with IDDM and in 31 (52%) patients with NIDDM but in only 17 (20%) normal subjects (p less than 0.001). There were no significant differences between diabetic patients with and without joint limitation with regard to age, sex, type of DM, mean daily insulin dosage and overall diabetic control as assessed by estimation of glycosylated haemoglobin concentration. However, patients with impaired joint mobility had a longer duration of diabetes (p = 0.01) and a significantly increased frequency of retinopathy compared to patients without joint limitation (p less than 0.05). Normal subjects with restricted joint mobility were older than those without restriction (p = 0.05). Shoulder capsulitis was present in 19% of patients with diabetes mellitus and 5% of normal subjects. However, there was no significant association between limited joint mobility and shoulder capsulitis in the diabetics.
Role of obesity and fat distribution in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Mexican Americans and non-Hispanic whites.; Recent data have suggested that central obesity is related positively to the prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We examined whether central obesity (measured by the ratio of subscapular to triceps skinfold) was predictive of NIDDM prevalence independently of overall obesity (measured by body mass index, BMI) in 1231 Mexican Americans and 939 non-Hispanic whites who participated in the San Antonio Heart Study, a population-based survey of diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors. Mexican Americans are characterized by higher rates of NIDDM, greater overall obesity, and more central body fat distribution than age-matched non-Hispanic whites. Using multiple logistic regression with age, ethnicity, BMI, and central obesity as covariates, overall obesity was positively associated with NIDDM prevalence in both sexes (P less than 0.001) but central obesity was related to NIDDM prevalence only in women. Our data suggest that the effect of centrality decreases at higher levels of centrality. While both BMI and centrality narrow the ethnic difference in NIDDM prevalence, Mexican Americans still have an increased risk of NIDDM (odds ratio = 2.33 in men and 1.80 in women), suggesting that other factors, possibly genetic, may also be important determinants of the ethnic differences in NIDDM prevalence.
Ketonuria in hospitalized patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Physicians routinely order urinary ketone testing for most patients with diabetes mellitus upon hospitalization, even in the absence of a history of diabetic ketoacidosis. To determine whether testing for urinary ketones is clinically useful in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), a retrospective review was undertaken of 152 charts of patients admitted to the hospital during a 6-mo period with the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus. Of the 135 patients with NIDDM, 96% had routine testing performed for urinary ketones. Surprisingly, 26% of the patients with NIDDM had positive urine ketones at some time during hospitalization, and the degree of ketonuria was markedly greater did not reflect diabetic ketoacidosis. Ketonuria was accompanied by significant hyperglycemia and most likely reflects relative insulinopenia. Only 23% of the episodes of ketonuria were acknowledged in the progress notes. Although NIDDM patients who had ketonuria in the hospital were more likely to be transiently treated with insulin than patients without ketonuria, in no instance did the progress notes state that a diagnostic test or change in therapy was ordered because of the presence of a positive test for urinary ketones. The primary goal for therapy of patients with NIDDM should remain good control of blood glucose. In the hospitalized patient in whom frequent blood glucose determinations are made, it is not clear that urinary ketone testing needs to be routinely done.
Hyperinsulinemia in a population at high risk for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is higher in Mexican Americans than in non-Hispanic white Americans, even after adjustment for the former's greater overall and more centralized adiposity. We postulated that this excess risk of NIDDM could be due to resistance to insulin. We performed oral glucose-tolerance tests with measurements of serum insulin concentrations in 225 Mexican Americans and 180 non-Hispanic whites without diabetes as part of the San Antonio Heart Study, a population-based study of risk factors for diabetes. Changes in serum insulin concentrations in response to the glucose challenge were quantified by the area under the serum insulin curve. Overall adiposity was characterized by body-mass index, and regional body-fat distribution by the ratio of subscapular to triceps skinfolds and the ratio of waist to hip circumference. After adjustment for these indicators of adiposity and also for differences in glucose tolerance, Mexican Americans were found to have significantly greater areas under the serum insulin curve than non-Hispanic whites. These data suggest that, like other populations at high risk for NIDDM such as Pima Indians and Micronesians, Mexican Americans have more hyperinsulinemia than can be accounted for by their adiposity.
HLA antigens and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in young South African Indians.; HLA, A, B and C antigens were determined in 84 South African Indian patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in whom age of onset was under 35 years and in 760 healthy Indian controls. Increased frequencies of Aw24, B15 and Bw61 were seen in the patients, but the corrected P value was not significant. Among Indians of North Indian origin, however, there was a significant association between B15 and NIDDM (corrected P less than 0,012; relative risk 4,8). In Indians of South Indian origin no clear association with any specific HLA antigens was seen, although there was a slight increase in the frequency of Aw24 (uncorrected P less than 0,007; corrected P greater than 0,05). The findings in this study serve to emphasize the heterogeneity of diabetes mellitus, since no association between NIDDM and HLA antigens has been noted in whites.
Apolipoprotein A-I gene polymorphism and susceptibility of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; A polymorphic DNA sequence of the apolipoprotein (apo) A-I gene region was studied in relation to non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). We have examined 100 patients with NIDDM and 100 control subjects as well. The presence of a unique 2.5-kilobase (kb) EcoRI fragment was found in 13 diabetic patients and two control subjects with family history of diabetes. There were six homozygotes and nine heterozygotes among them. The analysis of clinical data did not confirm any linkage between the presence of a 2.5-kb fragment and atherosclerosis. These findings suggest that the observed defect in the apo A-I gene region may confer susceptibility to NIDDM.
Evaluation of insulin release and relative peripheral resistance with use of the oral glucose tolerance test: a study in subjects with normoglycaemia, glucose intolerance and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; With use of 75 g oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs), insulin release and relative peripheral resistance were evaluated in groups of normoglycaemic subjects, subjects with glucose intolerance (GI) and patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Insulin release was expressed as the total area under the insulin curve (AUCI) and as the area under the insulin curve above the fasting insulin level (delta AUCI). The insulin response to glucose was expressed as the ratio of the area under the insulin curve to that of the glucose curve above fasting levels (delta AUCI/delta AUCG). The glucose uptake rate during the OGTT (M) was measured as the difference between the glucose load and the increase of the amount of glucose in the glucose space after, compared to before, the OGTT. The relative peripheral resistance against glucose uptake promoting factors (rel-R) was expressed as 1/M. With application of these indices in the non-obese groups, there was an increased mean total insulin release (AUCI, delta AUCI) while the mean insulin response to glucose (delta AUCI/delta AUCG) was decreased in GI-subjects compared with normoglycaemic subjects. The mean relative peripheral resistance (rel-R) was higher in GI-subjects than in normoglycaemics. Mean values of AUCI and delta AUCI were decreased (lower than in the normoglycaemics, NS), mean values of delta AUCI/delta AUCG were further decreased and mean values of rel-R were further increased in the NIDDM-groups compared with the GI-group. Insulin release was delayed in GI and NIDDM. Obese normal and obese GI-subjects with similar rel-R values as the corresponding non-obese normal and non-obese GI-subjects, had higher mean values of insulin release than the non-obese counterparts. Thus, it seemed possible to use a technique in general use, the OGTT, with a partly new approach to simultaneously obtain indices for insulin release and relative peripheral resistance, which may have clinical applicability.
Elevated in vivo insulin clearance in pima indians with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; In vivo insulin clearance in 10 subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) has been compared with clearance in eight equally obese nondiabetic control subjects by two different methods. The first approach consisted of determining the metabolic clearance rates of exogenously infused insulin (MCRI) during hyperinsulinemic (100 mU/m2/min) glucose clamp studies. The results indicated that mean (+/- SEM) MCRI was 1.4-fold greater in the diabetic subjects (436 +/- 22 ml/m2/min) than in the controls (325 +/- 24 ml/m2/min, P less than 0.005), resulting in a lower steady-state plasma insulin concentration in the diabetic (255 +/- 8 microU/ml) compared with the nondiabetic subjects (329 +/- 29 microU/ml, P less than 0.001). The impact of NIDDM on insulin removal rates was also estimated by a second method in which extraction of endogenously secreted insulin (EXTI) in response to an oral glucose load was calculated from the integrated area above basal of plasma insulin (IRI) and of plasma C-peptide (CPR), an estimate of beta-cell secretion. The results demonstrated that fractional extraction of endogenously secreted insulin (EXTI = 100 [(CPR - IRI)/CPR]) was also 1.2-fold greater for diabetic subjects (88.9 +/- 2.5%) than for nondiabetic controls (72.0 +/- 2.8%, P less than 0.001). Finally, these two independent measurements of in vivo insulin removal rates (MCRI and EXTI) were significantly correlated with each other (r = 0.71, P less than 0.002). These observations are consistent with the view that elevated insulin clearance may contribute to the postchallenge hypoinsulinemia of NIDDM in Pima Indians.
Sulfonylureas improve insulin binding and insulin action in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Sulfonylureas reduce plasma glucose concentrations in most patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The mechanism of this action is controversial. In this article we examine the issue of the peripheral effect of these drugs, i.e., the effect on insulin receptors and insulin action. In our studies we have found that sulfonylureas possess a selective regulatory in vivo effect on the cellular insulin binding to monocytes, independent of the diet and changes in plasma glucose and insulin concentrations. Furthermore, we found in in vitro studies that sulfonylureas affect the insulin receptors in a direct way. Thus, insulin binding to monocytes was increased during sulfonylurea treatment in both normal volunteers and patients with NIDDM. On the other hand, sulfonylureas seem to improve insulin action in NIDDM patients only. We conclude that the increased insulin binding in patients with NIDDM, induced by sulfonylurea treatment, may be of importance for the improved insulin action found in these patients. However, this hypothesis has to be proved.
The "dawn phenomenon"--a common occurrence in both non-insulin-dependent and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The dawn phenomenon is a condition recently described in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) that is characterized by abrupt increases in fasting levels of plasma glucose or insulin requirements or both between 5 and 9 a.m., in the absence of antecedent hypoglycemia. To determine its potential clinical relevance, we assessed its frequency and reproducibility in 20 patients with IDDM and in 13 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) during overnight closed-loop (feedback-controlled) intravenous insulin infusion. After 6 a.m., plasma glucose levels increased similarly in NIDDM (89 +/- 2 mg per deciliter, midnight to 6 a.m., vs. 98 +/- 2 mg per deciliter, 6 to 9 a.m.; P less than 0.01). Insulin requirements increased at least 50 per cent for 1 1/2 hours in 77 per cent of patients with NIDDM and in 75 per cent of patients with IDDM. In five patients with IDDM who were studied on four occasions, the phenomenon occurred during 17 of the 20 observation periods, with insulin requirements after 6 a.m. increasing 225 +/- 34 per cent; coefficients of variation in individual patients ranged from 4 to 25 per cent. Thus, the dawn phenomenon occurs commonly in both NIDDM and IDDM, but its potential variability must be taken into consideration when one is attempting to adjust insulin doses.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with early onset in Blacks and Indians.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) with onset below 35 years of age was studies in 43 Indian and 9 Black patients. NIDDM was diagnosed in 10.0% and 1.6% of diabetes in the respective racial groups. The mean age of the patients was 35.4 years and the mean duration of diabetes 7.5 years. Nearly 50% of patients were significantly obese, and more than 50% had a positive family history of diabetes. In all patients the diabetes was symptomatic at presentation, although frequently insidious in onset. In all cases the symptoms could be controlled without insulin therapy. Despite persistence significant hyperglycaemia in several patients, ketosis did not occur at any stage. Complications were detected in 40% of the Indian and 22% of the Black patients, but were unrelated to the duration of diabetes or severity of hyperglycaemia. Basal insulin levels and postglucose insulinaemic responses were lower in the Black than the Indian diabetes.
Risk factors for coronary heart disease in noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM).; Plasma levels of fasting and post-prandial blood sugar, serum levels of total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), HDL cholesterol (HDLc), LDL cholesterol (LDLc) and free fatty acids (FFA) were estimated in 213 diabetic patients (NIDDM) with coronary heart disease (CHD-group 4), 252 CHD patients (non-diabetic CHD-group 3), 164 non-insulin dependent diabetics (NIDDM-group 2) and 173 healthy subjects (controls-group 1) who did not have any clinical evidence of CHD, diabetes mellitus or any family history of the above diseases. Data was analysed by ANOVA along with the Duncan procedure and multiple logistic regression. Lipid profile of diabetic CHD patients was characterised by significantly higher concentration of TC, TG, LDLc, FFA, LDLc/HDLc ratio and lower concentration of HDLc. However, in a multivariate logistic regression analysis using 14 known risk factors, diastolic blood pressure (BP), body mass index (BMI), alcohol consumption and higher FFA levels seemed to be predictors of CHD in diabetics, overriding the influence of lipoprotein abnormalities. The same was true for nondiabetic patients also in whom BMI, FFA and alcohol consumption were found to be significant predictors of CHD. Thus, even though lipid abnormalities are more prominent in diabetics, the coexistence of obesity and hypertension seem to be important factors in diabetics for the development of CHD.
Are animal models of diabetes relevant to the study of the genetics of non-insulin-dependent diabetes in humans?.; Although it is well-recognized that non-insulin-dependent diabetes-mellitus (NIDDM) shown a strong genetic component the search for candidate genes has been very difficult since NIDDM is a complex, heterogeneous, multifactorial syndrome resulting from both genetic susceptibility and environmental risk factors. Therefore, the use of inbred animal models is an essential component of genetic investigations in this field. As these lines are genetically homogeneous, it is possible to direct mating for optimal genetic crosses and control environmental factors. Strains with spontaneous NIDDM may be constituted from animals with one or several genetic mutation(s) transmitted generation to generation or selected from non-diabetic outbred animals by repeated breeding. The ob/ob and db/db mice, which are rodent models of NIDDM and obesity, belong to the first category. Recent studies using the positional cloning approach allowed the mapping of ob gene and identification of its product, leptin, which is a protein secreted by white adipose tissue and involved in the control of food intake. The db gene encodes the leptin receptor. The search for genetic linkage was undertaken in polygenic models, especially the Goto-Kakisaki (GK) rat which was obtained by selective breeding of individuals with glucose intolerance from a non-diabetic Wistar rat colony. Though precise definition of sub-phenotypes of glucose tolerance and insulin secretion, the mapping of microsatellite markers and QTL analysis, it has proved possible to identify many independent loci containing genes regulating glucose homeostasis and insulin secretion. In another polygenic model, the OLETF rat, a locus present on chromosome X was identified. Many complementary approaches in different strains may lead to the identification of candidate genes for NIDDM and help direct the search for candidate genes in humans who show synteny relationships with rodents.
Medication cost savings associated with weight loss for obese non-insulin-dependent diabetic men and women.; BACKGROUND: The cost of diabetes mellitus can be defined in both medical and economic terms. Although there is an abundance of literature concerning the medical management of diabetes, few studies have assessed the financial impact of its treatment. This study examined the savings in prescription costs associated with a weight reduction program for obese men and women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Forty subjects ages 40-70 years who had body mass indexes of 30-40 kg/m2 and NIDDM of more than 1 year duration were assigned to one of two 800-kcal weight-loss programs for 12 weeks. A cost analysis was done on the 32 subjects who were taking anti-hypertensive and/or anti-diabetes medications. A list of medications and monthly amounts was obtained at the start, upon completion, and 1 year following completion of the diet. The average out-of-pocket cost for a month's supply of each prescription was calculated by polling 16 retail pharmacies in Lexington, Kentucky., RESULTS: Subjects lost an average of 15.3 kg (33.7 lb) over the 12 weeks. At 1-year follow-up, subjects maintained a mean 9.0-kg (19.8 lb) weight loss. The average monthly prediet out-of-pocket cost for anti-hypertensive and anti-diabetes medications and supplies was $63.30 per subject. Following completion of the diet, this cost per month decreased to $20.40 and at 1-year follow-up the average monthly cost per subject was $32.40. The estimated average savings in prescription costs per subject over the year was $442.80., CONCLUSIONS: Significant short- and long-term savings in prescription costs were obtained following a 12-week hypocaloric weight reduction program for obese individuals with NIDDM.
Very low calorie diets and recently developed anti-obesity drugs for treating overweight in non-insulin dependent diabetics.; Weight reduction in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients improves metabolic control, reduces cardiovascular risk factors, has blood pressure lowering effects and improves the well-being of the patient. This paper describes the role of very low calorie diets (VLCD), exercise, beta-adrenergic drugs and serotoninergic agents in the treatment of overweight in NIDDM. VLCD reduce body weight and improve glucose metabolism. Physical exercise programmes in addition to dietary restriction substantially contribute to weight loss and metabolic control in NIDDM. New specific beta-adrenergic agents, exhibiting virtually no beta 1 or beta 2 activity, increase energy expenditure and weight loss probably by enhancement of the basal metabolic rate. The target tissue in humans of this beta-adrenergic effect is as yet unknown. These drugs seem to enhance weight loss when used in combination with (very) low calorie diets compared to dietary restriction alone. Serotoninergic drugs reduce body weight by decreasing appetite, in particular for carbohydrates. Furthermore these drugs seem to improve insulin receptor sensitivity.
[The treatment of the obese non-insulin-dependent patient with d-fenfluramine].; The authors have evaluated the efficacy of d-fenfluramine, a serotoninergic anorectic drug, in 42 obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) who not very responded only to the hypocaloric diet or associated therapy with oral hypoglycemic agents. The treatment with d-fenfluramine orally 15 mg twice a day for six months produced improvement of clinical and metabolic considered parameters: body mass index (BMI), waist to hip ratio (WHR), mean daily blood glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin (HBA1c) were decreased after the drug's administration. After four months withdrawal of the drug we observed a further improvement of clinical and metabolic parameters in 28.6% patients, stability of them in 38.1%, while in 33.3% subject we found worsening of the data with increased body weight and metabolic parameters. Therefore d-fenfluramine is usefull in obese patients with NIDDM: the drug produces a significant reduction of the body weight and blood glucose during its administration; its effect continues also after withdrawal: likely because it improves the compliance to adhere to the hypocaloric diet of the patients. The use of d-fenfluramine in diabetic is better then others anorectic agents for poor side effects and peculiar mechanism of action involving serotoninergic activation in the hypothalamus without catecholaminergic effects. Furthermore it directly improves insulin sensitivity in obese patients with NIDDM.
Postprandial lipoprotein metabolism in normotriglyceridemic non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients: influence of apolipoprotein E polymorphism.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is associated with postprandial lipoprotein clearance defects that are correlated with the fasting hypertriglyceridemia widely observed in NIDDM patients. The aim of this study was to determine if such postprandial disturbances are found in NIDDM patients strictly normotriglyceridemic in the fasting state, and if the apolipoprotein E (apo E) polymorphism influences postprandial metabolism of intestinally derived lipoproteins. The vitamin A-fat loading test was used in 18 normotriglyceridemic NIDDM patients and seven normotriglyceridemic obese controls, and postprandial triglyceride (TG) and retinyl palmitate (RP) concentrations were evaluated in total plasma, and in the chylomicron (Sf > 1,000) and nonchylomicron (Sf < 1,000) fractions isolated by ultracentrifugation. NIDDM patients exhibited an amplified response of both TG and RP as compared with obese controls in the three fractions. Incremental TG response to the oral fat load was strongly correlated with fasting TG level (r = .80, P < .0001) in the whole study population. Postprandial lipoprotein profiles were distinguished in NIDDM patients according to apo E phenotype: despite normal fasting TG levels in E3/3 (n = 6), E2/3 (n = 6), and E3/4 (n = 6), postprandial RP response was twofold to threefold higher in E2/3 and E3/4 patients than in the common E3/3 phenotype. Contrasting lower postprandial TG increment and lower fasting and postprandial high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and HDL3 cholesterol levels were observed in E3/4 versus E3/3 patients, possibly reflecting modifications in lipid content of the postprandial lipoproteins driven by a differential lipid transfer activity depending on apo E isoform. These data indicate an enhanced postprandial lipemia in normotriglyceridemic NIDDM patients, and demonstrate the influence of apo E polymorphism on their lipoprotein clearance. Postprandial alterations of lipoprotein remnants may thus accelerate atherogenesis even in normotriglyceridemic NIDDM patients.
Endothelial-dependent vasodilation is preserved in non-insulin-dependent Zucker fatty diabetic rats.; Alterations in the structural properties of the microvasculature and in vasodilation mediated by endothelial- and, to some extent, nonendothelial-dependent mechanisms occurs in insulin-dependent diabetic humans and animals. Less severe problems of this type appear to occur during non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in humans, but data based on animal models of NIDDM are not available. The endothelial- and nonendothelial-mediated dilation of intestinal arterioles was studied in insulin-resistant male Zucker fatty diabetic (DB) rats and their lean normal male littermates (LM) at ages 22-25 and 35-40 wk. DB become hyperglycemic (450-550 mg/100 ml) at age 9-10 wk. Microiontophoretic release of acetylcholine, ADP, and nitroprusside onto arterioles caused equivalent dilation in LM and DB for both large and intermediate diameter arterioles. Administration of streptozotocin (STZ) to DB at age 18-19 wk lowered their insulin concentration approximately 25% but did not significantly effect the resting plasma glucose concentration. However, endothelial-dependent vasodilation was attenuated by 70-80% within 8-10 wk. The overall results indicate that prolonged hyperglycemia in insulin-resistant but hyperinsulinemic rats does not impair the endothelial- and nonendothelial-dependent dilation of the intestinal microvasculature. However, compromising beta-cell function with STZ, as indicated by lowering the insulin concentration by one-fourth, substantially compromises endothelial-dependent dilation similar to that found in insulin-dependent diabetic rats and humans.
Increased proportion of plasma apoB-48 to apoB-100 in non-insulin-dependent diabetic rats: contribution of enhanced apoB mRNA editing in the liver.; To assess the alteration of apolipoprotein (apo) B mRNA editing in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), we measured plasma apoB-100 and apoB-48 levels and apoB mRNA editing efficiency in the liver and intestine from GK (Goto-Kakizaki) rats, a genetically NIDDM animal. Male GK rats and control littermates, aged 25 weeks, were used in this study. Ventromedial hypothalamus (VMH)-lesioned control rats were used as hyperinsulinemic models. VMH-lesioned GK rats (GK+VMH) were treated as an insulin-exhausted NIDDM model. Plasma cholesterol and triglyceride levels were increased in GK rats. Very low density lipoprotein (VLDL)-triglyceride and low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol concentrations were significantly higher in GK rats than in controls. The increase of VLDL-triglyceride was most marked in GK+VMH rats. Plasma apoB-48 levels, quantified by immunoblot, were increased in GK rats. However, apoB-100 levels were minimally elevated in GK rats. Therefore, the apoB-48/apoB-100 ratio was remarkably increased in GK rats. ApoB mRNA editing was analyzed by reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction coupled with dideoxynucleotide chain termination assay. The ratio of apoB-48-type cDNA to apoB-100-type cDNA was significantly increased in the liver from GK rats compared with controls. Although the development of the VMH lesion increased plasma apoB-48 levels, it had no effect on the proportion of apoB-48-type to apoB-100-type cDNA in the liver from both GK and control littermates. ApoB mRNA in the intestine was almost totally edited (approximately 95%). Intestinal apoB-48/apoB-100 cDNA ratio showed no significant difference among the four groups. In conclusion, an enhanced apoB mRNA editing was indicated in the non-insulin-dependent diabetic rats, which might contribute to the increase of plasma apoB-48 levels.
Gliclazide in the treatment of obese non-insulin dependent diabetic patients.; The clinical efficacy of gliclazide and its effect on plasma glucose, body weight and serum lipids was assessed in a 3 months open trial of 30 obese, Non-Insulin Dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients who failed to respond to diet therapy alone. By day 20, the mean post prandial plasma glucose (PPG), and fasting plasma glucose (FPG) were significantly reduced from 276 +/- 13.5 to 195.8 +/- 13.9 mg % (p < 0.01) and 179 +/- 9.3 to 130.6 +/- 9.6 mg % (p < 0.01) respectively. This early glycaemic control was maintained, and by 3 months a further significant decrease occurred in PPG to 156.46 +/- 7.6 mg % (p < 0.01), and FPG to 106.9 +/- 3.8 mg % (p < 0.01). Mean glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) was reduced from 10.3% to 7.7%. The drug had a favourable effect on serum lipids, significantly increasing high density lipoprotein fraction of cholesterol (HDL-C) (p < 0.034), and decreasing low density lipoprotein fraction of cholesterol (LDL-C) (p < 0.049). Mean body weight showed a significant reduction of 1.5 kg (p < 0.003). We conclude that gliclazide is an effective hypoglycaemic agent that ensures a rapid and sustained blood glucose control with a favourable effect on lipids and body weight in obese NIDDM patients.
Insulin action in obese non-insulin-dependent diabetics and in their isolated adipocytes before and after weight loss.; To determine the effects of weight loss on insulin action in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and in their isolated adipocytes, we studied nine weight-stabilized Pima Indians [7 females and 2 males; age 39 +/- 3 yr; wt 99.9 +/- 8.2 kg; body fat 39 +/- 2% (means +/- SE)] before and after a 6.7 +/- 1.3-kg weight loss and decrease in fasting plasma glucose from 250 +/- 11 to 148 +/- 15 mg/dl. In vivo insulin action was measured during a 3-insulin-step, hyperglycemic (approximately 310 mg/dl) clamp with somatostatin (250 micrograms/h). At a clamp plasma insulin concentration of 10 microU/ml, glucose disposal rates did not change after weight loss; at approximately 100 microU/ml, glucose disposal rates increased by 21% [from 4.3 +/- 0.2 to 5.3 +/- 0.4 mg X min-1 X kg-1 of fat-free mass (FFM), P less than .01] mostly due to increased carbohydrate oxidation rates (2.0 +/- 0.3 to 2.8 +/- 0.3 mg X min-1 X kg-1 FFM, P less than .02); at 2400 microU/ml, glucose disposal rates increased by 37% (11.4 +/- 0.6 to 15.6 +/- 1.4 mg X min-1 X kg-1 FFM, P less than .02) mostly due to increased nonoxidative carbohydrate disposal rates or storage (7.5 +/- 0.6 to 10.9 +/- 1.3 mg X min-1 X kg-1 FFM, P less than .04). Sensitivity of glucose disposal to insulin in the physiologic range (measured as change in glucose disposal rate per unit change in insulin concentration between clamps at approximately 10 and approximately 100 microU/ml) was very low in these diabetic subjects and did not change after weight loss. Adipocyte cell size, basal and maximal insulin-stimulated glucose transport, and half-maximal rate for transport did not change after weight loss. The data suggest that insulin in the physiologic range has no apparent effect on glucose disposal in patients with NIDDM before or after weight loss. However, a moderate weight loss is associated with enhanced capacity to transport and metabolize glucose in vivo. The discrepancy between in vivo and in vitro results suggests that the adipocyte may not always reflect in vivo insulin action. Diabetes 36:227-36, 1987.
Hyperinsulinemia as a possible etiology for the high prevalence of non insulin dependent diabetes in Mexican Americans.; The prevalence of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is higher in Mexican Americans (MAs) than in non-Hispanic whites (NHWs) even after adjustment for the former's greater overall and more centralized adiposity. We previously have shown that MAs are more hyperinsulinemic than NHWs even after adjustment for body mass index (BMI), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), subscapular-to-triceps skinfold ratio, and glucose tolerance. We now confirm these findings in much larger population (n = 1,182). Since hepatic extraction of insulin may be decreased with upper body adiposity, we also measured fasting and 2-hour C-peptides in a subset of subjects (n = 70). C-peptide concentrations were higher in MAs than in NHWs indicating that MAs have higher insulin secretion. We examined whether the increased insulin concentrations in MAs may be associated with a bimodal distribution of insulin concentrations in which the second or higher mode might represent pre-diabetics. No evidence of bimodality, however, was apparent. The effect of overall adiposity (BMI) and upper body adiposity was similar in both Mexican Americans (a high risk population for NIDDM) and non-Hispanic whites (a low risk population for NIDDM). These data indicate that, like other populations at high risk for NIDDM such as Pima Indians in the U.S. Southwest and Micronesians in the South Pacific, Mexican Americans have more hyperinsulinemia than can be accounted for by their adiposity and body fat distribution. Prolonged insulin secretion (secondary to increased insulin resistance), is one possible explanation for this phenomenon which could lead to islet cells decomposition and eventual clinical diabetes.
Relationships between plasma-free fatty acid concentration, endogenous glucose production, and fasting hyperglycemia in normal and non-insulin-dependent diabetic individuals.; Measurements of fasting and postprandial plasma glucose, insulin, and free fatty acid (FFA) concentrations were made in 32 individuals--16 with normal glucose tolerance and 16 with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)--further subdivided into two equal groups on the basis of body weight. In addition, endogenous glucose production was estimated in 32 subjects. Both fasting plasma glucose (251 +/- 14 v 86 +/- 1 mg/dL) and FFA (672 +/- 35 v 434 +/- 45 microEq/L) concentrations were significantly higher in patients with NIDDM (P less than .001), and the differences between normal and diabetic existed in both weight groups. Rates of endogenous glucose production were also significantly elevated (P less than .001) in diabetic (120 +/- 6 mg/m2 X min) as compared to normal subjects (73 +/- 6 mg/m2 X min), and these differences were also independent of degree of obesity. However, there were no significant differences between normal subjects and patients with NIDDM in either fasting or postprandial insulin concentrations. The similarity in insulin values for normal and diabetic subjects was true of both obesity groups, although insulin concentrations were somewhat higher in normal obese individuals as compared to their normal nonobese counterparts. Significant relationships were seen between values for fasting plasma glucose and endogenous glucose production (r = .89), fasting plasma glucose and fasting FFA (r = .64), and FFA levels and endogenous glucose production (r = .58) when all nonobese subjects were considered together. Essentially identical relationships, both qualitatively and quantitatively, were seen within the obese group.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Low frequency of 5'-flanking insertion of human insulin gene in Japanese non-insulin-dependent diabetic subjects.; Polymorphism in the 5'-flanking region of the human insulin gene in 149 unrelated Japanese subjects [77 with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), 17 with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), and 55 controls] was analyzed with Southern blot hybridization. We used the size of the hybridized fragments to classify the locus into three groups according to Bell's method (a short, class 1 allele averaging 570 base pairs; an intermediate-size, class 2 allele averaging 1320 base pairs, and a long, class 3 allele averaging 2470 base pairs in size). The allelic frequency of classes 2 and 3 in 298 alleles was 5.0% and in the 146 alleles of NIDDM, 7.8%. The value is lower than in Caucasians, American Blacks, and Pima Indians, and the results suggest that the 5'-flanking insertion is not a genetic marker in most NIDDM patients who are Japanese. However, the frequency of the 5'-flanking insertion in those who were not obese and had a family history of diabetes was higher than that of other NIDDM patients (P = .013), and the frequency in NIDDM patients with onset of diabetes at age less than or equal to 39 yr was lower than those whose onset was at age greater than or equal to 40 yr (P = .053). As NIDDM is a heterogeneous disorder, further analysis is needed. These results suggest that we cannot completely exclude the meaning of the insertion in NIDDM. On the other hand, the frequency in IDDM was 0%, lower than in NIDDM (P = .094). Because the number of subjects studied was small, this result is speculative.
Insulin therapy in obese, non-insulin-dependent diabetes induces improvements in insulin action and secretion that are maintained for two weeks after insulin withdrawal.; The effects of rigorous insulin treatment on insulin action (insulin clamp) and secretion (plasma insulin response to glucose) were studied in 13 obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Improvements were documented in fasting (P less than 0.0001) and postprandial (P less than 0.0001) plasma glucose concentrations, insulin secretion after oral glucose (P less than 0.001), and insulin action (P less than 0.005) after 30 days of therapy. Mean integrated plasma insulin response to glucose increased 2.5-fold after insulin therapy, but this improvement varied considerably from patient to patient. Insulin action also increased with insulin treatment and the resulting values were no longer significantly different from a weight- and age-matched group of subjects with normal glucose tolerance. However, there was considerable patient-to-patient variation in the degree to which insulin action was enhanced. The insulin-induced improvements in glucose tolerance persisted for at least 2 wk after insulin withdrawal, and were associated with continued increased insulin secretion and insulin action. In conclusion, control of hyperglycemia for 1 mo led to improvements in both insulin secretion and action in a series of obese patients with NIDDM that persisted for at least 2 wk after cessation of therapy.
Carbohydrate oxidation and storage in obese non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients. Effects of improving glycemic control.; We have determined total body carbohydrate and lipid oxidation rates in response to a standard breakfast in nine obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and in seven age- and weight-matched controls. The patients with NIDDM were studied twice, once while in poor glycemic control (fasting blood glucose concentration 267 +/- 24 mg/dl, urinary glucose excretion 28.9 +/- 6.3 g/24 h) and again after modest glycemic improvement following 2 mo of fiber treatment (fasting blood glucose 227 +/- 19 mg/dl, urinary glucose excretion 10.7 +/- 1.9 g/24 h). Basal carbohydrate (CHO) oxidation rates were normal in patients with NIDDM before and after fiber treatment. However, in patients before fiber treatment the rise in CHO oxidation rates, the reciprocal fall in lipid oxidation rates, and the rise in serum insulin and C-peptide concentrations after the breakfast were all severely blunted. In addition, storage of ingested CHO was significantly reduced (from 55% to 32%, P less than 0.05). After fiber treatment, postbreakfast CHO oxidation rates had improved and were no longer significantly lower than control values. In contrast, CHO storage remained suppressed. We conclude that (1) basal CHO oxidation remained normal but that postbreakfast CHO oxidation was impaired in our obese patients with NIDDM. This impairment, however, appeared to be a relatively late event, occurring only during severely uncontrolled NIDDM. (2) Inability to dispose of CHO by storage appeared to be an earlier defect with a greater impact on glucose tolerance than the impairment of CHO oxidation.
Response of non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients to an intensive program of diet and exercise.; To assess the effectiveness of the Pritikin program of diet and exercise for treating patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), data were obtained from 60 patients who completed the 26-day residential program. Of the 23 patients who were taking oral hypoglycemic agents upon entry, all but 2 were off medication by the end of the program. Of the 17 patients who were taking insulin, all but 4 were off medication at discharge. Two of the four had their insulin reduced by 50% while the remaining two had no major change in their insulin dosage. Fasting blood glucose was reduced from 194.9 +/- 10.1 to 144.6 +/- 7.1 mg/dl. Serum cholesterol was reduced from 225.4 +/- 5.7 to 181.7 +/- 4.9 mg/dl while triglycerides were reduced from 283.7 +/- 28.8 to 186.2 +/- 11.6 mg/dl. The group as a whole lost an average of 4.3 kg/body wt and achieved 40.5% of their desired weight loss. Maximum work capacity increased from 5.6 +/- 0.3 to 7.9 +/- 0.4 METs, while daily walking increased from 11.7 +/- 2.4 to 102.8 +/- 4.8 min/day. The decrease in fasting glucose was not correlated with weight loss (r = 0.24), increase in walking time (r = 0.00), or increase in MET capacity (r = 0.05). We conclude that the total program is an effective means for treating NIDDM patients. We also feel that the high-complex-carbohydrate, high-fiber, low-fat diet is of primary importance.
The effect of chronic sulfonylurea therapy on hepatic glucose production in non-insulin-dependent diabetes.; In 20 patients with untreated non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), there was a positive relationship between fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and glucose production rate, calculated by the isotope dilution technique (r = 0.72, P less than 0.001). This suggests that glucose production rate is an important determinant of FPG in untreated NIDDM. Fifteen patients were also studied during therapy with chlorpropamide for 3-6 mo. During therapy, FPG was lower (133 +/- 9 vs. 216 +/- 20 mg/dl, mean +/- SEM; P less than 0.001), glucose production was lower (59.5 +/- 2.0 vs 77.6 +/- 4.9 mg/m2/min; P less than 0.005), and there was a significant correlation between the fall in glucose production and the fall in FPG (r = 0.59, P less than 0.05). Fasting IRI levels increased in some, but not all, patients during chlorpropamide (untreated 18 +/- 2, treated 21 +/- 2 muU/ml; P= NS). However, there was a significant relationship between the percent rise in IRI and the fall in glucose production during treatment (r = 0.75, P less than 0.001). Patients with a rise in fasting insulin during therapy had a greater fall in glucose production than those whose insulin did not rise (25.4 +/- 8.1 vs. 7.8 +/- 2.4 mg/m2/min; P less than 0.005). When a low-dose insulin infusion was given to approximate the increases of portal venous insulin during therapy, similar falls of glucose production occurred. We conclude that inhibition of endogenous glucose production during chronic chlorpropamide therapy is an important mechanism for the lowering of FPG and that enhanced insulin secretion is the reason for the major part of this inhibition. The small fall in glucose production in those patients whose insulin level did not rise during therapy suggests an additional contribution by some other mechanism.
Insulin secretory response to oral glucose load, diabetic microangiopathy and diabetic control: a study in non-insulin dependent diabetics.; To study the importance of the residual insulin secretion for the degree of diabetic control and for the development of microangiopathy 55 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were studied. A 1 hr oral glucose tolerance test was performed at diagnosis and 5-10 yr later. At diagnosis all patients were free of microangiopathy, at reassessment 24 patients had evidence of microangiopathy, i.e. retinopathy, neuropathy or nephropathy, alone or in combination. The glucose induced increments of insulin levels (delta IRI) at reassessment correlated inversely with the degree of diabetic control, measured by Haemoglobin A1 (r = -0.466, p less than 0.01), and with the mean fasting blood glucose throughout the follow up period (r = -0.491, p less than 0.01). delta IRI at diagnosis was similar in patients with and without microangiopathy, and at reassessment, although lower in the microangiopathy group (11.2 +/- 2.1 vs. 16.4 +/- 2.1 microunits/ml, p less than 0.1). The difference between the 2 groups did not reach statistical significance. When patients were separated into those treated with diet alone and those treated with oral antidiabetic agents, delta IRI at reassessment was significantly lower in patients on oral agents (10.5 +/- 1.9 vs. 17.2 +/- 2.2 microunits ml, p less than 0.01), but the prevalence of microangiopathy was not different between 2 groups (37% and 52%, respectively). These findings show that in patients with NIDDM the residual beta cell function is important for the degree of diabetic control, but a direct relationship between the degree of insulin deficiency and the presence of diabetic microangiopathy is not established.
Fatty acid and glucose incorporation into human adipose tissue in non-insulin-dependent diabetes and in insulinoma. Inverse relations with plasma triglyceride and glucose concentrations.; Decreased fatty acid and glucose incorporation into human adipose tissue (FIAT and GLIAT) are frequently found in primary hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) and might also contribute to the defective removal of lipoprotein triglyceride (TG) in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). To study this possible mechanism, FIAT and GLIAT were determined in needle biopsy specimens from 14 patients with newly diagnosed NIDDM and in 14 age- and weight-matched controls. A patient with insulinoma and hyperinsulinism was also studied. FIAT and GLIAT processes were markedly reduced in patients with NIDDM that developed at the onset of maturity. Insulinoma patients, with normal plasma TG, showed FIAT-GLIAT values in the high to normal range before operation. A direct, highly significant correlation (P less than 0.001) was demonstrated between FIAT and GLIAT in diabetics, insulinoma and controls when considered together. Plasma TG and glucose concentrations were inversely related to FIAT and GLIAT. These relationships were independent of the degree of obesity. It is suggested that impaired FIAT and GLIAT might contribute to defective TG removal and HTG which are often demonstrated in NIDDM.
The Pittsburgh study of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Risk for diabetes among relatives of IDDM.; AN analysis has been made of the family histories of a survey of 1280 cases of IDDM entering Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh between December 31, 1964 and January 1, 1981, discharged on insulin and initial age of onset under 17 yr. Family histories revealed an increased occurrence of IDDM among relatives in the affected families. The risk to siblings was estimated by age-corrected proband exclusion (3.3%) by age 20 and by the Li-Mantel segregation ratio estimator (6.0%). The comparison of these risk measures is discussed. The occurrence of IDDM among the parents is 2.6% and of NIDDM among the parents is 2.4%. A comparison of risk to relatives (parents, sibs, uncles, half-sibs) observed in the Pittsburgh Study to those of six other studies reveal essentially equivalent rates. There is no increased risk to siblings of a diabetic who had an early age of onset. There is an increased risk to siblings of a diabetic (10.5%) in families where at least one parent has insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and also an increased risk to siblings of a diabetic (8.8%) when at least one parent has non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM). The average age of onset for second cases in a family is significantly older than age of onset in single case families.
Autoimmunity in type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in North India.; Pancreatic islet cell, thyroid, gastric parietal cell, and adrenal autoantibodies were studied in 110 young insulin-dependent diabetics (type I; IDDM), 12 non-insulin-dependent diabetics (NIDDM), 26 patients with pancreatic diabetes, and 123 age- and sex-matched healthy controls. All the patients were aged 30 years or under at the onset of diabetes. Islet cell antibody was found in 31% of the patients with IDDM, but in only one patient with NIDDM, one patient with pancreatic diabetes, and one healthy control subject. Thyroid, parietal cell, and/or adrenal antibodies were present in 26% of the IDDM patients, 17% of the NIDDM patients, 12% of the patients with pancreatic diabetes, and 19% of the control subjects. There was no association between the presence of islet cell antibody and other organ-specific autoantibodies and any particular HLA phenotype. Data from the North Indian study have been compared with those from other populations of the world, similarities and differences have been brought out, and their significance has been discussed. The relative contribution of the autoimmune component in the etiopathogenesis of different forms of diabetes mellitus varies among the different populations of the world, accounting to some extent for the observed differences in incidence and clinical profiles.
Cost of non-insulin-dependent diabetes in women with a history of gestational diabetes: implications for prevention.; Women with gestational diabetes have a 50% risk of developing non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus within 10 years of delivery and thus constitute a well-defined target population for primary prevention. Current obstetric standards advocate universal screening of all pregnant women for gestational diabetes. Therefore, approximately half the reproductive-age United States population is screened for carbohydrate intolerance before the onset of overt disease. Continuation of dietary and behavioral changes initiated during pregnancy theoretically could delay or prevent progression to overt diabetes. We present an economic model of the health care dollars that could be saved by promoting postpartum life-style changes in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes. Assuming the incidence of diabetes could be reduced by 10, 25, or 50% in a national cohort of women with gestational diabetes, then 32, 140, or 331 million health care dollars could be saved over 10 years.
Predictive factors for the development of diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to determine the incidence of diabetes in women with previous dietary-treated gestational diabetes mellitus and to identify predictive factors for development of diabetes., STUDY DESIGN: Two to 11 years post partum, glucose tolerance was investigated in 241 women with previous dietary-treated gestational diabetes mellitus and 57 women without previous gestational diabetes mellitus (control group)., RESULTS: Diabetes developed in 42 (17.4%) women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (3.7% insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and 13.7% non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus). Diabetes did not develop in any of the controls. Predictive factors for diabetes development were fasting glucose level at diagnosis (high glucose, high risk), preterm delivery, and an oral glucose tolerance test result that showed diabetes 2 months post partum. In a subgroup of previous patients with gestational diabetes mellitus in whom plasma insulin was measured during an oral glucose tolerance test in late pregnancy a low insulin response at diagnosis was found to be an independent predictive factor for diabetes development., CONCLUSIONS: Women with previous dietary-treated gestational diabetes mellitus have a considerably increased risk of later having diabetes. Follow-up investigations are therefore important, especially in those women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus in whom the identified predictive factors are present.
Definition of diabetes mellitus.; The nomenclature of human diabetes mellitus (DM) has been revised, and this classification has been accepted throughout the medical world and literature. The major categories of diabetes are: insulin-dependent DM, type I or IDDM; noninsulin-dependent DM, type II or NIDDM; secondary DM or type S; impaired glucose tolerance, IGT; gestational diabetes; and previous abnormality of glucose tolerance, PrevAGT. A review of the literature has shown that over half of the documented diabetic dogs, with a single medical diagnosis, appear to be type I, IDDM, with a substantial proportion being type S, and the remainder being type II, NIDDM. Obesity is frequently associated with IGT and NIDDM. Diabetic cats most commonly have pancreatic islet destruction associated with pancreatic amyloidosis; they are insulin deficient, IDDM. The commonest causes of secondary diabetes in dogs are pancreatic damage, hyperadrenocorticism and hypersomatotropism secondary to persistent progesterone influence. Progestogen therapy is the most frequently reported cause of secondary diabetes in cats. Diabetes in horses is type S, usually secondary to a functional pituitary tumor but occasionally following chronic pancreatitis. The blood glucose ranges for normal, IGT and diabetic animals, and the normal serum insulin values of various species is tabulated.
Enhanced external counterpulsation (EECP) decreases advanced glycation end products and proinflammatory cytokines in patients with non-insulin-dependent type II diabetes mellitus for up to 6 months following treatment.; AIMS: Enhanced external counterpulsation (EECP) is a noninvasive, non-pharmacologic intervention proven to increase nitric oxide bioavailability in patients with coronary artery disease. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the potential clinical benefits of EECP on advanced glycation end products (AGEs) and proinflammatory cytokine concentrations in patients with a clinical diagnosis of type II diabetes mellitus (T2DM)., METHODS: Thirty subjects (60.7 +/- 1.9 years) with T2DM were randomly assigned (2:1 ratio) to receive either 35 1-h sessions of EECP (n = 20) or time-matched standard care (n = 10). AGEs, receptors for AGEs (RAGEs), soluble vascular cell adhesion molecules-1 (sVCAM-1), and 8-iso-prostaglandin 2alpha (8-iso-PGF2alpha) were evaluated before and at 48 h, 2 weeks, 3, and 6 months following EECP treatment or time-matched control., RESULTS: EECP significantly decreased AGEs and RAGEs at all follow-up measurement time points. AGEs and RAGEs were decreased at 48 h (-75 and -16 %), 2 weeks (-87 and -28 %), 3 months (-89 and -29 %), and 6 months (-92 and -20 %) following EECP treatment, respectively. sVCAM-1 and 8-iso-PGF2alpha were significantly decreased at 48 h (-30 and -49 %) and 2 weeks (-22 and -27 %) following EECP, respectively. sVCAM-1 (-27 %) remained significantly reduced at 3 months following EECP. Nitrite/nitrate (NOx) was significantly increased at 48 h (+48.4 %) and 2 weeks (+51.9 %) following EECP treatment., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings provide novel evidence that EECP decreases AGE/RAGE concentrations, inflammation, and oxidative stress in patients with T2DM that persist for up to 6 months following treatment.
Enhanced external counterpulsation (EECP) improves biomarkers of glycemic control in patients with non-insulin-dependent type II diabetes mellitus for up to 3 months following treatment.; AIMS: The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the potential clinical benefits of EECP on glycemic parameters [fasting plasma glucose (FPG), postprandial glucose (PPG120), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c)] in patients with a clinical diagnosis of type II diabetes mellitus (T2DM)., METHODS: Thirty subjects (60.7 +/- 1.9 years) with T2DM were randomly assigned (2:1 ratio) to receive either 35 1-h sessions of EECP (n = 20) or time-matched control of standard care (n = 10). FPG, PPG120, and HbA1c were evaluated before and at 48 h, 2 weeks, 3 and 6 months following EECP treatment or time-matched control., RESULTS: EECP significantly decreased FPG (-14.6 and -12.0 %), PPG120 (-14.6 and -13.5 %), and HbA1c (-11.5 and -19.6 %) 48 h following EECP and 2 weeks following EECP, respectively. HbA1c remained significantly reduced at 3 months following EECP (-14.3 %). The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (-31.1 %) and whole-body composite insulin sensitivity index (+54.2 %) were significantly improved 48 h following EECP. Nitrite/nitrate (NO x ) was significantly increased 48 h following EECP (+48.4 %) and 2 weeks (+51.9 %) following EECP treatment., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings provide novel evidence that EECP improves glycemic control in patients with T2DM that persist for up to 3 months following treatment.
Association of type II diabetes mellitus with characteristics and outcomes for patients undergoing sentinel lymph node biopsy for cutaneous melanoma.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Type II diabetes mellitus (T2DM) can lead to an immunosuppressed state, but whether T2DM is associated with worse outcomes for patients with melanoma has not been well studied., METHODS: Consecutive patients diagnosed with clinical stage I-II cutaneous melanoma who underwent sentinel lymph node biopsy at a single institution (2007-2016) were identified. Melanoma characteristics and recurrence/survival outcomes were compared between patients with and without T2DM at the time of melanoma diagnosis., RESULTS: Of 1128 patients evaluated, 111 (9.8%) had T2DM (n = 94 [84.7%] non-insulin dependent [NID-T2DM]; n = 17 [15.3%] insulin dependent [ID-T2DM]). T2DM patients were more likely to be older (odds ratio [OR] 1.04, p < 0.001), male (OR 2.15, p = 0.003), have tumors >1.0 mm (OR 1.88, p = 0.023), and have microsatellitosis (OR 2.29, p = 0.030). Five-year cumulative incidence of melanoma recurrence was significantly higher for patients with ID-T2DM (46.7% ID-T2DM vs. 25.7% NID-T2DM vs. 17.1% no T2DM, p < 0.001), and on multivariable analysis, ID-T2DM was independently associated with melanoma recurrence (hazard ratio 2.57, p = 0.015). No difference in 5-year disease-specific survival was observed between groups., CONCLUSIONS: ID-T2DMappears to be associated with more advanced melanoma and increased risk for melanoma recurrence. Further study as to whether this reflects differences in tumor biology or host factors is warranted. Copyright © 2022 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and HLA class II (-DQ, -DR) association: The Digest Study.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and impaired glucose tolerance during pregnancy (IGT) are associated with an increased risk of perinatal morbidity and then further development of diabetes among 30-50% of affected women. This is a real public health problem that deserves investigation of phenotypic and genotypic predisposing markers. However, the involvement of genetic background in GDM and IGT remains unclear. In particular, association with HLA class II polymorphism has been poorly studied and has produced conflicting results. In attempt to clarify these discrepancies, we investigated HLA class II polymorphism in 95 GDM and 95 IGT women from the north of France using DNA amplification followed by restriction enzyme digestion (PCR-RFLP). Ninety-five pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) were chosen as a control reference group. The distribution of HLA class II polymorphism was not found to be significantly different between GDM, IGT and NGT samples. In particular, we did not find any significant variation of DRB1*03 and DRB1*04 allele frequencies between these three groups. These data provide further evidence that insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) HLA class II susceptibility alleles cannot serve as genetic markers for susceptibility to glucose intolerance during pregnancy. However, GDM and IGT were not equivalent to the NGT control group and presented particular HLA patterns. In particular, we observed an increase of the DRB1*0701-DQA1*0201-DQB1*02 haplotype in GDM women (P = 0.02; Pc not significant) and an increase of DRB1*0101-DQA1*0101-DQB1*0501 and DRB1*1302-DQA1*0102-DQB1*0604 haplotypes in the IGT group (P = 0.02 and 8 x 10(-3), respectively; Pc not significant). In contrast, we found a decrease in the DRB1*1101 allele in IGT samples (P = 0.03; Pc not significant) and a decrease of DRB1*1103-*1104 alleles in the GDM group (P = 9 x 10(-3); Pc not significant). Although these findings are only descriptive, it points out the genetic heterogeneity of glucose intolerance during pregnancy.
Predictive value of human leukocyte antigen class II typing for the development of islet autoantibodies and insulin-dependent diabetes postpartum in women with gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for the development of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus postpartum. To evaluate whether there is any association of human leukocyte antigen (HLA) class II alleles (DR and DQ) with GDM and the postpartum development of IDDM, we analyzed 184 women with GDM from Germany for HLA class II alleles, islet autoantibodies [islet cell autoantibodies (ICA), glutamic acid decarboxylase autoantibodies (GADA), and protein tyrosine phosphatase IA-2 autoantibodies (IA-2A), and the postpartum development of diabetes. No elevation in the frequency of any HLA class II alleles was observed in GDM patients compared to 254 nondiabetic unrelated subjects. DR3 allele frequency was significantly increased in 43 women with islet autoantibodies [corrected P value (Pc) = 0.02], in particular in those with GADA (Pc = 0.002), or in the 24 women who developed IDDM postpartum (Pc = 0.005). In women with GADA, DR4 and DQB1*0302 were significantly elevated (Pc = 0.009). Twenty-five (59.5%) islet antibody-positive women and 17 (74%) women who developed IDDM postpartum had a DR3- or DR4-containing genotype. The cumulative risk to develop IDDM within 2 yr postpartum in GDM women with either DR3 or DR4 was 22% compared to 7% in women without those alleles (P = 0.02) and rose to 50% in the DR3- or DR4-positive women who had required insulin during pregnancy (P = 0.006). Combining the determination of susceptible HLA alleles (DR3, DR4) with islet autoantibody measurement increased the sensitivity of identifying GDM women developing postpartum IDDM to 92%, but did not improve risk assessment above that achieved using GADA measurement alone, which was the strongest predictor of IDDM. These results indicate that women with GDM who have islet autoantibodies at delivery or develop IDDM postpartum have HLA alleles typical of late-onset type 1 diabetes, and that both HLA typing and islet antibodies can predict the development of postpartum IDDM.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Impedes Fetal Lung Development Through Exosome-Dependent Crosstalk Between Trophoblasts and Lung Epithelial Cells.; Background: Fetal lung underdevelopment (FLUD) is associated with neonatal and childhood severe respiratory diseases, among which gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) play crucial roles as revealed by recent prevalence studies, yet mechanism underlying GDM-induced FLUD, especially the role of trophoblasts, is not all known., Methods: From the perspective of trophoblast-derived exosomes, we established in vitro, ex vivo, in vivo and GDM trophoblast models. Utilizing placenta-derived exosomes (NUB-exos and GDMUB-exos) isolated from normal and GDM umbilical cord blood plasma and trophoblast-derived exosomes (NC-exos and HG-exos) isolated from HTR8/SVneo trophoblasts medium with/without high glucose treatment, we examined their effects on fetal lung development and biological functions., Results: We found that, compared with the NUB-exos group, the exosome concentration increased in GDMUB-exos group, and the content of exosomes also changed evidenced by 61 dysregulated miRNAs. After applying these exosomes to A549 alveolar type II epithelial cells, the proliferation and biological functions were suppressed while the proportion of apoptotic cells was increased as compared to the control. In ex vivo studies, we found that GDMUB-exos showed significant suppression on the growth of the fetal lung explants, where the number of terminal buds and the area of explant surface decreased and shrank. Besides, the expression of Fgf10, Vegfa, Flt-1, Kdr and surfactant proteins A, B, C, and D was downregulated in GDMUB-exos group, whilst Sox9 was upregulated. For in vivo studies, we found significant suppression of fetal lung development in GDMUB-exos group. Importantly, we found consistent alterations when we used NC-exos and HG-exos, suggesting a dominant role of trophoblasts in placenta-derived exosome-induced FLUD., Conclusion: In conclusion, GDM can adversely affect trophoblasts and alter exosome contents, causing crosstalk disorder between trophoblasts and fetal lung epithelial cells and finally leading to FLUD. Findings of this study will shine insight into the theoretical explanation for the pathogenesis of FLUD. Copyright © 2023 Chen et al.
Modifications in platelet membrane transport functions in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and in gestational diabetes.; The pathogenesis of plasma membrane alterations present in diabetes mellitus is unclear. To add new insights to the question, platelet membrane properties were evaluated in 16 women presenting impaired glucose tolerance at the 28-29th week of gestation (GDM) and in 8 women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). 15 healthy pregnant women (HPW) and 21 healthy non-pregnant (HNPW) women were the control group for GDM and IDDM, respectively. Pregnancy (HPW vs. HNPW) provoked an increase in Ca(2+)-ATPase activity and a decrease in membrane fluidity; in contrast, Na+/K(+)-ATPase, intracellular free Ca2+ concentrations, membrane cholesterol and phospholipid content did not vary. Both GDM and IDDM showed lower Na+/K(+)-ATPase activity and higher Ca2+ concentration, compared to HPW and HNPW, respectively, whereas Ca(2+)-ATPase activity was higher only in IDDM; furthermore, membrane fluidity was lower in GDM and higher in IDDM. Finally, GDM showed higher membrane cholesterol content. Both GDM and IDDM showed a very good metabolic control so that variations reported cannot be due to hyperglycemia; it is tempting to suggest that membrane variations are present before the clinical metabolic alteration. Furthermore, both GDM and IDDM were on insulin therapy, therefore: (i) insulin may be the pathogenetic factor of higher intracellular free Ca2+ concentrations and lower Na+/K(+)-ATPase activity since they both varied accordingly in GDM and IDDM, but not of (ii) changes in Ca(2+)-ATPase, membrane fluidity and cholesterol content which did not vary accordingly in GDM and IDDM.
Proteomic-driven biomarker discovery in gestational diabetes mellitus: a review.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as any degree of glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy and it affects 18% of pregnant women worldwide. GDM is considered a high-risk state which may lead to type II diabetes which is associated with an increase in a number of interrelated adverse perinatal outcomes. Given the fact that the progress of a successful pregnancy is dependent on the intricate communication between several biological molecules, identification of the proteomic profile perturbations in women with GDM is expected to help in understanding the disease pathogenesis and also discovery of clinical biomarker(s). In recent years, both gel-free and gel-based proteomics have been extensively investigated for improving maternal and child health. Although there are several reports integrating various aspects of proteomics in pregnancy related diseases such as preeclampsia, extensive Pubmed search shows no review so far on the application of proteomics in gestational diabetes. In this review, we focus on various high-throughput proteomic technologies for the identification of unique biosignatures and biomarkers responsible for the early prediction of GDM. Further, different analytical strategies and biological samples involved in proteomic analysis of this pregnancy-related disease are discussed. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled: Proteomics in India. Copyright © 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Epigenetic Down-Regulation of Sirt 1 via DNA Methylation and Oxidative Stress Signaling Contributes to the Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-Induced Fetal Programming of Heart Ischemia-Sensitive Phenotype in Late Life.; Rationale: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing worldwide. However, whether and how GDM exposure induces fetal programming of adult cardiac dysfunctional phenotype, especially the underlying epigenetic molecular mechanisms and theranostics remain unclear. To address this problem, we developed a late GDM rat model. Methods: Pregnant rats were made diabetic on day 12 of gestation by streptozotocin (STZ). Experiments were conducted in 6 weeks old offspring. Results: There were significant increases in ischemia-induced cardiac infarction and gender-dependent left ventricular (LV) dysfunction in male offspring in GDM group as compared to controls. Exposure to GDM enhanced ROS level and caused a global DNA methylation in offspring cardiomyocytes. GDM attenuated cardiac Sirt 1 protein and p-Akt/Akt levels, but enhanced autophagy-related proteins expression (Atg 5 and LC3 II/LC3 I) as compared to controls. Ex-vivo treatment of DNA methylation inhibitor, 5-Aza directly inhibited Dnmt3A and enhanced Sirt 1 protein expression in fetal hearts. Furthermore, treatment with antioxidant, N-acetyl-cysteine (NAC) in offspring reversed GDM-mediated DNA hypermethylation, Sirt1 repression and autophagy-related gene protein overexpression in the hearts, and rescued GDM-induced deterioration in heart ischemic injury and LV dysfunction. Conclusion:  Our data indicated that exposure to GDM induced offspring cardiac oxidative stress and DNA hypermethylation, resulting in an epigenetic down-regulation of Sirt1 gene and aberrant development of heart ischemia-sensitive phenotype, which suggests that Sirt 1-mediated signaling is the potential therapeutic target for the heart ischemic disease in offspring.
A prospective study of pregravid determinants of gestational diabetes mellitus.; CONTEXT: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects 3% to 5% of pregnancies. Knowledge of risk factors for GDM is needed to identify possible preventive strategies., OBJECTIVE: To assess whether recognized determinants of noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus also may be markers for increased risk of GDM., DESIGN: Prospective cohort study., SETTING: The Nurses' Health Study II, which involves female US nurses aged 25 to 42 years at entry., PARTICIPANTS: The analyses included 14613 women without previous GDM or other known diabetes who reported a singleton pregnancy between 1990 and 1994. Of these women, 722 (4.9%) reported a new diagnosis of GDM., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Self-report of GDM, validated by medical record review in a subset., RESULTS: In multivariate analyses including age, pregravid body mass index (BMI), and other GDM risk factors, the risk for GDM increased significantly with increasing maternal age (P for trend, <.01) and family history of diabetes mellitus (relative risk, 1.68; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.39-2.04). Relative risks for GDM were 2.13 (95% CI, 1.65-2.74) for pregravid BMI of 25 to 29.9 kg/m2 and 2.90 (95% CI, 2.15-3.91) for BMI of 30 kg/m2 or more (vs BMI of <20 kg/m2). Risk for GDM increased with greater weight gain in early adulthood, and it also increased among nonwhite women. Pregravid current smokers had a relative risk for GDM of 1.43 (95% CI, 1.14-1.80), and pregravid vigorous exercise was associated with a nonsignificant reduction in GDM risk., CONCLUSIONS: Advanced maternal age, family history of diabetes mellitus, nonwhite ethnicity, higher BMI, weight gain in early adulthood, and cigarette smoking predict increased GDM risk. These observations may facilitate the identification of women at particular risk for GDM and suggest potential strategies for reducing this risk even before a woman becomes pregnant, such as avoiding substantial weight gain and smoking.
Barriers to Exclusive Breastfeeding Among Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in the United States.; OBJECTIVE: To identify differences in breastfeeding-related knowledge, attitudes, beliefs, and experiences between women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and women without GDM., DESIGN: Cross-sectional and prospective cohort study., SETTING: Secondary analysis of data from the U.S. Infant Feeding Practices Study II., PARTICIPANTS: Pregnant women with GDM (n = 195) and pregnant women without GDM (n = 2,815) were included in cross-sectional analyses. For prospective analyses, complete data were available at the postpartum time point for 107 women with and 1,626 women without GDM., METHODS: We compared women with and without GDM for breastfeeding knowledge, attitudes, and beliefs during pregnancy and hospital experiences and problems with breastfeeding after birth. We used multivariate logistic regression to estimate associations between GDM and dependent variables., RESULTS: Women with GDM were less likely to say that breastfeeding is the best way to feed an infant (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] = 0.62, 95% confidence interval [CI] [0.46, 0.85]), more likely to say that the fathers of their infants prefer formula feeding (aOR = 1.74, 95% CI [1.02, 2.97]) or mixed feeding (aOR = 1.78, 95% CI [1.21, 2.61]), and more likely to say their physicians prefer formula (aOR = 2.82, 95% CI [1.17, 6.79]). Women with GDM were less likely to report feeling comfortable breastfeeding in front of female friends (aOR = 0.70, 95% CI [0.50, 0.98]). Newborns of women with GDM were less likely to stay in their mothers' hospital rooms (aOR = 0.55, 95% CI [0.36, 0.85])., CONCLUSION: We identified differences in breastfeeding-related knowledge, attitudes, beliefs, and experiences between women with GDM and women without GDM that could be targets for further research and intervention. Copyright © 2018 AWHONN, the Association of Women's Health, Obstetric and Neonatal Nurses. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Fetal insulin and IGF-II contribute to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-associated up-regulation of membrane-type matrix metalloproteinase 1 (MT1-MMP) in the human feto-placental endothelium.; CONTEXT: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-associated hormonal and metabolic derangements in mother and fetus affect placental development and function. Indeed, in GDM, placentas are characterized by hypervascularization and vascular dysfunction. The membrane-type matrix metalloproteinase 1 (MT1-MMP) is a key player in angiogenesis and vascular expansion., OBJECTIVE: Here, we hypothesized elevated placental MT1-MMP levels in GDM induced by components of the diabetic environment. Therefore, we measured placental MT1-MMP in normal vs. GDM pregnancies, identified potential functional consequences, and investigated the contribution of hyperglycemia and the insulin/IGF axis., DESIGN: Immunohistochemistry identified placental cell types expressing MT1-MMP. MT1-MMP was compared between normal and GDM placentas by immunoblotting. Quantitative PCR of MT1-MMP in primary feto-placental endothelial cells (fpEC) and trophoblasts isolated from both normal and GDM placentas identified the cells contributing to the GDM-associated changes. A putative MT1-MMP role in angiogenesis was determined using blocking antibodies for in vitro angiogenesis assays. Potential GDM-associated factors and signaling pathways inducing MT1-MMP up-regulation in fpEC were identified using kinase inhibitors., RESULTS: Total and active MT1-MMP was increased in GDM placentas (+51 and 54%, respectively, P<0.05) as a result of up-regulated expression in fpEC (2.1-fold, P=0.02). MT1-MMP blocking antibodies reduced in vitro angiogenesis up to 25% (P=0.03). Pathophysiological levels of insulin and IGF-II, but not IGF-I and glucose, stimulated MT1-MMP expression in fpEC by phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase signals relayed through the insulin, but not IGF-I, receptor., CONCLUSIONS: GDM up-regulates MT1-MMP in the feto-placental endothelium, and insulin and IGF-II contribute. This may account for GDM-associated changes in the feto-placental vasculature.
Association of mRNA expression and polymorphism of antioxidant glutathione-S-transferase (GSTM1 and GSTT1) genes with the risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM).; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a medical complication during the gestational period in which woman who had never been diagnosed with diabetes develops hyperglycemia. Prior studies have demonstrated that the advancement of GDM and its consequences arises from a disparity between oxidants and antioxidants in the cells. The observed outcomes can be attributed to an excessive formation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) within the cells, coupled with a reduced activity of anti-oxidative enzymes. Glutathione S-transferase (GSTs) is recognized as an antioxidant enzyme that is belong to as a phase II family member of detoxifying enzymes. These metabolic multigene catalysts are found into the cytoplasm of the cell. GSTs play a vital part in the elimination of cellular ROS or free radicals. The study involves total 300 pregnant women, (150 GDM cases and 150 healthy controls). The polymorphism study of GSTs genes (GSTM1 and GSTT1) was determined by conventional Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR). The mRNA expression study of GSTM1 and GSTT1 genes analysed by qPCR/ RT-PCR (quantitative PCR/Real-Time PCR) followed by statistical analysis done using Prism8 software (version 8.01). The study revealed statistically significant variations in biochemical parameters between GDM cases and controls. It was found GSTM1-null (GSTM1-/-) polymorphism significantly (P < 0.0001) most prevalent in GDM cases (56.7%) when compared to healthy control (28%). However, no significant difference was observed for GSTT1 null and present polymorphism (P = 0.906). The gene expression levels of both GSTM1 and GSTT1 were found considerably downregulated in individuals with GDM as compared to the control group (P < 0.0001). The downregulation of gene expression has a significant (P<0.0001) association with the null/deletion polymorphism of both GSTM1/ GSTT1 genes respectively. Null/deletion genotype of GSTM1 gene and its expression showed significant association with GDM. Therefore, this gene variant has the potential to be used as a prognostic biomarker for GDM. However, there is need to study this gene variant in larger sample size and different ethnicity. Copyright © 2024 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): a significant predictor of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and early pregnancy miscarriages-prospective study in Rajarata Pregnancy Cohort (RaPCo).; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is increasing globally with a mounting body of evidence on various adverse effects on pregnancy. Yet, prospective studies, especially from low-income and middle-income countries, are lacking in examining the impact of NAFLD in pregnancy. In this study, we explored the effect of NAFLD on the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and early pregnancy miscarriages., METHODS: A population-based prospective cohort study was conducted among first-trimester pregnant women who registered in the national pregnancy care programme during July-September 2019 in Anuradhapura district, Sri Lanka. Baseline clinical-biochemical parameters and ultrasound scan (USS) of the liver were done to assess fatty liver. Those who were normoglycaemic based on WHO criteria were followed up, and a repeat oral glucose tolerance test was performed between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation., RESULTS: Of the 632 pregnant women studied, 90 (14%) and 234 (37%) were diagnosed as having fatty liver grade (FLG) II and I, respectively. The cumulative incidence of GDM in FLG 0, I, and II were 11, 44, and 162 per 1000 pregnancies, respectively. After adjusting for age and other known risk factors, women with FLG II had a relative risk (RR) of 12.5 (95% CI 2.2 to 66.4) for developing GDM compared with FLG 0. In addition, women with FLG I (RR 2.1, 95% CI 1.01 to 4.64) and FLG II (RR 4.5, 95% CI 2.1 to 9.9) were significant risk factors for early pregnancy miscarriages, and FLG II remained as the only independent predictor of miscarriages after adjusting for age, parity, body mass index, blood sugar, blood pressure, and haemoglobin level (adjusted OR 4.2 (95% CI 1.9 to 9.1))., CONCLUSION: In this rural south Asian community, NAFLD is shown to be a major risk factor for GDM and early pregnancy miscarriages. Therefore, routine identification of NAFLD through a simple USS may help in the early identification of high-risk mothers. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2022. Re-use permitted under CC BY. Published by BMJ.
Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) decreases butyrylcholinesterase (BChE) activity and changes its relationship with lipids.; Many conditions interfere with butyrylcholinesterase (BChE) activity, e.g., pregnancy or presence of the BCHE gene variant -116A can decrease activity whereas obesity and types I and II diabetes mellitus can increase activity. In this study, we examined BChE activity, -116A and 1615A BCHE gene variants, and anthropometric and biochemical variables associated with diabetes in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and in healthy pregnant women. BChE activity was measured spectrophotometrically using propionylthiocholine as substrate and genotyping of the -116 and 1615 sites of the BCHE gene was done with a TaqMan SNP genotyping assay. Three groups were studied: 150 patients with GDM, 295 healthy pregnant women and 156 non-pregnant healthy women. Mean BChE activity was significantly lower in healthy pregnant women than in women from the general population and was further reduced in GDM patients. BChE activity was significantly reduced in carriers of -116A in GDM patients and healthy pregnant women. Although GDM patients had a significantly higher mean body mass index (BMI) and triglycerides than healthy pregnant women, they had lower mean BChE activity, suggesting that the lowering effect of GDM on BChE activity was stronger than the characteristic enhancing effect of increased BMI and triglycerides.
The relationships between HLA class II alleles and antigens with gestational diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. It is associated with an increased risk of pregnancy complications. Susceptibility to GDM is partly determined by genetics and linked with type 1 diabetes-associated high risk HLA class II genes. However, the evidence for this relationship is still highly controversial. In this study, we assessed the relationship between HLA class II variants and GDM. We performed meta-analysis on all of literatures available in PubMed, Embase, Web of Science and China National Knowledge Infrastructure databases. The odds ratio and 95% confidence interval of each variant were estimated. All statistical analyses were conducted using the Comprehensive Meta Analysis 2.2.064 software. At the allelic analysis, DQB1*02, DQB1*0203, DQB1*0402, DQB1*0602, DRB1*03, DRB1*0301 and DRB1*1302 reached a nominal level of significance, and only DQB1*02, DQB1*0602 and DRB1*1302 were statistically significant after Bonferroni correction. At the serological analysis, none of DQ2, DQ6, DR13 and DR17 was statistically significant following Bonferroni correction although they reached a nominal level of significance. In sum, our meta-analysis demonstrated that there were the associations between HLA class II variants and GDM but more studies are required to elucidate how these variants contribute to GDM susceptibility.
Increased cord blood angiotensin II concentration is associated with decreased insulin sensitivity in the offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To determine cord blood angiotensin II (Ang II) concentration and assess its relationship to fetal insulin sensitivity in the offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) at birth., STUDY DESIGN: Thirty women with GDM and 30 healthy women were evaluated at elective cesarean delivery. Cord blood was obtained for measurement of Ang II, glucose and insulin. Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated and used to estimate fetal insulin sensitivity., RESULT: The offspring of mothers with GDM had higher ponderal index (PI), HOMA-IR and cord Ang II and insulin concentrations than the offspring of healthy mothers. Cord insulin concentration and HOMA-IR were positively associated with PI in all the offspring. Cord Ang II concentration was positively associated with HOMA-IR in the offspring of mothers with GDM., CONCLUSION: Increased cord Ang II concentration is associated with decreased insulin sensitivity in the offspring of mothers with GDM.
Association between consumption of non-nutritive sweeteners and gestational diabetes mellitus in Chilean pregnant women: A secondary data analysis of the CHiMINCs-II cohort.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association between consumed non-nutritive sweeteners (NNS) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in a cohort of pregnant women from Santiago, Chile., METHODS: This secondary data analysis of a cohort.involved 1,472 pregnant women from the Chilean Maternal-Infant Cohort Study-II (CHiMINCs-II). These women received care at primary health care centers in Puente Alto county, South-Eastern Metropolitan Health Service of Santiago, Chile. NNS consumption was estimated using 24-h dietary recalls and linked to the packaged foods nutrition facts panel. Plasma glucose values were extracted from clinical records. GDM was defined according to national criteria: 1) fasting plasma glucose (FPG) >=100 and <126 mg/dL at the first antenatal visit; 2) FPG >=100 mg/dL or 2-hour plasma glucose >=140 mg/dL in the 75 g oral glucose tolerance test at 24-28 weeks. Cases with a GDM diagnosis in their medical records were also considered regardless of test results. The association between each NNS and GDM was assessed using logistic regression models., RESULTS: A total of 77.8% of the participants consumed NNS. The most consumed was sucralose (66%), followed by acesulfame-K (43.6%), and steviol glycosides (41.1%). Beverages (82%), dairy (12.4%) and candy products (4.4%) were the primary dietary sources of NNS. The GDM incidence was 18.9%, higher among consumers of any NNS compared to non-consumers (20.3% vs. 14.2%, p < 0.05). The adjusted model showed a significant association between the consumption of any NNS and sucralose and the risk of GDM (OR for any NNS = 1.58; 95% CI: 1.10-2.26; P = 0.014; OR sucralose = 1.44; 95% CI 1.06-1.95; P = 0.020)., CONCLUSIONS: The consumption of NNS, particularly sucralose, is associated with an increased risk of GDM in pregnant women. Further studies are essential to validate these results in other contexts and to guide future recommendations for healthier dietary practices among pregnant populations. Copyright © 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparison of Venous and Capillary Sampling in Oral Glucose Testing for the Diagnosis of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Diagnostic Accuracy Cross-Sectional Study Using Accu-Chek Inform II.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication with negative impacts on mother and child. The primary aim of this study was to examine whether plasma glucose cutoffs for GDM diagnosis based on venous sampling can be replaced by cutoffs based on capillary sampling. A prospective cross-sectional study was performed at an antenatal care clinic including 175 pregnant women undergoing an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Duplicate samples were collected by capillary and venous puncture while fasting and 1 h and 2 h after an OGTT. Both samples were analyzed on Accu-Chek Inform II. The cutoffs for a GDM diagnosis using capillary samples were corrected from 5.1 to 5.3 mmol/L for the fasting sample, from 10.0 to 11.1 mmol/L for the 1 h sample, and from 8.5 to 9.4 mmol/L for the 2-h sample using half of the dataset. Applying these cutoffs to the remaining dataset resulted in a sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy of 85.0%, 95.0%, and 90.3%, respectively, with a positive predictive value (PPV) of 83%, an negative predictive value (NPV) of 96%, and a positive negative likelihood ratio (LHR) of 16.4 using capillary sampling for the GDM diagnosis at fasting and 2-h after. Corrected cutoffs and capillary samples can be used for the diagnosis of GDM with maintained diagnostic accuracy using Accu-Chek Inform II.
Lifestyle Changes and Long-term Weight Gain in Women With and Without a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Study of 54,062 Women in the Nurses' Health Study II.; OBJECTIVE: We examined lifestyle factors with midlife weight change according to history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in a large longitudinal female cohort., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In the Nurses' Health Study II, we categorized changes in lifestyle within 4-year periods and estimated their associations with concurrent changes in body weight (kilograms) among parous women after age 40 years by GDM history status (N = 54,062; 5.3% with a history of GDM) for the following: diet quality (Alternate Healthy Eating Index [AHEI]), leisure-time physical activity (PA), alcohol consumption, and smoking status., RESULTS: Over a median follow-up of 13 years, average 4-year weight gain was 1.10 and 1.33 kg for women with and without prior GDM, respectively. Women with improved diet quality had favorable 4-year weight change, particularly those with a history of GDM (AHEI change [95% CI] from low to high -2.97 kg [-4.34, -1.60] vs. -1.19 kg [-1.41, -0.96] for GDM vs. non-GDM, respectively; P heterogeneity = 0.04). Increasing PA was associated with weight maintenance for GDM women only (PA increase [95% CI] from low to high 0.26 kg [-0.25, 0.77] vs. 0.90 kg [0.80, 1.01] for GDM vs. non-GDM, respectively; P heterogeneity = 0.02). For both GDM and non-GDM women, weight change did not differ significantly with change in alcohol consumption, while women who quit smoking had significant weight gain (4.38 kg for GDM and 3.85 kg for non-GDM)., CONCLUSIONS: Improvements in diet quality and PA were related to less weight gain in midlife among parous women, and the benefit of such improvements on weight management was particularly pronounced among women with a history of GDM. Copyright © 2022 by the American Diabetes Association.
Divergent impact of gestational diabetes mellitus between the thoracic and abdominal rat aorta: Influence of endothelium and angiotensin II receptors.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects 5-10% of pregnancies and increases the risk of fetal and maternal adverse outcomes. Interestingly, the vascular response to AngII is decreased by pregnancy while the response is increased by diabetes. It remains unclear how GDM affects vascular tone and how angiotensin II receptors contribute to these changes. In this work, we sought to establish the vascular impact of a hypercaloric diet-induced GDM through changes in AT1 and AT2 receptor's expression. Female rats fed for 7 weeks with standard (SD) or hypercaloric (HD) diet were divided at week 4. Half of the rats of each group were mated to become pregnant and those fed with a HD developed GDM. AngII-induced vasoconstriction was measured in thoracic or abdominal aorta rings using a conventional isolated organ bath and AT1 and AT2 receptors were searched by immunohistochemistry. Experiments where conducted on the pregnant standard diet group (PSD) and the pregnant hypercaloric-gestational diabetes mellitus group (PHD-GDM). Vasoconstriction was reduced in the thoracic aorta (P < 0.05 vs PSD) but increased in the abdominal aorta of PHD-GDM rats (P < 0.05 vs PSD). Blockade of AT2 receptors using PD123319 decreased vasoconstriction, particularly in the abdominal aorta of PHD-GDM animals (P < 0.05 vs PSD). PHD-GDM increased AT1 receptors expression (P < 0.05 vs PSD). Also, PHD-GDM reverted physiologic hypoglycemia and hypotension of healthy pregnancy. Findings provide new insight into the hypercaloric diet induced damage on the vasculature during pregnancy. Copyright © 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The relationship between urotensin II and insulin resistance in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIM: Urotensin II (UII), a pluripotent vasoactive peptide, plays a crucial role in development of insulin resistance. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a metabolic disorder associated with insulin resistance. The aims of the current study were to compare UII levels in women with or without GDM and to investigate the relationship between UII and insulin resistance in women with GDM., METHODS: A total of 84 women were recruited in this case-control study (42 women with GDM and 42 age- and body mass index (BMI)-matched pregnant women without GDM as controls). GDM was diagnosed by a 2-h 75-g oral glucose tolerance test over a period of 24-28 gestational weeks. Circulating UII levels were assessed via the ELISA method. The metabolic parameters of the recruited women were also determined., RESULTS: The circulating levels of UII in women with GDM were higher than in controls (11.56 +/- 4.13 vs. 7.62 +/- 3.45 ng/ml, P < 0.001). UII showed a positive correlation with insulin resistance marker (HOMA-IR), fasting blood glucose, and BMI. Moreover, according to the results of multiple linear regression analyses, UII was independently related to HOMA-IR. Additionally, the binary logistic analysis revealed that the women with the highest tertile of UII levels showed increased risk for GDM by comparison with those women with the lowest tertile of UII levels., CONCLUSION: Elevated UII levels are associated with insulin resistance in women with GDM.
Quality appraisal of gestational diabetes mellitus guidelines with AGREE II: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Several societies and associations have produced and disseminated clinical practice guidelines (CPGs) for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). However, the quality of such guidelines has not been appraised so far. This study aims to evaluate the quality of CPGs for GDM published in the last decade using the AGREE II instrument., METHODS: A systematic search of the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence, New Zealand Guidelines Group, Scottish Intercollegiate Guidelines Network, Medlive, American Diabetes Association, Canadian Diabetes Association, International Diabetes Federation, as well as PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Wanfang Chinese Periodical Database, and VIP Chinese Periodical Database was conducted from inception to June 2018. The quality was assessed by four trained researchers independently, using the AGREE IIinstrument., RESULTS: A total of 13 guidelines, published from 2009 to 2018, were finally included. Among them, 11 guidelines were evidence-based guidelines, and 2 were expert consensus. Scores for each of the six AGREE II domains(Median +/- IQR) were 94 +/- 11, 89 +/- 53, 58 +/- 37, 100 +/- 6, 79 +/- 48, 100 +/- 71 and 67% +/- 42%, and guidelines based on expert consensus generally scored lower than evidence-based guidelines (Z = -2.201, p = 0.028). Overall score of 10 guidelines were 5 points and above, and four guidelines were 7 points. Among six domains, two domains: Scope and Purpose , and Clarity of Presentation, had high scores; however, the domains of Rigor of Development, Stakeholder Involvement and Editorial Independence received lower scores., CONCLUSIONS: In general, the methodological quality of GDM guidelines is high, and evidence-based guidelines are superior to expert consensus. However, the domains of Rigor of Development, Stakeholder Involvement and Editorial Independence still need improvement. A systematic approach in the development of these guidelines and updating timely is needed. In some regions, more attention for guideline adaptation is recommended.
History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Risk of Incident Invasive Breast Cancer among Parous Women in the Nurses' Health Study II Prospective Cohort.; Background: Type II diabetes is associated with breast cancer in epidemiologic studies. Pregnancy also modifies breast cancer risk. We hypothesized that women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which shares pathogenesis and risk factors with type II diabetes, would have greater invasive breast cancer risk than parous women without a history of GDM. Methods: We conducted a prospective analysis among parous women in the Nurses' Health Study II, with mean age 35 years in 1989. Multivariate Cox proportional hazards models were used to compare risks of incident invasive breast cancer in women with and without a history of GDM. Results: Among 86,972 women studied, 5,188 women reported a history of GDM and 2,377 developed invasive breast cancer (100 with history of GDM, 2,277 without GDM) over 22 years of prospective follow-up. History of GDM was inversely associated with incident invasive breast cancer [HR, 0.68; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.55-0.84; P = 0.0004], compared with no history of GDM, after adjustment for body mass index, reproductive history, and other breast cancer risk factors. Findings were similar by menopausal status, although observed person-time was predominantly premenopausal (premenopausal: HR, 0.73; 95% CI, 0.56-0.96; P = 0.03; postmenopausal: HR, 0.63; 95% CI, 0.43-0.92; P = 0.02). Restricting to women undergoing mammography screening modestly attenuated the relationship (HR, 0.74; 95% CI, 0.57-0.96; P = 0.02). Conclusions: Among a large cohort of U.S. women, history of GDM was not associated with an elevated risk of subsequent invasive breast cancer. Impact: Our findings highlight the need to further investigate GDM's role in breast cancer development. Cancer Epidemiol Biomarkers Prev; 26(3); 321-7. ©2016 AACR. Copyright ©2016 American Association for Cancer Research.
Skeletal muscle MnSOD, mitochondrial complex II, and SIRT3 enzyme activities are decreased in maternal obesity during human pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus.; CONTEXT: Insulin resistance and systemic oxidative stress are prominent features of pregnancies complicated by maternal obesity or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The role of skeletal muscle oxidative stress or mitochondrial capacity in obese pregnant women or obese women with GDM is unknown., OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether obese pregnant women, compared with normal weight (NW) pregnant women, demonstrate decreased skeletal muscle mitochondrial enzyme activity and elevated markers of oxidative stress, and if these differences are more severe in obese women diagnosed with GDM., DESIGN: We measured mitochondrial enzyme activity and markers of oxidative stress in skeletal muscle tissue from NW pregnant women (n = 10), obese pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT; n = 10), and obese pregnant women with GDM (n = 8), undergoing cesarean delivery (~37 wk gestation)., RESULTS: Electron transport complex-II and manganese superoxide dismutase (MnSOD) enzyme activities were decreased in obese-NGT and obese-GDM, compared with NW women. The glutathione redox ratio (GSH:GSSG) was decreased in obese-NGT and obese-GDM, indicative of increased oxidative stress. Mitochondrial sirtuin (SIRT)3 mRNA content and enzyme activity were lower in skeletal muscle of obese-NGT and obese-GDM women. Importantly, acetylation of MnSOD, a SIRT3 target, was increased in obese-NGT and obese-GDM vs NW women and was inversely correlated with SIRT3 activity (r = -0.603), suggesting a mechanism for reduced MnSOD activity., CONCLUSIONS: These data show that obese pregnant women demonstrate decreased skeletal muscle mitochondrial respiratory chain enzyme activity and decreased mitochondrial antioxidant defense. Furthermore, reduced skeletal muscle SIRT3 activity may play a role in the increased oxidative stress associated with pregnancies complicated by obesity.
[Role of urotensin II gene in the genetic susceptibility to gestational diabetes mellitus in northern Chinese women].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship between the polymorphism of site rs228648 in urotensin II gene and the genetic susceptibility to gestational diabetes mellitus in northern Chinese women., METHODS: Genotyping was conducted to investigate the polymorphism of site rs228648 (G-A) in urotensin II gene among 70 unrelated gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) subjects and 70 normal controls. DNA samples isolated from leucocyte of the control and study groups were analyzed for single-nucleotide polymorphisms of the urotensin II gene at positions rs228648 using polymerase chain reaction and restriction analysis., RESULTS: (1) The distribution of genotype frequencies of site rs228648 accorded with Hardy-Weinberg's equation law, being colony representative. (2) The frequency of G allele of site rs228648 was 70.7% in GDM group, significantly higher than that in the control group (57.9%, P < 0.05); and the frequency of A allele of site rs228648 was 29.3% in GDM group, significantly lower than that in the control group (42.1%, P < 0.05). There was no significant difference in the frequency of G/G genotype between GDM group and control group (52.9% vs 41.4%, P > 0.05). (3) Women in control group were more likely to be homozygous for the allele A of site rs228648 than women with GDM. The frequency of A/A genotype of rs228648 was negatively correlated with GDM group. By the logistic procedure, after adjustment by age and gestational weeks, the odds ratio was 0.312, and Wald Confidence Limites were 0.108 to 0.900 (P = 0.031)., CONCLUSION: Urotensin II gene may contribute to the genetic susceptibility to gestational diabetes mellitus in northern Chinese population. G allele of site rs228648 is related to GDM possibly, and that homozygosis A of site rs228648 is likely to be an important protecting factor for GDM.
[Study on correlation between histocompatibility leukocyte antigen class II gene and gestational diabetes mellitus].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate correlation between part of histocompatibility leukocyte antigen (HLA) class II gene and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)., METHODS: Part of HLA-II gene was examined by polymerase chain reaction sequence specific primer (PCR-SSP). Forty-eight GDM women were served as study group, and forty-eight normal pregnant women were selected as control group., RESULTS: The frequencies of DRB1*0301, DRB1*1302 and DQA1*0301 of GDM (18.8%, 45.8% and 64.6%) in study group were significantly increased compared with control group (4.2%, 18.8% and 41.7%) (P < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that there is correlation between HLA class II gene and gestational diabetes mellitus. DRB1*0301, DRB1*1302 and DQA1*0301 are the susceptible alleles of GDM.
Urotensin-II gene rs228648 polymorphism associated with the risk of diabetes mellitus.; Background: Urotensin-II (UII) rs228648 polymorphism has been reported to be associated with the risk of diabetes mellitus (DM) with inconsistent results. The present study sought to reassess the relationship between this polymorphism and susceptibility to DM by meta-analysis. Methods: Relevant eligible studies and whole genome association study (GWAS) data electronically searched were pooled to evaluate the strength of the association with odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Results: Seven case-control studies involving 894 cases and 1186 controls were finally included in the meta-analysis. Overall analyses indicated that UII gene rs228648 variant was significantly associated with reduced risk of DM (allele, A vs. G: OR = 0.68, 95%CI = 0.56-0.82; dominant, AA+GA vs. GG: OR = 0.70, 95%CI = 0.53-0.91; homozygote, AA vs. GG: OR = 0.41, 95%CI = 0.28-0.61; recessive, AA vs. GA+GG: OR = 0.36, 95%CI = 0.19-0.71). In subgroup analyses based on ethnicity, the results showed a significant association of rs228648 polymorphism with decreased risk of DM in Chinese population under all five genetic models as well as in non-Chinese population under heterozygote and recessive models. Stratified analyses by specific type of DM also presented a significant association for common diabetes mellitus (CDM) under allele and homozygote as well as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) under all genetic models except for homozygote model. However, the synthetic analysis with GWAS data suggested an increased risk of DM with rs228648 effect allele in European population (OR = 1.01, 95%CI = 1.00-1.02). Conclusion: The present meta-analysis preliminarily suggested a potentially opposite role of rs228648 polymorphism associated with DM risk in the Chinese and European population. Further studies are in great request to verify the results. Copyright © 2018 The Author(s).
The relation of dietary protein intake before and during the pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): A GRADE-assessed systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.; BACKGROUND: Although previous studies investigated the relation of protein intake and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), their findings were controversial. Therefore, we aimed to summarize this association, through a comprehensive systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis., METHODS: Electronic databases including MEDLINE (PubMed), ISI Web of Science, Scopus and motor engineering of Google Scholar were systematically searched up to April 2023. Observational studies which investigated odds of GDM in relation to protein intake were included., RESULTS: A total of 31,005 participants with 3451 cases of GDM from 13 eligible investigations were included in the systematic review and meta-analysis. Comparing the highest and lowest intakes of total, animal, and plant proteins revealed the summary RRs of 1.82 (95% CI: 1.42, 2.33), 1.79 (95% CI: 1.50, 2.14), and 0.98 (95% CI: 0.81, 1.20), respectively, indicating a significant positive association between total and animal protein intake and GDM. In the dose-response analyses, each 5% increment in energy intake from total protein during pregnancy was related to 20% increased odds of GDM (RR = 1.20; 95% CI: 1.09, 1.33). In the non-linear dose-response analyses, we found a non-linear association for animal protein intake during pregnancy (P for non-linearity <0.001); so that, a risk increase was seen from zero to 10% of energy intake from animal proteins, however, a risk reduction was seen after 10% of energy intake. However, there was not any significant non-linear trend between plant protein intake during pregnancy and risk of GDM. Based on the GRADE assessment, the quality of evidence for total, animal and plant protein was rated as "moderate", "moderate" and "very low", respectively., CONCLUSION: We found a significant positive association between total protein intake and GDM; however, the associations of animal and plant protein intake with GDM were dose-dependent. Copyright © 2024 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Discrepancy in Insulin Regulation between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) Platelets and Placenta.; Earlier findings have identified the requirement of insulin signaling on maturation and the translocation of serotonin (5-HT) transporter, SERT to the plasma membrane of the trophoblast in placenta. Because of the defect on insulin receptor (IR) in the trophoblast of the gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-associated placenta, SERT is found entrapped in the cytoplasm of the GDM-trophoblast. SERT is encoded by the same gene expressed in trophoblast and platelets. Additionally, alteration in plasma 5-HT levels and the 5-HT uptake rates are associated with the aggregation rates of platelets. Therefore, here, we investigated a novel hypothesis that GDM-associated defects in platelet IR should change their 5-HT uptake rates, and this should be a leading factor for thrombosis in GDM maternal blood. The maternal blood and the placentas were obtained at the time of cesarean section from the GDM and non-diabetic subjects (n = 6 for each group), and the platelets and trophoblasts were isolated to determine the IR activity, surface level of SERT, and their 5-HT uptake rates. Interestingly, no significant differences were evident in IR tyrosine phosphorylation or the downstream elements, AKT and S6K in platelets and their aggregation rates in both groups. Furthermore, insulin stimulation up-regulated 5-HT uptake rates of GDM-platelets as it does in the control group. However, the phosphorylation of IR and the downstream elements were significantly lower in GDM-trophoblast and showed no response to the insulin stimulation while they showed 4-fold increase to insulin stimulation in control group. Similarly, the 5-HT uptake rates of GDM-trophoblast and the SERT expression on their surface were severalfold lower compared with control subjects. IR is expressed in all tissues, but it is not known if diabetes affects IR in all tissues equally. Here, for the first time, our findings with clinical samples show that in GDM-associated defect on IR is tissue type-dependent. While IR is impaired in GDM-placenta, it is unaffected in GDM-platelet. Copyright © 2016 by The American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc.
Sex-dependent influence of maternal predictors on fetal anthropometry in pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Third trimester fetal anthropometric parameters are known to predict neonatal complications. A better understanding of predictors of adverse fetal parameters might help to personalize the use and frequency of fetal ultrasound. The objectives of this study were: (a) to evaluate the utility of maternal sociodemographic, anthropometric and metabolic predictors to predict 3rd trimester fetal anthropometric parameters in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), (b) to assess whether the impact of these maternal predictors is fetal sex-dependent, and (c) to provide a risk stratification for markers of fetal overgrowth (fetal weight centile (FWC) and fetal abdominal circumference centile (FACC) depending on prepregnancy BMI and gestational weight gain (GWG) until the 1st GDM visit., METHODS: This prospective study included 189 women with GDM. Maternal predictors were age, ethnicity, prepregnancy BMI, GWG and excessive weight gain until the 1st GDM visit, fasting, 1-hour and 2-hour blood glucose oral glucose tolerance test values, HbA1c at the 1st visit and medical treatment requirement. Fetal outcomes included FWC, FWC >90% and <10%, FACC, FACC >90% and <10%, at 29 0/7 to 35 6/7 weeks of gestational age. We performed univariate and multivariate regression analyses and probability analyses., RESULTS: In multivariate analyses, prepregnancy BMI was associated with FWC, FWC > 90% and FACC. GWG until the 1st GDM visit was associated with FWC, FACC and FACC > 90% (all p <= 0.045). Other maternal parameters were not significantly associated with fetal anthropometry in multivariate analyses (all p >= 0.054). In female fetuses, only GWG was associated with FACC (p= 0.044). However, in male fetuses, prepregnancy BMI was associated with FWC, FWC > 90% and FACC and GWG with FWC in multivariate analyses (all p <= 0.030). In women with a prepregnancy BMI of >= 25 kg/m2 and a GWG until the 1st GDM visit >= 10.3 kg (mean GWG), the risk for FWC > 90% and FACC > 90% was 5.3 and 4 times higher than in their counterparts., CONCLUSIONS: A personalized fetal ultrasound surveillance guided by fetal sex, prepregnancy BMI and GWG may be beneficial in reducing adverse fetal and neonatal outcomes. Copyright © 2022. The Author(s).
[Breast-feeding in reducing regular insulin requirement in postpartum for insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus].; From Jan. 1987-Jun. 1993, 37 cases of insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) pregnant women and 10 gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers requiring regular insulin (RI) treatment during pregnancy were recruited. A comparative study of the daily RI requirement was carried out in women breast-feeding (BF) or not (non-BF) at different periods: before pregnancy, during gestation, postpartum and at present. Results showed no difference of RI requirement between BF and non-BF groups before pregnancy, during gestation and currently, but a significant decrease of RI requirement (P < 0.05) among BF mothers in postpartum period. Of the 10 GDM cases, 3 of them who did not breast feed their babies required further RI for 4-7 days in the postpartum period, whereas 7 BF mothers did not need any RI after delivery with blood glucose levels remaining within normal range. Based on the above analysis one may conclude that BF can reduce the RI requirement of IDDM and GDM mothers in the postpartum period. It is thought that more energy is needed in the process of producing milk, and serum glucose is the main substance for lactose synthesis, thus blood glucose level of BF mother is decreased, and so is the RI requirement. Therefore, mothers with diabetes mellitus are encouraged to breast feed their babies.
Adenosine kinase and cardiovascular fetal programming in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a detrimental condition for human pregnancy associated with endothelial dysfunction and endothelial inflammation in the fetoplacental vasculature and leads to increased cardio-metabolic risk in the offspring. In the fetoplacental vasculature, GDM is associated with altered adenosine metabolism. Adenosine is an important vasoactive molecule and is an intermediary and final product of transmethylation reactions in the cell. Adenosine kinase is the major regulator of adenosine levels. Disruption of this enzyme is associated with alterations in methylation-dependent gene expression regulation mechanisms, which are associated with the fetal programming phenomenon. Here we propose that cellular and molecular alterations associated with GDM can dysregulate adenosine kinase leading to fetal programming in the fetoplacental vasculature. This can contribute to the cardio-metabolic long-term consequences observed in offspring after exposure to GDM. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Impaired endothelium-dependent vasodilatation in women with previous gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether otherwise healthy women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may have abnormalities in endothelial function at a very early stage, before glucose intolerance occurs., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 33 women with previous GDM (17 nonobese [BMI < 27] and 16 obese [BMI > or = 27]) and 19 healthy nonobese women were examined. A 75-g oral glucose tolerance test was performed, and insulin levels and biochemical parameters were also measured. Using high-resolution ultrasound, we measured vasodilatory responses of the brachial artery during reactive hyperemia (endothelium-dependent vasodilatation), and after nitroglycerin administration, an endothelium-independent vasodilator., RESULTS: Flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) was significantly and equally decreased in both groups of women with previous GDM, compared with control subjects (1.6 +/- 3.7% in the nonobese GDM group and 1.6 +/- 2.5% in the obese GDM group vs. 10.3 +/- 4.4% in control subjects, P < 0.001). FMD correlated inversely with serum uric acid levels, BMI, serum total cholesterol, and basal insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment). Nitrate-induced dilatation was significantly decreased only in the obese GDM group compared with control subjects, (21.4 +/- 5.1 vs. 27.9 +/- 9.5, P < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: Endothelial dysfunction, which is considered as a very early index of atherogenesis, is already present in both obese and nonobese women with a history of GDM, even when they have normal glucose tolerance.
Small-for-gestational age placentas associate with an increased risk of adverse outcomes in pregnancies complicated by either type I or type II pre-gestational diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: One-fifth of pregnancies with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (pre-DM) yield placentas <10th percentile small for gestational age (SGA), compared to a non-diabetic population. We hypothesized that SGA placentas of women with pre-DM, whether type I (T1DM) or type II (T2DM), exhibit distinct histopathological changes and pregnancy outcomes compared to pre-DM pregnancies with an AGA placenta., METHODS: We conducted a retrospective, cohort study of placentas from pregnant women enrolled in the Diabetes in Pregnancy Program at Brown University between 2003 and 2011, by comparing pre-DM patients with SGA placentas to pre-DM patients with AGA placental weights., RESULTS: The SGA placenta groups were associated with an increased risk for adverse clinical outcomes, compared to AGA placentas in pregnancies complicated by either T1DM or T2DM. Compared to their AGA pre-DM counterparts, T1DM, SGA placentas show increased peri-villous fibrin/fibrinoid deposition, thrombosis in fetal blood vessels, and meconium staining. Moreover, the histopathology of SGA placentas from T2DM is characterized by decidual vasculopathy, accelerated villous maturity, and erythroblastosis, compared to T2DM AGA placentas. The contrasting placental pathologies between the two pre-DM SGA phenotypes evolved independent of patient demographics and were unrelated to indicators of the glycemic control present at early gestational ages., DISCUSSION: A sub-population of pre-DM women with either T1DM or T2DM diabetes that have an SGA placenta are at increased risk for adverse clinical outcomes in pregnancy, compared to pre-DM women with AGA placental weights.
Susceptible and protective human leukocyte antigen class II alleles and haplotypes in bahraini type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus patients.; Whereas the genetic risk for type 1 diabetes is linked to human leukocyte antigen (HLA) class II genes, the HLA association in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes is less clear. The association between HLA class II genotypes and type 2 diabetes was examined in adult Bahrainis, an Arab population with a high prevalence of type 2 diabetes. HLA-DRB1* and -DQB1* genotyping of 86 unrelated type 2 diabetes patients (age, 51.6+/-8.2 years; mean duration of diabetes, 7.7+/-7.1 years) who had a strong family history of diabetes (52 of 72 versus 0 of 89 for controls, P<0.001) and 89 healthy subjects was done by PCR-sequence-specific priming. DRB1*040101 (0.1221 versus 0.0562, P=0.019) and DRB1*070101 (0.2151 versus 0.0843, P<0.001) were positively associated, while DRB1*110101 (0.0698 versus 0.1461, P=0.014) and DRB1*160101 (0.0640 versus 0.1236, P=0.038) were negatively associated with type 2 diabetes. DRB1*040101-DQB1*0302 (0.069 versus 0.0007; P=0.004), DRB1*070101-DQB1*0201 (0.178 versus 0.0761, P=0.007), DRB1*070101-DQB1*050101 (0.125 versus 0.0310, P=0.002), and DRB1*150101-DQB1*060101 (0.0756 versus 0.0281, P=0.008) were more prevalent among patients, while DRB1*160101-DQB1*050101 (0.0702 versus 0.0349, P=0.05) was more prevalent among controls, conferring disease susceptibility or protection, respectively. In Bahrainis with type 2 diabetes, there is a significant association with select HLA class II genotypes, which were distinct from those in type 1 diabetes.
Dietary effects on very low-density lipoproteins in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; To evaluate possible influences of dietary intervention on the composition of very low-density lipoproteins (VLDL), ten subjects with Type 2 (non-insulin dependent) diabetes mellitus received a hypocaloric regimen. Fifteen healthy subjects served as controls. Ultracentrifuged VLDL were analysed as cholesterol, triglycerides, apolipoprotein B (apo B), and the soluble apolipoproteins C and E (polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis in urea and densitometry) before the study, after 2 weeks and then after 3 months. Compared with the control subjects, the content of cholesterol and apo E in the VLDL was elevated in the diabetic subjects, while the area ratio of apo C-II to apo C-III1 was lowered. After diet the reduction in VLDL was accompanied by compositional changes: a decrease of the cholesterol/triglyceride ratio and of the apo E/apo C area ratio. The apo C-II/apo C-III1 area ratio remained unaffected. We conclude that one beneficial effect of therapeutic intervention in diabetes may lie in lowering the level of possibly atherogenic VLDL-components.
Effect of a reduction in uric acid on renal outcomes during losartan treatment: a post hoc analysis of the reduction of endpoints in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with the Angiotensin II Antagonist Losartan Trial.; Emerging data show that increased serum uric acid (SUA) concentration is an independent risk factor for end-stage renal disease. Treatment with the antihypertensive drug losartan lowers SUA. Whether reductions in SUA during losartan therapy are associated with renoprotection is unclear. We therefore tested this hypothesis. In a post hoc analysis of 1342 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and nephropathy participating in the Reduction of Endpoints in Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus With the Angiotensin II Antagonist Losartan Trial, we determined the relationship between month 6 change in SUA and renal endpoints, defined as a doubling of serum creatinine or end-stage renal disease. Baseline SUA was 6.7 mg/dL in placebo and losartan-treated subjects. During the first 6 months, losartan lowered SUA by -0.16 mg/dL (95% CI: -0.30 to -0.01; P=0.031) as compared with placebo. The risk of renal events was decreased by 6% (95% CI: 10% to 3%) per 0.5-mg/dL decrement in SUA during the first 6 months. This effect was independent of other risk markers, including estimate glomerular filtration rate and albuminuria. Adjustment of the overall treatment effects for SUA attenuated losartan's renoprotective effect from 22% (95% CI: 6% to 35%) to 17% (95% CI: 1% to 31%), suggesting that approximately one fifth of losartan's renoprotective effect could be attributed to its effect on SUA. Losartan lowers SUA levels compared with placebo treatment in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and nephropathy. The degree of reduction in SUA is subsequently associated with the degree in long-term renal risk reduction and explains part of losartan's renoprotective effect. These findings support the view that SUA may be a modifiable risk factor for renal disease.
Human leukocyte antigen class II susceptibility conferring alleles among non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus patients.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the frequency of Human Leukocyte Antigen (HLA) class II susceptibility conferring alleles among type 2 Diabetes mellitus patients, in comparison with healthy controls., STUDY DESIGN: Cross-sectional comparative study., PLACE AND DURATION OF STUDY: Department of Immunology, Armed Forces Institute of Pathology, Rawalpindi, from January 2009 to April 2010., METHODOLOGY: Patients with non-insulin dependent Diabetes mellitus meeting World Health Organization criteria were studied. These were compared with age and gender matched healthy control subjects. For each subject (patients as well as controls), DNA was extracted from ethylene diamine tetra-acetate sample and HLA class II DRB1 typing was carried out at allele group level (DRB1*01-DRB1*16) by sequence specific primers. Human leukocyte antigen DRB1 type was determined by agarose gel electrophoresis and results were recorded. Frequencies were determined as number of an allele divided by total number of alleles per group; p-value was computed using Pearson's chi-square test., RESULTS: Among the 100 patients, there were 63 males and 37 females with 68 controls. A total of 13 different HLA DRB1 alleles were detected, with DRB1*15 being the commonest in both the groups. The allele DRB1*13 had statistically significant higher frequency in patient group as compared to controls (p = 0.005)., CONCLUSION: HLA DRB1*13 was found with a significantly increased frequency in non-insulin dependent Diabetes mellitus.
A genetic analysis of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in Punjabi Sikhs and British Caucasoid patients.; A genetic analysis of diabetic and non-diabetic Punjabi Sikhs (n = 164) was made for markers of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus using insulin receptor, insulin, and HLA-D alpha chain gene probes. Additionally British Caucasoids (n = 163) were studied using the insulin receptor probe. Insulin receptor gene restriction fragment length polymorphisms were defined using Southern blot techniques and the restriction enzyme Bgl II and BAm Hl. In Punjabi Sikhs and British Caucasoids neither of the restriction fragment length polymorphisms distinguished non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus subjects from controls. In the Sikhs no association with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus was seen with the hypervariable region of the insulin gene or with HLA-DR/DQ/DX alpha chain restriction fragment length polymorphisms. We therefore conclude that despite the high prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Asians we were unable to find any genetic markers for this disease using the available cloned gene probes.
Non-linkage of the islet amyloid polypeptide gene with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes is associated with the deposition of islet amyloid. The major formative peptide, islet amyloid polypeptide, has recently been characterised and an abnormality of the structure or expression of this gene is a possible candidate for the inherited component of Type 2 diabetes. A restriction fragment length polymorphism of the gene has been identified with Pvu II. To study the relationship between the islet amyloid polypeptide gene and Type 2 diabetes, two distinct genetic approaches have been undertaken. Firstly, non-linkage has been demonstrated in four pedigrees, with four normoglycaemic first degree relatives having an allele associated with diabetes in other family members, and one affected relative not having the putatively associated allele. The LOD score taking age-related penetrance into account was -1.68, making linkage unlikely (p = 0.02). Secondly, in a population-based restriction fragment length polymorphism survey, no linkage disequilibrium of the alleles was found between a population of unrelated Caucasian subjects with Type 2 diabetes and a normal population. A mutation in or near the islet amyloid polypeptide gene is thus unlikely to be a common cause of Type 2 diabetes.
Lipids, lipoproteins and apolipoproteins in type 1 (insulin-dependent) and type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Total plasma cholesterol, triglycerides, VLDL-C, VLDL-TG, HDL-C and the apoproteins A-I, A-II, B and D were measured in 111 male non-obese diabetic patients and in 90 male control subjects of similar age and body weight distribution. Forty-eight patients had Type 1 (insulin-dependent diabetes) and 63 had Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent diabetes); all were in stable metabolic control while following an appropriate diet and therapy with insulin or oral hypoglycemic agents. HDL-C, apoA-I, apoB and the apoA-I/apoA-II ratio were significantly increased in the Type 1 patients, whereas the VLDL-C/VLDL-TG and LDL-C/apoB ratios were decreased significantly. Type 2 diabetics showed low HDL-C and low apoA-I/apoA-II ratio, while the values of apoA-I, A-II, D and the VLDL-C/VLDL-TG ratio were significantly higher than in controls. Type 1 diabetics in 'fair' metabolic control presented higher values of TG, VLDL-C, VLDL-TG and apoB than patients in 'good' control: lower values of apoA-I and of the ratios apoA-I/apoA-II, apoA-I/apoB and LDL-C/apoB were recorded in the same subgroup. In Type 2 diabetics no significant differences were observed according to metabolic control, with the exception of a higher apo-D value in subjects in 'fair' control. The data obtained support the view that good metabolic control may be important for the prevention of a relevant derangement of lipoprotein components, particularly in Type 1 patients.
Influence of endogenous hyperinsulinism on high density lipoprotein2 level in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance.; We determined the insulin response to an oral glucose ingestion and levels of serum lipoproteins in 25 untreated patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, in 26 subjects with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and in 35 non-diabetic control subjects. The three groups had similar compositions with respect to age and sex distribution. The levels of VLDL triglyceride in the subjects with type 2 diabetes or IGT were higher than those in controls. Serum HDL- and HDL2 cholesterol were significantly decreased in type 2 diabetics, and the subjects with IGT showed a similar tendency. Serum apolipoprotein A-II levels were lower in the male subjects with type 2 diabetes or IGT than in controls. Insulin response, i.e., sum of immunoreactive insulin (IRI) levels at basal, 30, 60, 90 and 120 min after a 75-g oral glucose load, negatively correlated to HDL- and HDL2 cholesterol levels (r = -0.396, P less than 0.05; r = -0.482, P less than 0.001, respectively), and positively correlated to VLDL triglyceride values (r = 0.485, P less than 0.001) in the male subjects with type 2 diabetes or IGT. In the female subjects, fasting plasma IRI values significantly correlated to HDL cholesterol (r = -0.496, P less than 0.05). There was a significant negative correlation between the concentrations of HDL2 cholesterol and VLDL triglyceride. These data show that lipoprotein metabolism, not only in type 2 diabetics, but also in IGT tends to show changes such as decreased HDL2 cholesterol and increased VLDL triglyceride levels, and which might be related to the hypersecretion of endogenous insulin.
Apolipoprotein C in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients with hypertriglyceridaemia.; The composition of apolipoprotein C of the very low density lipoproteins (VLDL) was examined in 23 treated Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients, who had elevated VLDL concentrations. Apolipoprotein C was separated by isoelectric focussing into apolipoprotein C-II which is known as the specific activator of lipoprotein lipase, and three apolipoprotein C-III fragments. A regulatory role has been ascribed to the ratio of apolipoprotein C-II to apolipoprotein C-III in the removal of plasma triglycerides. In our diabetic group, the composition of apolipoprotein C of the VLDL particles was not different from that of a healthy control group. In particular, the above apolipoprotein ratio and the relative amounts of apolipoprotein C-III fragments were normal. Hypertriglyceridaemia in these diabetic subjects does not seem to be related to alterations in the apolipoprotein C composition.
A genetic study of retinopathy in south Indian type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients.; Genetic marker studies in diabetic retinopathy are controversial and frequently complicated by possible independent associations of Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus with the markers so far analysed. We have looked for associations of candidate genes with retinopathy in South Indian Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients; patients were subdivided into those with exudative maculopathy (n = 53), proliferative retinopathy (n = 40) and patients free from diabetic retinopathy with a minimum disease duration of 15 years (n = 45). DNA was extracted from blood samples and studied by Southern blot hybridisation techniques and the following probe enzyme combinations: HLA-DQB1; Taq 1, HLA-DQA1; Taq 1, HLA-DRA; Bgl II, insulin gene hypervariable region; Pvu II and the switch region of the immunoglobulin IgM heavy chain gene (S mu); Sac I. Differences in genotype distributions between the study groups were only detected with the S mu probe which detects polymorphism of both S mu and S alpha 1 (the switch region of IgA). Two alleles of S alpha 1 were detected sized 7.4 kilobase and 6.9 kilobase. The frequency of 6.9 kilobase homozygotes was lower in proliferative retinopathy (19%) compared to patients free from diabetic retinopathy (54%, p = 0.005) and exudative maculopathy (46%, p = 0.03). This data suggests that there is a genetic predisposition to proliferative retinopathy in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes of South Indian origin and that this is determined by polymorphism of the heavy chain immunoglobulin genes located on chromosome 14.
Losartan and other angiotensin II antagonists for nephropathy in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a review of the clinical trial evidence.; BACKGROUND: End-stage renal disease (ESRD) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) is associated with a bleak prognosis. The life span of patients with DM who have undergone renal transplantation or who are undergoing dialysis is up to 30% shorter than that of individuals in the general population. Preventing or delaying the progression of renal disease from microalbuminuria to nephropathy, and ultimately, to ESRD is thus a crucial goal of DM management., OBJECTIVE: This article reviews the growing worldwide problem of type 2 DM and ESRD, the renoprotective benefits of angiotensin II (AII) antagonists (AIIAs) such as losartan in patients with or without type 1 or 2 DM, potential mechanisms of renoprotection of AIIAs beyond blood pressure (BP) control, and the clinical-practice implications of available megatrials., METHODS: Articles included in this review were identified using a MEDLINE search for English-language studies published between 1990 and 2003 and included the search terms diabetic nephropathy, type 2 diabetes mellitus, microalbuminuria, proteinuria, angiotensin II antagonists, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, and cardiovascular disease. Articles describing major clinical trials, new data, or new mechanisms pertinent to the management of type 2 DM were selected for review., RESULTS: Currently, AIIAs such as losartan represent the only evidence-based treatment strategy for patients with type 2 DM and proteinuria. The Irbesartan in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes and Microalbuminuria (IRMA-2) study, the Reduction of End Points in Non-Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus with the Angiotensin II Antagonist Losartan (RENAAL) study, and the Irbesartan Type 2 Diabetic Nephropathy Trial (IDNT) indicate that AIIAs postpone the progression of type 2 diabetic renal disease at all stages, ranging from microproteinuria to overt nephropathy and ESRD, RENAAL showed that losartan improves renal outcomes in patients with type 2 DM and nephropathy over and above that attributable to BP control alone. The renoprotective effect of losartan corresponded to an average delay of 2 years in the need for dialysis or kidney transplantation., CONCLUSIONS: AIIAs such as losartan should perhaps be considered mandatory therapy in patients with diabetic nephropathy and should complement existing management strategies, such as reduced dietary protein intake, strict blood glucose control, and standard antihypertensive therapy. Collectively, these measures should improve survival and quality of life and reduce the health care burden of managing patients with diabetic nephropathy.
Aberrant expression of class II major histocompatibility complex molecules by B cells and hyperexpression of class I major histocompatibility complex molecules by insulin containing islets in type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Twenty-three patients with recent onset Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes in whom residual insulin secreting B cells were present and 12 patients with disease of more prolonged duration (maximum 9 years), 8 of whom had residual B cells, were studied. Aberrant expression of Class II major histocompatibility complex molecules was demonstrated immunohistochemically on insulin secreting B cells in 21 out of 23 patients with recent onset disease and 6 of the patients with more prolonged disease. No such expression was seen on glucagon secreting A cells or somatostatin secreting D cells. Islets where there was marked hyperexpression of Class I major histocompatibility complex molecules on islet endocrine cells were seen in all cases in which residual B cells were present. Ninety-two per cent of insulin containing islets but only 1% of insulin deficient islets exhibited this phenomenon (p less than 0.001, Chi-squared test). There was evidence to suggest that both these abnormalities of major histocompatibility complex expression preceded insulitis within a given islet. They also appeared to be unique to Type 1 diabetes, being absent in pancreases of patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes, chronic pancreatitis, cystic fibrosis, graft-versus-host disease and Coxsackie B viral pancreatitis. The development of autoimmunity to B cells in Type 1 diabetes may be a "multistep" process in which abnormalities of major histocompatibility complex expression on islet endocrine cells are crucial events.
Relative incidence of ESRD versus cardiovascular mortality in proteinuric type 2 diabetes and nephropathy: results from the DIAMETRIC (Diabetes Mellitus Treatment for Renal Insufficiency Consortium) database.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies have shown that patients with chronic kidney disease, including those with diabetic nephropathy, are more likely to die of cardiovascular disease than reach end-stage renal disease (ESRD). This analysis was conducted to determine whether ESRD is a more common outcome than cardiovascular death in patients with type 2 diabetic nephropathy, significant proteinuria, and decreased kidney function who were selected for participation in a clinical trial., STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective analysis of the DIAMETRIC (Diabetes Mellitus Treatment for Renal Insufficiency Consortium) database derived from 2 prospective randomized controlled clinical trials (IDNT [Irbesartan Diabetic Nephropathy Trial] and RENAAL [Reduction of Endpoints in Non-Insulin-dependent Diabetes With the Angiotensin II Antagonist Losartan])., SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: 3,228 adult patients with type 2 diabetic nephropathy from IDNT and RENAAL were combined to establish the DIAMETRIC database. This is the largest global source of clinical information for patients with type 2 diabetic nephropathy who have decreased kidney function and significant proteinuria., INTERVENTION: Angiotensin receptor blocker versus non-angiotensin receptor blocker therapy to slow the progression of type 2 diabetic nephropathy (in the prospective trials)., OUTCOMES & MEASUREMENTS: Incidence rates of ESRD, cardiovascular death, and all-cause mortality., RESULTS: Mean follow-up was 2.8 years; 19.5% of patients developed ESRD, approximately 2.5 times the incidence of cardiovascular death and 1.5 times the incidence of all-cause mortality. ESRD was more common than cardiovascular death in all subgroups analyzed with the exception of participants with low levels of albuminuria (albumin excretion <1.0 g/g) and well-preserved levels of kidney function (estimated glomerular filtration rate >45 mL/min/1.73 m(2)) at baseline., LIMITATIONS: All participants were included in a prospective clinical trial., CONCLUSIONS: Patients with type 2 diabetic nephropathy, characterized by decreased kidney function and significant proteinuria, are more likely to reach ESRD than die during 3 years' mean follow-up. Given the rapidly increasing number of cases of type 2 diabetes worldwide, this has implications for predicting future renal replacement therapy requirements. Copyright © 2011 National Kidney Foundation, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of Losartan-based therapy on the incidence of end-stage renal disease and associated costs in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A retrospective cost-effectiveness analysis in the United Kingdom.; BACKGROUND: In the Reduction of Endpoints in Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus with the Angiotensin II Antagonist Losartan (RENAAL) study, the primary composite end point was the 2-fold increase in baseline serum creatinine concentration, the development of end-stage renal disease (ESRD), or death. The effects of losartan used for the prevention or delay of progression of diabetic nephropathy to ESRD were compared with those of conventional anti-hypertensive treatment (control) (calcium channel blockers, diuretics, alpha-blockers, beta-blockers, and centrally acting agents), but not angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors or angiotensin II antagonists (AIIAs), in 1513 adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM-2) and nephropathy. Both treatment groups received conventional antihypertensive therapy (calcium channel blockers, diuretics, alpha-blockers, beta-blockers, and/or centrally acting agents). ACE inhibitors and AIIAs were not allowed during the study period. The relative risk (RR) for composite outcome was 25% less, and the RR for ESRD was 28% less, in the losartantreated group compared with the control group., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this retrospective cost-effectiveness analysis was to use data from the RENAAL study to determine the survival benefits and lifetime direct medical costs of a losartan-based regimen for the prevention of ESRD in patients with DM-2 and nephropathy in the setting of the UK National Health Service (NHS)., METHODS: This analysis used life-years saved as the effectiveness measure. The effect of losartan-based treatment on ESRD risk was confined to the trial period (3.5 years). However, survival and the lifetime direct medical costs of managing ESRD were projected beyond the trial period to incorporate the full effects of ESRD on survival and resource use. The effect of altering key variables was examined using 1-way sensitivity analyses., RESULTS: ESRD-related costs were significantly lower in patients receiving losartan-based treatment compared with those in the control group (savings per patient, 7390 [95% CI, 11,366-3414; P< 0.001] [1 = US -$1.75]). Incorporation of the cost of losartan into the assessment found reduced net costs (savings per patient, 6622 [95% CI, 10,591-2653; P= 0.001]). The projected mean number of life years saved due to ESRD risk reduction with losartan was 0.44 years (95% CI, 0.16-0.71; P = 0.002). Losartan treatment was found to save costs in all cases, even if the cost of renal replacement therapy for patients with ESRD was reduced by 50%., CONCLUSION: In this retrospective cost-effectiveness analysis using data from the RENAAL study, losartan-based treatment for the prevention or delay of progression of diabetic nephropathy to ESRD in patients with DM-2 and nephropathy was found to be potentially cost saving compared with conventional anti-hypertensive therapy from the perspective of the UK NHS.
Possible relevance of lipid peroxidation and thromboxane production to the initiation and/or evolution of microangiopathy in non-hyperlipidemic type 2 diabetes mellitus.; To investigate the possible relevance of free radicals and prostanoids to the mode of initiation and/or evolution of microangiopathy in diabetes mellitus, we measured serum lipid peroxides (LPO), an accepted index of intravascular free radicals, and plasma 11-dehydrothromboxane B2 (11-dehydro-TXB2), a stable metabolite of vasoactive thromboxane A2 released from platelets, in 95 patients with normolipidemic type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus at different stages of the disease. In general, either LPO or 11-dehydro-TXB2 was significantly greater in the patients, as a group, than in the matched controls (3.82 vs. 2.65 nmol/ml, P < 0.01 for LPO; and 17.3 vs. 5.8 pg/ml, P < 0.01 for 11-dehydro-TXB2). In patients, both LPO and 11-dehydro-TXB2 increased according to the severity of their diabetic retinopathy. A highly significant positive correlation existed between the LPO values and 11-dehydro-TXB2 in the patients (r = 0.64, P < 0.0001), while there was no such relationship in the controls (r = 0.18, P = NS). No difference in serum levels of apolipoproteins A-I, A-II, B, C-II, C-III, or E was observed between the patients and controls. Short-term glycemic control (25 cal/kg of standardized body weight/day, for 8 weeks) resulted in a small but significant reduction in LPO (4.2 vs. 4.6 nmol/ml, control; P < 0.05) without alteration in 11-dehydro-TXB2. There was a tendency towards deterioration in LPO according to the improvement in glycemic control. These results appear consistent with the view that, in addition to LPO, the release of TXA2 from activated platelet in the human circulation could be an important factor for the initiation and/or evolution of microangiopathy in diabetic patients even when they are not apparently hyperlipidemic. Further, the results of the present study emphasize the notion that more tight control of serum lipids is worthy of serious consideration in preventing the advance of diabetic microangiopathy.
Effect of intensive glycemic control on fibrinogen, lipids, and lipoproteins: Veterans Affairs Cooperative Study in Type II Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The Veterans Affairs Cooperative Study in Type II Diabetes Mellitus prospectively studied insulin-treated patients with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, achieving 2.1% glycosylated hemoglobin separation between intensive- and standard-treatment arms (P<.001) for 2 years., OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of intensive therapy on serum fibrinogen and lipid levels, compared with standard treatment., METHODS: One hundred fifty-three male subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus and who required insulin treatment were recruited from 5 Veterans Affairs medical centers. The subjects were divided into intensive- and standard-treatment arms for a randomized prospective study. Dyslipidemia was managed identically in both arms (diet, drugs). Fibrinogen levels and lipid fractions were measured in the full cohort. Lipid fractions are separately reported in patients not treated with hypolipidemic agents., RESULTS: There were no baseline differences between arms. Fibrinogen levels rose in the intensive-treatment arm at 1 year (from 3.34+/-0.12 to 3.75+/-0.15 g/L; P<.001) but returned to baseline at 2 years (3.47+/-0.12 g/L). There was no change in the standard-treatment arm. Triglyceride levels decreased in the intensive-treatment arm from 2.25+/-0.27 to 1.54+/-0.14 mmol/L (199+/-24 to 136+/-12 mg/ dL) at 1 year (P = .004) and to 1.74+/-0.18 mmol/L (154+/-16 mg/dL) at 2 years (P = .03); there was no change in the standard-treatment arm. Cholesterol levels decreased in the intensive-treatment arm at 1 year from 5.4+/-0.21 to 4.99+/-0.13 mmol/L (207+/-8 to 193+/-5 mg/dL) (P = .02); there was no change in the standard-treatment arm. Levels of low- and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol decreased in the standard-treatment arm only by 2 years, from 3.44+/-0.13 to 3.16+/-0.10 mmol/L (133+/-5 to 122+/-4 mg/ dL) (P =.02) and from 1.10+/-0.03 to 1.00+/-0.03 mmol/L (42+/-1 to 38+/-1 mg/dL) (P<.001) for low-density and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, respectively. Levels of apolipoprotein B decreased in both treatment arms (P<.001), and apolipoprotein A1 levels decreased in the standard-treatment arm (P<.01). Lipoprotein (a) levels did not change in either treatment arm. Lipid results were essentially identical whether examined in the full cohort or excluding those patients receiving hypolipidemic agents., CONCLUSIONS: Intensive insulin therapy led to a potentially beneficial reduction in serum triglyceride levels and preservation of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein A1 levels. However, it caused transient elevation in plasma fibrinogen levels, a possible thrombogenic effect.
Pharmacoeconomics of angiotensin II antagonists in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy: implications for decision making.; Angiotensin II receptor antagonists (angiotensin II receptor blockers; ARBs) are a class of antihypertensive drugs that are generally considered comparable to ACE inhibitors in the prevention of heart and kidney failure. However, these two classes of agents do interfere in different stages of the renin-angiotensin system. In patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, advantages for ARBs over conventional (non-ACE inhibitor) therapy on progression from micro- to macroalbuminuria and overt nephropathy and end-stage renal disease have been shown in clinical trials. In patients with type 2 diabetes and end-stage renal disease, the need for dialysis and/or transplantation results in the use of major healthcare resources. This paper reviews the available economic evidence on treatment with ARBs in type 2 diabetic patients with advanced renal disease.Within-trial analytic and Markov model economic evaluations of the RENAAL (Reduction of Endpoint in Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus with Angiotensin II Antagonist Losartan), IDNT (Irbesartan Diabetic Nephropathy Trial) and IRMA (IRbesartan in type 2 diabetes with MicroAlbuminuria)-2 studies suggest that treatment with ARBs in patients with type 2 diabetes with overt or incipient nephropathy confers health gains and net cost savings compared with conventional (non-ACE inhibitor) therapy. For reimbursement and reference pricing decisions, there is a need for a head-to-head comparison of an ACE inhibitor with ARBs to model all possible costs and effects of ACE inhibitors and ARBs. This will result in a proper pharmacoeconomic outcome, where both types of drugs can be compared for healthcare decisions.
Inhibition of the formation or action of angiotensin II reverses attenuated K+ currents in type 1 and type 2 diabetes.; 1. Transient and sustained calcium-independent outward K(+) currents (I(t) and I(SS)) as well as action potentials were recorded in cardiac ventricular myocytes isolated from two models of diabetes mellitus. 2. Rats injected (I.V.) with streptozotocin (STZ, 100 mg kg(-1)) 6-10 days before cell isolation developed insulin-dependent (type 1) diabetes. I(t) and I(SS) were attenuated and the action potential prolonged. Incubation of myocytes (6-9 h) with the angiotensin II (ATII) receptor blockers saralasin or valsartan (1 microM) significantly augmented these currents. Inclusion of valsartan (1 g l(-1)) in the drinking water for 5-10 days prior to and following STZ injection partially prevented current attenuation. 3. Incubation of myocytes from STZ-treated rats (6-9 h) with 1 microM quinapril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, significantly augmented I(t) and I(SS) and shortened the ventricular action potential. I(t) augmentation was not due to changes in steady-state inactivation or in recovery from inactivation. No acute effects of quinapril were observed. 4. The effects of quinapril and valsartan were abolished by 2 microM cycloheximide. 5. Myocytes were isolated from the db/db mouse, a leptin receptor mutant that develops symptoms of non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes. K+ currents in these cells were also attenuated, and the action potentials prolonged. Incubation of these cells (> 6 h) with valsartan (1 microM) significantly enhanced the transient and sustained outward currents. 6. These results confirm recent suggestions that cardiac myocytes contain a renin-angiotensin system, which is activated in diabetes. It is proposed that chronic release of ATII leads to changes in ionic currents and action potentials, which can be reversed by blocking the formation or action of ATII. This may underlie the proven benefits of ATII receptor blockade or ACE inhibition in diabetes, by providing protection against cardiac arrhythmias.
A population association study of four candidate genes (hexokinase II, glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor, fatty acid binding protein-2, and apolipoprotein C-II) with type 2 diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance in Japanese subjects.; In order to define the major genetic factor(s) for the development of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in Japanese subjects, a population association study of candidate genes involved in either glucose or lipid metabolism was carried out using microsatellite DNA polymorphisms. Each polymorphic locus near the four candidate genes, hexokinase II (HKII), glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor (GLP1R), fatty acid binding protein-2 (FABP-2), and apolipoprotein C-II (apoC-II) genes, were amplified by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) using 32P-labelled primers and each subject was genotyped for the association study. The HKII, GLP1R, FABP-2, and apoC-II polymorphisms exhibited 18, 10, 7, and 10 alleles, respectively. While polymorphism information contents (PICs) of these polymorphisms were relatively high, allele frequencies in these polymorphisms did not differ among subjects with Type 2 diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and non-diabetic controls. These results suggest that the HKII, GLP1R, FABP-2, and apoC-II genes are not the major inherited factors for the development of Type 2 diabetes or IGT in Japanese subjects, although minor contribution cannot be ruled out.
[A 50-year history of new drugs in Japan-the development and progress of anti-diabetic drugs and the epidemiological aspects of diabetes mellitus].; The development and progress of antidiabetic drugs (e.g., insulin preparations and hypoglycemic drugs) are retrospectively investigated in Japan. Their influences on the treatment of diabetes mellitus (DM) and its epidemiological aspects are also discussed. 1) Insulin preparations: Insulin was introduced for DM therapy in 1925, two or three years after its discovery in Canada. The preparations were raw extracts of bovine or porcine pancreas. These did not prevail widely in Japan because of the low incidence of DM before World Wan II. After the war, a shortage of mammalian materials compelled the use of fish pancreatic tissues such as bonito and/or tuna for insulin production. Insulin infection, so-called regular insulin, was first promoted in the 6th "Pharmacopoeia Japonica" (JP6) in 1951 and has been maintained to the present edition (JP14, 2001). Although depot-type insulin preparations were developed in the USA and Europe during the war, the introduction of those preparations to Japan was delayed until 1951, when Protamine zinc insulin appeared. Globin zinc insulin and Isophane insulin were introduced for clinical use in 1952 and 1955, respectively. These were also adopted for JP7 (1961). Biphasic-type insulin, which has a rapid onset and long duration of activity, appeared in 1965. Purified preparations from bovine or porcine sources have been available since 1980, which might be a strong reason for the decrease in insulin allergy. Insulin from animal origin has been supplied for almost 60 years since its discovery. Amino acid sequences of insulins from various species of animals were determined by the pioneering studies of Sanger and his associates. Human insulin, which differs from porcine insulin by only one amino acid, was produced by Novo researchers in 1982 using a semi-synthetic method. Then the Lilly group soon succeeded in obtaining human insulin by recombinant DNA technology in the same year. Both products were introduced to Japan in 1985, and the recombinant products prevailed throughout the 1990s. Human insulin analogues (i.e., Insulin lispro and Insulin aspart) appeared in 2001. These are applied for after-meal glycosmia owing to their ultrarapid onset of activity. Self-injection by DM patients was legalized in 1981. To make the infection technique sure and easy, cartridge (pen-type) and disposable kit-type needles were devised in the 1990s. 2) Oral hypoglycemic drugs: Instead of the exclusive parenteral usage of insulins, there was also demand for oral dosage forms. The first of the sulfonyrlurea (SU) group, BZ-55, was used for DM clinically in 1955 in Germany. But it was soon withdrawn because of its antibacterial action. This led to the development of various SU groups. Tolbutamide (1956), chlorpropamide (1959), acetohexamide (1964) and tolazamide (1961) were introduced to Japan as first-generation SUs. Then glyclopyramide (Kyorin, 1965), glybenclamide (1971), gliclazide (1984) and glimepiride (1999) appeared as the second-generation SUs. These were used orally for Type 2 diabetes. Biguanide (BG) group, phenformin HC1 (1959), metformin HC1 (1961) and buformin HC1 (1961) had also been in use by oral treatment of Type 2 diabetes. SU appears to act by increasing the sensitivity of b-cells, which secrete insulin. BG probably exerts by increasing glucose transport across the membranes of target organs. 3) New types of antidiabetic drugs: a-Glucosidase inhibitors (i.e., acarbose: Bayer, 1993; and voglibose: Takeda, 1994) act on hyperglycemia after meals by decreasing glucose absorption. Thiazolidinedione compounds, such as troglitazone (Sankyo, 1995) and pioglitazone HC1 (Takeda, 1994) act by increasing the insulin sensitivity of the target tissues. These are useful for Type 2 DM patients when SUs are ineffective. Nevertheless, troglitazone was discontinued in 2000 due to severe liver damage. Nateglinide (Ajinomoto Co., 1999), which is a D-phenylalanine derivative acting similar to SUs, is useful orally for after-meal hyperglycemia of Type 2 diabetes. Epalrestat (Ono Yakuhin Co., 1992) is effective for diabetic neuropathy by reducing the formation of sorbitol. These anti-DM drugs were recently studied and developed in Japan. 4) The Japan Diabetes Society proposed a guideline on diagnostic criteria and treatment of diabetes mellitus (DM) in 1999 and revised it in 2002. DM is classified as insulin-dependent DM (Type l) and non-insulin dependent DM (Type 2). Type 1, juvenile onset DM, requires insulin therapy to prevent ketosis and to sustain life. Treatment of type 2, adult onset DM, is recommended as a step-by-step method, starting with dietary-exercise therapy, followed by oral hypoglycemic drugs and then insulin therapy. DM patients with complications should have a therapy devised to match their circumstances. 5) Epidemiological aspects: The mortality rate of DM compared to the time of drug appearance was traced from 1920 to 2000. The curve goes down slowly in the time frame of World War II, but rises from 1950 to 1970. The elevation could not be suppressed by the appearance of SUs, BGs or improved insulin preparations. The curve runs flat from 1980 to 1990, which might be related to the use of purified insulin or human insulin therapy. The mortality rate of DM indicates that death by hyperglycemic coma and other deaths resulting from complications are excluded. The survey of the principal cause of death by DM during the period of 1981-1990 indicates that the death rate due to hyperglycemic coma is only 1.7% of the total deaths caused by DM. The effect of drug therapy on all of the death resulting from DM is not detected. Hospital visitation and admission rates of the DM patients have been recorded since 1952 in Japan. This curve is rising continuously, and none of the antidiabetic drugs has been able to suppress it. These data show that the antidiabetic drugs relieve DM symptoms through their effective hypoglycemic actions, but that they cannot suppress the mortality rate of DM. It is possible that none of the drugs currently available can suppress the increasing tendency of DM patients.
Metabolic origin of insulin resistance in obesity with and without type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; A metabolic hypothesis is presented for insulin resistance in obesity, in the presence or absence of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. It is based on physiological mechanisms including a series of negative feed-back mechanisms, with the inhibition of the function of the glycogen cycle in skeletal muscle as a consequence of decreased glucose utilization resulting from increased lipid oxidation in the obese. It considers the inhibition of glycogen synthase activity together with inhibition of glucose storage and impaired glucose tolerance. The prolonged duration of increased lipid oxidation, considered as the initial cause, may lead to Type 2 diabetes. This hypothesis is compatible with others based on the inhibition of insulin receptor kinase and of glucose transporter activities.
The glucose dependent insulinotropic polypeptide response to oral glucose and mixed meals is increased in patients with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Considerable disagreement exists regarding the levels of immunoreactive glucose dependent insulinotropic polypeptide in patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Glucose dependent insulinotropic polypeptide levels were therefore studied during oral glucose and mixed meal tolerance tests in normal subjects (n = 31) and newly presenting previously untreated patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus (n = 68). The tests were performed in random order after overnight fasts and blood samples were taken at 30 min intervals for 4 h. During the oral glucose tolerance test plasma glucose dependent insulinotropic polypeptide levels increased in the normal subjects from a fasting value of 20 +/- 3 pmol/l to a peak of 68 +/- 5 pmol/l at 30 min and in the Type 2 diabetic patients from a similar fasting level of 27 +/- 3 pmol/l to a higher peak value of 104 +/- 6 pmol/l at 30 min (p less than 0.001). Glucose dependent insulinotropic polypeptide levels were significantly higher in the diabetic patients compared with the normal subjects from 30-90 min (p less than 0.01-0.001) following oral glucose. During the meal tolerance test glucose dependent insulinotropic polypeptide levels increased in the normal subjects from a pre-prandial value of 22 +/- 4 pmol/l to a peak of 93 +/- 6 pmol/l at 90 min and in the Type 2 diabetic patients from a similar basal level of 25 +/- 2 pmol/l to a higher peak of 133 +/- 7 pmol/l at 60 min. Glucose dependent insulinotropic polypeptide concentrations were significantly higher in Type 2 diabetic patients compared with the normal subjects at 30 min (p less than 0.001), 60 min (p less than 0.01) and from 210-240 min (p less than 0.05) during the meal tolerance test. The groups were subdivided on the basis of degree of obesity and glucose dependent insulinotropic polypeptide concentrations were still higher in the diabetic subgroups compared with the normal subjects matched for weight. Type 2 diabetes mellitus is associated with an exaggerated glucose dependent insulinotropic polypeptide response to oral glucose and mixed meals which is independent of any effect of obesity.
Relationship between obesity and concordance rate for type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus among twins.; In order to analyse the relationship of genetic factors and the role of obesity in the pathogenesis of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, we compared body mass index (BMI) and other parameters in 71 monozygotic and 17 dizygotic twins (MZT and DZT) with Type 2 diabetes, and analysed the relationship of maximal BMI in the past (max BMI) with the concordance and discordance for diabetes. Data were collected by mail from the members of the Japan Diabetes Society. Concordance rate for diabetes was higher in MZT than in DZT (72% vs. 41%, P = 0.017). Concordance rate in MZT varied in relation to the max BMI of the index twins who developed diabetes earlier. It was higher in non-obese and slightly obese groups (82% and 80% for those with max BMI < 24 and 24-27.9, respectively) than in obese group (36%, max BMI > or = 28) (P = 0.003). In MZT, diabetic twins of discordant pairs were significantly more obese at the survey and in the past than index twins of concordant pairs (mean BMI: 23.9 vs. 21.7, P = 0.007; mean max BMI, 27.7 vs. 24.3, P = 0.001). A similar tendency of differences in BMI was also observed in DZT. Intrapair comparison in discordant MZT and DZT pairs showed that diabetic twins were more obese than non-diabetic cotwins (mean max BMI, 27.7 vs. 24.7, P = 0.004 for MZT; and 27.3 vs. 23.9, P = 0.002 for DZT). In concordant DZT pairs, index twins with earlier onset of diabetes had been less obese than cotwins (mean max BMI, 23.6 vs. 26.0, P = 0.004). In conclusion, the comparison of the max BMI in twins suggests that the degree of diabetogenic role of obesity varies in heterogeneous genetic background. The index twins of discordant pairs had been more obese than those of concordant pairs, suggesting that obesity plays a more important role in those with weaker genetic susceptibility for diabetes.
In vivo insulin action and muscle glycogen synthase activity in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus: effects of diet treatment.; Insulin resistant glucose metabolism is a key element in the pathogenesis of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Insulin resistance may be of both primary (genetic) and secondary (metabolic) origin. Before and after diet-induced improvement of glycaemic control seven obese patients with newly-diagnosed Type 2 diabetes were studied with the euglycaemic clamp technique in combination with indirect calorimetry and forearm glucose balance. Muscle biopsies were obtained in the basal state and again after 3 h of hyperinsulinaemia (200 mU/l) for studies of insulin receptor and glycogen synthase activities. Similar studies were performed in seven matched control subjects. Insulin-stimulated glucose utilization improved from 110 +/- 11 to 183 +/- 23 mg.m-2.min-1 (p less than 0.03); control subjects: 219 +/- 23 mg.m-2.min-1 (p = NS, vs post-diet Type 2 diabetes). Non-oxidative glucose disposal increased from 74 +/- 17 to 138 +/- 19 mg.m-2.min-1 (p less than 0.03), control subjects: 159 +/- 22 mg.m-2.min-1 (p = NS, vs post-diet Type 2 diabetic patients). Forearm blood glucose uptake during hyperinsulinaemia increased from 1.58 +/- 0.54 to 3.35 +/- 0.23 mumol.l-1.min-1 (p less than 0.05), control subjects: 2.99 +/- 0.86 mumol.l-1.min-1 (p = NS, vs post-diet Type 2 diabetes). After diet therapy the increase in insulin sensitivity correlated with reductions in fasting plasma glucose levels (r = 0.97, p less than 0.001), reductions in serum fructosamine (r = 0.77, p less than 0.05), and weight loss (r = 0.78, p less than 0.05). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Insulin receptor gene polymorphisms in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The insulin receptor has been proposed as a candidate gene for the inherited defect in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and we therefore studied three restriction fragment length polymorphic sites, two revealed with the enzyme Sst1 and one by Rsa1, using two insulin receptor cDNA probes in 131 Caucasian Type 2 diabetic patients and 94 control subjects. The frequency of the six alleles studied did not differ significantly between the two groups. However, one allele, a 6.2 kilobase Rsa1 fragment (R+), was found more frequently in those diabetic subjects (n = 48) with a positive family history of diabetes (R + frequency = 0.48) compared to those diabetic subjects (n = 63) with a negative family history (R + frequency = 0.34, p less than 0.05). These results suggest that this polymorphism may be a linkage marker for the genetic defect in a subgroup of Type 2 diabetic patients with a positive family history.
Different aetiologies of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in obese and non-obese subjects.; Insulin responses to intravenous glucose infusion and glucose utilization during hyperinsulinaemic euglycaemic clamp were determined in a large homogeneous group of 65-year-old male subjects. Twenty-eight had untreated Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and the remaining 44 control subjects had a normal glucose tolerance. Diabetic patients with abdominal obesity displayed peripheral insulin resistance in combination with defective insulin secretion, whereas non-obese diabetic patients showed only a secretory defect. Thus, Type 2 diabetes in obese and non-obese elderly male subjects may take two forms where the cause of hyperglycaemia differs.
Reduced glycogen synthase activity in skeletal muscle from obese patients with and without type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; In order to evaluate the importance of a defect in insulin mediated non-oxidative glucose metabolism and glycogen synthase activity in skeletal muscles in obese subjects with and without Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus we studied: 10 lean and 10 obese control subjects and 12 obese diabetic patients using the euglycaemic hyperinsulinaemic clamp technique (basal, 20 mU.(m2)-1.min-1, 80 mU.(m2)-1.min-1) in combination with indirect calorimetry. Muscle biopsies were taken from m. vastus lateralis at each insulin level. We found that non-oxidative glucose metabolism could be stimulated by insulin in all three groups (p less than 0.01). The values obtained at the highest insulin levels (around 140 microU/ml) were lower in both obese groups compared to the lean control subjects (118 +/- 21, 185 +/- 31, 249 +/- 14 mg.(m2)-1.min-1 (p less than 0.01]. Insulin stimulation of the glycogen synthase activity at a glucose-6-phosphate concentration of 0.1 mmol/l was absent in both obese groups, while activities increased significantly in the lean control subjects (19.6 +/- 4.2% to 45.6 +/- 6.8%, p less than 0.01). Glycogen synthase activities at the highest insulin concentrations only differed significantly between lean control subjects and obese diabetic patients (45 +/- 7% and 31 +/- 5%, p less than 0.05). We conclude that insulin resistance in peripheral tissues in obese subjects with and without Type 2 diabetes may be partly explained by a reduced insulin mediated non-oxidative glucose metabolism and that this abnormality might be due to an absent insulin stimulation of glycogen synthase in skeletal muscles. This enzyme defect is correlated to obesity itself.
Disproportionate elevation of immunoreactive proinsulin in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and in experimental insulin resistance.; In this study, we found that the ratio of proinsulin to total immunoreactive insulin was much higher in 22 patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus than in 28 non-diabetic control subjects of similar age and adiposity (32 +/- 3 vs 15 +/- 1%, p less than 0.001). In addition, the arginine-induced acute proinsulin response to total immunoreactive insulin response ratio was greater in diabetic patients (n = 10) than in control subjects (n = 9) (8 +/- 2 vs 2 +/- 0.5%, p = 0.009), suggesting that increased islet secretion per se accounted for the increased ratio of proinsulin to immunoreactive insulin. One explanation for these findings is that increased demand for insulin in the presence of islet dysfunction leads to a greater proportion of proinsulin secreted from the B cell. We tested this hypothesis by comparing proinsulin secretion before and during dexamethasone-induced insulin resistance in diabetic patients and control subjects. Dexamethasone treatment (6 mg/day for 3 days) raised the proinsulin to immunoreactive insulin ratio in control subjects from 13 +/- 2 to 21 +/- 2% (p less than 0.0001) and in diabetic patients from 29 +/- 5 to 52 +/- 7% (p less than 0.001). Dexamethasone also raised the ratio of the acute proinsulin response to the acute immunoreactive insulin response in control subjects from 2 +/- 0.5 to 5 +/- 2% (p = 0.01) and in diabetic patients from 8 +/- 2 to 14 +/- 4% (p = NS), suggesting that the dexamethasone-induced increment in the basal ratio of proinsulin to immunoreactive insulin was also due to increased secretion.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The effects of physical training on insulin secretion and effectiveness and on glucose metabolism in obesity and type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Obese subjects with normal glucose tolerance (n = 55), and, in another study, a group of patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes (n = 33), and controls (n = 13) matched for body weight and age but with normal glucose tolerance, participated in an individualized physical training program for 3 months. Under controlled dietary conditions, metabolic studies were performed before and in steady state after the last exercise session after training in the subjects showing signs of physical training in VO2 max and heart rate measurements. No changes occurred in body weight, body cell mass, body fat or adipose tissue cellularity. Oral glucose tolerance was improved in the patients with diabetes mellitus only. In both diabetic and control subjects initially elevated C-peptide concentrations decreased, while low C-peptide values increased and which was particularly pronounced in diabetic subjects with subnormal values. Peripheral insulin values did not change. Glucose disposal rate measured with the glucose clamp technique was similar in diabetic patients and control subjects. An improvement was seen at both submaximal and maximal insulin levels in both groups, correlating with improvement in glucose tolerance in the diabetic subjects. No changes were found in adipocytes in insulin binding or the antilipolytic effect of insulin at submaximal insulin levels, but there was a normalization of a decreased glucose incorporation into triglycerides. These results indicate that both insulin secretion and effectiveness are altered by physical training in different ways in different clinical entities. They suggest that in insulin resistant conditions with high insulin secretion (as indicated by high C-peptide concentrations) the increased peripheral insulin sensitivity is followed by a decreased insulin secretion. This is not associated with an improvement of glucose tolerance. In Type 2 diabetes with low insulin secretion, an increased insulin secretion results from physical training, perhaps due to accompanying sensitization of the autonomic nervous system. Peripheral insulin concentrations are not altered, suggesting that the extra insulin produced is captured by the liver. This mechanism, as well as the improved peripheral insulin responsiveness seen in the whole body and also seen at the cellular level, probably both contribute to an improvement in glucose tolerance.
Are the binding and degradation of low density lipoprotein altered in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus?.; Studies in vitro have shown that glycosylation of low density lipoprotein (LDL) will decrease its ability to bind to its receptor. We have evaluated the possibility that such an event might occur in vivo in diabetes by comparing the binding and degradation by normal fibroblasts and mouse peritoneal macrophages of LDL obtained from normal control subjects and patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. When compared with control subjects, Type 2 diabetic patients had elevated fasting glucose (increased by 160%), haemoglobin AIc (increased by 75%), triglyceride (increased by 550%), and cholesterol (increased by 48%) levels. LDL from Type 2 diabetic patients displayed populations of particles with more heterogeneous hydrated densities than LDL from control subjects, with enrichment in the triglyceride content of the lighter population. 125I-LDL from normal and Type 2 diabetic subjects bound to fibroblasts with similar binding affinities and binding capacities. The kinetics of degradation of LDL from normal and Type 2 diabetic subjects by fibroblasts were also similar. Furthermore, all populations of LDL particles from Type 2 diabetic patients were bound and degraded by normal fibroblasts in identical fashions. In addition, 125I-LDL from normal and Type 2 diabetic subjects were not bound or degraded by mouse peritoneal macrophages. It is concluded that the LDL of patients with Type 2 diabetes with moderate hyperglycaemia are not modified sufficiently to alter their normal binding and degradation by human fibroblasts or to cause their uptake by mouse peritoneal macrophages.
Defective insulin receptor tyrosine kinase in human skeletal muscle in obesity and type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The tyrosine kinase activity of the insulin receptor was investigated in skeletal muscle biopsies from insulin-resistant males with obesity or with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic males who were lean or overweight. The kinase activity of the receptor from all three groups of insulin-resistant subjects was 40% less when compared to the activity of lean control subjects. This alteration was present in the absence of changes in the level of the insulin receptor on its insulin binding characteristics. We conclude that the tyrosine kinase activity of the skeletal muscle insulin receptor is defective in obesity and Type 2 diabetes, and that this alteration contributes to the insulin-resistant characteristics of both disorders.
The effect of diet on intermediary metabolite concentrations in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The metabolic response to a standard meal was studied in six Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients at diagnosis and following 4-6 weeks of dietary treatment. The fall in blood glucose concentration following treatment was accompanied by significant reductions in circulating concentrations of lactate, pyruvate, alanine and glycerol. Blood 3-hydroxybutyrate concentrations also fell with treatment.
The effect of intensive dietary therapy on serum high density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus: a prospective study.; Intensive dietary therapy in 57 newly diagnosed Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients led to an increase, compared with pre-treatment levels, in serum high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and the HDL/total cholesterol ratio after 3 and 6 months (0.05 less than p less than 0.1). The increase in HDL cholesterol was related to the degree of weight loss achieved. In 28 patients whose weight decreased by greater than or equal to 10% average body weight during the 6 months, HDL cholesterol rose from 1.22 +/- 0.06 to 1.36 +/- 0.06 mmol/l (p less than 0.001), whereas patients who lost less weight showed no significant increase in HDL cholesterol. The increase in mean serum HDL-cholesterol levels in female patients was associated with a mean weight reduction of 12.1% average body weight. Patients who were obese at diagnosis lost more weight during the study than non-obese patients (mean 13.2 versus 5.6% average body weight), and showed a significant increase in serum HDL-cholesterol levels. We conclude that intensive dietary therapy may lead to a less atherogenic lipid profile in Type 2 diabetes, particularly in patients who achieve a major weight reduction.
Glycosylated hemoglobin and its temporal relationship to plasma glucose in non-insulin dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus.; Total glycosylated hemoglobin (HbAI) and random plasma glucose were measured at monthly intervals for 6 mo in 33 non-insulin dependent (type 2) diabetics. The mean HbAI and mean plasma glucose in individual patients over the 6 mo showed a close correlation (p less than 0.001). A significantly higher HbAI (p less than 0.001) for a given plasma glucose was seen in those patients receiving combined chlorpropamide and metformin therapy (n = 14) than in those receiving chlorpropamide alone (n = 19). For each patient correlation coefficients were calculated between plasma glucose and HbAI with time lags of 0.1 and 2 mo. The coefficients with no time lag showed a significant tendency to be positive (p less than 0.01) whereas those with time lags of 1 or 2 mo were not significant. A constant proportional variability of both HbAI and plasma glucose over time was demonstrated, the mean coefficient of variation for HbAI being 8.4 +/- 2.7% and for plasma glucose 22.3 +/- 9.7%. We conclude that HbAI provides an index of plasma glucose control, not during the preceding few months as was previously thought but, during the previous few weeks. In terms of variability from month to month a single HbAI determination was equivalent to approximately the mean of 3 single plasma glucose values.
Hepatic and peripheral insulin resistance: a common feature of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) and type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Hepatic glucose production (3H-glucose technique) and insulin-mediated glucose uptake (insulin clamp technique) were measured in 38 Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) and 11 Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetic patients. Fasting plasma glucose concentration was 8.3 +/- 0.5 mmol/l in the former, and 9.6 +/- 1.3 mmol/l in the latter group; the respective fasting plasma insulin levels were 19 +/- 2 mU/l (p less than 0.005 versus 13 +/- 1 mU/l in 33 age-matched control subjects), and 9 +/- mU/l (p less than 0.01 versus 14 +/- 1 mU/l in 36 younger control subjects). In the fasting state, hepatic glucose production was slightly increased (15%, 0.1 greater than p greater than 0.05) in the Type 2 diabetic patients and markedly elevated (65%, p less than 0.001) in the Type 1 patients compared with their respective control groups. In both groups of diabetic subjects, the rates of hepatic glucose production were inappropriately high for the prevailing plasma glucose and insulin levels, indicating the presence of hepatic resistance to insulin. Basal plasma glucose clearance was also significantly reduced in both the Type 2 (34%) and the Type 1 (14%) diabetic subjects. The fasting plasma glucose concentration correlated directly with hepatic glucose production, and inversely with plasma glucose clearance. During the insulin clamp, plasma insulin was maintained at approximately 100 mU/l in all groups, while plasma glucose was maintained constant at the respective fasting levels. Total glucose uptake was reduced in both the Type 2 (4.57 +/- 0.31 versus 6.39 +/- 0.25 mg . min -1 . kg -1 in the control subjects, p less than 0.01) and the Type 1 (4.77 +/- 0.48 versus 7.03 +/- 0.22 mg . min -1 . kg -1, p less than 0.01)diabetic patients. Insulin-stimulated glucose clearance was reduced to a similar extent in Type 2 (54%) and Type 1 (61%) diabetic subjects, and correlated directly with fasting glucose clearance. These results show that insulin resistance is a common feature of both types of diabetes and can be demonstrated in the basal as well as the insulin-stimulated state. Both hepatic and peripheral resistance to the action of insulin contribute to diabetic hyperglycaemia.
Insulin production rate, hepatic insulin retention and splanchnic carbohydrate metabolism after oral glucose ingestion in hyperinsulinaemic Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; To differentiate peripheral and hepatic insulin resistance in hyperinsulinaemic overweight Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients (n = 17; 143 +/- 4% ideal body weight; mean +/- SEM) arterial concentrations and splanchnic exchange of glucose, pyruvate, lactate, non-esterified fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate, as well as the insulin production rate, were determined before and during oral glucose loads of 25 g or 100 g. Insulin production rate, hepatic insulin retention and splanchnic exchange of glucose and metabolites were estimated by means of the hepatic venous catheter technique. In the basal state insulin production rate was greater in overweight Type 2 diabetic patients (2.57 +/- 0.28 pmol.kg-1. min-1) than in healthy control subjects (1.68 +/- 0.17 pmol.kg-1.min-1; p less than 0.01). After ingestion of 25 g glucose, the cumulative insulin production rate exceeded normal values (p less than 0.05), but was below normal with 100 g glucose (p less than 0.01). Relative insulin trapping by the splanchnic bed in the diabetic patients was 54 +/- 3%, not different from normal. Following a 100 g glucose load, splanchnic insulin retention fell by 20% in the patients, and less consistently so in healthy controls. Splanchnic glucose output was normal in the diabetic patients both in the basal state and after glucose ingestion although the induced arterial blood glucose levels were greater in the diabetic patients than in control subjects (p less than 0.005). Splanchnic output of pyruvate (p less than 0.025), lactate (p less than 0.01), and beta-hydroxybutyrate (p less than 0.005) were greater in the basal state in the diabetic patients than in healthy subjects. However, no difference in splanchnic exchange was seen between the two groups in their metabolites' respective response to glucose ingestion. These data suggest that obese hyperinsulinaemic Type 2 diabetic patients may represent a subgroup of diabetic patients with predominantly peripheral, but compensated hepatic, insulin resistance being associated with an increased basal insulin production rate which only exhausts after ingestion of a large glucose load.
Efficacy and safety of atorvastatin in the prevention of cardiovascular end points in subjects with type 2 diabetes: the Atorvastatin Study for Prevention of Coronary Heart Disease Endpoints in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (ASPEN).; OBJECTIVE: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk is increased in type 2 diabetes. The purpose of this study was to assess the effect of 10 mg of atorvastatin versus placebo on CVD prevention in subjects with type 2 diabetes and LDL cholesterol levels below contemporary guideline targets., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Subjects were randomly assigned to receive 10 mg of atorvastatin or placebo in a 4-year, double-blind, parallel-group study. The composite primary end point comprised cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, recanalization, coronary artery bypass surgery, resuscitated cardiac arrest, and worsening or unstable angina requiring hospitalization., RESULTS: A total of 2,410 subjects with type 2 diabetes were randomized. Mean LDL cholesterol reduction in the atorvastatin group over 4 years was 29% versus placebo (P < 0.0001). When we compared atorvastatin versus placebo, composite primary end point rates were 13.7 and 15.0%, respectively (hazard ratio 0.90 [95% CI 0.73-1.12]). In the subset of 1,905 subjects without prior myocardial infarction or interventional procedure, 10.4% of atorvastatin- and 10.8% of placebo-treated subjects experienced a primary end point (0.97 [0.74-1.28]). In the 505 subjects with prior myocardial infarction or interventional procedure, 26.2% of atorvastatin- and 30.8% of placebo-treated subjects experienced a primary end point (0.82 [0.59-1.15]). Relative risk reductions in fatal and nonfatal myocardial infarction were 27% overall (P = 0.10) and 19% (P = 0.41) and 36% (P = 0.11) for subjects without and with prior myocardial infarction or interventional procedure, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: Composite end point reductions were not statistically significant. This result may relate to the overall study design, the types of subjects recruited, the nature of the primary end point, and the protocol changes required because of changing treatment guidelines. For these reasons, the results of the Atorvastatin Study for Prevention of Coronary Heart Disease Endpoints in Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (ASPEN) did not confirm the benefit of therapy but do not detract from the imperative that the majority of diabetic patients are at risk of coronary heart disease and deserve LDL cholesterol lowering to the currently recommended targets.
Analysis of insulin signaling pathways through comparative genomics. Mapping mechanisms for insulin resistance in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The precise molecular cause of insulin resistance has not yet been elucidated. Resistance to the normal action of insulin contributes to the pathogenesis of a number of common human disorders, including type 1 (insulin-dependent) and type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and the Metabolic Syndrome X, thus constituting a major public health problem. A disease program aimed at combating this disorder should focus on the identification of targets for therapeutic intervention which may overcome insulin resistance and hence the associated metabolic consequences characteristic of the Metabolic Syndrome. Although the primary defect in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes is unknown, genetic and environmental factors are likely to contribute to the manifestation of this progressive metabolic disorder, which is usually not clinically apparent until mid-life. Defects at the level of glucose uptake/phosphorylation characterize insulin resistance in skeletal muscle of type 2 diabetic patients. Identification of putative components of the insulin receptor-signaling pathway may offer insights into mechanisms involved in insulin resistance. Enhanced flux of free fatty acids due to impaired lipid metabolism may contribute to impaired insulin secretion and peripheral insulin resistance. Genes regulating lipolysis are prime candidates for susceptibility towards the metabolic syndrome. Here we describe pathways constituting complex interactions that control glucose homeostasis. We will be considering (1) regulation of glucose uptake by the insulin receptor signaling pathway, and (2) control of adipogenesis and insulin sensitivity by the sterol response element binding protein (SREBP) pathway.
A strategy for arterial risk assessment and management in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. European Arterial Risk Policy Group on behalf of the International Diabetes Federation European Region.; People with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus die mainly from cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease. Furthermore, the major burden of their symptoms arise from arterial disease, including peripheral vascular disease. However, management guidelines for Type 2 diabetes continue to focus on blood glucose control, which is only one of a number of arterial risk factors found with this type of diabetes. Clinically it is evident that blood glucose control continues to occupy centre-stage in the management of Type 2 diabetes as practised by many physicians. Even when arterial risk factors such as smoking or raised serum triglycerides are noted, their management is often relatively neglected. As part of the St Vincent Declaration Action Programme, a working group has sought consensus on the number and relative importance of arterial risk factors requiring management in quality diabetes care. The group seeks to assist those devising protocols and guidelines, records and quality systems, and those charged with directly advising and educating people with diabetes. Arterial risk factors that can be routinely identified and monitored, and modified by application of management protocols, include high blood pressure, high serum total and LDL cholesterol, low serum HDL cholesterol and raised serum triglycerides, poor blood glucose control, smoking, high body mass index and body fat distribution. Aspirin can modify hypercoagulability, but this is not easily monitored. Arterial risk factors that cannot be modified, but which have an impact on the intensity of management of other factors, include ethnic group, gender, and family history of arterial disease. Raised albumin excretion is an arterial risk factor and can be modified, but it is not clear whether this reduces cardiovascular risk. For many of the risk factors, levels of high, medium, and low risk can be set. These can be used, in consultation with the patient, to determine appropriate interventions and provide feedback on risk reduction resulting from successful management.
Duration of action and pharmacokinetics of the oral antidiabetic drug gliquidone in patients with non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus.; The duration of action and the pharmacokinetics of gliquidone (1-cyclohexyl-3-[[4-[2-(3,4-dihydro-7-methoxy-4,4-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxo-2(1H)-isochinolyl)ethyl]phenyl]-sulfonyl]-urea, AR-DF 26 SE, CAS 33342-05-1, Glurenorm, Beglynor) were investigated in 32 patients with non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus over 16 h. In a single-blinded cross-over design vs. placebo, one 30 mg tablet gliquidone was administered 15 min before breakfast. Concomitant to the measurement of glucose and insulin, the gliquidone plasma levels of 20 subjects were determined by a new specific liquid chromatographic (HPLC) assay method with fluorescence detection, and the pharmacokinetic parameters calculated. Following the gliquidone administration, the mean plasma glucose profiles of the responders were up to 15% lower than with placebo (p < 0.005) between 8 a.m. and 6 p.m., representing a duration of the blood sugar-lowering effect of 8 to 10 h. Insulin values were raised, with peaks over 40% higher, during or shortly after meals. Subsequently, the insulin levels returned to approximately the same levels obtained with placebo during the postprandial phase. Plasma concentrations of gliquidone showed pronounced interindividual variability. The mean maximum concentration in plasma Cmax was 0.65 microgram/ml, (range: 0.12-2.14 micrograms/ml, coefficient of variation (CV): 82%). The median time to reach maximum plasma concentrations tmax was 2.25 h (range: 1.25-4.75 h). The areas under the plasma concentration-time curve from zero time to infinity (AUC0-infinity) and the mean terminal elimination half-lives (t1/2 beta) were computed from those patients (N = 8) who exhibited at least five plasma levels above the limit of quantitation in the terminal log-linear phase using a two-compartment model: the mean AUC0-infinity was 5.1 micrograms.h/ml (range: 1.5-10.1 micrograms.h/ml, CV 56%). The dominant half-life t1/2 alpha derived from therapeutically relevant plasma levels of gliquidone (> 80 ng/ml) was approximately 1.2 h (range: 0.4-3.0 h. CV: 71%) and the mean terminal half-life t1/2 beta was approximately 8 h (range: 5.7-9.4 h, CV: 17%). From the pharmacodynamic behavior as well as from the pharmacokinetic parameters it can be deduced that gliquidone belongs to the class of short-acting sulfonylureas used in antidiabetic therapy.
Effect of metformin on intact proinsulin and des 31,32 proinsulin concentrations in subjects with non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus.; We have investigated the effects of metformin treatment on concentrations of proinsulin-like molecules in subjects with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Metformin was given for 12 weeks in an increasing dose up to 850 mg three times daily in a double-blind placebo-controlled cross-over design to 27 subjects (age 53.0 +/- 9.9 years; 19 male, 8 female). Concentrations of insulin and proinsulin-like molecules were measured by highly specific enzymoimmunometric assays. The end of metformin treatment was compared with end of placebo treatment. Metformin lowered fasting plasma glucose concentrations (at 12 weeks, metformin: 8.0 +/- 2.5 vs placebo: 12.0 +/- 2.3 mmol l-1, p r2 0.001;). Concentrations of intact (median change -2.9 (range -28.4 to +2.5 pmol l-1), p = 0.02) and des 31,32 proinsulin (median change -1.6 (range -14.1 to +5.4 pmol l-1), p = 0.07) and percentage of proinsulin-like molecules were reduced by metformin treatment (median change -6% (range -16% to +6%), p = 0.02). Changes in the ratio of proinsulin-like molecules were significantly related with those in fasting plasma glucose (r1 = 0.69, p < 0.001). Changes in concentrations of intact and des 31,32 proinsulin on metformin were not related to changes in body mass index or fasting glucose concentration or changes in concentrations of total triglyceride, cholesterol, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1. Therefore, metformin treatment in subjects with Type 2 diabetes mellitus significantly reduced concentrations of proinsulin-like molecules over a 12-week period. However, these changes were not related to changes in cardiovascular risk factors seen during metformin treatment. We conclude that short-term effects of metformin treatment on proinsulin-like molecules are similar to those previously observed with dietary treatment in subjects with Type 2 diabetes but opposite to those of sulphonylurea treatment. The effect of long-term treatment with metformin on proinsulin-like molecules needs to be assessed.
Reduced microvascular hyperaemia in subjects at risk of developing type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Abnormalities of microvascular function may be important in the pathogenesis of diabetic microangiopathy. As such changes are already present at diagnosis in patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, subjects at risk of developing the disease, who had elevated fasting plasma glucose concentrations below the diabetic range, were studied. The maximal microvascular hyperaemic response to local heating was determined in the feet of 11 subjects with fasting hyperglycaemia and 11 age- and sex-matched control subjects. There was reduced maximal hyperaemia in the subjects with fasting hyperglycaemia (1.01 [0.71-1.57]V, median and range), when compared to control subjects (1.41 [1.32-2.13]V, p < 0.001). It is unlikely that this limited vasodilation is a result of the mild degree of hyperglycaemia observed in the subjects included in this study. Further studies are therefore required to address the possible mechanisms of limited microvascular reactivity in subjects at risk of developing Type 2 diabetes.
Dietary fish oil augments nitric oxide production or release in patients with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Decreased release of nitric oxide from damaged endothelium is responsible for the impaired endothelium-dependent vasodilator responses found in animal models of vascular disease. Dietary supplementation with fish oils has been shown to augment endothelium-dependent relaxations, principally by improving the release of nitric oxide from injured endothelium. Using forearm venous occlusion plethysmography we studied vascular responses to 60, 120, 180 and 240 nmol/min of acetylcholine (an endothelium-dependent vasodilator) and 3, 6 and 9 nmol/min of glyceryl trinitrate (an endothelium-independent vasodilator) infused into the brachial artery in 23 patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. NG monomethyl-L-arginine was employed to inhibit stimulated and basal release of nitric oxide from the endothelium. On completion of the baseline studies patients randomly received either fish oil or matching olive oil capsules in a double-blind crossover fashion for 6 weeks followed by a 6-week washout period and a final 6-week treatment phase. Studies, identical to the initial baseline studies, were performed at the end of the active treatment periods at 6 and 18 weeks. Fish oil supplementation significantly improved forearm blood flow responses to each dose of acetylcholine when compared to the vasodilator responses recorded at baseline and after olive oil administration (p < 0.01). Neither fish oil nor olive oil supplementation produced any significant changes in forearm blood flow to the incremental infusions of glyceryl trinitrate when compared with responses recorded during the baseline studies.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Effect of protein intake on glycaemic control and renal function in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Recent clinical investigations have suggested that dietary protein intake may modulate the progression of diabetic nephropathy and influence glycaemic control in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Twelve normotensive Type 2 diabetic patients with microalbuminuria took part in a randomized cross-over trial of a 3-week high protein diet (2.0 g/kg.desirable weight per day) and a 3-week moderate protein diet (0.8 g/kg desirable weight per day) to test the simultaneous effect of protein intake modulation on glycaemic control and renal function. Both diets were isoenergetic and the moderate protein diet was supplemented with calcium and phosphate. Renal function and glycaemic control were evaluated at the beginning and at the end of each diet. The moderate protein diet reduced the urinary albumin excretion rate, glomerular filtration rate, creatinine clearance, and proteinuria without adversely affecting glycaemic control; fasting glycaemia and the ratio of fructosamine to proteins were significantly reduced. The high protein diet induced similar improvements in glycaemic control but small changes in renal function.
Pathogenesis of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus: candidates for a signal transmitter defect causing insulin resistance of the skeletal muscle.; Insulin resistance of skeletal muscle, liver and fat combined with an abnormality of insulin secretion characterizes Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. There is increasing evidence that the insulin resistance of the skeletal muscle plays a key role early in the development of Type 2 diabetes. As a consequence recent research efforts have focussed on the characterization of insulin signal transduction elements in the muscle which are candidates for a localization of a defect causing insulin resistance i.e. the insulin receptor, phosphatases related to insulin action, glycogen synthase and the glucose transporters. In this review we attempt to summarize present knowledge about abnormalities of these systems in skeletal muscle of Type 2 diabetic and pre-diabetic individuals. We try to classify abnormalities as secondary events or as candidates for putative primary molecular defects which might initiate the development of insulin resistance as early as in the "pre-diabetic" state.
Problems related to definitions and epidemiology of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus: studies throughout the world.; Many studies of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus assume that the condition is homogeneous and clearly defined. There are, however, several problems with these assumptions. Thus, definition of Type 2 diabetes is one of exclusion of other types (insulin-dependent, malnutrition-related, gestational and other rarer types) and inevitably contains a heterogeneous group of disorders the aetiology of which is largely unclear, and separation from the insulin-dependent type can be problematic. Diagnosis is also imprecise in asymptomatic subjects due to the lack of accurate diagnostic tools and lack of clear distinction of impaired glucose tolerance. An alternative to the oral glucose tolerance test is urgently needed. Epidemiological studies of Type 2 diabetes and its complications are also fraught with difficulties due to variability of the oral glucose tolerance test, potential problems in glucose measurement, heterogeneity, population selection and problems in international comparisons due to differing age structures and life expectancy. Great care is needed in all studies of Type 2 diabetes to ensure that the groups under study are properly selected, well-defined and fully described.
Habitual physical activity, aerobic capacity and metabolic control in patients with newly-diagnosed type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus: effect of 1-year diet and exercise intervention.; The aim of this study was to assess the effects of a 1-year intensified diet and exercise education regimen on habitual physical activity and aerobic capacity in middle-aged, obese patients with newly-diagnosed Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. In addition, we analysed whether the level and the changes in physical activity and aerobic capacity are related to the metabolic control of diabetes. After a 3-month basic education programme, 78 patients (45 men, 33 women) were randomly placed in an intervention or conventionally treated group. The intervention group received intensified diet education and continuous encouragement to increase physical activity which was monitored using exercise records and questionnaires. Aerobic capacity was assessed by measuring oxygen uptake at anaerobic threshold and at peak exercise. The proportion of patients with regular recreational exercise increased from 24% to 38% in the intervention men (0.10 less than p less than 0.20), remained at 54% in the conventionally treated men, increased from 53% to 70% in the intervention women (0.10 less than p less than 0.20) and from 31% to 50% (0.10 less than p less than 0.20) in the conventionally treated women. No measurable improvement was found in oxygen uptake in any of the groups. When the groups were combined, HbA1c showed an inverse correlation with oxygen uptake at anaerobic threshold (r = 0.27, p less than 0.01) and maximum oxygen uptake (r = 0.28, p less than 0.01) at 12 months.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Prevention of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus by diet and physical exercise. The 6-year Malmo feasibility study.; From a previously reported 5-year screening programme of 6,956 47-49-year-old Malmo males, a series of 41 subjects with early-stage Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and 181 subjects with impaired glucose tolerance were selected for prospective study and to test the feasibility aspect of long-term intervention with an emphasis on life-style changes. A 5-year protocol, including an initial 6-months (randomised) pilot study, consisting of dietary treatment and/or increase of physical activity or training with annual check-ups, was completed by 90% of subjects. Body weight was reduced by 2.3-3.7% among participants, whereas values increased by 0.5-1.7% in non-intervened subjects with impaired glucose tolerance and in normal control subjects (p less than 0.0001); maximal oxygen uptake (ml.min-1.kg-1) was increased by 10-14% vs decreased by 5-9%, respectively (p less than 0.0001). Glucose tolerance was normalized in greater than 50% of subjects with impaired glucose tolerance, the accumulated incidence of diabetes was 10.6%, and more than 50% of the diabetic patients were in remission after a mean follow-up of 6 years. Blood pressure, lipids, and hyperinsulinaemia were reduced and early insulin responsiveness to glucose loading preserved. Improvement in glucose tolerance was correlated to weight reduction (r = 0.19, p less than 0.02) and increased fitness (r = 0.22, p less than 0.02). Treatment was safe, and mortality was low (in fact 33% lower than in the remainder of the cohort). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Primary prevention of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus is the major form of the disease in all societies. Its public health impact appears to be increasing and the greatest genetic predisposition to the disease is encountered in developing communities. The reduction or elimination of disease in whole populations is a fundamental goal in public health. Whilst several factors are associated with the development of Type 2 diabetes, it is not clear how they cause the disease, if indeed they do, nor whether they act in the same way in all populations. Risk factors may be true determinants of a disease but alternatively they may be associated with its occurrence only by virtue of an innocent relationship with the true causes. Furthermore, known risk factors usually explain only a small proportion of any chronic disease. The role of risk factors in disease causation is therefore of fundamental importance in considering disease prevention. Two alternative strategies for prevention of disease in populations have been proposed. The population strategy seeks to remove the causes of disease in communities as a whole, whilst the high-risk strategy aims to identify subjects at increased risk, and to intervene selectively. The population approach should be tried and carefully evaluated in selected communities at above-average risk of several noncommunicable diseases. However, certain epidemiological features of Type 2 diabetes, including the distributional characteristics of glycaemia and the complications of hyperglycaemia, the clustering of cardiovascular risk factors in the diabetic subpopulation, as well as uncertainties over the causal nature of known risk factors, suggest that a high-risk approach to prevention is also appropriate.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. New genetics for old nightmares.; In the last five years, genetic markers for a large number of diseases have been localised using linkage analysis of DNA polymorphisms in affected families. The site of the genetic defect or defects leading to Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, a common illness with a major genetic component, remains unknown. This is due, at least in part, to the lack of large well-defined Type 2 diabetic pedigrees suitable for linkage analysis. There are several features of the disease which make large pedigrees difficult to find. The late age of onset of most probands means that informative older generations are often dead, while there is difficulty in detecting disease in younger generations. The diagnostic criteria for diabetes are, as yet, dependent on an arbitrary cut-off along a continuum of plasma glucose. The high prevalence of the disease may also produce problems as, in any given family, diabetogenic genes may be contributed by more than one parent. Varieties of the disease with a well-defined inheritance, such as maturity onset diabetes of youth, are more suitable for linkage analysis but might be due to defects at a different gene locus. Despite these difficulties, once large well-defined pedigrees have been found, linkage analysis using both candidate genes and random highly polymorphic markers is the strategy most likely to find genetic markers for the disease.
Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and coronary heart disease-chicken, egg or neither?.; review of the literature yields much evidence against a correlation between duration of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (Type 2 diabetes) and the degree of coronary atherosclerosis or the risk of clinically evident coronary heart disease (CHD). Furthermore, an increased risk of CHD, similar to that in previously diagnosed diabetic subjects, has been demonstrated in persons with impaired glucose tolerance. These observations suggest that an increased risk of CHD is not a consequence of the development of diabetes (i.e. persistent hyperglycaemia). It is more likely that diabetes develops in individuals who already possess characteristics which increase the risk of CHD in addition to the risk of developing diabetes.
Influence of 3 months endurance training on red cell deformability in non insulin dependent type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.; The main purpose of the study was to examine if 3 months of bicycle endurance training alters the red cell deformability in non insulin dependent type 2 diabetes mellitus men. The red cell deformability was measured with the Laser assisted optical rotational cell analyzer. The maximal elongation index and the semimaximal shear stress were measured with the Lineweaver Burke model.At the beginning and the end of the intervention the patients passed a bicycle ergometry test. As a reference group, 13 males without diabetes passed the same testing procedure. Blood samplings were taken before testing, immediately after physical exhaustion and after a 30 min recovery phase.After the training period diabetic patients could significantly reduce BMI, fasting glucose and HbA1c. The reference group had significantly higher elongation indices than the diabetes patients independent from training status. After the training period the basal values of the maximal elongation index did not change significantly. However, maximal elongation indices were significantly reduced after physical examination and in resting time. The semimaximal shear stress of diabetes patients did not alter during the training period. In comparison to the reference group semimaximal shear stress was significantly reduced at all measurement times. This pilot study proves that the maximal elongation index is significantly decreased in diabetes mellitus patients. After 3 months endurance training the red cells become more rigid while the semimaximal shear stress remains constant. Further interventions are required to analyze the exact cause of the presented findings. Copyright © J. A. Barth Verlag in Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart . New York.
Reduction of risk factors following lifestyle modification programme in subjects with type 2 (non-insulin dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Exercise and improved diet is known to be beneficial in the management of type 2 (non-insulin dependent) diabetes mellitus. In practice, however, it is difficult for patients to implement these changes unaided. We hypothesized that a lifestyle modification programme involving residential visits would result in beneficial effects on glycaemic control and lipid profile. Three hundred and four individuals with type 2 diabetes participated in a lifestyle modification programme, involving three residential visits (2 weeks, 1 week and one 3-day visit) spaced over 31 weeks. The subjects were all referred for treatment following repeated failure to achieve metabolic control in primary care settings. Participants received information and practical guidance regarding exercise training, nutrition, as well as stress management and psychological counselling. Clinical parameters were determined at each visit. After completion of the programme, subjects showed significant improvements in glycaemic control (P<0.0001). Oxygen uptake was significantly improved (P<0.0001) and blood pressure (P<0.0001), body mass index (P<0.0001) and serum cholesterol (P<0.001) was significantly reduced, while HDL cholesterol (P<0.05) was significantly increased. There were no changes in LDL cholesterol values. Subjects also reported increased well-being and reduced stress. In conclusion, a 31-week lifestyle modification programme results in marked improvements in glycaemic control, blood pressure and well-being in subjects with type 2 diabetes. Thus, this type of lifestyle modification programme is a powerful treatment option to reduce risk factors associated with diabetes and diabetic complications, even in patients who have not responded to conventional diabetic therapy.
Mitochondrial DNA variations in patients with Type 2 (non-insulin dependent) diabetes mellitus and a Welsh control population. Mutation in brief no. 239. Online.; Type 2 (non-insulin dependent) diabetes mellitus may be inherited along the maternal line and a variety of mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) variants have been implicated in the pathogenesis. We have previously reported mutations in five regions of the mitochondrial genome which encompass 11 of the 22 tRNA genes. Now we employ the technique of single stranded conformational polymorphism (SSCP) analysis to investigate a further 6 regions of the mitochondrial genome, covering the remaining 11 tRNA genes in 40 patients with Type 2 diabetes and 30 racially-matched normal controls. A variety of homoplasmic mutations were detected in patients with diabetes and these will be of value in further population association studies.
Molecular screening of the glucokinase gene in familial type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The glucokinase locus has been implicated by linkage studies in several Caucasian pedigrees with early onset, autosomal dominant diabetes, and mutations have been identified in a large number of these pedigrees. Although mutations have been reported in some pedigrees with late onset Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, linkage studies of typical familial Type 2 diabetes did not suggest a major role for this locus. Nonetheless, linkage studies were consistent with the hypothesis that mutations of the glucokinase gene were responsible for the pathogenesis of Type 2 diabetes in a minority of pedigrees or one gene in a polygenic disorder. To systematically address this hypothesis, we examined 60 diabetic members of 18 pedigrees ascertained for two or more Type 2 diabetic siblings and eight unrelated diabetic spouses. Initially, the coding regions from each of the 11 glucokinase exons were examined by the sensitive technique of single strand conformation polymorphism analysis to screen for single nucleotide substitutions. Subsequently, we also sequenced each exon from an affected member of the single pedigree in which a glucokinase allele was most likely to segregate with diabetes. Single strand conformation polymorphism analysis detected only three variants, none of which altered the amino acid sequence. No coding or splice site mutations were detected. Likewise, no additional mutations were detected upon direct sequence analysis. However, additional screening of promoter and 3' untranslated regions detected a variant pattern in the untranslated region of exon 10 which appeared to segregate with diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance in one pedigree.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Early-onset type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus is associated with glucokinase locus, but not with adenosine deaminase locus, in the Japanese population.; To investigate the possible contribution of glucokinase (GCK) and adenosine deaminase (ADA) loci to the genetic susceptibility to type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, we studied the association of these loci with type 2 diabetes in the Japanese population. Fifty patients with type 2 diabetes and 50 control subjects were analyzed for microsatellite polymorphism 3' to the GCK gene and PstI polymorphism in the ADA gene by polymerase chain reaction. The frequency of the most common GCK allele (Z) was significantly lower in type 2 diabetic patients than that in control subjects and a longer Z + 2 allele was more common in type 2 diabetic patients (26% vs. 15%, P = 0.053), particularly in those with younger age of onset (33% vs. 15%, younger onset type 2 diabetes vs. control, P = 0.014). The frequency of genotypes containing at least one Z + 2 allele was significantly more common in type 2 diabetic patients (46% vs. 28%, P < 0.05), particularly in those with younger age of onset (61% vs. 28%, relative risk 4.00, P < 0.01). In contrast, there was no difference in allelic or genotypic frequencies of PstI polymorphism in the ADA gene between the two groups. Despite the association between the GCK locus and type 2 diabetes, none of the patients had known mutations (Glu265-->AM265, Glu279-->AM279, Gly299-->Arg299, Glu300-->Gln300, Leu309-->Pro309). These results suggest that the GCK locus, but not the ADA locus, contributes to the genetic susceptibility to type 2 diabetes in Japanese.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Effects of non-esterified fatty acids on insulin-stimulated glucose transport in isolated skeletal muscle from patients with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The influence of elevated levels of oleate on insulin-stimulated 3-0-methylglucose transport was assessed in vitro, in isolated skeletal muscle obtained from patients with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (n = 7) and control subjects (n = 8). An increase in oleate levels from 0.3 to 1.0 mmol/l induced a 3.7-fold increase in the rate of oleate oxidation (P < 0.01) in skeletal muscle from control subjects. However, the rate of insulin-stimulated 3-0-methylglucose transport was not altered in isolated skeletal muscle from the control subjects or the type 2 diabetic patients following exposure to 1.0 mmol/l oleate. This observation indicates that elevation of non-esterified fatty acids to a high physiological level has no inhibitory effect on glucose transport.
Increased levels of soluble adhesion molecules in type 2 (non-insulin dependent) diabetes mellitus are independent of glycaemic control.; Patients with Type 2 (non-insulin dependent) diabetes mellitus are at increased risk of thrombosis and the premature development of atherosclerosis. This may be related to damage to the endothelium (which may be the primary target tissue for the disease process) resulting from a loss of normal glycaemic metabolic control. Thus changes in endothelial cell function, such as modified release of soluble leukocyte and platelet adhesion molecules, may be important. Accordingly, E-selectin, von Willebrand factor (vWf), vascular cell adhesion molecule (VCAM) and intercellular adhesion molecule (ICAM) were measured in serum from 60 patients and 76 controls. Raised levels of vWf (p = 0.0002), E-selectin (p < 0.0001) and VCAM (p = 0.003) in patient's samples failed to correlate with glycaemic control as assessed by levels of fructosamine and glycated haemoglobin, or with 24 h urine albumin. Levels of ICAM were not increased in our patients. Levels of the two endothelial cell products, vWf and E-selectin, failed to correlate although E-selectin correlated with low density lipoprotein cholesterol (p = 0.016). vWf correlated with VCAM (p < 0.001) and hypertension (p = 0.032). We conclude that levels of soluble adhesion molecules vWf, E-selectin and VCAM are raised in Type 2 diabetes mellitus. The mechanisms for these changes appear to be independent of glycaemic control but may relate to concurrent hypertension and/or hypercholesterolaemia.
HLA-associated susceptibility to type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus: the Wadena City Health Study.; Epidemiologic data suggest that a parental history of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus increases the risk of Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes in siblings of a Type 1 diabetes proband. This increase in risk is consistent with a shared genetic susceptibility between Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes. We have previously reported evidence that HLA-DR4-linked factors may represent a homogeneous subset of diabetes susceptibility. First, HLA-DR4 frequency was higher in Type 1 diabetic study subjects with a Type 2 diabetic parent than in Type 1 diabetic subjects whose parents were not diabetic. Second, a DR4-haplotype was transmitted from the Type 2 diabetic parent to the Type 1 offspring more often than expected. These data are consistent with the hypothesis that families with a Type 2 diabetic parent and Type 1 diabetic child, heavily determined by HLA-DR4 linked factors, may represent a homogeneous subset of diabetes susceptibility. In this report, we further explore the relationship between the high-risk HLA antigen (HLA-DR4) in study subjects with differing glycaemic status (National Diabetes Data Group criteria). In this community-based study, we find evidence that HLA-DR4 is increased in study subjects with Type 2 diabetes and may be a marker for Type 2 diabetes susceptibility.
Contribution of glucose/glucose 6-phosphate cycle activity to insulin resistance in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; It has been suggested that increased glucose/glucose 6-phosphate substrate cycling impairs net hepatic glucose uptake in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and contributes to hyperglycaemia. To investigate glucose/glucose 6-phosphate cycle activity and insulin action in Type 2 diabetes we studied eight patients and eight healthy control subjects, using the euglycaemic glucose clamp and isotope dilution techniques with purified [2-3H]- and [6-3H] glucose tracers, in the post-absorptive state and eight patients and five healthy control subjects during consecutive insulin infusions at rates of 0.4 and 2.0 mU.kg-1 x min-1. [2-3H]glucose and [6-3H]glucose radioactivity in plasma samples were determined using selective enzymatic detritiation, allowing calculation of glucose turnover rates for each isotope, the difference being glucose/glucose 6-phosphate cycling. Endogenous glucose production ([6-3H]glucose) was greater in diabetic than control subjects in the post-absorptive state (15.6 +/- 1.5 vs 11.3 +/- 0.4 mumol.kg-1 x min-1, p < 0.05) and during the 0.4 mU insulin infusion (10.1 +/- 1.3 vs 5.2 +/- 0.3 mumol.kg-1 x min-1, p < 0.01) indicating hepatic insulin resistance. Glucose/glucose 6-phosphate cycling was significantly greater in diabetic than in control subjects in the post-absorptive state (2.6 +/- 0.4 vs 1.6 +/- 0.2 mumol.kg-1 x min-1, p < 0.05) but not during the 0.4 mU insulin infusion (2.0 +/- 0.4 vs 2.0 +/- 0.3 mumol.kg-1 x min-1). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Nerve function and its determinants in patients with newly-diagnosed type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and in control subjects--a 5-year follow-up.; In order to assess the changes in nerve function 5 years after the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus and the determinants of progression of neuropathy, we studied 113 Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients and 127 non-diabetic control subjects. Motor and sensory nerve conduction velocities were measured at the time of diagnosis of diabetes and 5 years later. At both examinations conduction velocities and response amplitudes were lower in diabetic patients than in control subjects. During the follow-up sural nerve conduction was impaired in both diabetic and control subjects, but, in general, changes in neurophysiological parameters were slight and inconsistent. In 12 diabetic patients nerve function deteriorated significantly during the follow-up. These patients had higher glycaemic indices at both examinations and lower baseline blood pressure levels as compared to the rest of the diabetic patients. No differences between these patient groups were found in other baseline risk factors (age, obesity, use of alcohol, smoking, serum insulin levels, albuminuria, lipids). In conclusion, Type 2 diabetic patients have disturbed nerve function at the time of diagnosis, but neurophysiological impairment during the next 5 years is on the average slight. Poor glycaemic control seems to be the most important risk factor in the deterioration of nerve function in these patients.
Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, hypertension and hyperlipidaemia (syndrome X): relation to reduced fetal growth.; Two follow-up studies were carried out to determine whether lower birthweight is related to the occurrence of syndrome X-Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, hypertension and hyperlipidaemia. The first study included 407 men born in Hertfordshire, England between 1920 and 1930 whose weights at birth and at 1 year of age had been recorded by health visitors. The second study included 266 men and women born in Preston, UK, between 1935 and 1943 whose size at birth had been measured in detail. The prevalence of syndrome X fell progressively in both men and women, from those who had the lowest to those who had the highest birthweights. Of 64-year-old men whose birthweights were 2.95 kg (6.5 pounds) or less, 22% had syndrome X. Their risk of developing syndrome X was more than 10 times greater than that of men whose birthweights were more than 4.31 kg (9.5 pounds). The association between syndrome X and low birthweight was independent of duration of gestation and of possible confounding variables including cigarette smoking, alcohol consumption and social class currently or at birth. In addition to low birthweight, subjects with syndrome X had small head circumference and low ponderal index at birth, and low weight and below-average dental eruption at 1 year of age. It is concluded that Type 2 diabetes and hypertension have a common origin in sub-optimal development in utero, and that syndrome X should perhaps be re-named "the small-baby syndrome".
Intracellular and extracellular magnesium depletion in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; To investigate alterations of magnesium metabolism in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, we utilized a new magnesium-specific selective ion electrode apparatus to measure serum ionized magnesium (Mg-io) in fasting subjects with and without Type 2 diabetes, and compared these values to levels of serum total magnesium, and of intracellular free magnesium (Mgi) analysed by 31P-NMR spectroscopy. Both Mg-io (0.630 +/- 0.008 vs 0.552 +/- 0.008 mmol/l, p < 0.001) and Mgi (223.3 +/- 8.3 vs 184 +/- 13.7 mmol/l, p < 0.001), but not serum total magnesium, were significantly reduced in Type 2 diabetes compared with non-diabetic control subjects. Furthermore, a close relationship was observed between serum Mg-io and Mgi (r = 0.728, p < 0.001). We suggest that magnesium deficiency, both extracellular and intracellular, is a characteristic of chronic stable mild Type 2 diabetes, and as such, may predispose to the excess cardiovascular morbidity of the diabetic state. Furthermore, by more adequately reflecting cellular magnesium metabolism than total serum magnesium levels, Mg-io measurements may provide a more readily available tool than has heretofore been available to analyse magnesium metabolism in a variety of diseases.
Insulin resistance, hypertension and microalbuminuria in patients with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; We examined the impact of hypertension and microalbuminuria on insulin sensitivity in patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus using the euglycaemic insulin clamp technique in 52 Type 2 diabetic patients and in 19 healthy control subjects. Twenty-five diabetic patients had hypertension and 19 had microalbuminuria. Hypertension per se was associated with a 27% reduction in the rate of total glucose metabolism and a 40% reduction in the rate of non-oxidative glucose metabolism compared with normotensive Type 2 diabetic patients (both p < 0.001). Glucose metabolism was also impaired in normotensive microalbuminuric patients compared with normotensive normoalbuminuric patients (29.4 +/- 2.2 vs 40.5 +/- 2.8 mumol.kg lean body mass-1.min-1; p = 0.012), primarily due to a reduction in non-oxidative glucose metabolism (12.7 +/- 2.9 vs 21.1 +/- 2.6 mumol.kg lean body mass-1.min-1; p = 0.06). In a factorial ANOVA design, however, only hypertension (p = 0.008) and the combination of hypertension and microalbuminuria (p = 0.030) were significantly associated with the rate of glucose metabolism. The highest triglyceride and lowest HDL cholesterol concentrations were observed in Type 2 diabetic patients with both hypertension and microalbuminuria. Of note, glucose metabolism was indistinguishable from that in control subjects in Type 2 diabetic patients without hypertension and microalbuminuria (40.5 +/- 2.8 vs 44.4 +/- 2.8 mumol.kg lean body mass-1.min-1). We conclude that insulin resistance in Type 2 diabetes is predominantly associated with either hypertension or microalbuminuria or with both.
Positive association in the absence of linkage suggests a minor role for the glucokinase gene in the pathogenesis of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus amongst south Indians.; Mutations of the glucokinase gene have been implicated in the development of glucose intolerance in pedigrees with maturity-onset diabetes of the young. However, the contribution of the glucokinase gene to the aetiology of common Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus is uncertain. We have studied the role of the glucokinase gene in the pathogenesis of Type 2 diabetes in South Indians, using both population-association and linkage methodology. A pair of CA-repeat sequences (GCK(3') and GCK(5')) straddling the glucokinase gene were employed as markers, each subject being typed using the polymerase chain reaction and polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. Comparisons of allele frequencies at these markers were made between 168 Type 2 diabetic subjects and 70 racially-matched control subjects. No differences in allele frequencies were apparent at the GCK(5') marker; however, there were significant differences in allele frequencies at the GCK(3') marker between the Type 2 diabetic subjects and control subjects (chi 2 = 11.6, df = 3, p = 0.009) with an increase of the z allele (78.0% vs 66.4%) and a decrease of the z + 2 allele (13.7% vs 25.0%) amongst the diabetic subjects. Linkage between glucose intolerance and the glucokinase gene was studied in 53 nuclear pedigrees under a variety of genetic models. Linkage was excluded (lod score < -2) at a recombination fraction of zero under five of the ten models used and highly unlikely (-2 < lod score < -1) under the others. The combination of positive association and negative linkage suggests that glucokinase acts as a minor gene influencing the development of Type 2 diabetes within this population.
Improvement of lipid profile in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus by insulin-like growth factor I.; Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus is associated with increased glucose, insulin, total and VLDL-triglyceride, and often total and LDL-cholesterol levels which promote vascular disease. Recombinant human insulin-like growth factor-I which mimics many effects of insulin, decreased insulin, total and VLDL-triglyceride, and total and LDL-cholesterol levels in healthy man as well as glucose and insulin levels in Type 2 diabetic patients. We, therefore, investigated total and fractionated triglyceride and cholesterol levels, lipoprotein(a), non-esterified fatty acid, and apolipoprotein levels in eight Type 2 diabetic patients during five control, five treatment, and three wash-out days. They received a constant diet throughout and daily 2 x 120 micrograms insulin-like growth factor-I/kg s.c. during the treatment period. Fasting total and VLDL-triglyceride, total and LDL-cholesterol control levels were (mean +/- SD) 3.1 +/- 2.6, 1.3 +/- 1.0, 6.3 +/- 1.3, and 4.5 +/- 1.1 mmol/l and decreased to 1.6 +/- 0.8, 0.6 +/- 0.4, 5.0 +/- 1.0, and 3.5 +/- 1.1 mmol/l, respectively, on the last treatment day (p < 0.01). During therapy, fasting lipoprotein(a) levels and the postprandial area under the triglyceride curve decreased by 48 +/- 22 and 32 +/- 18% of control (p < 0.01), respectively. In conclusion, insulin-like growth factor-I lowered lipid levels in Type 2 diabetic patients directly or indirectly or both because of decreased glucose and insulin levels. Long-term trials would be of interest with respect to the cardiovascular risk in Type 2 diabetes and patients with hyperlipidaemia.
Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus associated with a mutation of the glucokinase gene in a Japanese family.; Mutations were screened for in the glucokinase gene of 25 Japanese patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Each exon was scanned by electrophoresis of enzymatically amplified DNA segments under non-denaturing conditions and variants were sequenced. A variant pattern was detected in exon 5 of one patient. Direct sequencing of this exon revealed a single nucleotide substitution in codon 188 (GCT-->ACT) of one of two alleles resulting in the mutation of Ala188-->Thr, an invariant residue in the sequence of all mammalian glucokinases and hexokinases. This mutation was not found in 40 normal control subjects. The proband had been diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes at the age of 62 years. Four other members of her family have the same mutation and all have Type 2 diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance. The youngest age at diagnosis of Type 2 diabetes in these other members was 13 years, suggesting that her pedigree was maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY). All subjects with the Thr188 mutation show a decreased insulin secretory response during oral glucose tolerance testing. Mutations in the glucokinase gene associated with Type 2 diabetes have been previously identified in Caucasian (French and British) subjects. This study indicates that mutations in this gene are also implicated in the development of Type 2 diabetes in Asians. Further studies are required to determine the frequency of mutations in glucokinase among Japanese patients with Type 2 diabetes.
Two microsatellite repeat polymorphisms flanking opposite ends of the human glucokinase gene: use in haplotype analysis of Welsh Caucasians with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The purpose of this study was to evaluate the role of potential glucokinase defects contributing to susceptibility to Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in Welsh Caucasians. For this analysis, two microsatellite repeat polymorphisms flanking opposite ends of the gene were employed. For a recently described microsatellite (GCK2), located 6 kilobases upstream of islet exon 1, six different sized alleles were observed, with heterozygosity of 0.50 and polymorphism information content 0.44. Combined heterozygosity with another microsatellite repeat (GCK1) was 0.72. Significant linkage disequilibrium was noted between GCK2 and GCK1, suggesting that haplotypes may be a better predictor of Type 2 diabetes than analysis with either microsatellite alone. Using these two markers, the association with Type 2 diabetes was examined. The frequencies of alleles and genotypes at GCK1 did not differ between the patients with Type 2 diabetes (n = 157) and control subjects (n = 73). Similarly no differences were observed in GCK2 alleles or genotypes. The frequencies of haplotypes, derived from the two markers, also did not differ between the two groups. To investigate the possibility of minor metabolic effects of glucokinase defects, we also studied the association between the GCK alleles or haplotypes and the response profiles to meal tolerance tests. No association was observed between plasma glucose or insulin responses to meal tolerance tests with GCK haplotypes or alleles. These results suggest that glucokinase mutations in Welsh Caucasians are not major determinants of susceptibility to the common type of Type 2 diabetes.
Pre-diabetic blood pressure predicts urinary albumin excretion after the onset of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in Pima Indians.; Blood pressure was measured in 490 non-proteinuric Pima Indians from the Gila River Indian Community in Arizona at least 1 year before the diagnosis of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Urine albumin concentration was measured in the same subjects 0-24 years (mean 5 years) after diabetes was diagnosed. Prevalence rates of abnormal albumin excretion (albumin-to-creatinine ratio > or = 100 mg/g) after the onset of Type 2 diabetes were 9%, 16%, and 23%, respectively, for the lowest to highest tertiles of pre-diabetic mean blood pressure. When controlled for age, sex, duration of diabetes and pre-diabetic 2-h post-load plasma glucose concentration, higher pre-diabetic mean blood pressure predicted abnormal urinary excretion of albumin after the onset of diabetes. This finding suggests that the higher blood pressure seen in diabetic nephropathy is not entirely a result of the renal disease, but may precede and contribute to it.
Differential effects of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus on pentosidine formation in skin and glomerular basement membrane.; Pentosidine is an advanced Maillard/glycation reaction product the formation of which in human skin is significantly increased in Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and correlates with the severity of diabetic complications. Preliminary data in a limited number of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic individuals showed that skin pentosidine was not significantly elevated, raising the question of whether statistical power was insufficient for differences to be revealed, or whether pentosidine did not form because biological factors intrinsic to Type 2 diabetes affected the advanced Maillard reaction altogether. To resolve this question, pentosidine levels were measured in 209 human skin samples obtained at autopsy and in purified glomerular basement membranes from 45 subjects of various ages, with and without Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes and uraemia. Pentosidine increased exponentially in skin but curvilinearly in glomerular basement membranes, and reached 75 and 50 pmol/mg collagen at projected 100 years, respectively. Skin levels were not significantly elevated in individuals with Type 2 diabetes (p > 0.05). In contrast, pentosidine levels in glomerular basement membranes were elevated above the 95% confidence interval in the majority of diabetic patients regardless of the type of diabetes and in all individuals on haemodialysis. These data clearly demonstrate that the advanced Maillard reaction is indeed accelerated in Type 2 diabetes and strongly suggest that differences in pentosidine accumulation rates may be due to differences in collagen turnover. In diabetes and uraemia, accelerated Maillard reaction mediated protein crosslinking, as reflected by pentosidine, may contribute to decreased turnover of the extracellular matrix, sclerosis and thickening of basement membranes.
Determinants of end-stage renal disease in Pima Indians with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and proteinuria.; To identify factors related to the development of end-stage renal disease after the onset of proteinuria, its incidence was determined in 364 Pima Indians aged 35 years or older with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and proteinuria (protein-to-creatinine ratio > or = 0.5 g/g). Of these 364 subjects, 95 (36 men, 59 women) developed end-stage renal disease. The cumulative incidence was 40% 10 years after and 61% 15 years after the onset of proteinuria. The incidence of end-stage renal disease was significantly related to the duration of diabetes, the duration of proteinuria, higher 2-h plasma glucose concentration, type of diabetes treatment, and the presence of retinopathy at the time of recognition of the proteinuria, but not to age, sex, or blood pressure. Duration of proteinuria influenced the risk of end-stage renal disease, contingent, however, upon the duration of diabetes at the onset of proteinuria. The higher cumulative incidence of end-stage renal disease 15 years after the onset of proteinuria in Pima Indians (61%) than in Caucasians from Rochester, Minnesota (17%) may be attributable, in part, to the younger age of onset of Type 2 diabetes in Pima Indians than in Caucasians, to ethnic differences in susceptibility to renal disease, or to lower death rates among the Pima Indians from competing causes of death, such as coronary heart disease.
A genetic marker at the glucokinase gene locus for type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in Mauritian Creoles.; The prevalence of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus is high in Mauritius, a multiethnic island nation in the southwestern Indian Ocean. Evaluation of candidate genes in the different ethnic groups represents a means of assessing the genetic component. As glucokinase is known to be a key regulator of glucose homeostasis in liver and pancreatic Beta-cells, the human gene was isolated and a dinucleotide repeat (CA)n marker was identified at this locus. A polymerase chain reaction assay was developed, and alleles differing in size were observed in individuals, according to the number of repeats in the amplified fragment. Eighty-five Creoles and 63 Indians of known glucose tolerance status were typed by amplification of genomic DNA for this dinucleotide (CA)n repeat marker. Four different alleles were observed including Z, the most common allele, and Z + 2, Z + 4, and Z + 10, which differed from Z by 2, 4, and 10 nucleotides respectively. In Mauritian Creoles, the frequency of the Z + 2 allele was greater in Type 2 diabetic subjects than in control subjects (23.8% vs 8.9%, p = 0.008), and the frequency of the Z allele was lower in Type 2 diabetic subjects (60% vs 75.6%, p = 0.03). Analysis with univariate logistic regression models indicated that the Z + 2 allele had the highest odds ratio, 3.08 (95% confidence interval 1.14-8.35, p = 0.0416), among the other risk factors (age, sex, body mass index, and waist/hip ratio). The multivariate odds ratio for Type 2 diabetes was 2.88 (95% confidence interval 0.98-8.50, p = 0.0551). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Hyperinsulinaemia in youth is a predictor of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; This study aimed to compare plasma insulin concentrations across the age-range from childhood to old age in the populations of Nauru and Tuvalu, and to assess their relationship to the incidence of impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes in young Nauruans. The studies, performed in 1975 and 1976, found that Nauru had a higher prevalence of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus than Tuvalu. Both studies included subjects of 8-29 years of age (n = 320 in Nauru, n = 318 in Tuvalu) and on these subjects glucose tolerance status, body mass index and fasting and 2-h (post 75 g glucose load) plasma insulin concentrations were determined. In Nauru, follow-up surveys in 1982 and 1987 included many of the subjects first seen in 1975/1976, allowing the incidence and natural history of glucose intolerance to be studied. Within the group of subjects with normal glucose tolerance, there was no effect of age on plasma insulin distributions in either population. However, in both populations, 8-19 year old subjects with normal glucose tolerance had higher body mass index-adjusted geometric mean fasting and 2-h insulin concentrations than older age-groups (p less than 0.001 for fasting insulin). Body mass index-adjusted geometric mean 2-h plasma insulin was higher in subjects with abnormal glucose tolerance relative to those with normal glucose tolerance in both populations. In Nauruans, 2-h insulin levels at baseline were predictive of impaired glucose tolerance and Type 2 diabetes in 1982, and fasting and 2-h insulin levels predicted development of Type 2 diabetes in 1987.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Hyperglycaemic symptoms before diagnosis of non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus in relation to 5-year outcome.; A group of newly diagnosed patients with non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus (n = 133) were divided into two groups according to the symptoms of diabetes mellitus at diagnosis; a group (26 men and 17 women) with hyperglycaemic symptoms (polydipsia, polyuria, weight loss and tiredness) and a group (44 men and 46 women) without such symptoms. At the time of diagnosis, symptomatic patients tended to be leaner (P = NS), and they were more hyperglycaemic (P less than 0.001-0.06) and had lower insulin responses to an oral glucose load (P less than 0.01-0.05) than asymptomatic patients, but after 5 years no difference in these respects was found. No significant differences in the frequency of islet-cell antibodies or cardiovascular diseases were found between the two diabetic groups. At the 5-year examination, the initially symptomatic patients were receiving pharmacological treatment for hyperglycaemia more often than asymptomatic patients. No consistent differences in clinical characteristics and 5-year outcome were observed between those diabetic patients who were diagnosed on the basis of hyperglycaemic symptoms and those who were diagnosed for other reasons. In conclusion, in middle-aged patients with newly diagnosed diabetes mellitus classified as non-insulin-dependent, diabetic symptoms at diagnosis did not predict the 5-year outcome of the patients in terms of metabolic control or cardiovascular events.
Islet amyloid polypeptide plasma concentrations in individuals at increased risk of developing type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; To study whether abnormal secretion of islet amyloid polypeptide is involved in the development of insulin resistance and impaired insulin secretion in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, we measured islet amyloid polypeptide concentrations in 56 first-degree relatives of Type 2 diabetic subjects and in 10 healthy control subjects. Fasting islet amyloid polypeptide concentrations were similar in control subjects, glucose-tolerant and glucose-intolerant relatives (8 +/- 1, 9 +/- 1 and 11 +/- 2 fmol/ml; p = NS). The area under the islet amyloid polypeptide curve measured during an oral glucose load was larger in glucose-intolerant relatives (115 +/- 13 fmol/ml) compared to glucose tolerant relatives and control subjects (88 +/- 3 and 79 +/- 12 fmol/ml; p less than 0.05). The insulin response during the oral glucose load was inversely correlated with the rate of glucose disposal measured during a euglycaemic hyperinsulinaemic clamp (r = -0.725; p less than 0.01), while no significant correlation was observed between the corresponding values for islet amyloid polypeptide and glucose disposal (r = -0.380; p = NS). Hypersecretion of islet amyloid polypeptide is observed in glucose-intolerant first-degree relatives of patients with Type 2 diabetes. Since these patients are characterized by insulin resistance and abnormal first-phase insulin secretion, the putative role of islet amyloid polypeptide in the development of these abnormalities remains to be established. It is however, unlikely that islet amyloid polypeptide is involved in the development of insulin resistance as insulin-resistant relatives with normal glucose-tolerance showed normal islet amyloid polypeptide concentrations.
Insulin action and determinants of glycaemia in a rat model of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; We aimed to assess prandial responses, basal glucose turnover and insulin action (euglycaemic clamp) in a very low-dose neonatal streptozotocin model of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Male Wistar rats were injected at 2 days of age with 45 mg/kg streptozotocin or vehicle (control). At 8 weeks, the groups were subdivided and fed either a high-fat or high-starch diet for 3 weeks. Both the fat diet and streptozotocin treatments had independent hyperglycaemic effects (streptozotocin/fat 9.3 +/- 0.3 mmol/l; streptozotocin/starch 7.5 +/- 0.3 mmol/l; control/fat 7.4 +/- 0.1 mmol/l; all p less than 0.01 vs control/starch 6.4 +/- 0.1 mmol/l). The fat diet effect was associated with both a reduction in basal glucose clearance (p less than 0.001) and in basal hepatic glucose output (p less than 0.05). Streptozotocin increased basal hepatic glucose output. Significantly higher prandial glycaemia in the streptozotocin/starch group occurred despite similar insulin levels and appeared to be related to an impaired early insulin response. Whole-body and tissue-specific insulin sensitivity were significantly depressed in fat-fed animals compared to starch-fed animals, however there were no significant effects of streptozotocin treatment. We conclude that fasting hyperglycaemia associated with abnormalities in both glucose production and clearance can exist in the presence of a basal hepatic glucose output which is reduced compared to control animals. Furthermore, dietary-fat-induced insulin resistance is not exacerbated by the relative insulin deficiency and/or mild hyperglycaemia observed when dietary fat and neonatal streptozotocin-treatments are combined.
Hyperglycaemia compensates for the defects in insulin-mediated glucose metabolism and in the activation of glycogen synthase in the skeletal muscle of patients with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Insulin resistance and a defective insulin activation of the enzyme glycogen synthase in skeletal muscle during euglycaemia may have important pathophysiological implications in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Hyperglycaemia may serve to compensate for these defects in Type 2 diabetes by increasing glucose disposal through a mass action effect. In the present study, rates of whole-body glucose oxidation and glucose storage were measured during fasting hyperglycaemia and isoglycaemic insulin infusion (40 mU.m-2.min-1, 3 h) in 12 patients with Type 2 diabetes. Eleven control subjects were studied during euglycaemia. Biopsies were taken from the vastus lateralis muscle. Fasting and insulin-stimulated glucose oxidation, glucose storage and muscle glycogen synthase activation were all fully compensated (normalized) during hyperglycaemia in the diabetic patients. The insulin-stimulated increase in muscle glycogen content was the same in the diabetic patients and in the control subjects. Besides hyperglycaemia, the diabetic patients had elevated muscle free glucose and glucose 6-phosphate concentrations. A positive correlation was demonstrated between intracellular free glucose concentration and muscle glycogen synthase fractional velocity insulin activation (0.1 mmol/l glucose 6-phosphate: r = 0.65, p less than 0.02 and 0.0 mmol/l glucose 6-phosphate: r = 0.91, p less than 0.0001). In conclusion, this study indicates an important role for hyperglycaemia and elevated muscle free glucose and glucose 6-phosphate concentrations in compensating (normalizing) intracellular glucose metabolism and skeletal muscle glycogen synthase activation in Type 2 diabetes.
Hypomagnesaemia in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus is not corrected by improvement of long-term metabolic control.; Low levels of magnesium have frequently been reported in diabetes mellitus especially in poorly controlled Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetic patients. Furthermore hypomagnesaemia might contribute to insulin resistance in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes. As the influence of improved metabolic control on plasma magnesium levels is unknown in Type 2 diabetic patients we studied magnesium plasma levels in 50 patients 1) before, 2) one and 3) three months after the initiation of insulin therapy or intensified treatment with oral hypoglycaemic agents. Magnesium plasma levels were measured by a colorimetric method and were significantly reduced in diabetic patients compared to healthy control subjects (0.79 +/- 0.01 mmol/l vs 0.88 +/- 0.01 mmol/l; p less than 0.0001). Metabolic control was significantly improved as documented by reduced HbA1C levels in both insulin-treated patients or the patients on oral hypoglycaemic agents (p less than 0.003). However, plasma magnesium levels remained unchanged during the follow-up in the insulin-treated group (1: 0.79 +/- 0.02 mmol/l; 2: 0.81 +/- 0.02 mmol/l; 3: 0.79 +/- 0.01 mmol/l) as well as in the patients on oral hypoglycaemic agents (1: 0.79 +/- 0.03 mmol/l; 2: 0.78 +/- 0.02 mmol/l; 3: 0.84 +/- 0.04 mmol/l). This study shows that even marked improvement of glycaemic control does not correct hypomagnesaemia in Type 2 diabetes. We conclude that hypomagnesaemia might be related to the insulin-resistant state and that possible beneficial effect of chronic magnesium administration should be evaluated in these patients.
Impaired endothelium-dependent and independent vasodilation in patients with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The endothelium plays a pivotal role in modulating the reactivity of vascular smooth muscle through the formation of several vasoactive substances. We examined the effects of endothelium-dependent and independent vasodilators on forearm blood flow in 29 patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and in 21 control subjects, using venous occlusion plethysmography. Via a brachial artery cannula, increasing amounts of acetylcholine and glyceryl trinitrate were infused in doses of 60, 120, 180 and 240 mmol per min and 3, 6 and 9 nmol per min respectively. NG monomethyl-L-arginine, a stereospecific inhibitor of endothelium derived relaxing factor, was infused to inhibit basal and stimulated release of this dilator substance. Reactive hyperaemic forearm blood flow did not differ between groups. Forearm blood flow responses to each dose of acetylcholine were significantly greater in control than diabetic subjects (p less than 0.01 for all doses). NG monomethyl-L-arginine attenuated forearm blood flow from maximal stimulated values when responses were compared with the natural decline to acetylcholine in forearm flow in both control and diabetic subjects (p less than 0.05 for both groups), but had no effect on basal blood flow responses. Forearm blood flow responses to each dose of glyceryl trinitrate were significantly greater in control than diabetic subjects (p less than 0.05 for all). These data provide evidence for endothelial and smooth muscle dysfunction in diabetes which may have important therapeutic implications.
Twenty-four-hour energy expenditure in Pima Indians with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; To assess the impact of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus on energy metabolism, 24-h energy expenditure, basal metabolic rate and sleeping metabolic rate were measured in a respiratory chamber in 151 Pima Indians, 102 with normal glucose tolerance (67 male/35 female, (mean +/- SD) 28 +/- 7 years, 99 +/- 24 kg, 32 +/- 9% body fat) and in 49 with Type 2 diabetes (22 male/27 female, 35 +/- 11 years, 107 +/- 33 kg, 39 +/- 7% body fat), after at least 3 days on a weight maintaining diet. After adjustment for differences in fat-free mass, fat mass, age and sex, 24-h energy expenditure, basal metabolic rate and sleeping metabolic rate were significantly higher in diabetic patients than in control subjects (72 kcal/day, p less than 0.05; 99 kcal/day, p less than 0.005; 99 kcal/day, p less than 0.001 respectively). Spontaneous physical activity was similar in both groups whereas the thermic effect of food, calculated as the mean energy expenditure corrected for activity throughout the day above sleeping metabolic rate and expressed as a percentage of energy intake, was significantly lower in Type 2 diabetic patients (17.1 +/- 7.1 vs 19.8 +/- 5.6%, p less than 0.05). Adjusted values of 24-h energy expenditure, basal metabolic rate and sleeping metabolic rate were correlated with hepatic endogenous glucose production (r = 0.22, p less than 0.05; r = 0.22, p less than 0.05; r = 0.31, p less than 0.01 respectively). Therefore, increased basal and sleeping metabolic rates, resulting in increased 24-h sedentary energy expenditure may play a role in the weight loss so often observed in Type 2 diabetic subjects in addition to the energy loss from glycosuria.
Oral contraceptive use and the risk of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in a large prospective study of women.; We examined the association between oral contraceptive use and incidence of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus among 115117 female nurses free of diabetes, cardiovascular disease and cancer in 1976 and followed-up for 12 years. During 1237440 person years of follow-up, 2276 women who provided information on oral contraceptive use were clinically diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes. Women who used oral contraceptives in the past had only a slight and marginally increased relative risk of 1.10 (95% confidence interval 1.01, 1.21) compared to those women who had never used oral contraceptives after controlling for known risk factors of disease. We found no evidence of increased risk with longer duration of use or with shorter interval since last use. Current users did not have an increased risk of Type 2 diabetes (relative risk = 0.86, 95% confidence interval 0.46, 1.61) when compared to women who had never used the drug. There was no effect modification by obesity, family history of diabetes, or physical activity. These data suggest that past or current oral contraceptive use does not substantially influence subsequent risk of Type 2 diabetes.
The effects of sympathetic nervous system activation and psychological stress on glucose metabolism and blood pressure in subjects with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The sympathetic nervous system may contribute to excessive hepatic glucose output in Type 2 (non-insulin dependent) diabetes mellitus and could be implicated in the interrelated problem of hypertension. The aim of these studies was to determine whether subjects with Type 2 diabetes had normal sensitivity (compared with age- and weight-matched non-diabetic subjects) to noradrenaline infusion (60 ng.kg-1.min-1 for 60 min) and to compare the responses with oral tyramine administration (800 mg), and psychological stress (using competitive computer games). Noradrenaline infusion caused significantly greater plasma glucose (mean increment 2.1 +/- 0.4 vs 0.6 +/- 0.1 mmol/l, p less than 0.005) and pressor responses (mean systolic increment 21 +/- 3 vs 11 +/- 1 mmHg, p less than 0.02) in the diabetic subjects. The excessive glycaemia was due to increased hepatic glucose output rather than reduced glucose disposal. Tyramine administration caused significantly increased hepatic glucose output and plasma glucose levels, but with similar responses in the diabetic and non-diabetic subjects; the pulse and pressor responses were also similar between the groups. The psychological stressor induced significant increases in pulse, blood pressure and non-esterified fatty acid levels in the combined group of subjects (p less than 0.01) but did not influence plasma glucose levels in either diabetic or non-diabetic subjects. We conclude that pharmacologically-induced sympathetic nervous stimulation can induce hyperglycaemia. Subjects with uncomplicated Type 2 diabetes have increased sensitivity to exogenous noradrenaline but may not hyperrespond to endogenous sympathetic activation.
ACE-inhibition increases hepatic and extrahepatic sensitivity to insulin in patients with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and arterial hypertension.; To assess the effects of ACE-inhibition on insulin action in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus associated with essential hypertension, 12 patients with Type 2 diabetes (on diet and oral hypoglycaemic agents) and arterial hypertension were examined on two occasions, in a single blind, cross-over study after two days of treatment with either captopril or a placebo. The study consisted of a euglycaemic-hyperinsulinaemic clamp (two sequential steps of insulin infusion at the rates of 0.25 mU.kg-1.min-1 and 1 mU.kg-1.min-1, 2 h each step), combined with an infusion of 3-3H-glucose to measure the rate of hepatic glucose production and that of peripheral glucose utilization. The results show that blood pressure was lower after captopril (sitting, systolic 148 +/- 5 mm Hg, diastolic 89 +/- 2 mm Hg) compared to placebo (155 +/- 6 and 94 +/- 2 mm Hg) (p less than 0.05). Captopril treatment resulted in a more suppressed hepatic glucose production (2.7 +/- 0.4 vs 4.94 +/- 0.55 mumol.kg-1.min-1), and a lower plasma non-esterified fatty acid concentration (0.143 +/- 0.05 vs 0.200 +/- 0.05 mmol/l) (captopril vs placebo, p less than 0.05) at the end of the first step of insulin infusion (estimated portal plasma insulin concentration 305 +/- 28 pmol/l); and in a greater glucose utilization (36.5 +/- 5.1 vs 28 +/- 3.6 mumol.kg-1.min-1, p less than 0.001) at the end of the second step of insulin infusion (arterial plasma insulin concentration of 604 +/- 33 pmol/l). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Increased intracellular calcium mobilization in platelets from patients with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Enhanced platelet functions have been reported in patients with diabetes mellitus. Our recent study demonstrated that phosphoinositide turnover is increased in platelets from diabetic patients. In the present study, we evaluated the abnormality in platelet intracellular calcium mobilization in patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus using fura-2, a fluorescent calcium indicator. Washed platelets were prepared from six diabetic patients with increased platelet aggregation rates (DM-A group), seven diabetic patients with normal platelet aggregation rates (DM-B group), and eight age-matched healthy control subjects. The basal intracellular free calcium concentrations in platelets were similar among the three groups. Thrombin (0.025-0.1 U/ml) induced a dose-dependent increase in intracellular calcium in both the presence and the absence of extracellular calcium. This increase in the presence of extracellular calcium, which depends on calcium influx and release, was significantly higher in the DM-A group than in the DM-B and control groups. However, there was no significant difference between the control group and the DM-B group. In the absence of extracellular calcium, thrombin-induced calcium increase, which depends only on calcium release, was also significantly enhanced in the DM-A group. Furthermore, the calcium increase stimulated by platelet-activating factor (10 nmol/l) with and without extracellular calcium was significantly higher in the DM-A group than in the other groups. Additionally, calcium ionophore A23187 (100 nmol/l) caused a significantly higher calcium increase in the DM-A group with extracellular calcium, while the calcium increase without extracellular calcium showed no significant difference among the three groups. These observations suggest that enhanced intracellular calcium mobilization due to increased calcium influx and release may be closely related to platelet hyperfunctions in diabetes mellitus.
Five-year follow-up of islet cell antibodies in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The aim was to study the frequency and appearance of cytoplasmic islet cell antibodies in relation to impairment of insulin secretory capacity and some clinical characteristics in a representative group of middle-aged (45-64 years) patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (70 male, 63 female) at the time of diagnosis and at five-year follow-up. Non-diabetic control subjects (62 male, 82 female) were similarly examined at five-year intervals. At the baseline five out of 133 (3.8%) diabetic patients were positive for conventional and four (3.0%) for complement-fixing islet cell antibodies. Ten patients had become positive by the second screening for conventional antibodies and six for complement-fixing antibodies, but none showed negative conversion. Two non-diabetic subjects (1.5%) became antibody positive during the follow-up. Insulin treatment was started during the follow-up for four out of 15 (27%) conventional antibody positive and for one out of 121 (0.8%) antibody negative diabetic patients (p = 0.001). The sensitivity of the positive conventional and complement-fixing antibody for identifying patients who developed an impairment of insulin secretory capacity (post-glucagon C-peptide less than or equal to 0.60 nmol/l at 5-year) was 75%. The respective specificity was 90% and the positive predictive values were highest in the case of high positivity (50%). The negative predictive value of antibody positivity was close to 100%. In conclusion, islet cell antibody positivity in patients classified as Type 2 was persistent during the follow-up and predicted the future development of insulin deficiency especially in those patients with high or increasing antibody titres.
Non-esterified fatty acids do not contribute to insulin resistance in persons at increased risk of developing type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The mechanisms underlying insulin resistance in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus are not fully understood. An enhanced lipid/non-esterified fatty acid oxidation could provide an explanation. To test this hypothesis we examined the relationship between glucose and lipid metabolism in 44 first-degree relatives (28 glucose-tolerant and 16 glucose-intolerant) of Type 2 diabetic patients and in 18 healthy control subjects. Total body glucose disposal was impaired among both glucose-tolerant and glucose-intolerant relatives compared with control subjects (36.3 +/- 3.8 and 30.4 +/- 2.7 vs 47.7 +/- 3.4 mumol.kgLBM-1. min-1; p less than 0.05). The impairment in glucose disposal among the relatives was primarily accounted for by impaired non-oxidative glucose metabolism (14.8 +/- 3.0 and 12.5 +/- 1.8 vs 25.3 +/- 3.1 mumol.kgLBM-1.min-1; p less than 0.05). Plasma non-esterified fatty acid concentrations were similar in both glucose-tolerant and glucose-intolerant relatives and control subjects (646 +/- 36, 649 +/- 43 and 615 +/- 41 mumol/l) and showed the same degree of suppression by insulin (99 +/- 8, 86 +/- 7 and 84 +/- 9 mumol/l). Basal lipid oxidation was similar in all groups (1.29 +/- 0.09, 1.52 +/- 0.13 and 1.49 +/- 0.21 mumol.kgLBM-1. min-1). Furthermore, insulin suppressed lipid oxidation to the same degree in glucose-tolerant, glucose-intolerant relatives and control subjects (0.65 +/- 0.13, 0.88 +/- 0.15 and 0.59 +/- 0.09 mumol.kgLBM-1.min-1). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Shared genetic susceptibility of type 1 (insulin-dependent) and type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus: contributions of HLA and haptoglobin.; Epidemiologic data suggest that having a parent with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus increases the risk for Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes in siblings of a Type 1 diabetes proband. This increase in risk is consistent with a shared genetic susceptibility between Type 1 diabetes and Type 2 diabetes. We contrast genetic risk factors in three sets of families, consisting of (1) a single Type 1 diabetic child (proband) and non-diabetic parents, (2) multiple Type 1 diabetic siblings and non-diabetic parents, and (3) at least one Type 1 diabetic child and at least one Type 2 diabetic parent. Previous studies have demonstrated that HLA region genes, which elevate the risk in Type 1 diabetes, have no significant effect with respect to the risk for developing Type 2 diabetes. An earlier report cited a contribution by the haptoglobin locus to genetic susceptibility for Type 2 diabetes. We provide evidence that a high risk HLA antigen (HLA-DR3) is decreased to a greater extent in Type 1 patients with a Type 2 parent than in Type 1 patients in which the parents are not diabetic. The role of HLA-DR4 is maintained in these families, with an unexpectedly significant increased rate of transmission of the HLA-DR4 allele from Type 2 parent to Type 1 offspring. The role of haptoglobin in these families does not appear to be important, either with respect to association with diabetes or with respect to linkage with a secondary susceptibility locus. These results indicate that families with a Type 2 parent and Type 1 child, heavily determined by HLA-DR4 linked factors, may represent a homogeneous subset of diabetes susceptibility.
Familial influence on type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus by relatives with either insulin-treated or type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; In 161 patients with Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, the familial influences by first-degree relatives with insulin-treated diabetes mellitus (ITDM), and by first-degree relatives with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus were investigated. A control group consisted of 730 subjects with normal glucose tolerance. Independent odds ratios (adjusted for covariates) for Type 1 diabetes in offspring were 7.0 (p < 0.001) with first-degree ITDM relatives, and 2.5 (p < 0.01) with first-degree Type 2 diabetic relatives. When relatives were separated into parents and siblings, odds ratios for Type 1 diabetes in offspring were higher due to paternal ITDM and paternal Type 2 diabetes, than in cases of maternal diabetes. Siblings with ITDM, but not siblings with Type 2 diabetes, also showed increased odds ratios. Thus, both familial ITDM and familial Type 2 diabetes showed influences in separate ways on the presence of Type 1 diabetes in offspring, indicating separate genetic mechanisms.
Multiple restriction fragment length polymorphisms at the GLUT2 locus: GLUT2 haplotypes for genetic analysis of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The liver/islet glucose transporter (GLUT2) is expressed in the liver and in the Beta cells of pancreatic islets and is a candidate gene for the inherited defect in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. A series of restriction fragment length polymorphisms have been identified using a GLUT2 cDNA probe with five restriction enzymes in a British white Caucasian population. Five independent restriction fragment length polymorphisms detected by restriction enzymes EcoRI (two restriction fragment length polymorphisms termed EcoRI-1, EcoRI-2), TaqI (two restriction fragment length polymorphisms termed TaqI-1, TaqI-2), and BclI (BclI-2) were used to construct GLUT2 haplotypes. Significant linkage disequilibrium was observed between four polymorphic sites EcoRI-2, TaqI-1, TaqI-2 and BclI-2 but linkage disequilibrium was not observed with EcoRI-1 polymorphic site and the other four sites. The frequencies of GLUT2 restriction fragment length polymorphisms and haplotypes in 50 Type 2 diabetic subjects and 50 non-diabetic control subjects show no significant differences suggesting that it is unlikely that there is a single major defect of this gene contributing to the inherited susceptibility to Type 2 diabetes in a Caucasian population.
Association between a restriction fragment length polymorphism at the liver/islet cell (GluT 2) glucose transporter and familial type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and a strong family history of the disease may represent a sub-group where genetic factors play a preeminent role in transmission of the disease. A defect in the liver/islet cell glucose transporter (GluT 2) could explain many of the pathophysiological features of the disease. In order to test the hypothesis that genetic variation at the GluT 2 locus contributes genetic susceptibility to Type 2 diabetes, 60 unrelated Caucasian diabetic patients with at least one affected sibling were genotyped for a Taq 1 restriction fragment length polymorphism marker. Hybridisation with a cDNA GluT 2 probe identified two alleles of sizes 13 kilobase (T1) and 19 kilobase (T2). The allele frequencies in the diabetic group with a family history were significantly different from those in a racially-matched control population of 122 subjects with no personal or family history of the disease (diabetic patients T1 = 0.96, T2 = 0.04, control subjects T1 = 0.89, T2 = 0.11, p less than 0.03). However, when the study was repeated with 54 diabetic patients with indeterminate family history, statistical significance was not reached although the allele frequencies showed a similar trend. The findings of this study support the hypothesis that a genetic variant of the liver/islet cell glucose transporter may contribute to familial susceptibility in Type 2 diabetes.
On the determination of basal glucose production rate in patients with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus using primed-continuous 3-3H-glucose infusion.; UNLABELLED: Using primed-continuous 3-3H-glucose infusion, basal glucose production rate has been reported to be 140% higher than normal or almost normal in hyperglycaemic patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. To determine whether these markedly different results could be due to the mode of priming: fixed or adjusted, or the mode of calculation: steady state or non-steady state equations, we studied 11 patients with Type 2 diabetes (fasting plasma glucose 8-20 mmol/l). For 6 h 3-3H-glucose (0.40 microCi/min) was infused preceded by a priming dose of 40 microCi (fixed priming), or 40 microCi.plasma glucose (mmol/l). 5(-1) (adjusted priming). In diabetic patients the plasma glucose concentration was not constant but declined 0.52 +/- 0.07 mmol.l-1.h-1. Furthermore, the rate of fall was correlated to the fasting plasma glucose concentration (r = 0.90, p less than 0.01). Thus, the fasting state was not a steady state condition. Using adjusted priming a constant tracer steady state level was obtained within 60 min. In contrast, using fixed priming tracer steady state was not reached within 6 h. The initial tracer level was far below, and increased in time towards the steady state level observed after adjusted priming. Consequently, using Steele's equations after fixed priming, glucose production rates calculated after 90-120 min were overestimated in proportion to fasting hyperglycaemia., IN CONCLUSION: The fasting state in patients with Type 2 diabetes is not a steady state condition. Adjusted priming seems most appropriate in Type 2 diabetes.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Increased plasma levels of IgA-IgG immune complexes and anti-F(ab')2 antibodies in patients with type 2 (non insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and microangiopathy.; C3 fixing IgA immune complexes were found to be elevated in 25% of patients with type 2 (non insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus as compared to healthy subjects (2%). Immune complexes containing both IgA and IgG were found in 42% of the diabetic population but not in controls. The presence of C3-IgA and/or IgA/IgG immune complexes correlated with the occurrence of antiglobulins antibodies of IgA class in particular with autoantibodies reactive with the Fab2 portion of IgG. These immunopathological findings were more frequent in patients that exhibited microvascular complications and in particular in patients with proliferative retinopathy. These and our previous results strongly suggest a role of IgA system abnormality in the pathogenesis of diabetic vascular complications.
Genetic studies of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus: lack of association with seven genetic markers.; Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, a disease of complex aetiology, has been reported to be nonrandomly associated with several polymorphic markers in human populations. These data, plus evidence of a high prevalence of Type 2 diabetes mellitus in American Indians and mixed populations, such as Mexican-Americans, which is only partially attributable to the prevalence of obesity in these populations, makes it imperative that the nature of such associations be clarified in relation to genetic susceptibility to Type 2 diabetes mellitus. The present paper reports the results of tests of association between Type 2 diabetes mellitus and seven polymorphic markers: the blood groups - ABO, Rhesus, Duffy and Kell (K and KP) - haptoglobin and group specific component; among Anglo and Hispanic populations in the San Luis Valley of Colorado, USA. The sample population consisted of 788 individuals of which 398 were Anglo subjects (97 Types 2 diabetes mellitus patients and 301 normal individuals) and 390 Hispanic subjects (191 Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients and 199 normal individuals). Association between Type 2 diabetes mellitus and genetic markers in patients was tested using the G2 statistic within each ethnic class using normal frequencies as a comparison. Results of the tests indicated that only the Kell blood group was significantly associated with Type 2 diabetes mellitus at a 5% level among the Anglo subjects (G2 = 5.16, 1df). This significant value can be explained by chance alone, if multiple comparisons are taken into account. Our tests have not shown the previously reported haptoglobin or Rhesus blood group associations seen in Mexican-Americans in San Antonio, Texas.
Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, migration and westernisation: the Tokelau Island Migrant Study.; The migration of Tokelauans from a traditional atoll in the Pacific to urban New Zealand is associated with an increased prevalence and incidence of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus over the period 1968-1982. During the same period, a lesser but definite increase is seen among non-migrants in Tokelau. The age standardised prevalence rates rose from 7.5 and 11.7 to 10.8 and 19.9 per 100 respectively in the male and female migrants compared with an increase from 3.0 and 8.7 to 7.0 and 14.3 per 100 in the non-migrant males and females respectively. The incidence of diabetes is shown to be consistently higher in the migrants compared to the non-migrants giving relative risks of 1.5 in males and 1.9 in females. The factors most likely contributing to this difference, are changes to a higher calorie, high protein diet, higher alcohol consumption, a greater weight gain and altered levels of physical activity in the migrants. A number of populations in the Pacific have been shown to have a low rate of diabetes in their traditional setting, but may have a genetic predisposition for diabetes which responds to factors in the urban industrialised environment and life-style. The social and economic changes taking place in Tokelau are also clearly increasing the risk of diabetes. To reverse these trends and prevent the development of complications of Type 2 diabetes, it will be important to institute preventive programmes and to follow up the population in both environments for long-term outcomes, including mortality.
Gastric and oesophageal emptying in patients with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Gastric emptying of a digestible solid and liquid meal and oesophageal emptying of a solid bolus were measured with scintigraphic techniques in 20 randomly selected Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients receiving oral hypoglycaemic therapy and 20 control subjects. In the diabetic patients, the relationships between oesophageal emptying, gastric emptying, gastrointestinal symptoms, autonomic nerve function and glycaemic control were examined. The percentage of the solid meal remaining in the stomach at 100 min (p less than 0.001), the 50% gastric emptying time for the liquid meal (p less than 0.05) and oesophageal emptying (p less than 0.05) were slower in the diabetic patients compared to the control subjects. Scores for upper gastrointestinal symptoms and autonomic nerve dysfunction did not correlate significantly (p greater than 0.05) with oesophageal, or gastric emptying. The 50% gastric emptying time for the liquid meal was positively related (r = 0.58, p less than 0.01) to the plasma glucose concentration at the time of the performance of the gastric emptying test and the lag period, before any solid food emptied from the stomach, was longer (p less than 0.05) in subjects with plasma glucose concentrations during the gastric emptying measurement greater than the median, compared to those with glucose concentrations below the median. These results indicate that delayed gastric and oesophageal emptying occur frequently in Type 2 diabetes mellitus and that delayed gastric emptying relates, at least in part, to plasma glucose concentrations.
Detection of anti-phospholipid (cardiolipin, phosphatidylserine) antibodies in the serum of patients with non insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus and macroangiopathy. Coexistence of anti-platelet reactivity.; IgA and IgG antibodies against cardiolipin and/or phosphatidylserine were detected in the sera of patients with non insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus. The highest prevalence was observed in particular in patients with macrovascular complications (86%). A significant increase of platelet bound IgA and IgG was observed also in patients with sera positive for anti-phospholipid antibodies suggesting the coexistence of reactivity against phospholipid and platelets. Several reports have focused on a new clinical entity characterized by the presence of anti-phospholipid and by a tendency to venous and arterial thrombosis. In addition to their acute thrombogenic effects, we suggest that anti-phospholipid antibodies may play a role in the impairment of the thromboresistant property of vascular endothelium and in the enhancement of platelet aggregation leading to the pathogenesis and/or progression of the macrovascular diabetic complications.
The Swedish childhood diabetes study--results from a nine year case register and a one year case-referent study indicating that type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus is associated with both type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and autoimmune disorders.; From July 1, 1977 to July 1, 1986, 3,503 incident cases of Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus were registered in the Swedish childhood diabetes study. Using data from this register and from a case-referent study, including all incident Type 1 diabetic children in Sweden during one year and, for each patient, two referent children matched according to age, sex and county, we have studied the associations between Type 1 diabetes and familial Type 1 and Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes, thyroid, adrenal, allergic, rheumatic, heart and bowel disease. The mean annual incidence per 100,000 during the nine year period was 25.1 for boys and 23.5 for girls. In 8.5% of the patients, one parent had Type 1 diabetes, 73% of whom were fathers. Fifty-six of the patients (1.7%) had a parent with Type 2 diabetes. The prevalence of parental Type 1 diabetes tended to be higher in patients with younger age at onset; whereas, the opposite was found for patients with parental Type 2 diabetes. In the case-referent study, the age-adjusted odds ratio for Type 1 diabetes when a first and/or second degree relative had Type 1 diabetes was 5.5 (95% confidence limits 4.0-7.7), and in accordance with the findings of the case register, the odds ratio tended to be highest in patients with the youngest age at onset. Season at onset of the patients was not associated with parental Type 1 diabetes. The odds ratio for Type 1 diabetes was significantly increased 3.3 (95% confidence limits: 2.3-4.6) when Type 2 diabetes was reported in relatives (three generations). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The plasma C-peptide and insulin responses to stimulation with intravenous glucagon and a mixed meal in well-controlled type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus: dependency on acutely established hyperglycaemia.; The dose-response relationships between acutely established hyperglycaemia and the plasma C-peptide and insulin responses to i.v. stimulation with 1 mg of glucagon and a standard mixed meal were investigated in 10 patients with well-controlled Type 2 (non-insulin dependent) diabetes mellitus. Hyperglycaemia was maintained for 90 min before stimulation using a hyperglycaemic clamp technique. Each test was performed on different steady state blood glucose levels of approximately 6 mmol/l, approximately 12 mmol/l, and approximately 20 mmol/l, respectively. The plasma C-peptide and insulin responses after glucagon and the meal were potentiated markedly at each level of prestimulatory hyperglycaemia. After glucagon injection, the relative glucose potentiation of the insulin response was significantly higher than the relative glucose potentiation of the C-peptide response at each level of hyperglycaemia (p less than 0.01). This difference may be explained by a higher fractional hepatic removal of insulin at normoglycaemia, since the molar ratio between the incremental C-peptide and insulin responses after glucagon stimulation was higher at prestimulatory normoglycaemia (4.85 (3.65-12.05] than at the prestimulatory blood glucose concentrations approximately 12 mmol/l (2.41 (2.05-4.09] (p less than 0.01) and approximately 20 mmol/l (2.24 (1.37-3.62] (p less than 0.01). In conclusion, the islet B-cell responses to glucagon and a standard mixed meal are potentiated to a high degree by acutely established prestimulatory hyperglycaemia in patients with well-controlled Type 2 diabetes. Acute prestimulatory hyperglycaemia is also associated with a markedly reduced incremental C-peptide/insulin ratio after glucagon stimulation in such patients.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Albuminuria in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance in Pima Indians.; The prevalence of abnormal urinary albumin excretion, defined by a urine albumin to creatinine ratio greater than or equal to 30 mg/g (approximately equivalent to an albumin excretion rate of greater than or equal to 30 mg/24 h), was determined in 2728 Pima Indians aged greater than or equal to 15 years from the Gila River Indian Community in Arizona, a population with a high prevalence of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Excessive albumin excretion was present in 8% of subjects with normal glucose tolerance, 15% of those with impaired glucose tolerance, and 47% of subjects with diabetes. The intermediate prevalence of abnormal albuminuria in those with impaired glucose tolerance suggests that hyperglycaemia even at levels below those diagnostic of diabetes is associated with renal abnormalities in some subjects and that these abnormalities may precede the onset of diabetes. Abnormal albuminuria at levels not reliably detected by the usual dipstick methods was commonly observed in Pima Indians with diabetes, even those with diabetes of recent onset. Associations were found with age, duration of diabetes, level of glycaemia, blood pressure, and treatment with insulin.
Incidence of end-stage renal disease in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in Pima Indians.; The incidence of end-stage renal disease was determined in the Pima Indians of the Gila River Indian Community in Arizona, a population with a high prevalence of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Between 1975 and 1986, from a study population of 5059 subjects, end-stage renal disease occurred in 80 persons, 76 (95%) of whom had Type 2 diabetes. A review of the cases with end-stage renal disease indicated that among the diabetic subjects only two cases could be attributed to nondiabetic renal disease; all other cases were attributable to diabetic nephropathy. In diabetic Pima Indians the incidence rate of end-stage renal disease did not change during the study period, was similar in men and women, and was not effected by age at diagnosis of diabetes or by attained age, but did increase significantly with hypertension (p less than 0.05). The incidence of end-stage renal disease attributed to diabetic nephropathy increased from 0 cases/1000 person-years at 0-5 years to 40.8 cases/1000 person-years at greater than or equal to 20 years duration of diabetes. In these subjects with Type 2 diabetes, the incidence rate of end-stage renal disease was similar to that in subjects with Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes who were followed at the Joslin Clinic in Boston, Massachusetts when those with similar duration of diabetes were compared.
Risk factors for type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Thirteen and one-half years of follow-up of the participants in a study of Swedish men born in 1913.; This report presents data on antecedents of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in a homogeneous sample of randomly selected 54-year-old men from an urban Swedish population with a diabetes incidence of 6.1% during 13.5 years of follow-up. The increased risk leading to diabetes for those in the top quintile compared to the lowest quintile of the distribution of statistically significant risk factors were: body mass index = 21.7, triglycerides = 13.5, waist-to-hip circumference ratio = 9.6, diastolic blood pressure = 6.7, uric acid = 5.8, glutamic pyruvic transaminase = 3.9, bilirubin = 3.2, blood glucose = 2.7, lactate = 2.4 and glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase = 2.0. Those with a positive family history of diabetes had 2.4-fold higher risk for developing diabetes than those without such a history. In a multivariate analysis glutamic pyruvic transaminase, blood glucose, body mass index, bilirubin, systolic blood pressure, uric acid and a family history of diabetes were all significantly associated with the development of diabetes. Our study demonstrates the great importance of adiposity and body fat distribution for the risk of diabetes. A number of established risk factors for coronary heart disease are risk factors for diabetes as well. Disturbed liver function and increased levels of lactate are early risk factors for diabetes - presumably indicators of the presence of impaired glucose tolerance and/or hyperinsulinaemia.
Effect of alpha 2-adrenoceptor antagonist on platelet activation during insulin-induced hypoglycaemia in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The role of epinephrine in platelet activation and the effect of an alpha 2-adrenoceptor antagonist, midaglizole, during insulin-induced hypoglycaemia in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus were examined. The action of midaglizole as a platelet alpha 2-antagonist was confirmed by in vitro studies using platelet-rich plasma and washed platelet suspension. Hypoglycaemia was induced by a bolus injection of short-acting insulin in 24 diabetic patients. They were divided into two groups, a control group (n = 12) and an alpha 2-group (n = 12), and midaglizole was administered orally 60 min before insulin injection in the latter. Blood glucose and plasma C-peptide levels were significantly decreased (p less than 0.005) by insulin injection in both groups. Counter-regulatory hormones, including epinephrine, and arginine vasopressin were similarly increased at the hypoglycaemic nadir compared with the levels at 0 min in both groups. Plasma beta-thromboglobulin was increased at the hypoglycaemic nadir (165.5 +/- 12.6 ng/ml) compared with the level at 0 min (121.0 +/- 11.5, p less than 0.005) in the control group, whereas no significant increase was demonstrated in the alpha 2-group. These results suggest that plasma epinephrine plays an important role in platelet activation during hypoglycaemia in Type 2 diabetes mellitus, and that the platelet activation is prevented by alpha 2-adrenoceptor antagonist.
Serum proinsulin levels at fasting and after oral glucose load in patients with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; A simple and sensitive human proinsulin radioimmunoassay system was developed using guinea pig anti-proinsulin serum, which cross-reacted neither with human insulin nor C-peptide. The recognition site of the antiserum seems to be located near the junction between the B chain and C-peptide. With this assay system, we studied the serum proinsulin concentration at fasting and after an oral 100 g glucose load in 25 healthy subjects, 21 subjects with impaired glucose tolerance and 40 patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. At fasting, serum proinsulin was 5.8 +/- 3.3 pmol/l in normal subjects as compared to 9.5 +/- 6.9 pmol/l (p less than 0.05) in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance and 12.6 +/- 7.5 pmol/l (p less than 0.001) in diabetic patients. The molar ratio of proinsulin to insulin was also increased in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance or diabetes compared to control subjects. After a 100 g oral glucose load, serum proinsulin increased more slowly than insulin. The proinsulin response after an oral glucose load was augmented in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes, while the insulin response decreased with the elevation of fasting plasma glucose. Diabetic patients with high fasting plasma glucose had a very poor insulin response, but the proinsulin response was similar to control subjects. There was a linear correlation between summed proinsulin values and summed insulin values, but the slope of the regression line was steeper in diabetic patients than in control subjects. There was a relative increase in serum proinsulin both in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance and diabetic patients.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Effect of growth hormone releasing hormone on growth hormone secretion in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Growth hormone levels following an intravenous bolus injection of 1 micrograms/kg body weight growth hormone releasing hormone were measured in 21 non-obese and 26 obese patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and in 13 control subjects. Growth hormone responses in non-obese Type 2 diabetic patients were not statistically different from control subjects. However, obese Type 2 diabetic patients had significantly decreased growth hormone responses to growth hormone releasing hormone when compared with non-obese Type 2 diabetic patients (p less than 0.02). In 9 Type 2 diabetic patients growth hormone releasing hormone tests were performed both during hyperglycaemia and after metabolic improvement by insulin treatment. Growth hormone responses before and after insulin treatment were not statistically different. Our data demonstrate that growth hormone responses to growth hormone releasing hormone in non-obese Type 2 diabetic patients do not differ significantly from control subjects; obesity blunts growth hormone responses to growth hormone releasing hormone in Type 2 diabetes mellitus; and growth hormone responses following growth hormone releasing hormone administration in Type 2 diabetes mellitus are not influenced by the state of metabolic control.
Altered action of glucagon on human liver in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Glucagon may play a role in the metabolic derangements of overt Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. We therefore have evaluated the early steps in glucagon action by investigating the hormone-sensitive adenylyl cyclase system in liver membranes from seven Type 2 diabetic patients with fasting hyperglycaemia and two-fold elevations in plasma glucagon. The comparison was made with seven control subjects matched for age, sex and body weight. Glucagon receptor binding was almost identical in the two groups. There were, however, marked alterations in the adenylyl cyclase activity in membranes from the diabetic patients. This activity was reduced by 35-50% when compared to control activity. Basal cyclase activity, as well as the activity after stimulation with glucagon or with agents (i.e., sodium fluoride and forskolin) that act beyond the glucagon receptor, was significantly decreased (p less than 0.05, p less than 0.001 respectively). In conclusion, uncontrolled Type 2 diabetes in associated with an over-all loss of responsiveness of the hormone-sensitive adenylyl cyclase in human liver, which apparently results from post-receptor alterations. This change may provide a mechanism for reducing the effect of hyperglycagonaemia in Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Heterogeneity of insulin responses: phases leading to type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in the rhesus monkey.; To determine the natural history of the development of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, basal plasma insulin and glucose levels and responses to intravenous glucose tolerance tests were determined over a period of 6 years in 42 adult male rhesus monkeys (Macaca mulatta). Among the 28 obese monkeys (percent body fat greater than 22%) over the age of 10 years, 9 developed overt Type 2 diabetes (fasting plasma glucose, greater than 7.8 mmol/l, and reduced glucose disappearance rates, KG less than 1.5), and 14 monkeys have shown progressive changes which suggest that they may also become diabetic. Application of a highly constant antecedent diet and a consistent 16-h fast minimized experimental variability, and permitted the identification of 8 phases in the progression from normal lean young adult to overt Type 2 diabetes. The earliest changes which could be detected were a slight increase followed by a progressive rise in fasting plasma insulin levels and an increased insulin secretion in response to a glucose stimulus. These events preceded by several years the onset of a gradual deterioration of glucose tolerance. We found that hyper-, normo-, or hypoinsulinaemia could be associated with normoglycaemia or varying degrees of hyperglycaemia; however, the prospective longitudinal study of individual monkeys clearly identified this apparent heterogeneity of plasma insulin and glucose levels as reflecting sequential changes in a continuum of events preceding or accompanying the development of impaired glucose tolerance and Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Acute metabolic and hormonal responses to the inhibition of lipolysis in non-obese patients with non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus: effects of acipimox.; 1. Increased rates of fatty acid oxidation are frequently observed in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and may contribute to hyperglycaemia by both decreasing peripheral glucose disposal and, more importantly, by increasing the rate of gluconeogenesis and therefore hepatic glucose output. Despite this relationship between lipid and carbohydrate metabolism, fasting glucose concentrations do not fall acutely in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus when plasma non-esterified fatty acid concentrations and lipid oxidation rates are decreased, questioning the importance of this interaction to glycaemic control. We have therefore measured the acute changes that occur 120-150 min after administration of 500 mg of the antilipolytic agent acipimox in eight non-obese male patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. 2. After administration of acipimox, lipolysis was inhibited as reflected by lower plasma non-esterified fatty acid (0.05 +/- 0.02 versus 0.55 +/- 0.05 mmol/l, P less than 0.001) and blood glycerol (8 +/- 1 versus 56 +/- 8 mumol/l, P less than 0.001) concentrations. The lipid oxidation rate was decreased (0.63 +/- 0.05 versus 1.02 +/- 0.08 mg min-1 kg-1, P less than 0.001), whereas there was a significant increase in the carbohydrate oxidation rate (1.93 +/- 0.17 versus 1.22 +/- 0.18 mg min-1 kg-1, P = 0.02). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Preferential alteration of oxidative relative to total glycolysis in pancreatic islets of two rat models of inherited or acquired type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; In islets from both adult rats injected with streptozotocin during the neonatal period and spontaneously diabetic rats obtained by repeated selective breedings (GK rats), the ratio between D-[3,4-14C]glucose oxidation and D-[5-3H]glucose conversion to 3HOH was 25% lower than in islets from control rats, indicating an impaired contribution of oxidative to total glycolysis. No primary defect in the Krebs cycle was found in the islets of diabetic rats, as judged from the ratio between either D-[2-14C]glucose or D-[6-14C]glucose and D-[3,4-14C]glucose oxidation. Therefore, we propose that a preferential alteration of oxidative glycolysis in the pancreatic beta cell may contribute to the impairment of glucose-induced insulin release not only in a cytotoxic but also in a spontaneous model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Human glucokinase gene: isolation, characterization, and identification of two missense mutations linked to early-onset non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus.; DNA polymorphisms in the glucokinase gene have recently been shown to be tightly linked to early-onset non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in approximately 80% of French families with this form of diabetes. We previously identified a nonsense mutation in exon 7 in one of these families and showed that it was the likely cause of glucose intolerance in this dominantly inherited disorder. Here we report the isolation and partial sequence of the human glucokinase gene and the identification of two missense mutations in exon 7, Thr-228----Met and Gly-261----Arg, that cosegregate with early-onset non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. To assess the molecular mechanism by which mutations at these two sites may affect glucokinase activity, the crystal structure of the related yeast hexokinase B was used as a simple model for human beta-cell glucokinase. Computer-assisted modeling suggests that mutation of Thr-228 affects affinity for ATP and mutation of Gly-261 may alter glucose binding. The identification of mutations in glucokinase, a protein that plays an important role in hepatic and beta-cell glucose metabolism, indicates that early-onset non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus may be primarily a disorder of carbohydrate metabolism.
Collagen binding activity in sera of patients with insulin-dependent (type 1) and non insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus.; An increase in the capacity of serum IgG to bind to native type IV collagen was observed in patients with both insulin-dependent and non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. This increased binding seems to be due to circulating immune complexes in the majority of the cases and to autoantibodies in some. The increased collagen binding activity was associated in postpubertal patients with the presence of diabetic microangiopathy, suggesting a pathogenetic role.
The adiponectin gene SNP+45 is associated with coronary artery disease in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The ACRP30/adiponectin gene on chromosome 3q27, a region linked to the metabolic syndrome, encodes for the abundant adipocyte-specific secreted protein. Consistent rodent and human studies suggested that this adipokine may be a molecular link between metabolic and cardiovascular diseases., AIMS: In order to investigate the role of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) within the APM1 gene in the susceptibility to coronary artery disease (CAD), we performed a case-control study on Caucasian Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients, a population at high-risk for CAD., METHODS: Five APM1 SNPs were genotyped in 162 Type 2 diabetic French and Swiss subjects with CAD and in 315 Type 2 diabetic French and Swiss subjects without CAD., RESULTS: In univariate analysis, SNP+45 T>G was associated with CAD (OR 1.9 95% CI 1.2-2.9 P = 0.0036). In multivariate analysis, SNP+45 T>G remained associated with CAD (OR 1.2 95% CI 0.8-1.9 P = 0.017), independently of classical cardiovascular risk factors including components of the metabolic syndrome. SNP haplotype analyses revealed a CAD protective combination of all SNP wild-type alleles (OR 0.5 95% CI 0.3-0.7 P = 0.0006)., CONCLUSIONS: Our study, performed in diabetic subjects, revealed an association between individual SNP+45 in the APM1 gene and CAD. Furthermore, the susceptibility for CAD due to SNP+45 was independent of classic cardiovascular risk factors. Further studies will be necessary to confirm the role of SNP+45 in the development of CAD. However, ACRP30/adiponectin may contribute to atherosclerosis susceptibility in high-risk populations such as Type 2 diabetic subjects.
Genetic contribution of polymorphism of the GLUT1 and GLUT4 genes to the susceptibility to type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in different populations.; Polymorphic variation of genes encoding the glucose transporters glycoproteins (GLUT) may contribute to the genetic susceptibility to type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes. In this study we evaluated the allele and genotype frequencies of GLUT1 and GLUT4 restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP), revealed by digestion with XbaI for GLUT1 and KpnI for GLUT4, in Caucasian, Chinese, Japanese, Asian Indian and American black populations. No differences of the KpnI GLUT 4 RFLP were found between control and diabetic subjects in any ethnic group or when all data are combined. In contrast, positive results were found for the XbaI RFLP: (1) most ethnic groups showed an association of allele 1 with type 2 diabetes, and this association was maintained when all groups were analysed together; (2) after stratifying for sex and obesity, this association was significant only for overweight/obese women. This joint analysis suggests that GLUT1 polymorphism may contribute to susceptibility to type 2 diabetes in some populations, and especially in overweight/obese women.
Glomerular filtration rate and kidney size in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The objective of the present study was to estimate glomerular filtration rate and kidney size in recently diagnosed and long-term type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic subjects. The study design comprised of a population-based controlled cross-sectional survey of middle-aged type 2 diabetic subjects in the City of Tampere, Southwest Finland. One hundred and fifty consecutive recently diagnosed and 146 long-term middle-aged type 2 diabetic subjects with a disease duration of at least five years and one hundred and fifty age- and sex-matched (to recent diabetic subjects) non-diabetic control subjects were recruited. The glomerular filtration rate by single-shot 51Cr-EDTA clearance and kidney size by native X-ray tomography were measured. The glomerular filtration rate (ml/min/1.73 m2) was increased in both recently diagnosed (males 121 [27] and females 112 [27]) and long-term (males 123 [24] and females 102 [36]) diabetic subjects (corrected for age) compared to control subjects (males 111 [26] and females 93 [17]). The kidney areas (cm2) were greater in both recent diabetic (males 116.6 [15.4] and females 99.1 [15.3] and long-term diabetic (males 118.3 [15.8] and females 100.4 [15.2]) subjects than in the control group (males 104.3 [12.0] and females 88.6 [12.0]). All differences between diabetic subjects and non-diabetic subjects were statistically significant (p < 0.05), except that between long-term diabetic and non-diabetic females for glomerular filtration rate (p = 0.07). Analyzed by linear regression glomerular filtration rate was related to kidney area in all study groups and to hemoglobin A1c in long-term diabetic males.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
UK Prospective Diabetes Study (UKPDS). IX: Relationships of urinary albumin and N-acetylglucosaminidase to glycaemia and hypertension at diagnosis of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and after 3 months diet therapy.; In 672 newly-diagnosed, Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients without urinary infection, aged 51 (9) years, mean (1 SD), 28% of patients had raised albuminuria, defined as albumin excretion greater than 25 mg/l and 66% raised urinary N-acetylglucosaminidase excretion defined as greater than 300 mumol.h-1.l-1 (both urinary analytes corrected by linear regression on urinary creatinine to 10 mmol/1). In a univariate analysis, urinary N-acetylglucosaminidase and albumin excretion correlated with each other (rs = 0.42, p < 0.001), and with fasting plasma glucose (rs = 0.46 and rs = 0.27, p < 0.001, respectively). The association of urinary albumin and N-acetylglucosaminidase remained significant after taking the fasting plasma glucose levels into account, partial rs = 0.34, p < 0.001. After 3 months of dietary therapy BMI decreased from 29.7 (5.9) kg/m2 to 28.8 (5.8) kg/m2, fasting plasma glucose levels from 12.2 (3.8) mmol/l to 9.8 (3.8) mmol/l, and systolic blood pressure from 143 (21.8) mmHg to 131 (20.3) mmHg, p < 0.001 for each variable. There were concomitant decreases in urinary N-acetylglucosaminidase, geometric mean (1 SD interval), 397 mumol.h-1.l-1 (216 to 728) to 291 mumol.h-1.l-1 (160 to 528), p < 0.001 and in albumin excretion 16 mg/l (5 to 51) to 13 mg/l (4 to 40), p < 0.001. The decrease in urinary N-acetylglucosaminidase, but not the decrease in urinary albumin excretion, was associated with the initial degree of glycaemia and the decrease in glycaemia in response to diet.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Impact of initial treatment on renal function in newly-diagnosed type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The impact of improved glycaemic control on renal function in newly-presenting Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients has not been adequately researched. Consequently, glomerular filtration rate and effective renal plasma flow and urinary albumin excretion rates were determined in 76 subjects (age (mean (SD)): 54 (9.5) years; 50 male) of an original cohort of 110 newly-presenting normotensive non-proteinuric Type 2 diabetic patients following 6 months treatment with diet alone (n = 42) or with oral hypoglycaemic agents (n = 34). Significant reductions were observed in (presentation vs 6 months): body mass index (p < 0.001); fasting plasma glucose (p < 0.001); glycated haemoglobin (HbA1) (p < 0.001); systolic blood pressure (p < 0.01); and diastolic blood pressure (p < 0.001). Glomerular filtration rate declined from 117 (22) to 112 (21) ml.min-1 (p < 0.01), with unchanged effective renal plasma flow (534 (123) vs 523 (113) ml.min-1) and filtration fraction (22.4 (3.0) vs 21.8 (3.4)%). Albumin excretion rate (median (range)) declined from 1.1 (0.1-34.7) to 0.5 (0.1-29.9) micrograms.min-1 (p < 0.01). Changes in glomerular filtration rate (delta values) were inversely correlated with presentation values (p < 0.001), and positive relationships were observed with delta effective renal plasma flow (p < 0.01), and delta glycated haemoglobin (p < 0.05). Type 2 diabetic patients with glomerular filtration rate values at presentation over 120 ml.min-1 demonstrated significant reduction in glomerular filtration rate (n = 31; p < 0.001), whilst those with original values less than 120 ml.min-1 remained unchanged (n = 45). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Glomerulosclerosis in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus: relationship to glycaemia in the University Group Diabetes Program (UGDP).; Kidney tissue of acceptable quality was available from autopsies of 55 patients who had been followed prospectively for 3 to 15 years as participants in the University Group Diabetes Program, a study of vascular disease in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients. Slides were prepared for light microscopic reading by uniform histologic techniques, and then were randomly intermixed and coded with tissues identically prepared from matched non-diabetic subjects (morphologic controls). After independent review by three morphologists, the results were tabulated and assigned to one of four diagnostic groups: 1) typical diabetic nodular glomerulosclerosis; 2) mesangial changes suggestive of diabetes (diffuse lesion); 3) non-diabetic renal disease; 4) normal for age. Of the diabetic cases 31% (17 of 55) were found to show nodular glomerulosclerosis, and another 47% (26 of 55) showed suggestive changes; none of the morphologic control slides was read as showing nodular glomerulosclerosis, but some were judged to show suggestive mesangial (diffuse) changes. Although only 4 of the 17 diabetic patients with nodules had died of uraemia, many had hypertension, which may have contributed to their deaths from vascular disease. The patients with nodular glomerular changes also showed, on the average, the highest blood glucose levels during life. Type 2 diabetes in later life appears to be associated with a high risk for typical tissue changes of diabetic kidney damage, which may contribute significantly to morbidity and mortality and may be present before azotaemia and qualitative proteinuria have been recognized.
Subclinical diabetic neuropathy: similarities between electrophysiological results of patients with type 1 (insulin-dependent) and type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Type 1 (insulin-dependent) and Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients share many clinical and biochemical characteristics. However, sural nerve biopsies from patients with advanced and chronic neuropathy show ultrastructural differences between these two groups. We investigated whether at a subclinical stage of the illness, when Type 1 and Type 2 diabetic patients are clinically uniform and the histopathological nerve alterations are not advanced, comparison between the two diabetes groups might show differences in nerve fibre involvement related to the different pathogeneses of the neuropathies. A total of 88 diabetic patients (52 Type 1 and 36 Type 2), with a subclinical form of polyneuropathy were selected. The clinical neurophysiological examination consisted of motor and sensory nerve conduction studies, Hoffmann (H)-reflex, single fibre electromyography and static as well as dynamic pupillometry. With regard to clinical neurophysiological abnormalities, the severity of the polyneuropathy appeared to be equal in both groups. Despite the absence of clinical symptoms the neurophysiological abnormalities were pronounced and it was impossible to differentiate Type 1 diabetic patients from Type 2 diabetic patients on a clinical neurophysiology basis when correcting for differences in age, height, and duration of illness. In the Type 1 diabetic group as well as in the Type 2 diabetic group the autonomic nerve fibres and nerves in the legs were more frequently affected than the thick myelinated nerves in the arms. These findings do not support the assumption that there is a difference in the manifestation of polyneuropathy between Type 1 and Type 2 diabetic patients.
Factors associated with basal metabolic rate in patients with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; To examine determinants of basal metabolic rate we studied 66 Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic and 24 healthy age- and weight-matched control subjects with indirect calorimetry and infusion of [3H-3-] glucose. Eight Type 2 diabetic patients were re-studied after a period of insulin therapy. Basal metabolic rate was higher in Type 2 diabetic patients than in control subjects (102.8 +/- 1.9 J.kg LBM-1.min-1 vs 90.7 +/- 2.8 J.kg LBM-1.min-1; p less than 0.01) and decreased significantly with insulin therapy (p less than 0.01). The basal rate of hepatic glucose production was higher in Type 2 diabetic patients than in control subjects (1044.0 +/- 29.9 vs 789.3 +/- 41.7 mumol/min; p less than 0.001) and decreased after insulin therapy (p less than 0.01). Hepatic glucose production correlated positively with basal metabolic rate both in Type 2 diabetic patients (r = 0.49; p less than 0.001) and in control subjects (r = 0.50; p less than 0.05). Lipid oxidation was increased in Type 2 diabetic patients compared with control subjects (1.68 +/- 0.05 vs 1.37 +/- 0.08 mumol.kg LBM-1.min-1; p less than 0.01) and decreased significantly after insulin therapy (p less than 0.05). The rate of lipid oxidation correlated positively with basal metabolic rate both in Type 2 diabetic patients (r = 0.36; p less than 0.01) and in control subjects (r = 0.51; p less than 0.01). These data demonstrate that basal metabolic rate, rates of hepatic glucose production and lipid oxidation are interrelated in Type 2 diabetic patients.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Modulation of hepatic glucose production by non-esterified fatty acids in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; To study the effect of changes in plasma non-esterified fatty acid concentration on suppression of hepatic glucose production by insulin eight Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients participated in three euglycaemic, hyperinsulinaemic (108pmol.m2-1.min-1) clamp studies combined with indirect calorimetry and infusion of [3-3H]-glucose and [1-14C]palmitate; (1) a control experiment with infusion of NaCl 154 mmol/l, (2) heparin was infused together with insulin, and (3) an antilipolytic agent, Acipimox, was administered at the beginning of the experiment. Six healthy volunteers participated in the control experiment. Plasma non-esterified fatty acid concentrations during the insulin clamp were in diabetic patients: (1) 151 +/- 36 mumol/l, (2) 949 +/- 178 mumol/l, and (3) 65 +/- 9 mumol/l; in healthy control subjects 93 +/- 13 mumol/l. Non-esterified fatty acid transport rate, oxidation and non-oxidative metabolism were significantly higher during the heparin than during the Acipimox experiment (p less than 0.001). Suppression of hepatic glucose production by insulin was impaired in the diabetic compared to control subjects (255 +/- 42 vs 51 +/- 29 mumol/min, p less than 0.01). Infusion of heparin did not affect the suppression of hepatic glucose production by insulin (231 +/- 49 mumol/min), whereas Acipimox significantly enhanced the suppression (21 +/- 53 mumol/min, p less than 0.001 vs 154 mmol/l NaCl experiment). We conclude that insulin-mediated suppression of hepatic glucose production is not affected by increased non-esterified fatty acid availability. In contrast, decreased non-esterified fatty acid availability enhances the suppression of hepatic glucose production by insulin.
Familial predisposition to renal disease in two generations of Pima Indians with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; We studied the occurrence of renal disease by measuring serum creatinine and urine protein concentrations in the diabetic members of 316 Pima Indian families with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes in two successive generations to determine if diabetic renal disease aggregates in families. After adjustment for sex and other risk factors, proteinuria occurred among 14.3% of the diabetic offspring if neither parent had proteinuria, 22.9% if at least one diabetic parent had proteinuria, and 45.9% if both parents had diabetes and proteinuria. Among male offspring, an elevated serum creatinine concentration (greater than or equal to 177 mumol/l) was present in 11.7% if the parent had an elevated creatinine and in 1.5% if the parent did not. Thus, proteinuria and high serum creatinine aggregated in diabetic families, suggesting that susceptibility to renal disease is inherited independently of diabetes.
Different effects of insulin and oral antidiabetic agents on glucose and energy metabolism in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Which therapy should be used in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients with "secondary sulfonylurea failure", insulin or a combination of sulfonylurea and metformin? To address this question, we have compared the effect of 6 months of insulin therapy twice daily with that of a combination of glibenclamide and metformin in 24 Type 2 diabetic subjects, who no longer responded to treatment with sulfonylureas. Both treatments resulted in an equivalent 30% improvement in mean daily blood glucose (p less than 0.001), without significant effect on serum lipids. Insulin improved glycaemic control primarily by reducing basal hepatic glucose production (p less than 0.05), but had no significant effect on peripheral glucose metabolism. The combination of glibenclamide and metformin enhanced significantly total body glucose metabolism (p less than 0.05), predominantly by stimulating the non-oxidative pathway. Neither insulin nor the combination therapy altered B-cell response to a test meal. Insulin therapy resulted in a 6% increase in body weight, 63% of which was accounted for by increased fat mass. Although body weight was unchanged during sulfonylurea/metformin therapy, lean body mass and energy expenditure decreased significantly (p less than 0.05). We conclude that insulin and glibenclamide/metformin have different long-term effects on glucose and energy metabolism in Type 2 diabetes.
Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease--putative association via common antecedents; further evidence from the Whitehall Study.; Fifteen year mortality rates are reported for men participating in the Whitehall Study in 1968-70. Subjects were divided into four groups normoglycaemic (centiles 1-95 of the blood glucose distribution: n = 17,051), glucose intolerant (centiles 96-100: n = 999), newly diagnosed diabetic patients (n = 56) and previously diagnosed diabetic patients (n = 121) treated with diet +/- tablets. Relative risks for all causes mortality and from coronary and cardiovascular disease deaths were calculated. Age adjusted relative risks were highest in the newly diagnosed diabetic patients and were also increased in glucose intolerant and previously diagnosed diabetic men (p less than 0.05), but did not increase with increasing duration of diabetes. With adjustment for other risk factors, relative risks were similar in newly diagnosed and previously diagnosed diabetic men. There was no significant linear trend of adjusted relative risks with duration of diabetes when all diabetic men were pooled and person years at risk calculated. The lack of effect of duration upon relative risk together with other observations suggests common, possibly genetic, antecedents of both Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes and coronary heart disease.
Concordance for type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in male twins.; Concordance for Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes was determined in 250 monozygotic and 264 dizygotic white male twin pairs who participated in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Twin Study. These twins were born between 1917 and 1927 and were identified from military records without regard to disease status. We examined surviving members of the cohort twice--at mean ages of 47 and 57 years--and obtained 1-h post-load glucose tests and medication histories. Diagnostic criteria for Type 2 diabetes included a glucose value greater than or equal to 13.9 mmol/l or current use of antidiabetic medication; possible Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetic twins were excluded. A strong genetic predisposition to Type 2 diabetes was suggested by 3 lines of evidence from the second examination: (1) 58% of monozygotic co-twins of diabetic twins were themselves diabetic compared with an expected prevalence of 10%; (2) only 1 of 15 originally disease-discordant, monozygotic twin pairs remained discordant for diabetes; and (3) 65% of non-diabetic monozygotic co-twins of diabetic twins had elevated glucose values. Because concordance for diabetes was less than 100% for twins aged 52-65 years and because twins varied in age at onset of disease, non-genetic factors may also influence diabetes development. Among the 19 monozygotic twins pairs discordant for diabetes, diabetic twins did not differ from their non-diabetic co-twins in obesity, diet, alcohol consumption, or education. However, compared with unrelated non-diabetic twins of the same ages, non-diabetic co-twins of diabetic twins gained more weight as adults (p less than 0.02) and had higher glucose levels (p less than 0.03).
Counterregulation in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Normal endocrine and glycaemic responses, up to ten years after diagnosis.; We have examined hormonal and metabolic responses to insulin-induced hypoglycaemia in 10 Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients treated with tablets and 10 age, sex and weight matched control subjects. Diabetic patients were under 110% ideal body weight, had no autonomic neuropathy and were well controlled (HbA1, 7.1 +/- 0.2%). After the diabetic patients were kept euglycaemic by an overnight insulin infusion, hypoglycaemia was induced in both groups by intravenous insulin at 30 mU.m-2.min-1 for 60 min and counterregulatory responses measured for 150 min. There were no significant differences between diabetic patients and control subjects in the rate of fall (3.3 +/- 0.3 vs 4.0 +/- 0.3 mmol.l-1.h-1), nadir (2.4 +/- 0.2 vs 2.3 +/- 0.1 mmol/l) and rate of recovery (0.027 +/- 0.002 vs 0.030 +/- 0.003 mmol.l-1.min-1) of blood glucose. Increments of glucagon (60.5 +/- 5.7 vs 70 +/- 9.2 ng/l) and adrenaline (1.22 +/- 0.31 vs 1.45 +/- 0.31 nmol/l) were similar in both groups. When tested using this model, patients with Type 2 diabetes, without microvascular complications and taking oral hypoglycaemic agents show no impairment of the endocrine response and blood glucose recovery following hypoglycaemia.
[Hepatic and peripheral insulin resistance as a cause of hyperglycemia in non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus: a review].; In diabetic patients, fasting hyperglycaemia is attributed to both, reduced clearance by peripheral tissues and augmented endogenous glucose release. In normal-weight, non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients, basal hepatic glucose production (HGP) was determined by means of tracer kinetic analysis. HGP was enhanced to 3.00 +/- 0.20 mg/kg X min as compared to 1.90 +/- 0.05 in healthy, non-diabetic subjects, even though hyperglycaemia and fasting hyperinsulinaemia prevailed. HGP correlated positively with fasting blood glucose (r = 0.577; P less than 0.01). Glucose clearance rate was reduced by 20%. Marked hyperinsulinaemia during an isoglycaemic (0.75 mU/kg X min) insulin clamp study suppressed HGP by only 82% as compared to greater than 95% in healthy subjects. Furthermore, significant residual HGP was also observed when hyperglycaemia was augmented by exogenous glucose administration. Thus, in the fasting state, HGP is increased and directly correlated with severity of hyperglycaemia. Due to a reduction in glucose clearance, blood glucose concentration rises until glucose utilization rate equals HGP. Under conditions of hyperinsulinaemia and hyperglycaemia, suppressibility of HGP is diminished. Thereby, HGP and diminished glucose clearance by peripheral tissues contribute to basal as well as postprandial hyperglycaemia in type 2 diabetic patients.
Type 1 (insulin-dependent) versus type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus: characterization of serum lipoprotein alterations.; Serum lipoprotein lipids and apolipoproteins A-I, B, and E were investigated in Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetics, Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetics, and two control groups, twenty subjects each. Lipoproteins were separated and analysed by common methods, apolipoproteins were measured by endpoint immunonephelometry. Compared with controls, Type 2 diabetics had increased serum apolipoprotein E levels (0.116 +/- 0.020 vs. 0.079 +/- 0.014 g 1-1, P less than 0.01) together with an increased content of cholesteryl ester-enriched very low-density lipoproteins. Furthermore, Type 2 diabetics had higher apolipoprotein B concentrations (1.06 +/- 0.21 vs. 0.85 +/- 0.21 g l-1 P less than 0.01), but lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations than the controls. Conversely, Type 1 diabetics had elevated serum apolipoprotein A-I values vs. controls and Type 2 diabetics (1.70 +/- 0.33 vs. 1.49 +/- 0.22 and 1.43 +/- 0.21 g 1-1, P less than 0.01). It is concluded that Type 2 diabetics, like other groups at risk for atherosclerotic diseases, are characterized by an increased concentration of partly catabolized very low-density lipoproteins. Sufficiently insulinized Type 1 diabetics have, on the other hand, an increased number of high-density lipoprotein particles.
A new model of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in spontaneously hypertensive rats: diabetes induced by neonatal streptozotocin treatment.; This study was designed to develop an animal model of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes with persistent hypertension. Male spontaneously hypertensive rats were treated with 25.0, 37.5, 50.0, 62.5 or 75.0 mg/kg of streptozotocin given intraperitoneally at 2 days of age and maintained for 12 weeks. In the rats which received 50.0 mg/kg or more streptozotocin, overt hyperglycaemia gradually and consistently developed following incomplete recovery from an initial hyperglycaemia. Compared to vehicle-treated controls, body weight gain in these animals did not differ for the first 8 weeks; thereafter, it was slightly but significantly (p less than 0.05) reduced. The animals treated with 25.0 or 37.5 mg/kg streptozotocin developed mild to moderate hyperglycaemia, but their body weight gain was similar to controls. The relationships between streptozotocin dose and metabolic responses (plasma glucose, glycosylated haemoglobin, urinary glucose, food intake, etc.) were clearly demonstrated. Systolic blood pressure rose with progressing age in both controls and streptozotocin-treated rats, irrespective of dosage or metabolic response. This new rat model of Type 2 diabetes associated with persistent hypertension may be useful in studying these combined effects on small and large vessels.
C-peptide measurement in the differentiation of type 1 (insulin-dependent) and type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; To determine whether individual subjects with Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes or Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes, who are treated with insulin, could be reliably distinguished, C-peptide concentrations and urinary C-peptide excretion were measured in 10 Caucasoids and 10 Pima Indians. All the subjects had developed diabetes before 21 years of age and were receiving insulin treatment. Fasting C-peptide concentrations were significantly higher in the Pima Indians (0.73 +/- 0.17 versus 0.02 +/- 0.01 nmol/l in Caucasoids; p less than 0.001), but there were slight overlaps in individual values. Urinary C-peptide excretion, an index of 24-h-insulin excretion, was also higher in the Pima Indian group (27.6 +/- 1.85 versus 0.72 +/- 0.18 pmol/min in Caucasoids; p less than 0.001) and there was no overlap in the individual values between the groups. The Pima Indians with early onset diabetes have been previously shown to have Type 2 diabetes, and the Caucasoids with an early onset are most likely to have Type 1 diabetes. These results suggest that distinction between these two major types of diabetes can be made effectively by using C-peptide measurements provided that overt renal disease is absent. This differentiation between insulin-treated patients will be useful for a variety of research applications and possibly in making clinical management decisions.
Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and HLA antigens in Papua New Guinea.; HLA phenotypes were studied in 57 Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic Papuan patients and the results compared with control subjects of the same Austronesian origin. An association was found between disease and BW62, a split antigen of B15, with corrected probability significant at the 5% level. The frequencies of B13 and BW22 were also increased in diabetic patients but the differences were not statistically significant. Although it has been postulated that Melanesian communities have protection against diabetes, they have a high frequency of BW62, which would imply, from the association found in this study, that susceptibility to Type 2 diabetes has yet to become manifest in them.
A polymorphism, L162V, in the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARalpha) gene is associated with lower body mass index in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; This study examined the effect a polymorphism (L162V) in the gene for peroxisome proliferator activated receptor (PPAR) alpha in the development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type 2 DM), obesity and hyperlipidaemia. The frequency of the L162V polymorphism in the PPARalpha gene was determined in 370 morbidly obese patients who underwent gastric banding surgery, 154 patients attending a type 2 DM clinic, 188 patients attending a lipid clinic and 199 healthy blood donors. The overall frequency of the V allele of the L162V polymorphism was 0.06. There were no significant differences in the allele frequency between patients with morbid obesity, hyperlipidaemia, type 2 DM and healthy controls, suggesting that it does not play a major role in the development of these conditions. The polymorphism was associated with a lower body mass index (BMI) in two independently recruited groups of patients with type 2 DM. There was no effect of the polymorphism on subjects without type 2 DM. Thus a polymorphism in PPARalpha protects type 2 DM patients from the overweight which is frequently associated with their condition.
Duration of obesity is a risk factor for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, not for arterial hypertension or for hyperlipidaemia.; Obesity is often accompanied by non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type 2), arterial hypertension, and hyperlipidaemia. The aim of this study was to evaluate whether duration of obesity is a risk factor for the appearance of type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and hyperlipidaemia. We studied 760 obese subjects, 207 of whom had normal glucose tolerance, 125 impaired glucose tolerance, and 428 type 2 diabetes; in addition, 560 had hypertension and 315 had hyperlipidaemia. At univariate analysis, passing from normal through impaired glucose tolerance to type 2 diabetes there was a progressive increase of age and of duration of obesity, hypertension and hyperlipidaemia. Compared to subjects without hypertension, hypertensive subjects were older, had a longer duration of obesity, a greater body mass index (BMI, kg/m2), and more frequently a family history of hypertension; they also more frequently showed impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes and hyperlipidaemia. Compared to subjects without hyperlipidaemia, hyperlipidaemic subjects were older, had a longer duration of obesity, and more frequently showed impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes, and hypertension. Diabetes, hypertension, and hyperlipidaemia were highly associated, as up to 80% of subjects with type 2 diabetes had hypertension, and more than 80% of hyperlipidaemic subjects had hypertension. Type 2 diabetes was less frequent than hypertension and hyperlipidaemia during the first 10 years of obesity, and progressively increased thereafter; in contrast the frequency of hypertension and of hyperlipidaemia increased only after 30 years of obesity. In 359 subjects undergoing an oral glucose tolerance test (168 with simultaneous determination of insulin release), increasing durations of obesity were accompanied by an increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes, and in deterioration of glucose response, with no decrease in insulin release. At logistic regression analysis, age was a common risk factor for diabetes, hypertension, and hyperlipidaemia; duration of obesity and hyperlipidaemia were additional risk factors for diabetes; family history of hypertension, BMI and hyperlipidaemia were additional risk factors for hypertension, as were impaired glucose tolerance or diabetes, and hypertension for hyperlipidaemia. These data indicate that duration of obesity is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes, and emphasize the importance of preventing obesity in young subjects.
Limitations of diet therapy in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; UNLABELLED: Sixty-one patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and fasting blood glucose of 12.0 +/- 0.6 mmol/l were studied before and after dietary treatment in an outpatient setting. At the start of the study 33 patients were obese (body mass index greater than 27.0 kg/m2). Twenty patients were newly diagnosed, median known duration of diabetes in the others was 5 years. Beta-cell function was measured by the release of C-peptide after i.v. injection of 1 mg glucagon (area under the curve of C-peptide = AUC-cp), as well as calculated according to the formulae of Matthews. Insulin action was estimated by measurement of fasting blood glucose, insulin and free fatty acids (FFA) concentrations. Non-obese patients showed more severe beta-cell deficiency than the obese ones (AUC-cp 2586 +/- 158 vs. 3294 +/- 277 pmol/l per 15 min), and did not improve in metabolic control during treatment. In the obese patients three response patterns to treatment were observed: weight loss and improvement in metabolic control accompanied primarily with increased beta-cell function or increased insulin action, or worsening of metabolic control. Those with less impaired beta-cell function and shorter known duration of diabetes showed the most favourable response., IN CONCLUSION: non-obese type 2 diabetes patients with fasting glucose levels above 10 mmol/l do not improve on dietary treatment alone; in obese type 2 diabetics weight reduction is essential and results in metabolic improvement, irrespective of the preceding fasting blood glucose concentrations. Improved beta-cell function as well as increased insulin action are responsible for this improvement.
Impaired insulin-induced erythrocyte magnesium accumulation is correlated to impaired insulin-mediated glucose disposal in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients.; Plasma and erythrocyte magnesium levels were measured by atomic absorption spectrometry in 12 healthy subjects and 12 moderately obese patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Basal plasma and erythrocyte magnesium levels were significantly lower in diabetic patients than in control subjects. In vitro incubation in the presence of 100 mU/l insulin significantly increased magnesium erythrocyte levels in both control subjects (p less than 0.001) and patients with diabetes (p less than 0.001). However, even in the presence of 100 mU/l insulin, the erythrocyte magnesium content of patients with Type 2 diabetes was lower than that of control subjects. The in vitro dose-response curve of the effect of insulin on magnesium erythrocyte accumulation was shifted to the right when red cells of diabetic patients were used, with a highly significant reduction of the maximal effect. Such reduction of the maximal effect of insulin suggests that the impairment of insulin-induced erythrocyte magnesium accumulation observed in Type 2 diabetic patients results essentially from a post-receptor defect.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Family histories of diabetes among Japanese patients with type 1 (insulin-dependent) and type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes.; Family histories of diabetes mellitus in first-degree relatives were compared in Japanese patients with Type 1 (insulin-dependent) and Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes. The frequency of positive family histories for diabetes in first-degree relatives was 24% (13/55) in Type 1,44% (281/631) in Type 2 (p less than 0.01 versus Type 1) and 47% (16/34) when the type of diabetes could not be classified. The prevalence of diabetes in siblings of Type 2 patients was higher than in Type 1 diabetic patients (p less than 0.01). Patients with Type 2 diabetes and definite obesity in the past had a lower frequency of a family history of diabetes (p less than 0.01) and a lower prevalence of diabetes in their parents (p less than 0.01) than did Type 2 patients without obesity. The highest rate of family history for diabetes was observed in non-obese Type 2 diabetic patients of early onset. Our data agree with the previously known higher frequency of familial diabetes in Type 2 compared with Type 1 diabetes, despite the fact that there are significant dissimilarities between Type 1 diabetes in Japanese and Caucasoid population.
Branched-chain amino acids and alanine as indices of the metabolic control in type 1 (insulin-dependent) and type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients.; Alterations in plasma branched-chain amino acids (valine, isoleucine and leucine) and alanine have been described in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus who have poor metabolic control. To assess the relevance of these abnormalities as indices of metabolic control, we sequentially evaluated plasma amino acids in 14 poorly controlled diabetics (seven Type 1 (insulin-dependent) and seven Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) patients) until good control was achieved. The sum of branched-chain amino acids in both groups of uncontrolled diabetic patients was significantly increased compared with the values for the same subjects in good metabolic control. No statistically significant differences were present between ketotic and non-ketotic uncontrolled patients. The amelioration of the diabetic state with either insulin treatment or oral hypoglycaemic agents, reduced progressively branched-chain amino acids. The sum of valine, isoleucine and leucine strictly correlated with daily urinary glucose (r = 0.73), but less well with fasting blood glucose (r = 0.43), non-esterified fatty acids (r = 0.46) and glycosylated haemoglobin (r = 0.38). Alanine did not show any statistically significant differences at various stages of diabetic control. Branched-chain amino acids, but not alanine, may be used as indices of short-term diabetic control.
Defective non-insulin-mediated and insulin-mediated glucose transport and metabolism in adipocytes from obese and lean patients with untreated type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Insulin binding, glucose transport, and glucose metabolism were investigated in isolated adipocytes from 11 lean and 13 obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Insulin binding at 15 degrees C was reduced by 35% (p less than 0.01) in both lean and obese diabetic patients, whereas insulin binding (or uptake) at 37 degrees C was similar in diabetic patients and healthy controls. In lean diabetic patients both non-insulin-mediated (basal) and maximally insulin-stimulated glucose transport and metabolism were significantly reduced (all p less than 0.01). The percentage responses to insulin were also markedly reduced (p less than 0.05, p less than 0.02). In obese diabetic patients basal glucose transport was reduced (p less than 0.01) but basal glucose metabolism was not. Insulin-stimulated glucose transport and metabolism were significantly reduced (p less than 0.01, p less than 0.05). The percentage responses were reduced compared to healthy controls (p less than 0.05, p less than 0.05) but higher than in lean diabetic patients (p less than 0.05). We conclude that adipocytes isolated from both lean and obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus are characterized by severely depressed non-insulin-mediated and insulin-mediated glucose transport and depressed insulin-mediated glucose metabolism. The major defect seems to be a reduced maximal effect of insulin on glucose metabolism, suggesting post-binding and post-transport abnormalities.
Exercise in a behavioural weight control programme for obese patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes.; Two studies were conducted to determine whether adding exercise to a diet programme promotes weight loss or glycaemic control in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic subjects. In Study 1, 25 subjects were randomly assigned to diet plus moderate exercise or diet plus placebo exercise. All subjects exercised twice a week as a group and once a week on their own; the diet plus moderate exercise group walked a 3-mile route at each session while the diet plus placebo exercise group did very low intensity exercises such as stretching and light calisthenics. All subjects followed a calorie-counting diet and were taught behaviour modification strategies. Weight losses and improvements in glycaemic control did not differ significantly between the two treatment groups at the end of the 10-week treatment or at 1-year follow-up. In Study 2, more extreme conditions were compared: a diet only group and a diet plus exercise group. The diet plus exercise group walked a 3-mile route with the group 3 times/week and once a week on their own, while the diet only group was instructed to maintain their current low level of activity. Both groups received comparable diet and behaviour modification instruction and therapist contacts. The diet plus exercise group had significantly (p less than 0.01) better weight losses than the diet only condition at the end of the 10 week programme (-9.3 kg vs -5.6 kg) and at 1 year follow-up (-7.9 kg vs -3.8 kg). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes--an epidemiological overview.; Despite the use of a wide range of different methodologies and diagnostic criteria, epidemiological studies have shown that Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes has a global distribution and its prevalence varies from country to country, in different ethnic groups in the same country, and between the same ethnic group undergoing internal or external migration. Rural-urban and migration studies indicate that change towards a 'Westernized' lifestyle is associated with a dramatic increase in the prevalence rates for Type 2 diabetes. Between populations, comparisons are confounded by a wide range of different ascertainment rates, survey methodologies, and diagnostic criteria for diabetes. However, low prevalence rates for Type 2 diabetes are seen in Eskimos and populations of the Far East, while the highest are seen in American Indians, urbanized Pacific Island populations, and migrant Asian Indians. Available evidence suggests that these latter groups have a genetic susceptibility to Type 2 diabetes ('diabetes genotype') and that the disease is unmasked by environmental factors. There appears to be a spectrum of interaction between genetic and environmental factors--in certain populations the genetic role may be more important than environmental, or vice versa. Epidemiological studies, apart from their value in population screenings and case-finding, have contributed to the new classification and diagnostic criteria for diabetes and our understanding of risk factors and host characteristics in the aetiology of Type 2 diabetes.
Analysis of the HepG2/erythrocyte glucose transporter locus in a family with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes and obesity.; A recent report has shown an association between a specific Xba1 restriction fragment of the human HepG2-Erythrocyte glucose transporter gene and Type 2 (non-insulin dependent) diabetes. To further examine the significance of this finding we have studied Type 2 diabetic pedigrees for linkage between the Xba1 alleles of this glucose transporter gene and diabetes. One large pedigree, in which the diabetic phenotype was associated with obesity and insulin resistance, was informative. In this family the disease did not co-segregate with the glucose transporter locus. Formal linkage analysis was performed assuming autosomal dominant inheritance with age-dependent penetrance. At putative gene frequencies of 0.01 and 0.001 the logarithm of the odds for linkage versus non-linkage at a recombination fraction of 0.001 was -1.84 and -3.32 respectively (a value of less than -2 indicates definite non-linkage). Genetic variations in the HepG2-Erythrocyte glucose transporter gene are unlikely to be responsible for the development of diabetes in this pedigree.
Serum immunoreactive insulin responses to a glucose load in Asian Indian and European type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients and control subjects.; The serum immunoreactive insulin response to an oral glucose load was estimated in 15 Asian Indian and 29 European non-diabetic subjects, and in 45 Asian Indian and 72 European Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients. In the non-diabetic group, basal insulin values were higher in the Asian Indians than the Europeans (16.7 +/- 3.0 vs. 6.9 +/- 0.7 mU/l, p less than 0.001), and remained higher throughout the glucose tolerance test. Total insulin response was also higher in the Asian Indians (p less than 0.001), and linear regression analysis revealed basal insulin, body mass index and race to be important predictors of insulin response. Amongst the diabetic patients, basal insulin values were again higher in the Asian Indians compared with the Europeans (18.0 +/- 5.0 vs. 11.5 +/- 0.9 mU/l, p less than 0.05). Total insulin response was also greater (p less than 0.01). Linear regression analysis revealed the basal insulin value to be the only significant predictor of insulin response. The results demonstrate higher insulin levels in Asian Indians than Europeans in both normal subjects and Type 2 diabetic subjects. The insulin response to a glucose load is also greater in the Asian Indians. In the control subjects, ethnic differences contribute to this response, whereas in the diabetic patients this is a function of the elevated basal insulin values of the Asian Indians.
Islet amyloid in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes is related to insulin.; Amyloid deposition is the most typical islet alteration in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes. In the present study we show by immunohistochemistry that the amyloid reacts with an antiserum against insulin B chain. Islet amyloid was also purified, dissolved in guanidine-HCl and gel filtered on a Sepharose 6B column. Immunization of a guinea pig with a high molecular weight fraction from this gel filtration resulted in an antiserum with insulin-binding capacity. This binding was partially blocked with pure insulin B chain. The results indicate that islet amyloid contains insulin B chain and that the amyloid is a product of the islet B cells. Thus the study support previous morphological studies.
Metabolic studies in chlorpropamide-alcohol flush positive and negative Type 2 (non-insulin dependent) diabetic patients with and without retinopathy.; Serum insulin and blood metabolite responses to oral glucose with and without intravenous naloxone were measured in 24 chlorpropamide-alcohol flush positive and negative Type 2 (non-insulin dependent) diabetic patients with and without retinopathy. In the chlorpropamide-alcohol flush positive patients with retinopathy, fasting blood glucose was increased greater than 40% and the serum triglycerides were increased over twofold compared with each of the other three groups. Following oral glucose (50 g), the chlorpropamide-alcohol flush positive diabetic patients with complications had a lower serum insulin and higher blood glycerol than the other three groups. Thus, chlorpropamide-alcohol flush positive subjects with retinopathy showed distinct metabolic differences from the other three groups. There was no evidence that opiate-receptors influenced the metabolic response to oral glucose in the Type 2 diabetic patients since the infusion of intravenous naloxone produced no effect on the serum insulin or blood metabolites.
Blood glucose and plasma insulin responses to various carbohydrates in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes.; The blood glucose and plasma insulin responses to some simple carbohydrates (glucose, fructose, lactose) and some complex ones (apples, potatoes, bread, rice, carrots and honey) were studied in 32 Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients. Blood glucose and plasma insulin were measured at zero time and then at 15, 30, 60, 90 and 120 min after ingestion of 25 g glucose, fructose or lactose, or 30 g honey, 50 g white bread, 125 g white rice or potatoes, 150 g apples or 260 g carrots. Maximum blood glucose and plasma insulin responses were recorded 60 min after ingestion of each test meal. At this time the increases in blood glucose and in plasma insulin were significantly higher after the more refined carbohydrates (glucose, fructose and lactose) than after the more complex ones (apples, potatoes, rice, carrots and honey, -p less than 0.01). Counting the blood glucose increase after glucose as 100%, the corresponding increases in glycaemia for other carbohydrates were: fructose, 81.3%; lactose, 68.6%; apples, 46.9%; potatoes, 41.4%; bread, 36.3%; rice, 33.8%; honey, 32.4% and carrots, 16.1%.
Insulin responsiveness of superficial forearm tissues in type 2 (non-insulin dependent) diabetes.; Forearm perfusion studies were carried out to determine the responsiveness to insulin of the superficial forearm tissues in non-obese Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetics, and the interrelationships among plasma concentrations of glucose, insulin and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), tissue uptake of glucose and insulin and tissue release of NEFA. It was found that: (1) in normal subjects, uptake of glucose was dependent on glucose concentration. It was also dependent on insulin concentration in the range of 0-30 mU/l, but not over a wider range of insulin concentration (less than 66 mU/l), indicating that the insulin effect was maximal at approximately 30 mU/l. In contrast, glucose uptake in diabetics was independent of glucose concentration but dependent on insulin uptake over an insulin concentration range up to 140 mU/l; glucose uptake reached the same levels as in control subjects but only at higher concentration and higher uptake of insulin. (2) Insulin uptake was directly dependent on insulin concentration and the regression coefficients were very similar in the two groups. (3) NEFA concentration fell to comparable levels in the two groups of subjects in response to insulin. It is concluded that in Type 2 diabetes: (1) the superficial forearm tissues show decreased responsiveness to the stimulatory effect of both hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinaemia on glucose utilization but the NEFA-lowering effect of insulin is undiminished, and (2) tissue uptake of insulin is normal, despite the decrease in receptor capacity that has been demonstrated by others.
Effect of acute hyperglycaemia on plasma potassium and aldosterone levels in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes.; Potassium homeostasis during a 50-g oral glucose tolerance test was studied in 14 newly diagnosed, untreated Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetics. They showed a rise in plasma potassium from a mean +/- SEM basal of 3.9 +/- 0.1 to 4.4 +/- 0.1 mmol/l at 60 min and to 4.6 +/- 0.1 mmol/l at 90 min (p less than 0.01), whereas no change was seen in a group of 14 normal subjects. A possible role of mineralocorticoids was sought by measuring simultaneous serum aldosterone and deoxycorticosterone levels. Aldosterone was reduced after the glucose load in all subjects studied, falling to 73% of basal at 60 min in diabetics (p less than 0.01), and to 61% of basal at 90 min in normal subjects (p less than 0.001). Serum deoxycorticosterone showed a similar pattern. Thus it is unlikely that the rise in plasma potassium seen in the diabetic patients was due to abnormal levels of mineralocorticoids. Since the diabetic subjects were found to have an intact insulin response to the glucose load, it is suggested that resistance to insulin-stimulated potassium uptake into cells might be involved in the pathogenesis of the paradoxical hyperkalaemia induced by acute hyperglycaemia.
A prospective study of the effect of 12 months treatment on serum lipids and apolipoproteins A-I and B in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes.; Serum high density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol, triglyceride and apolipoproteins A-I and B were studied at diagnosis and after 12 months conventional treatment in a group of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients. No significant deleterious effect on serum lipids and apolipoproteins was seen in any of the subgroups during the treatment period, although in the overall group there was a significant increase in serum total cholesterol in females. Serum high density lipoprotein cholesterol increased significantly in obese males treated with calorie restriction alone. There was a significant increase in serum apolipoprotein A-I in obese females treated with calorie restriction and metformin and in non-obese females treated with carbohydrate restriction and glibenclamide.
Differential effects of insulin therapy on hepatic and peripheral insulin sensitivity in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes.; Hepatic glucose production and metabolic clearance rate of glucose were measured using (3-3H) glucose at steady state, basally and during two sequential 2 h insulin (25 and 40 mU . kg -1 . h -1)/glucose (2 and 3 mg. kg -1 . min -1) infusion periods. Eight diabetic subjects were studied before and after 1 week of twice daily insulin therapy; six control subjects matched for age, weight and degree of obesity were also studied. In the diabetic patients, pre-treatment hepatic glucose production was 20.0 +/- 2.2, 9.9 +/- 2.9, and 1.4 +/- 0.8 mu mol . kg -1 . min -1 respectively (+/- SEM) for each of the three periods, and fell significantly with treatment to 12.8 +/- 1.7, 4.0 +/- 1.5 and 1.9 +/- 1.0 mu mol . kg -1 . min -1. Hepatic glucose production in normal subjects was 13.2 +/- 0.6, 2.2 +/- 0.8 and less than 1 mu mol . kg -1 . min -1. The pre-treatment metabolic clearance rate in all diabetic studies with insulin levels greater than or equal to 30 mU/l was 1.10 +/- 0.14 ml . kg -1 . min -1 and remained virtually unchanged following insulin therapy; this was significantly lower than in the control subjects (6.83 +/- 1.02, p less than 0.001). Basal non-esterified fatty acid levels were higher (p less than 0.02) in the pre-treated diabetic patients compared to post-treated diabetic patients and control subjects. Non-esterified fatty acids in each group fell to similar levels during the insulin infusions, but the rate of fall was slower in the pre-treated diabetic patients. Insulin receptor binding to erythrocytes was normal in the diabetic subjects and unchanged by treatment. Therefore, following insulin treatment of uncontrolled Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes, the initially increased basal hepatic glucose production, and decreased hepatic sensitivity, return towards normal. However, the glucose clearance remains low, despite good diabetic control, and appears to be a major factor in the continuing glucose intolerance. As insulin receptor binding is normal, the defect of glucose clearance in Type 2 diabetes appears compatible with a post-receptor defect of glucose metabolism.
Treatment of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients with diet alone.; The effects of 3 months' diet therapy on glucose tolerance, plasma insulin response to oral glucose, fasting lipid levels and body weight were measured in 182 Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic outpatients with fasting hyperglycaemia before treatment. Overall, there was a 25% improvement in glucose tolerance, a 58% increase in plasma insulin response during the glucose tolerance test, a 13.6% fall in fasting plasma triglyceride levels with no change in fasting cholesterol levels and a 5.1% fall in body weight. Of the 182 patients, 20% achieved normal glucose tolerance on diet alone for 3 months. These were mainly men of average age 63 years, who were 20% above their ideal body weight, and had milder glucose intolerance and higher residual insulin response to glucose before treatment than the 16% of patients who remained poorly controlled. These latter patients were mainly older women, 9% above their ideal body weight and with more marked glucose intolerance and less insulin response to glucose. These results demonstrate the practical limitations of this type of anti-diabetic therapy, particularly if normal glucose tolerance is a desired therapeutic aim.
Digestible carbohydrate--an independent effect on diabetic control in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients?.; Many studies have shown high carbohydrate, high fibre diets to benefit diabetic control, the improvement being attributed mainly to an effect of fibre. This study investigated the possible beneficial effects of the digestible carbohydrate component. A diet rich in carbohydrate was compared with a traditional low carbohydrate diet in 10 Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients, using a crossover design; both diets contained less than 20 g dietary fibre/day. During 24-h metabolic profiles carried out after 4 weeks on each diet, the mean basal plasma glucose (mean of 03.00, 05.00 and 07.00 h values) was 5.3 mmol/l on the high carbohydrate diet and 5.9 mmol/l on the low carbohydrate diet (p less than 0.05), despite the 2-h post-prandial glucose (mean of three main meals) being higher on the high carbohydrate diet than on the low carbohydrate diet (8.7 versus 7.3 mmol/l, p less than 0.01). Overall diabetic control was the same throughout the study, as judged by a mean 24-h plasma glucose of 6.7 mmol/l on the high carbohydrate and 6.6 mmol/l on the low carbohydrate diet, and haemoglobin A1c percentage of 8.3 on both diets. Mean cholesterol was 4.55 mmol/l on both diets and fasting plasma triglyceride was 2.83 mmol/l on the high carbohydrate and 2.55 mmol/l on the low carbohydrate diet (p = NS). These results indicate that a diet rich in carbohydrate, but restricted in fibre, does not cause overall deterioration of diabetic control or lipid metabolism in stable Type 2 diabetic patients, and suggest that digestible carbohydrate has an effect on basal blood glucose independent of fibre.
Effect of treatment with acarbose and insulin in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus associated with non-alcoholic liver cirrhosis.; AIM: Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type 2 diabetes) not responding to dietary treatment alone in patients with non-alcoholic liver cirrhosis is characterized by high postprandial hyperglycaemia. The control of postprandial hyperglycaemia in such patients, is generally achieved by the means of progressively higher doses of insulin, with an increasing risk of hypoglycaemia in the late postprandial period. The aim of this study was to evaluate the use of acarbose for the control of postprandial hyperglycaemia in 100 patients with well-compensated liver cirrhosis and type 2 diabetes treated with insulin., METHODS: The study was double blind with randomization of treatments into acarbose (52 patients) vs. placebo (48 patients) with parallel branches over a period of 28 weeks., RESULTS: All patients tolerated the treatments well and no significant variations in liver function tests were observed (< 5% vs. pretreatment). A significant reduction of several parameters was observed only after acarbose treatment: fasting glycaemia (173 +/- 28 vs. 146 +/- 19 mg/dl; p < 0.01), postprandial glycaemia (230 +/- 24 vs. 148 +/- 20 mg/dl; p < 0.01), mean glycaemia (206 +/- 20 vs. 136 +/- 13 mg/dl; p < 0.01), mean variation (180 +/- 14 vs. 51 +/- 10 mg/dl; p < 0.01), HbA1c (8.9 +/- 0.8 vs. 7.2 +/- 0.5; p < 0.05), C-peptide 2 h after a standard meal (4.5 +/- 1.9 vs. 2.8 +/- 1.7 ng/ml; p < 0.05), whereas the parameters did not change significantly after the placebo. After acarbose treatment a significant increase of intestinal voiding/week (+116% vs. +10%; p < 0.01) and a parallel reduction of blood ammonia levels (-52 +/- 9% vs. -9 +/- 5%; P < 0.01) were observed., CONCLUSIONS: The results clearly document the good tolerability and the absence of toxic effects of acarbose on liver, due to the lack of both intestinal absorption and hepatic metabolism of the drug at doses in the therapeutic range. In fact, acarbose increases the peristalsis movements of the gut, stimulates the proliferation of the saccarolytic bacteria and simultaneously reduces the proliferation of proteolytic bacteria, thus resulting active in the reduction of blood ammonia levels. These effects of acarbose may be advantageously exploited in the treatment of type 2 diabetic patients with well-compensated non-alcholic liver cirrhosis.
[Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus associated with nonalcoholic liver cirrhosis: an evaluation of treatment with the intestinal alpha-glucosidase inhibitor acarbose].; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus not responding to diet only in patients with non-alcoholic liver cirrhosis is characterized by high post-prandial hyperglycemia. The aim of this study was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of 24 weeks of treatment with 300 mg acarbose per day in 76 consecutive outpatients affected by type 2 diabetes and well-compensated liver cirrhosis. The study design was double-blind cross-over vs placebo. All patients tolerated both treatments well, and no significant variations in liver function tests were observed (< 5% vs pre-treatment). A significant reduction of several parameters was observed only after acarbose: fasting glycemia (19 +/- 6 vs 2 +/- 0.5%; p < 0.01), post-prandial glycemia (41 +/- 9 vs 3 +/- 0.6%; p < 0.01), mean glycemia (30 +/- 8 vs 14 +/- 5%; p < 0.01), daily glycemic variation (52 +/- 8 vs 8 +/- 1%; p < 0.01), HbA1c (16 +/- 1 vs 2 +/- 0.5; p < 0.05), incremental area of C-peptide after a standard meal (80 +/- 19 vs 200 +/- 36 ng/mL/300 min; p < 0.01). After acarbose a significant increase of intestinal voiding/week (98 vs 28%; p < 0.01) and a parallel reduction of blood ammonia levels (52 +/- 9 vs 9 +/- 5%; p < 0.01) were observed. Results clearly document the good tolerability and the absence of toxic effects of acarbose on the liver, due to a theoretic absence of both absorption by the gut and hepatic metabolism of the drug. In fact, acarbose increases peristaltic movement of the gut, stimulates the proliferation of saccharolytic bacteria and simultaneously reduces proteolytic bacterial proliferation, thus actively reducing blood ammonia levels. These unexpected effects of acarbose may be used to advantage for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus in patients with well-compensated liver cirrhosis.
Insulin sensitivity following treatment with the alpha 1-blocker bunazosin retard and the beta 1-blocker atenolol in hypertensive non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of the alpha 1-blocker bunazosin retard and the beta 1-blocker atenolol (Uniloc) on insulin sensitivity and glucose and lipid homeostasis in patients with type-2 diabetes and hypertension., METHODS: Patients with controlled type-2 diabetes (non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus), treated by diet or oral sulphonylurea derivatives, and with mild-to-moderate hypertension were include in a randomized, parallel group, double-blind, multicentre study. After a single-blind placebo run-in period lasting 4-6 weeks, the patients were treated either with bunazosin retard or with atenolol for a further 16 weeks including an initial dose titration period to achieve blood pressure control. Treatment involved 3, 6 or 12 mg bunazosin retard tablets or 25, 50 or 100 mg atenolol tablets, administered orally once a day and prescribed according to blood pressure response. The euglycaemic hyper-insulinaemic clamp technique was used to assess insulin sensitivity both after the placebo period and after the active treatment. A total of 95 patients was enrolled in the study (placebo phase). Forty-eight patients were withdrawn from the placebo phase, mainly due to their blood pressures being outside the required range (seated diastolic blood pressure 90-114 mmHg) and 47 patients were allocated randomly to active treatment. Of these, 23 were administered bunazosin retard and 24 atenolol. All evaluations were on an intention-to-treat basis., RESULTS: Insulin sensitivity assessed as glucose utilization during the clamp was significantly higher following bunazosin retard compared with following atenolol administration (3.52 +/- 0.27 versus 2.86 +/- 0.19 units of metabolic clearance rate of glucose index, P < 0.05). The insulin level attained during clamps (infusion rate 56 mU/m2 per min) was higher (P < 0.05) following atenolol (117 +/- 5 mU/l) than it was following bunazosin retard administration (102 +/- 5) or placebo (108 +/- 3), possibly due to an impaired insulin clearance. Compared with placebo, atenolol treatment resulted in significantly increased glucosylated haemoglobin whereas bunazosin retard had no significant effect. The two drugs did not show any consistent differences in lipid profile or fibrinogen and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 levels. During the study seven serious adverse events were reported and one was reported shortly after completion of the study. All except one were classified as not related to the study drug and five of them occurred during placebo treatment. The non-serious side effects were in general considered to be either unrelated to the test drugs or expected effects of the two respective drug classes. Both bunazosin retard and atenolol displayed acceptable safety profiles., CONCLUSION: Bunazosin retard treatment in hypertensive non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients appears to be associated with a slightly higher insulin sensitivity than is atenolol.
Deuterohemin-AlaHisLys mitigates the symptoms of rats with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus by scavenging reactive oxygen species and activating the PI3-K/AKT signal transduction pathway.; Damage to pancreatic beta-cells plays an important role in the development of type 2 diabetes, and oxidative stress is a likely contributor. In the present study, we investigated the effect of deuterohemin-AlaHisLys (DhHP-3), a microperoxidase-11 mimic, on rats with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and examined the action mechanisms of DhHP-3. The induced hyperglycemia, glucose intolerance, and insulin resistance in diabetic rats were associated with increased oxidative stress and damage to pancreatic islets. DhHP-3 (3 mg/kg) ameliorated hyperglycemia and insulin resistance, protected pancreas islet, decreased the content of malondialdehyde, and increased the activity of superoxide dismutase in plasma and pancreatic tissue by reducing ROS levels. Furthermore, DhHP-3 stimulated the proliferation of INS-1 cells and inhibited apoptosis by activating the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/protein kinase B (PI3-K/AKT) signaling pathway. Our results demonstrated for the first time that DhHP-3 decreased blood glucose level in rats with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, scavenged reactive oxygen species, activated the PI3-K/AKT signaling pathway, and protected pancreatic beta-cells against apoptosis. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Inflammatory markers and haptoglobin polymorphism in Saudi with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: Haptoglobin (Hp) polymorphism associated with clinical evolution of several inflammatory diseases and considered as a predictive factor for development of diabetes complications. We designed the present study to investigate the frequency distribution of Hp phenotypes among Saudi with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus compared to healthy nondiabetic subjects. Moreover, we explored the possibility of relationship between serum levels of inflammatory markers (namely, high-sensitive C-reactive proteins "hs-CRP", interleukin (IL)-6, and Hp) and Hp phenotypes., METHODS: In the present case-control study, we enrolled 60 type 2 diabetic patients as the study group and 60 healthy subjects as the control group. We assayed serum levels of Hp and hs-CRP by immunoturbidimetric method; while IL-6 was measured by ELISA. Native polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis was used for determination of Hp phenotypes., RESULTS: In type 2 diabetics, serum concentrations of IL-6, hs-CRP, and Hp were significantly elevated and correlated to body mass index. Moreover, there was a significant correlation between plasma glucose level and Hp (r = 0.577, p = 0.000), IL-6 (r = 0.448, p = 0.000), and hs-CRP (r = 0.380, p = 0.001). In addition, data demonstrated a positive correlation between HbA1c and Hp (r = 0.521, p = 0.000), IL-6 (r = 0.420, p = 0.001), and hs-CRP (r = 0.353, p = 0.008). Hp 2-1 phenotype predominated among subjects in both study and control groups. No significant association between Hp phenotypes with any of the investigated inflammatory markers was documented., CONCLUSION: Inflammation may represent the link between type 2 diabetes and obesity. Hp 2-1 was the predominant phenotype among Saudi type 2 diabetics as well as healthy subjects. In addition to Hp; other possible genetic polymorphisms like CRP may have its effect on diabetes through different mechanisms.
Apolipoprotein B gene variants are involved in the determination of blood glucose and lipid levels in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; We have examined the frequency of the EcoRI, XbaI and MspI RFLPs of the apolipoprotein B (apo B) gene in 110 type 2 diabetic patients and 91 healthy control subjects in order to ascertain whether variation in this gene may influence the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (type 2 diabetes). Serum lipids including total-cholesterol (T-Chol), triacylglycerol (TAG), apolipoprotein E (apo E), apolipoprotein AI (apo AI), apolipoprotein B and lipoprotein (a) (Lp(a)) were analysed. Genomic DNA was extracted and the apo B polymorphic regions amplified by the polymerase chain reaction. Regions carrying EcoRI, XbaI, and MspI restriction sites present in the apo B gene were amplified and digested separately by the respective enzymes. No significant difference for genotypic frequencies was observed for the EcoRI, XbaI and MspI restriction sites in type 2 diabetic patients as compared to controls. Type 2 diabetic patients and controls with EcoRI +/+ and XbaI +/+ genotypes had higher apo E levels. The MspI +/+ genotype is more frequent in the patient and control groups with elevated T-Chol. Furthermore, the EcoRI -/-, XbaI -/-, and MspI +/+ genotypes were found to be significantly more frequent in type 2 diabetic patients with higher blood glucose levels. This study identifies the apo B gene polymorphisms in modulating plasma lipid/lipoprotein and glucose levels in patients with type 2 diabetes. Copyright (c) 2005 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
[Anterior chamber inflammation following cataract surgery in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].; PURPOSE: The aim of the study was to estimate the early breakdown of the blood-aqueous barrier (BAB) following uneventful cataract surgery in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus., MATERIAL AND METHODS: Aqueous flare was estimated in 54 diabetic eyes before and after cataract surgery. Fifteen eyes underwent uneventful ECCE (extracapsular cataract extraction with "can opener" capsulotomy) and 39 phacoemulsification with continuous curvilinear capsulorhexis. All procedures were performed by experienced surgeons. Fifty six eyes of age-matched healthy patients undergoing uncomplicated cataract surgery served, as control. Anterior chamber flare was quantified preoperatively, 1 and 3 days postoperatively, using laser-flare meter (Kowa FM-500). Laser flare values were expressed in photon counts/millisecond., RESULTS: Mean preoperative anterior chamber flare in diabetes type 2 was as follows: normal fundus--6.7, background retinopathy--8.6 and proliferative retinopathy--14.1 (p < 0.01 vs NF group). Significantly lower anterior chamber flare measurements following phacoemulsification (25.0-1 day, 17.8-3 days post surgery), than after ECCE (63.7 and 45.6, respectively) (p < 0.01) were observed in diabetic eyes. In phaco group, we noted lower flare values in eyes without retinopathy; 25.2-1 day, 14.0-3 days post surgery, than in proliferative retinopathy (31.5 and 28.4, respectively) (p < 0.05 vs no retinopathy group)., CONCLUSIONS: Phacoemulsification, as a less traumatising technique produces less BAB breakdown and seems to be more suitable than ECCE in diabetic eyes. Following phacoemulsification, eyes with proliferative retinopathy had significantly higher flare values than eyes without retinopathy.
Diagnosis of MODY in the offspring of parents with insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Maturity Onset Diabetes of the Young (MODY) is an autosomal dominant monogenic form of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) representing 5% of youth-onset DM in the Caucasian population. In young adults the disease can be present as either non-insulin dependent or insulin-dependent DM. The diagnosis of this genetic disorder in children and adolescents is rare because of the mild glucose metabolism disorder at this time. We performed a metabolic, autoimmune and genetic study in 40 offspring of young parents affected by insulin-dependent DM (Group A) and in 35 offspring of young parents affected by early-onset non-insulin-dependent DM (Group B). Two children of Group A (5%) were found to be affected by fasting hyperglycemia and carry a GCK gene mutation that in one case was present also in the diabetic father. Eighteen offspring of Group B (51%) were positive for GCK or HNF-1alpha gene mutations present in the affected parents. All but two of these young patients had impaired fasting glucose (IFG) or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Eleven of them were younger than 16 years. We conclude that screening for DM in youth should be extended to MODY in young families with both non-insulin-dependent and insulin-dependent DM. The sensitivity of the metabolic tests will precede the genetic diagnosis.
Cultured fibroblasts from chronic diabetic wounds on the lower extremity (non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus) show disturbed proliferation.; Patients with diabetes mellitus experience impaired wound healing often resulting in chronic foot ulcers. Hospital discharge data indicate that 6-20% of all diabetic individuals hospitalized (mostly with type 2 diabetes) have a lower extremity ulcer. Maintaining glucose levels at acceptable levels (below 10 mmol/l) is considered to be an important part of the clinical treatment, but the exact mechanism by which diabetes delays wound repair is not yet known. We studied this phenomenon by determining the potential of fibroblasts isolated from the ulcer sites of four patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus to proliferate in vitro. Controls were fibroblasts isolated from normal skin of the upper leg of five healthy age-matched volunteers and of six non-insulin-dependent diabetes patients. Proliferative capacity was analysed by evaluation of plates after trypsinization and [3H]thymidine incorporation. Fibroblast morphology was studied by light and transmission electron microscopy. Diabetic ulcer fibroblasts, measured by [3H]thymidine incorporation, proliferated significantly more slowly than the nonlesional control fibroblasts (P < 0.00047) and age-matched control fibroblasts (P < 0.00003). After culturing the fibroblasts for a prolonged period in high-glucose (27.5 mM) and low-glucose (5.5 mM, i.e. physiological) medium, this difference in proliferation rate between diabetic ulcer fibroblasts and nonlesional diabetic fibroblasts remained (P < 0.0001 for high-glucose and P < 0.0009 for low-glucose on day 7). Fibroblast proliferation in all three groups was slightly lower in high-glucose than in low-glucose medium, although not significantly at any time-point. Light microscopy showed diabetic ulcer fibroblasts to be large and widely spread. Transmission electron microscopy of cultured diabetic ulcer fibroblasts and nonlesional diabetic skin fibroblasts revealed a large dilated endoplasmic reticulum, a lack of microtubular structures and multiple lamellar and vesicular bodies. These results show a diminished proliferative capacity and abnormal morphology of fibroblasts derived from diabetic ulcers of non-insulin-dependent diabetes patients.
Hepatocyte nuclear factor-1alpha gene and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the Japanese population.; Recently, hepatocyte nuclear factor-1alpha(HNF-1alpha, which is encoded by the TCF1 gene) mutations were reported in a subset of patients with maturity onset diabetes of the young (MODY3). We studied the contribution of TCF1 to genetic susceptibility to common non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type 2) in Japanese subjects by investigating allelic association with type 2 diabetes use of three markers. We also studied the frequency of the G191D mutation, the only mutation of TCF1 reported so far in late-onset type 2 diabetes. A total of 356 subjects were studied. There were no significant differences in allele frequency of the three markers between patients with type 2 diabetes and control subjects. A G191D mutation was not found in the subjects studied, giving a frequency of less than 0.4% in common type 2 diabetes. The lack of association of type 2 diabetes with three markers in and near TCF1 suggests that mutations in TCF1 derived from a limited number of founders are not a major cause of common type 2 diabetes even in the genetically homogeneous Japanese population. The data also indicate that the G191D mutation in TCF1 plays little, if any, role in susceptibility to common type 2 diabetes in the Japanese.
Markers of insulin resistance are associated with cardiovascular morbidity and predict overall mortality in long-standing non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of endogenous insulin levels and of insulin administration on coronary heart disease (CHD) and on mortality in a cohort of patients with long-standing non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type 2). In a cross-sectional study, 93 patients (known duration 17 +/- 8 years, mean+/-SD) with poor metabolic control (glycosylated hemoglobin, HbA1C 9.3%+/-2.09%) were evaluated for CHD, for insulin release (C-peptide), for clinical and metabolic parameters including body mass index (BMI), smoking habits, arterial blood pressure (BP), blood lipids, kidney function, and proteinuria. Life status was ascertained 5 years later by direct examination or through death certificates. At entry, 54 out of 93 patients had CHD; after 5 years, 25 patients had died. Comparisons performed on patients of the same age range showed that patients with CHD (34 vs 24) had a greater BMI, higher diastolic BP, higher creatinine, triglyceride and uric acid levels, and higher fasting and i.v. glucagon-stimulated C-peptide release. By logistic stepwise regression analysis, fasting C-peptide and triglycerides were independently associated with CHD. In the follow-up study, surviving patients (39 vs 19) showed at baseline lower triglyceride and creatinine levels, were less frequently affected by CHD, and received lower doses of insulin; by logistic stepwise regression analysis, presence of CHD, dose of insulin, and creatinine levels were independent risk factors for mortality. These data indicate that in patients with long-standing type 2 diabetes mellitus and poor metabolic control, CHD and overall mortality are related to insulin release and to insulin administration, suggesting that markers of insulin resistance represent additional risk factors for CHD and for mortality. Reduction of insulin resistance, together with achievement of good metabolic control, might prevent morbidity and mortality in long-standing type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Heritability of cardiovascular risk parameters in subjects with increased susceptibility to non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To evaluate the inheritance of cardiovascular risk parameters in subjects with increased susceptibility for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, we compared 25 pairs of healthy twins who were offspring of diabetic parents with 25 pairs without a parental history for type 2 diabetes mellitus (12 monozygotic and 13 dizygotic in each group). Environmental factors were also evaluated to avoid bias in the assessment of concordance. No significant difference was found in concordance between monozygotic and dizygotic twins for physical activity, diet, smoking, alcohol intake and living together or apart. Genetic analysis revealed a substantial heritability for weight, body mass index, percentage of body fat, lipoprotein(a), high density lipoprotein (HDL)- and HDL2-cholesterol, without significant differences between the two groups. We conclude that heritability of several cardiovascular risk parameters is not increased in subjects with increased susceptibility to type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is associated with a greater prevalence of depression in the elderly. The Osservatorio Geriatrico of Campania Region Group.; We investigated the association of non-insulin-dependent (Type 2) diabetes mellitus and depression symptoms in a representative community-dwelling elderly population independently of other conditions such as gender, age, status, disability, cognitive impairment and a number of chronic medical conditions such as chronic obstructive lung disease, degenerative joint disease, heart disease, cirrhosis of the liver, cholelithiasis, peptic ulcer and kidney stones. A total of 1339 elderly subjects living in southern Italy were randomly selected from electoral rolls and evaluated. All subjects were tested by the Geriatric Depression Scale to detect depression, the Mini-Mental State Examination to study cognitive function and the Activity Daily Living Index to evaluate disability. Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus affected 14.7% of our sample. Depression was more prevalent in women over 75 years of age than in younger women (15.9 vs 8.1%, p < 0.001). In multiple linear regression analysis, diabetes mellitus was found to be significantly associated with depression independently of age, gender, loneliness, cognitive impairment, chronic obstructive lung disease, degenerative joint disease, heart diseases, cancer, kidney disease, cirrhosis of the liver and cholelithiasis. It is concluded that non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is significantly associated with depression in the elderly, which may have clinical implications for the achievement of sufficient blood glucose control.
Periodontal disease in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The relationship between diabetes mellitus and oral health status was determined in Pima Indians from the Gila River Indian Community in Arizona. This tribe of native Americans has the world's highest reported incidence and prevalence of non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus. The probing attachment level, alveolar bone loss, age, sex, Calculus Index, Plaque Index, Gingival Index, fluorosis, and DMFT as well as the diabetic status was assessed in 1,342 Pima Indians who were at least partially dentate. The prevalence and severity of destructive periodontal disease was determined by measuring probing attachment loss and radiographically apparent interproximal crestal alveolar bone loss, two independent but correlated indicators of periodontal destruction. Only diabetic status, age, and the presence of subgingival calculus were significantly associated with both increased prevalence and greater severity of destructive periodontal disease in this population. Diabetic status was significantly and strongly related to both the prevalence and severity of disease after adjusting for the effects of demographic variables and several indices of oral health including the Plaque Index. Subjects with type 2 diabetes have an increased risk of destructive periodontitis with an odds ratio of 2.81 (95% confidence interval 1.91 to 4.13) when attachment loss is used to measure the disease. The odds ratio for diabetic subjects was 3.43 (95% confidence interval 2.28 to 5.16) where bone loss was used to measure periodontal destruction. These findings demonstrate tht diabetes increases the risk of developing destructive periodontal disease about threefold. Furthermore, diabetes increases the risk of developing periodontal disease in a manner which cannot be explained on the basis of age, sex, and hygiene or other dental measures.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Renal function in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: purposes and design of the Diabetic Renal Disease Study.; Type 2, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus accounts for 60% of the end-stage renal disease attributed to diabetes in the United States, yet little is known about glomerular function or the development of renal disease in this type of diabetes. The Diabetic Renal Disease Study (DRDS) is a longitudinal study designed to elucidate the natural history of renal disease and to characterize glomerular function throughout the course of renal disease in type 2, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. The study is being conducted among the Pima Indians from the Gila River Indian Community in Arizona because they experience a very high rate of type 2 diabetes mellitus, which often develops at a young age and which is frequently associated with the development of renal disease. Glomerular filtration rate, renal plasma flow, albumin and IgG excretion, level of vasoactive hormones, retinal damage, and glomerular capillary permeability to dextrans of different sizes will be assessed at regular intervals over 48 months in six groups of subjects representing a range of glucose tolerance from normal to diabetes, and among the diabetic subjects, a range of proteinuria from normal to overt diabetic nephropathy. The DRDS is designed to provide new information on the functional determinants of renal disease in type 2, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and will serve as the basis for designing intervention strategies.
Platelet insulin receptor determination in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; The platelet membrane insulin receptors of healthy and non-insulin dependent (type 2) diabetic patients were studied. Receptor number and affinity proved to be decreased in type 2 diabetes mellitus. The changes in platelet insulin receptor characteristics are in good correlation with the alterations reported in other tissues or cells. The possible role of these phenomena in the pathogenesis of disturbed platelet function in diabetics needs further investigation.
[Problems raised by the definition and epidemiology of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes throughout the world].; Many studies of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus assume that the condition is homogeneous and clearly defined. There are, however, several problems with these assumptions. Thus, definition of Type 2 diabetes is one of exclusion of other types (insulin-dependent, malnutrition-related, gestational and other rarer types) and inevitably contains a heterogeneous group of disorders the aetiology of which is largely unclear, and separation from the insulin-dependent type can be problematic. Diagnosis is also imprecise in asymptomatic subjects due to the lack of accurate diagnostic tools and lack of clear distinction of impaired glucose tolerance. An alternative to the oral glucose tolerance test is urgently needed. Epidemiological studies of Type 2 diabetes and its complications are also fraught with difficulties due to variability of the oral glucose tolerance test, potential problems in glucose measurement, heterogeneity, population selection and problems in international comparisons due to differing age ranges and life expectancy. Great care is needed in all studies of Type 2 diabetes to ensure that the groups under study are properly selected, well-defined and fully described.
Lowering of triglycerides by gemfibrozil affects neither the glucoregulatory nor antilipolytic effect of insulin in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients.; Hypertriglyceridaemia and insulin resistance are closely associated but it is unknown whether hypertriglyceridaemia per se contributes to insulin resistance. In the present study we examined whether gemfibrozil, by lowering triglyceride levels, improves the glucoregulatory and antilipolytic action of insulin in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Twenty patients were randomly allocated to receive either placebo or gemfibrozil 1200 mg daily for 12 weeks in a double-blind study. Very low density lipoprotein triglyceride levels decreased in the gemfibrozil group by 42 +/- 12% (p < 0.01). Gemfibrozil had no effect on the diurnal concentration of non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA). At the randomization HbA1c levels were comparable (7.6 +/- 0.3 vs 7.8 +/- 0.2%, NS) and increased slightly both in the gemfibrozil (8.2 +/- 0.4%, p < 0.05) and placebo groups (8.0 +/- 0.3%, NS). Pre- and post-treatment diurnal glucose and insulin concentrations remained unchanged. Basal pre- and post-treatment hepatic glucose production rates were comparable in both groups and similarly suppressed by insulin. Rate of whole body glucose disposal during a low-dose insulin infusion (serum insulin -90 pmol/l) (pre- vs post-gemfibrozil 11.9 +/- 1.1 vs 11.1 +/- 0.7, pre- vs post-placebo 9.9 +/- 1.1 vs 10.8 +/- 0.8 mumol.kg-1.min-1, NS for both) and a high-dose insulin infusion (serum insulin approximately 500 pmol/l) (16.2 +/- 1.7 vs 17.7 +/- 2.7, 17.1 +/- 4.2 vs 17.4 +/- 2.9 mumol.kg-1 x min-1, respectively, NS for both) remained unchanged. Basal pre- and post-treatment NEFA turnover rates were comparable in both groups and similarly suppressed by insulin.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Adipose tissue glycogen synthase activation by in vivo insulin in spontaneously insulin-resistant and type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic rhesus monkeys.; In skeletal muscle, a defect in the covalent activation of glycogen synthase by insulin has been identified in insulin resistance and in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, but a similar defect in insulin action at the adipose tissue has not been demonstrated. We sought to determine whether this defect in insulin action in muscle was also present in the same pathway in adipose tissue. We examined the effect of in vivo insulin on adipose tissue glycogen synthase and phosphorylase activity in normal (n = 11), hyperinsulinaemic (n = 8), and impaired glucose tolerant and Type 2 diabetic (n = 8) rhesus monkeys. Adipose tissue samples were obtained before and during a euglycaemic hyperinsulinaemic clamp. Glycogen synthase fractional velocity, independent and total activities were significantly higher in the insulin-stimulated samples compared to the basal samples in the normal group (p < 0.05, respectively). In the hyperinsulinaemic group, however, insulin had no effect on glycogen synthase fractional velocity or independent activity, but did increase the total activity of glycogen synthase and phosphorylase (p < 0.05, respectively). Furthermore, both the basal and the insulin-stimulated total activities of these two enzymes were significantly greater in the hyperinsulinaemic group as compared to both the normal and the diabetic groups (p < 0.05, respectively). In the diabetic group, insulin was without effect on glycogen synthase fractional velocity, independent activity or total activity. We conclude that the covalent activation of adipose tissue glycogen synthase by insulin is absent in both obese hyperinsulinaemic and in spontaneously diabetic monkeys.
Linkage analysis of the glucokinase locus in familial type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic pedigrees.; Glucokinase is among the few genes which may play a key role in both insulin secretion and insulin action. Glucokinase is present in pancreatic beta cells where it may have a key role in the glucose sensing mechanism, and it is present in hepatocytes, where it may participate in glucose flux. Glucokinase defects have recently been implicated in maturity-onset diabetes of the young. To examine the hypothesis that glucokinase plays a key role in the predisposition to common familial Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, we typed 399 members of 18 Utah pedigrees with multiple Type 2 diabetic individuals for two markers in the 5' and 3' flanking regions of the glucokinase gene. Linkage analysis was performed under both dominant and recessive models. We also repeated these analyses with individuals with impaired glucose tolerance who were considered affected if their stimulated (2-h) glucose exceeded age-specific normal levels for 95% of the population. Under several dominant models, linkage was significantly excluded, and under recessive models log of the odds (LOD) score was less than -1. We were also unable to demonstrate statistical support for the hypothesis that a small subgroup of pedigrees had glucokinase defects, but the most suggestive pedigree (individual pedigree LOD 1.8-1.9) ranked among the youngest and leanest in our cohort. We can exclude a major role for glucokinase in familial Type 2 diabetes, but our data cannot exclude a role for this locus in a minority of pedigrees.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Altered pattern of insulin receptor isotypes in skeletal muscle membranes of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic subjects.; The human insulin receptor exists in two isoforms (HIR-A alpha-subunit 719 amino acids and HIR-B alpha-subunit 731 amino acids) which are generated by alternative splicing of a small exon and display distinct patterns of tissue-specific expression. Using the polymerase chain reaction we have recently shown that skeletal muscle of non-diabetic individuals contains predominantly mRNA encoding HIR-A while in skeletal muscle derived from subjects with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus similar amounts of each mRNA are expressed. We used a polyclonal antibody which discriminates between HIR-A and HIR-B to assess the isoform expression at the protein level. The antibody showed clearly distinct displacement of insulin binding in skeletal muscle membranes of non-diabetic subjects compared to Type 2 diabetic subjects (displacement of specific 125I-insulin binding: 13 non-diabetic subjects 70.0% +/- 14.34, 12 Type 2 diabetic subjects 32.6% +/- 17.45). A control antibody which does not discriminate between both isoforms showed similar displacement of 125I-insulin in membranes of non-diabetic and Type 2 diabetic subjects. These data suggest that the altered expression of receptor isotype mRNA in the skeletal muscle of Type 2 diabetic subjects leads to an altered receptor isoform pattern in the plasma membrane. While skeletal muscle membranes of non-diabetic subjects contain predominantly HIR-A, membranes of Type 2 diabetic subjects show an increased level of HIR-B in addition to HIR-A.
Ten-year cardiovascular mortality in relation to risk factors and abnormalities in lipoprotein composition in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic and non-diabetic subjects.; The purpose of the present study was to examine 10-year cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in patients with newly-diagnosed Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and non-diabetic control subjects and to evaluate the effects of general risk factors, plasma insulin, urinary albumin excretion, lipoprotein abnormalities characteristic of Type 2 diabetes and the degree of hyperglycaemia in diabetic patients on cardiovascular mortality. Furthermore, the extent to which the above-mentioned factors could contribute to the excessive cardiovascular mortality observed in diabetic patients was examined. In the years 1979-1981, altogether 133 (70 men, 63 women) newly-diagnosed patients with Type 2 diabetes and 144 (62 men, 82 women) non-diabetic control subjects aged 45-64 years were studied. Both groups were re-examined in the years 1985-1986 and 1991-1992. The impact of different factors on cardiovascular mortality was examined by univariate analyses after adjustment for age and sex and by multiple logistic regression analyses. The age-standardized total and cardiovascular mortality rates were substantially higher in diabetic men (17.8 and 15.0%, total and cardiovascular mortality, respectively p = 0.06 and NS) and women (18.5 and 16.6%, p < 0.01 for both) than in non-diabetic control men (5.2% both total and cardiovascular mortality) and women (4.2 and 2.2%). Cardiovascular mortality was not related to the treatment modality (diet, oral drugs, insulin) at 5 years from diagnosis. Use of diuretics, beta-blocking agents or their combination at baseline did not make a significant contribution to cardiovascular mortality either. In multiple logistic regression analysis on diabetic patients, age, LDL triglycerides, smoking, blood glucose and ischaemic ECG at baseline had independent associations with cardiovascular mortality. Interestingly, urinary albumin excretion rate measured at 5-year examination also predicted 10-year cardiovascular mortality after adjustment for the effects of major risk factors including lipoprotein abnormalities, but its predictive power reduced to a nonsignificant level when the effect of plasma glucose was taken into account. The relative risk of cardiovascular mortality associated with diabetes was 8.2 after allowing for age alone, but it declined to 3.7 when all contributing factors from the baseline examination (except blood glucose) were taken into account. In conclusion, the present results indicate that LDL triglycerides and/or other changes in lipoprotein composition characteristic of Type 2 diabetes and manifesting as elevated serum triglycerides are atherogenic and they strongly predict increased cardiovascular mortality.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Epidemiology, development and treatment of end-stage renal failure in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients in Europe.; The aim of the present report was to compare the current patterns of incidence and prevalence of end-stage renal failure and mode of renal replacement therapy in patients with Type 1 (insulin-dependent) and Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in Europe. All Type 1 and Type 2 diabetic patients recorded on the Registry of the European Dialysis and Transplant Association as being alive on renal replacement therapy were analysed according to age, sex, geographic distribution, and mode of therapy (haemodialysis, peritoneal dialysis or renal transplantation). During 1990 3981 diabetic patients commenced renal replacement therapy in Europe, and at 31 December 1990 a total of 15,197 diabetic patients were receiving treatment. One-third were reported to be Type 2 diabetic patients, but the true proportion is expected to be higher. Both male and female Type 2 diabetic patients were older than Type 1 patients. Major geographic variations were observed; annual acceptance of Type 2 diabetic patients for treatment was greatest in Austria (10.7 per million) and equal to Type 1 patients, whereas the number of Type 1 diabetic patients was four times that of Type 2 patients in Sweden, Finland and Norway. Overall, the majority of Type 2 diabetic patients (80%) were treated by haemodialysis, 14% by peritoneal dialysis, and 6% had a functioning renal transplant. However, transplantation was the preferred option in young patients (48% of 25-34 year olds) and in Sweden and Norway (45% of all Type 2 patients).
Comparison of the course to end-stage renal disease of type 1 (insulin-dependent) and type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic nephropathy.; Is the course leading to diabetic end-stage renal disease similar for Type 1 (insulin-dependent) and Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus? We identified all diabetic end-stage renal disease patients starting renal replacement therapy from 1989 to 1991 in two urban counties in Texas. Three ethnic/racial groups were enrolled: Mexican Americans, non-Hispanic Whites, African Americans. Patients were interviewed and their medical records, both inpatient and out-patient, were abstracted for relevant diagnostic and therapeutic information. We attempted to obtain records as far back as the onset of diabetes or hypertension and from all physicians who had cared for the patient. An historical algorithm was used to determine diabetic type. Of the patients enrolled, 91 were Type 1 and 438 were Type 2 diabetic patients. Type 1 diabetic patients had higher mean glucose levels in the first 10 years of diabetes (16.3 vs 11.4 mmol/l) but lower systolic blood pressures (148 vs 157 mmHg). The duration of diabetes prior to end-stage renal disease was longer for Type 1 than Type 2 patients (22 vs 17 years). Type 1 diabetic patients were more likely to have other microvascular complications (retinopathy, neuropathy, gastroparesis), less likely to have coronary disease (myocardial infarction and congestive heart failure), and had similar rates of stroke and vascular surgery procedures (carotid endarterectomy, coronary artery bypass surgery, aortofemoral bypass). Type 1 and Type 2 diabetic patients were just as likely to have a first degree relative with hypertension (60.5 vs 65.5%). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Microalbuminuria in a random cohort of recently diagnosed type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients living in the greater Munich area.; Still under debate is the prevalence of microalbuminuria in patients with recently diagnosed Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and its relation to existing macro-vascular disease and the major vascular risk markers. Hence, from a representative sample of 1512 patients with Type 2 diabetes of varied duration (recruited from 22 non-specialized medical practices of the Greater Munich Area) 68 (26 males, 42 females) of 71 eligible subjects with a known duration of diabetes of up to 17 weeks and not less than 4 weeks were examined in the present study. Median age was 61 (39 to 75) years, prevalence of ischaemic heart disease (case history plus ECG, Minnesota code, Whitehall criteria) 41.2%, and that of peripheral vascular and carotid artery disease (both assessed by ultrasound-Doppler) were 35.3 and 4.4%, respectively. Diabetes was well controlled (HbA1c: 6.9%, 5.6-8.3; fasting blood glucose: 7.7 mmol/l, 5.4-10.4; median +/- interquartile range IQ), the cardiovascular risk profile was most prominent in terms of triglycerides (3.1 mmol/l, 2.1-4.6, median +/- IQ range) and systolic blood pressure (164 mm Hg, 140-186, median +/- IQ range). 13.2% showed signs of urinary tract infection. Of the remainder, 19.0% exhibited microalbuminuria (RIA, > 30-200 mg/l), and 5.2% macroalbuminuria (> 200 mg/l). Significant correlations (p < 0.05) were found between urinary albumin concentration and beta 2-microglobulin in serum, systolic blood pressure, serum triglycerides, serum HDL-cholesterol (inversely), HbA1c, and peripheral vascular disease.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Abnormalities in the ultradian oscillations of insulin secretion and glucose levels in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients.; To investigate the temporal organization of insulin secretion and glucose concentration during fasting in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, we studied seven patients with Type 2 diabetes, eight obese non-diabetic control subjects and eight normal weight non-diabetic subjects. Blood sampling for glucose, insulin and C-peptide was performed at 15-min intervals during a 24-h period of fasting for the diabetic and the obese control subjects and during an 8-h fasting period for the normal subjects. Insulin secretion rates were calculated from the peripheral C-peptide concentration profiles. Ultradian oscillations of glucose levels and insulin secretion rates were evident during fasting in all subjects. An additional study with blood sampling at 2-min intervals for 8 h further indicated that this ultradian periodicity is expressed independently of rapid 10-15 min insulin oscillations. There were no differences between diabetic and non-diabetic subjects in the frequency of the ultradian oscillations of insulin secretion (which averaged 12-15 oscillations per 24 h) and in the rate of concomitancy of oscillations of insulin secretion with oscillations in glucose levels, which averaged 63-65%. The relative amplitudes of both the insulin and glucose oscillations were also similar in diabetic and nondiabetic subjects. The major abnormality in patients with Type 2 diabetes was evidenced by spectral analysis, and confirmed by calculations of the distributions of inter-pulse intervals. It consisted of a slowing of the glucose oscillations, without a similar slowing of the oscillations in insulin secretion.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Insulin resistance in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients and their relatives is not associated with a defect in the expression of the insulin-responsive glucose transporter (GLUT-4) gene in human skeletal muscle.; To study whether insulin resistance in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus is due to a defect in the expression of the insulin-responsive glucose transporter gene (GLUT-4) in human skeletal muscle, we measured the level of GLUT-4 mRNA and (in some of the subjects) its protein in muscle biopsies taken from 14 insulin-resistant patients with Type 2 diabetes, 10 first-degree relatives of the diabetic patients and 12 insulin-sensitive control subjects. Insulin sensitivity was measured with a + 45 mU.m2(-1). min-1 euglycaemic insulin clamp in combination with indirect calorimetry and infusion of [3-3H]glucose. GLUT-4 mRNA was measured using a human GLUT-4 cDNA probe and GLUT-4 protein with a polyclonal antibody specific for the 15 amino acid carboxy-terminal peptide. Both Type 2 diabetic patients and their relatives showed impaired stimulation of total-body glucose disposal by insulin compared with control subjects (29.5 +/- 2.1 and 34.0 +/- 4.8 vs 57.9 +/- 3.1 mumol.kg lean body mass-1.min-1; p less than 0.01). This impairment in glucose disposal was primarily accounted for by a reduction in insulin-stimulated storage of glucose as glycogen (13.0 +/- 2.4 and 15.6 +/- 3.9 vs 36.9 +/- 2.2 mumol.kg lean body mass-1.min-1; p less than 0.01). The levels of GLUT-4 mRNA expressed both per microgram of total RNA and per microgram DNA, were higher in the diabetic patients compared with the control subjects (116 +/- 25 vs 53 +/- 10 pg/microgram RNA and 177 +/- 35 vs 112 +/- 29 pg/microgram DNA; p less than 0.05, p less than 0.01, respectively). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Insulin receptor and insulin-responsive glucose transporter (GLUT 4) mutations and polymorphisms in a Welsh type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic population.; We have recently examined the exons encoding the insulin receptor tyrosine kinase domain and GLUT 4 in 30 subjects with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus using a molecular scanning approach. The variant sequences Val-Met985 and Lys-Glu1068 of the insulin receptor and Val-Ile383 of GLUT 4 were each separately found in three different diabetic subjects. In a study of a Welsh population, the GLUT 4(383) variant was found in three of 160 diabetic and none of the 80 control subjects. In this study, the same group of Welsh Type 2 diabetic and control subjects was analysed using allele-specific oligonucleotide hybridisation, single nucleotide primer extension and allele-specific restriction digestion to ascertain the frequency of the two insulin receptor mutations. The Val-Met985 mutation was found in none of the 160 Welsh Caucasian Type 2 diabetic subjects and two of 80 control subjects. The Lys-Glu1068 mutation removes a Sty 1 site and digestion of amplified exon 18 with Sty 1 confirmed the presence of the mutation in the heterozygous state in the original subject. None of the Welsh diabetic or control subjects had the Glu1068 mutation. The discovery of a very common silent polymorphism at codon 130 of GLUT 4 allowed examination of the association of this locus with Type 2 diabetes using allele-specific oligonucleotide hybridisation in a subset of the Welsh subjects.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Cellular and humoural autoimmunity markers in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients with secondary drug failure.; In some cases patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus fail to respond to treatment with oral hypoglycaemic agents. These patients may respond in the same way as Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetic patients. Cellular immune aggression (defined as the capacity of peripheral mononuclear cells to inhibit stimulated insulin secretion by dispersed rat islet cells), insulin autoantibodies, C-peptide response and HLA antigens were determined in 31 Type 2 diabetic patients with secondary failure to oral hypoglycaemic agents and in 22 control subjects. Nine (29.03%) of the 31 Type 2 diabetic patients showed positive cellular immune aggression (2 SD below control group) and 22 (70.97%) presented no cellular immune aggression. There was a relationship between positive cellular immune aggression and each of the following parameters: age, body mass index and microangiopathy. No correlation was found between positive cellular immune aggression and glycaemia, HbA1, blood lipids or atherosclerosis. Patients with positive cellular immune aggression showed a significantly lower glucagon-stimulated C-peptide response vs those with no cellular immune aggression. Within a sub-group of patients who had never been treated with insulin, insulin autoantibodies were present in four of six patients with positive cellular immune aggression. DR2 antigen was found with decreased frequency in patients whereas no DR3/DR4 heterozygotes were observed. Our data support the hypothesis that a group of Type 2 diabetic patients with secondary failure to oral hypoglycaemic agents presented autoimmunity towards pancreatic Beta cells.
Insulin resistance in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients with hypertriglyceridaemia.; Hypertriglyceridaemia, which is frequently seen in Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, is associated with insulin resistance. The connection between hypertriglyceridaemia and insulin resistance is not clear, but could be due to substrate competition between glucose and lipids. To address this question we measured glucose and lipid metabolism in 39 Type 2 diabetic patients with hypertriglyceridaemia, i.e. mean fasting serum triglyceride level equal to or above 2 mmol/l (age 59 +/- 1 years, BMI 27.4 +/- 0.5 kg/m2, HbA1c 8.0 +/- 0.2%, serum triglycerides 3.2 +/- 0.2 mmol/l) and 41 Type 2 diabetic patients with normotriglyceridaemia, i.e. mean fasting serum triglyceride level below 2 mmol/l (age 58 +/- 1 years, BMI 27.0 +/- 0.7 kg/m2, HbA1c 7.8 +/- 0.2%, serum triglycerides 1.4 +/- 0.1 mmol/l). Insulin sensitivity was assessed using a 340 pmol.(m2)-1 x min-1 euglycaemic insulin clamp. Substrate oxidation rates were measured with indirect calorimetry and hepatic glucose production was estimated using a primed (25 microCi)-constant (0.25 microCi/min) infusion of [3-3H]-glucose. Suppression of lipid oxidation by insulin was impaired in patients with hypertriglyceridaemia vs patients with normal triglyceride levels (3.5 +/- 0.2 vs 3.0 +/- 0.2 mumol.kg-1 x min-1; p < 0.05). Stimulation of glucose disposal by insulin was reduced in hypertriglyceridaemic vs normotriglyceridaemic patients (27.0 +/- 1.3 vs 31.9 +/- 1.6 mumol.kg-1 x min-1; p < 0.05) primarily due to impaired glucose storage (9.8 +/- 1.0 vs 14.6 +/- 1.4 mumol.kg-1 x min-1; p < 0.01). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Plasma apolipoprotein (a) is increased in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients with microalbuminuria.; Patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus complicated by microalbuminuria or albuminuria, have an increased risk of developing macrovascular disease and of early mortality. Because lipoprotein abnormalities have been associated with diabetic nephropathy, this study tested the hypothesis that levels of apolipoprotein (a) are elevated in patients with Type 2 diabetes and increased levels of urinary albumin loss. Levels of apolipoprotein (a) in diabetic patients with microalbuminuria (n = 26, geometric mean 195 U/l, 95% confidence interval 117-324) and albuminuria (n = 19, 281 U/l, 165-479) were higher than in non-diabetic control subjects (n = 140, 107 U/l, 85-134, p < 0.05), and in the albuminuric group than diabetic patients without urinary albumin loss (n = 58, 114 U/l, 76-169, p < 0.05). Patients with microalbuminuria and albuminuria had levels comparable with patients undergoing elective coronary artery graft surgery (n = 40, 193 U/l, 126-298). Apolipoprotein (a) levels were higher in diabetic patients with macrovascular disease than in those without (n = 49, 209 U/l, 143-306 vs n = 54, 116 U/l, 78-173, p < 0.05). These preliminary results suggest that raised apolipoprotein (a) levels of Type 2 diabetic patients with microalbuminuria and albuminuria may contribute to their propensity to macrovascular disease and early mortality.
Subcellular distribution of GLUT 4 in the skeletal muscle of lean type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients in the basal state.; Insulin resistance of the skeletal muscle is a key feature of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. To determine whether a decrease of glucose carrier proteins or an altered subcellular distribution of glucose transporters might contribute to the pathogenesis of the insulin resistant state, we measured glucose transporter numbers in membrane fractions of gastrocnemius muscle of 14 Type 2 diabetic patients and 16 non-diabetic control subjects under basal conditions. Cytochalasin-B binding and immunoblotting with antibodies against transporter-subtypes GLUT 1 and GLUT 4 were applied. The cytochalasin-B binding values (pmol binding sites/g muscle) found in a plasma membrane enriched fraction, high and low density membranes of both groups (diabetic patients and non-diabetic control subjects) suggested a reduced number of glucose transporters in the plasma membranes of the diabetic patients compared to the control subjects (diabetic patients: 1.47 +/- 1.01, control subjects: 3.61 +/- 2.29, p less than or equal to 0.003). There was no clear difference in cytochalasin-B binding sites in high and low density membranes of both groups (diabetic patients: high density membranes 3.76 +/- 1.82, low density membranes: 1.67 +/- 0.81; control subjects: high density membranes 5.09 +/- 1.68, low density membranes 1.45 +/- 0.90). By Western blotting analysis we determined the distribution of the glucose transporter subtypes GLUT 1 and GLUT 4 in the plasma membrane enriched fraction and low density membranes of seven patients of each group.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Plasma islet amyloid polypeptide (Amylin) levels and their responses to oral glucose in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients.; Fasting plasma islet amyloid polypeptide concentrations and their responses to an oral glucose load were determined in non-diabetic control subjects and patients with abnormal glucose tolerance in relation to the responses of insulin or C-peptide. Plasma islet amyloid polypeptide was measured by radioimmunoassay. In the non-diabetic control subjects, fasting plasma islet amyloid polypeptide was 6.4 +/- 0.5 fmol/ml (mean +/- SEM) and was about 1/7 less in molar basis than in insulin. The fasting islet amyloid polypeptide level rose in obese patients and fell in patients with Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. In non-obese patients with impaired glucose tolerance and Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients without insulin therapy, the level was equal to that of the control subjects, but a low concentration of islet amyloid polypeptide relative to insulin or C-peptide was observed in the non-obese Type 2 diabetic group. The patterns of plasma islet amyloid polypeptide responses after oral glucose were similar to those of insulin or C-peptide. However, compared to non-obese patients, a hyper-response of islet amyloid polypeptide relative to C-peptide was noted in obese patients who had a hyper-response of insulin relative to C-peptide. This study suggests that basal hypo-secretion of islet amyloid polypeptide relative to insulin exists in non-obese Type 2 diabetes and that circulating islet amyloid polypeptide may act physiologically with insulin to modulate the glucose metabolism.
Genetic variation in insulin receptor beta-chain exons among members of familial type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic pedigrees.; Insulin resistance appears to be an essential component of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Both hyperinsulinaemia and insulin resistance are inherited and may precede the onset of Type 2 diabetes. To determine whether insulin receptor gene mutations, and specifically whether mutations of the beta-chain could account for the observed insulin resistance, we studied members of 16 pedigrees ascertained for two or more Type 2 diabetic siblings and members of four additional pedigrees ascertained for a mixture of Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes. We previously demonstrated insulin resistance among unaffected members of these pedigrees. Each pedigree was initially examined with insulin receptor restriction fragment length polymorphisms to determine whether any allele segregated with Type 2 diabetes in these pedigrees. Of the 16 pedigrees ascertained for Type 2 diabetes, at least one recombinant event between diabetes and the insulin receptor locus was present in seven pedigrees. An additional two pedigrees showed no linkage if individuals with impaired glucose tolerance were also considered affected. In all but one of the remaining pedigrees, apparent sharing of haplotypes may have resulted from insufficient polymorphism to distinguish all parental alleles. Subsequently, exons 13-21 of each allele which appeared in a Type 2 diabetic individual were examined by single strand conformation polymorphisms to detect any mutations in this region. A total of five mutations were detected, but DNA sequence analysis showed each mutation to be silent and thus not likely to result in defective insulin receptor function. No mutation detected in this fashion was present on an allele which appeared to segregate with Type 2 diabetes.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Renal effects of nicardipine, a calcium antagonist, in hypertensive type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients with and without nephropathy.; The renal effects of oral maintenance doses of nicardipine 60-120 mg/day have been studied in 18 hypertensive patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus: 6 with normoalbuminuria (urinary albumin excretion rate, AER less than 20 micrograms.min-1, Group A); 6 with incipient nephropathy, (AER 20-200 micrograms.min-1, Group B); and 6 with overt nephropathy (AER greater than 200 micrograms.min-1, Group C). Treatment for 4 weeks significantly lowered the systolic and diastolic blood pressures and reduced total renal vascular resistance in all three groups. Nicardipine increased renal blood flow significantly in Group C and slightly in Group B, and had no effect in Group A. Glomerular filtration rate remained unchanged in all three groups. It significantly reduced AER and the fractional clearance of albumin in Group B, whereas AER in Groups A and C was not altered. Plasma renin activity, aldosterone concentration, osmotic pressure, serum total protein and albumin concentrations and haemoglobin A1c level were similar in the control and nicardipine phases in all three groups. The results suggest that nicardipine may preserve renal function whilst having a concomitant hypotensive action in hypertensive Type 2 diabetic patients with normoalbuminuria and incipient nephropathy, and that the drug may improve renal blood flow in patients with overt nephropathy. The effect of the drug on urinary albumin excretion may deserve further investigation.
Microalbuminuria predicts the development of serum lipoprotein abnormalities favouring atherogenesis in newly diagnosed type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients.; We studied the relationship of slight albuminuria (microalbuminuria) to serum lipid and lipoproteins in a representative group of middle-aged Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients. A random sample of non-diabetic control subjects was also examined. Diabetic patients had both at diagnosis and after five years higher total, LDL- and VLDL-triglyceride levels and higher VLDL-cholesterol, but lower HDL-cholesterol levels than non-diabetic subjects. No consistent difference was found in LDL-cholesterol levels between diabetic and non-diabetic subjects. The prevalence of microalbuminuria (greater than 35 mg/24h) remained about the same in diabetic patients at both examinations (19-20%). The diabetic patients with persistent microalbuminuria were slightly hyperglycaemic and they tended to have lower creatinine clearance at the 5-year examination than those without persistent microalbuminuria. There were no differences in the blood pressure levels or the occurrence of hypertension between the diabetic groups with and without microalbuminuria. At the baseline examination, no differences were seen in serum lipids and lipoproteins between diabetic patients with and without microalbuminuria. In patients with persistent microalbuminuria, a statistically significant increase in VLDL-cholesterol (p less than 0.05) and VLDL- and LDL-triglyceride levels (p less than 0.05) and a decrease in HDL-cholesterol level (p less than 0.05) was seen at the 5-year follow-up. These changes could not be explained by age, sex, body mass index or HbA1. In conclusion, persistent microalbuminuria predicts and aggravates abnormalities in lipoprotein composition and a decrease in HDL-cholesterol in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Cellular cholesterol regulation--a defect in the type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patient in poor metabolic control.; This study investigates the relationship between Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and hypercholesterolaemia with regard to delivery of cholesterol to cells and regulation of endogenous cholesterol synthesis. The ability of LDL, from hypercholesterolaemic and Type 2 diabetic patients, to suppress cellular cholesterologenesis and to enhance mitogen-stimulated lymphocyte proliferation was compared. Cholesterol synthesis was estimated by measuring [14C]-acetate incorporation into cholesterol and lymphocyte proliferation was assessed by [3H]-thymidine incorporation into mitogen-stimulated normal lymphocytes. The results indicate that LDL from both Type 2 diabetic patients in poor metabolic control and hypercholesterolaemic patients was significantly less effective (p less than 0.001) than LDL from non-diabetic normocholesterolaemic subjects in suppressing cholesterol synthesis in lymphocytes. LDL from all hypercholesterolaemic patients enhanced lymphocyte proliferation to a greater extent than LDL from normocholesterolaemic subjects and this effect was significantly increased using LDL from Type 2 diabetic, hypercholesterolaemic patients. Both suppression of [14C]-acetate incorporation and enhancement of [3H]-thymidine uptake could be related to an increased esterified/free cholesterol ratio in the LDL particle. The fact that cholesterol synthesis and cell proliferation were markedly altered by the above changes in LDL composition suggests a mechanism for cellular cholesterol accumulation in the Type 2 diabetic patient, even in the absence of elevated serum cholesterol levels.
Islet amyloid polypeptide (amylin): no evidence of an abnormal precursor sequence in 25 type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients.; Islet amyloid polypeptide is the major protein component of the islet amyloid of patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Since the synthesis of a structurally abnormal or mutant protein may contribute to the formation of amyloid deposits, we have examined the possibility that a mutant form of islet amyloid polypeptide or its precursor contributes to the formation of islet amyloid in Type 2 diabetic patients. We have sequenced the islet amyloid polypeptide precursor coding regions of the gene of 25 patients with Type 2 diabetes. Genomic DNA fragments corresponding to exon 2 and 3 of the islet amyloid polypeptide gene were amplified from patients' peripheral blood leucocyte DNAs using the polymerase chain reaction and specific oligonucleotide primer sets, and then directly sequenced. The nucleotide sequences of the amplified regions of both alleles of the islet amyloid polypeptide gene of these 25 patients were identical to one another and to the sequence of an islet amyloid polypeptide allele isolated from a human fetal liver genomic library. These findings suggest that a primary structural abnormality of islet amyloid polypeptide or its precursor is unlikely to play a significant role in the formation of islet amyloid in Type 2 diabetic patients.
Expression of insulin regulatable glucose transporters in skeletal muscle from type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients.; A prominent feature of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus is the inability of insulin to appropriately increase the transport of glucose into target tissue. In adipocytes from individuals with Type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance has been shown to be associated with a depletion of glucose transporters. Similarly, streptozotocin induced diabetes causes a diminished expression of the insulin regulatable glucose transporter in rat adipocytes. The expression of this glucose transporter isoform has not yet been investigated in muscle tissue from patients with Type 2 diabetes. We have measured the content of the insulin regulatable glucose transporter in a vesicular fraction isolated from muscle biopsies from fasting individuals with Type 2 diabetes and control subjects, and we found that the number of the insulin regulatable glucose transporters expressed in skeletal muscle was unaffected by Type 2 diabetes (0.208 vs 0.205, arbitrary units, p greater than 0.5, control subjects and diabetic patients). Thus, the decreased glucose disposal in Type 2 diabetes is not associated with a diminished number of insulin regulatable glucose transporters.
Glucose and insulin suppression of plasma free fatty acids in obese subjects with normal glucose tolerance or mild, newly diagnosed type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes.; The in vivo suppressive effect of glucose and insulin on plasma free fatty acid concentrations was investigated in obese subjects with (n = 6) and without (n = 6) Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus during a 4h-hyperglycemic glucose clamp (about 11.2 mmol/l). Somatostatin was infused (250 micrograms/h) during the third h of glucose clamp to inhibit glucose-stimulated insulin secretion. Plasma insulin values were similar in the two groups at fasting and all throughout the study (F = 0.04; p = NS, two way analysis of variance), while the amount of glucose metabolized during the clamp was lower in diabetic subjects. Plasma free fatty acid concentrations, which were similar in the two groups at fasting, decreased during hyperglycemia and glucose-induced hyperinsulinemia (0-120 min; 180-240 min), and rose during hyperglycemia and somatostatin-inhibited insulin secretion (120-180 min). However, plasma free fatty acid concentrations were significantly higher in diabetic subjects all along the study period both in absolute terms (F = 11.4; p less than 0.0001) and when individual data were recalculated as percent of fasting value (F = 13.3; p less than 0.0001). Our data suggest that suppressibility of fasting plasma free fatty acids is lower in obese Type 2 diabetes in comparison with obese non-diabetic subjects.
Oxidative and non-oxidative glucose metabolism in non-obese type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients.; Insulin resistance is a common feature of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. This defect in insulin-mediated glucose metabolism could result from a defect in either glucose oxidation or non-oxidative glucose disposal. To examine this question, euglycaemic insulin clamp studies were performed in 16 normal weight Type 2 and 11 age-matched control subjects. In Type 2 diabetic patients the fasting plasma glucose concentration, 8.39 +/- 0.50 mmol/l, was allowed to decline (over 54 +/- 6 min) to 5.33 +/- 0.11 mmol/l before starting the insulin clamp. Total body glucose uptake was significantly decreased in Type 2 diabetic patients vs control subjects (148 +/- 15 vs 264 +/- 25 mg/min.m2, p less than 0.001). Both total glucose oxidation (59 +/- 6 vs 89 +/- 6 mg/min.m2, p less than 0.005) and non-oxidative glucose disposal (89 +/- 15 vs 179 +/- 24 mg/min.m2, p less than 0.005) were significantly reduced in the Type 2 diabetic patients. Basal glucose oxidation was also reduced in the Type 2 diabetic patients (22 +/- 3 vs 38 +/- 5 mg/min.m2, p less than 0.01). In conclusion, during the postabsorptive state and under conditions of euglycaemic hyperinsulinaemia, impairment of glucose oxidation and non-oxidative glucose disposal both contribute to the insulin resistance observed in normal weight Type 2 diabetic patients. Since lipid oxidation was normal in this group of diabetic patients, excessive non-esterified fatty acid oxidation cannot explain the defects in glucose disposal.
Insulin suppression of plasma-free fatty acid concentration in normal individuals and patients with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes.; In order to define the effect of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus on the ability of insulin to regulate plasma-free fatty acid (FFA) concentrations, we determined the plasma FFA response to the intravenous infusion of various amounts of insulin. Plasma FFA concentrations were higher in patients with Type 2 diabetes (two way analysis of variance, p less than 0.001) over a plasma insulin concentration which ranged from approximately 5 to 55 mU/l of insulin. Although plasma FFA concentrations were higher in patients with Type 2 diabetes at any given insulin concentration, the relative ability of insulin to suppress plasma FFA concentration to half the initial value was comparable in normal individuals and patients with Type 2 diabetes, occurring at a plasma insulin concentration of approximately 20 mU/l. These data demonstrate that plasma FFA levels are regulated over a narrow range of plasma insulin concentrations in humans, and that plasma concentrations are higher than normal in patients with Type 2 diabetes throughout this range.
Physiologic and cellular insulin action in a glucose-intolerant model of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes in rats.; A B-cell-deficient model for Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus has been investigated with regard to insulin action at the cellular level. Two-day-old male Sprague Dawley rats were injected with streptozotocin (90 mg/kg) or citrate buffer. At 6 weeks streptozotocin-treated animals were hyperglycaemic and exhibited glucose intolerance, e.g. at 45 min post-glucose (1.5 g/kg) the change in serum glucose level from baseline was 6 +/- 7 mg% in control rats vs. 212 +/- 18 mg% for the streptozotocin-treated rats. Basal activity and insulin action in isolated adipocytes, as estimated by 2-deoxyglucose uptake and glucose metabolism, were not influenced by streptozotocin treatment. For example, uptake of 0.1 mmol/1 2-deoxyglucose at 1000 microU insulin/ml was 58 +/- 8 pmol/10(5) cells min-1 vs 54 +/- 6 pmol for adipocytes isolated from experimental vs. control animals. Although serum insulin levels in streptozotocin-treated rats were significantly decreased (p less than 0.05), there was no difference in insulin receptor number or affinity. Glucose intolerance present in this model is similar to that in Type 2 diabetes. However, concomitant insulin intolerance was not observed. Taken together with our findings of unaltered insulin action at the cellular level, this suggests that the pathogenesis of insulin resistance is not dependent on glucose intolerance. Moreover, this hyperglycaemic model is responsive to oral hypoglycaemic agents and can be used to establish their direct effects on physiologic and cellular insulin action.
High frequency of class 3 allele in the human insulin gene in Japanese type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients with a family history of diabetes.; The restriction fragment length polymorphism in the 5' flanking region of the human insulin gene was studied in 155 nonobese Japanese subjects. The subjects consisted of 36 Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients with a family history of diabetes mellitus, 42 Type 2 diabetic patients without a family history of diabetes, 42 Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetic patients, and 35 healthy volunteers who served as control subjects. It was demonstrated that, in Japanese healthy subjects and diabetic patients, the incidence of the insertion into 5' flanking region of the insulin gene was found to be significantly lower (p less than 0.05) than those in Caucasians and other races already investigated. Even though the class 3 gene allelic frequency in Type 2 diabetic patients without a family history of diabetes (0.060) was not higher than that in healthy subjects (0.014), in nonobese Type 2 diabetic patients with a family history of diabetes the allelic frequency of the inserted class 3 gene (0.111) was found to be significantly higher (p less than 0.02) than that in control subjects. These data suggest that the insulin gene polymorphism relates to the aetiology of diabetes mellitus.
Increased lipoperoxide value and glutathione peroxidase activity in blood plasma of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic women.; The lipoperoxide values and glutathione peroxidase activity in blood plasma, along with the glutathione peroxidase, catalase and cupro-zinc superoxide dismutase activities in erythrocytes were investigated in 60 women with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and in 71 healthy women. The mean lipoperoxide value and the mean plasma glutathione peroxidase activity in the diabetic patients were significantly higher than those in the control subjects (lipoperoxide p less than 0.001, plasma glutathione peroxidase activity p less than 0.01). The plasma glutathione peroxidase activities did not, however, correlate with the plasma lipoperoxide values. The erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase activity was approximately ten times higher than that of the plasma glutathione peroxidase activity, nor did they correlate with each other. In contrast to the findings of other authors on the activities of the protective enzymes in erythrocytes against oxidative damage, there were no significant differences of erythrocytes glutathione peroxidase, catalase and superoxide dismutase activities between diabetic and control women.
Thyroid autoimmunity in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients of Caucasoid, black and Mexican origin.; Four hundred and forty-nine patients with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and 270 control subjects from Caucasoid, Mexican and black origins were screened for the presence of thyroid microsomal antibodies. Mexican female control subjects had a significantly higher frequency of thyroid microsomal antibodies when compared with black female controls (21% versus 6%, p less than 0.01). Type 2 diabetic patients did not have a higher frequency of thyroid microsomal antibodies when compared with their sex- and race-matched control counterparts. The subgroup of diabetic patients who required insulin for the control of their blood glucose did not have a higher frequency of thyroid microsomal antibodies when compared with non-insulin-requiring diabetic patients. In conclusion autoimmunity against thyroid gland, as manifested by thyroid microsomal antibodies, is not more common in Type 2 diabetic patients when compared with sex- and race-matched control subjects.
Secretion and hepatic removal of insulin in the healthy offspring of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic subjects.; The aim of the present study was to investigate the secretion and hepatic removal of insulin in the healthy offspring of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic subjects. For this purpose, we examined the insulin and C-peptide responses to a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test in a group of 55 healthy subjects each having one parent with type 2 diabetes mellitus, and in a group of 55 individuals without a family history of diabetes. All the 110 subjects in the study were ambulatory volunteers, in good general health, and with normal glucose tolerance. The two groups were carefully matched for sex, age, and body weight. Glucose and insulin concentrations as well as incremental areas were similar in the two groups. C-peptide levels and incremental areas were almost identical. C-peptide to insulin molar ratios both in fasting state and after glucose load, as well as relations between C-peptide and insulin incremental areas did not differ in the two groups. In conclusion, the healthy offspring of only one non-insulin-dependent diabetic parent show a normal beta-cell response to glucose, and normal removal of insulin by the liver.
The population association of glucokinase gene with type 2 (noninsulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in Chinese.; The association of gluckinase (GCK) gene with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus was investigated in 168 Chinese subjects (85 unrelated type 2 diabetics and 83 non-diabetic controls). The microsatellite polymorphism marker, GCK-5', was amplified with polymerase chain reaction. Four alleles were observed in Chinese population with length varying from 137bp to 143bp and the most common one being the 139bp allele 3. In comparison with non-diabetics, allele 4 was significantly increased in type 2 diabetes (10% versus 38, respectively; X2 = 6.773, P = 0.009); genotype 44 and 4X (X denotes any allele other than allele 4) were significantly increased in type 2 diabetes (16% versus 6% respectively; X2 = 6.439, P = 0.011). The frequency difference was also shown in overweight/obese subgroup comparison (X2 = 7.718, P = 0.021), but not in lean/normal-weight subgroup comparison. No differences of age of onset and frequency of positive family history were observed between type 2 diabetic patients with genotype 44 or 4X and those with XX. The risk for type 2 diabetes in Chinese with genotype 44 or 4X was about 3.5 times higher than in Chinese with genotype XX. Therefore, GCK gene was associated with Chinese type 2 diabetes.
[A twelve-year old girl with diabetes mellitus type 2].; A 12-year-old very obese girl was referred for hyperglycaemia. She had no complaints apart from a recent vaginal candidiasis. Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type 2 diabetes) was diagnosed. She was started on a hypocaloric diet and on an oral hypoglycaemic agent (metformin 500 mg/day). This case illustrates the importance of awareness of the existence of type 2 diabetes in childhood and adolescence.
Altered action of angiotensin II in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus of recent onset.; OBJECTIVE: Angiotensin II (Ang II) increases insulin sensitivity in healthy volunteers. This effect is thought to be mediated, at least in part, by an increase in skeletal muscle blood flow. In the past it had been documented that some biological actions of Ang II are altered in diabetes. We addressed the issue of whether this is also true for its action on insulin sensitivity., DESIGN AND METHODS: Twelve healthy volunteers (aged 43+/-9 years) and 15 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) of recent onset (aged 45+/-9 years) were allocated in random order in a double-blind placebo-controlled design to be administered a sham infusion or an infusion of 2 ng Ang II/kg per min. Insulin-stimulated glucose uptake (the M value) was measured with the euglycaemic clamp technique, leg muscle blood flow (MBF) with plethysmography, blood pressure with a Dinamap device, and glomerular filtration rate and effective renal plasma flow with the steady-state inulin (Cin) and p-aminohippurate (CPAH) clearance methods, respectively., RESULTS: In volunteers the mean M-value after Ang II infusion (10.1+/-1.5 mg/kg per min) was significantly higher (P < 0.01) than that after sham infusion (8.2+/-0.9 mg/kg per min). In contrast, in diabetic patients it was not significantly different with Ang II (6.1+/-1.3 mg/kg per min) and sham infusion (5.5+/-1.2 mg/kg per min). The difference in the mean absolute increase in the M value (deltaM) between groups was significant (P< 0.02). The Ang II-induced increase in MBF under euglycaemic conditions was attenuated in diabetic patients (from 15.0+/-3.5 to 15.5+/-3.9 ml/100 ml per min, NS) compared with volunteers (from 16.8+/-3.3 to 19.1+/-3.7 ml/100 ml per min, P< 0.01). Again, the difference between the mean absolute increases in MBF (deltaMBF) in the groups was significant (P < 0.01). A significant correlation was found between deltaMBF and deltaM (r= 0.62, P<0.01). The absolute acute increase in mean arterial blood pressure with Ang II was similar in diabetic patients and volunteers. Mean Cin, CPAH and fractional sodium excretion values were significantly lower and renal vascular resistances and filtration fractions higher during the Ang II than they were during the placebo clamp period. This was observed in patients as well as in healthy subjects, but the effects of Ang II on renal haemodynamics and sodium handling were more pronounced in diabetic patients., CONCLUSIONS: In patients with NIDDM of recent onset the stimulatory effect of Ang II on insulin sensitivity and on skeletal muscle blood flow is attenuated. In contrast, the effects of Ang II on renal perfusion and sodium handling are more pronounced in patients with NIDDM than they are in healthy subjects.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms of the HNF4alpha gene are associated with the conversion to type 2 diabetes mellitus: the STOP-NIDDM trial.; Hepatocyte nuclear factor 4alpha (HNF4alpha) is a transcription factor, which is necessary for normal function of human liver and pancreatic islets. We investigated whether single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of HNF4A, encoding HNF4alpha, influenced the conversion from impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) to type 2 diabetes mellitus in subjects of the STOP-NIDDM trial. This trial aimed at evaluating the effect of acarbose compared to placebo in the prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Eight SNPs covering the intragenic and alternate P2 promoter regions of HNF4A were genotyped in study samples using the TaqMan Allelic Discrimination Assays. Three SNPs in the P2 promoter region (rs4810424, rs1884614, and rs2144908) were in almost complete association (D'>0.97, r (2)>0.95) and, therefore, only rs4810424 was included in further analyses. Female carriers of the less frequent C allele of rs4810424 had a 1.7-fold elevated risk [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.09-2.66; P=0.020] for the conversion to diabetes compared to women with the common genotype after the adjustment for age, treatment group (placebo or acarbose), smoking, weight at baseline, and weight change. No association was found in men. Haplotype analysis based on three SNPs (rs4810424, rs2071197, and rs3818247) representing the linkage disequilibrium blocks in our study population indicated that the conversion to type 2 diabetes mellitus was dependent on the number of risk alleles in different haplotypes in women. Our results suggest that SNPs of HNF4A and their haplotypes predispose to type 2 diabetes mellitus in female subjects of the STOP-NIDDM study population.
Modifiable risk factors and long term risk of type 2 diabetes among individuals with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus: prospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the individual and combined associations of five modifiable risk factors with risk of type 2 diabetes among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus and examine whether these associations differ by obesity and genetic predisposition to type 2 diabetes., DESIGN: Prospective cohort study., SETTING: Nurses' Health Study II, US., PARTICIPANTS: 4275 women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, with repeated measurements of weight and lifestyle factors and followed up between 1991 and 2009., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Self-reported, clinically diagnosed type 2 diabetes. Five modifiable risk factors were assessed, including not being overweight or obese (body mass index <25.0), high quality diet (top two fifthsof the modified Alternate Healthy Eating Index), regular exercise (>=150 min/week of moderate intensity or >=75 min/week of vigorous intensity), moderate alcohol consumption (5.0-14.9 g/day), and no current smoking. Genetic susceptibility for type 2 diabetes was characterised by a genetic risk score based on 59 single nucleotide polymorphisms associated with type 2 diabetes in a subset of participants (n=1372)., RESULTS: Over a median 27.9 years of follow-up, 924 women developed type 2 diabetes. Compared with participants who did not have optimal levels of any of the risk factors for the development of type 2 diabetes, those who had optimal levels of all five factors had >90% lower risk of the disorder. Hazard ratios of type 2 diabetes for those with one, two, three, four, and five optimal levels of modifiable factors compared with none was 0.94 (95% confidence interval 0.59 to 1.49), 0.61 (0.38 to 0.96), 0.32 (0.20 to 0.51), 0.15 (0.09 to 0.26), and 0.08 (0.03 to 0.23), respectively (Ptrend<0.001). The inverse association of the number of optimal modifiable factors with risk of type 2 diabetes was seen even in participants who were overweight/obese or with higher genetic susceptibility (Ptrend<0.001). Among women with body mass index >=25 (n=2227), the hazard ratio for achieving optimal levels of all the other four risk factors was 0.40 (95% confidence interval 0.18 to 0.91). Among women with higher genetic susceptibility, the hazard ratio of developing type 2 diabetes for having four optimal factors was 0.11 (0.04 to 0.29); in the group with optimal levels of all five factors, no type 2 diabetes events were observed., CONCLUSIONS: Among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, each additional optimal modifiable factor was associated with an incrementally lower risk of type 2 diabetes. These associations were seen even among individuals who were overweight/obese or were at greater genetic susceptibility. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. Re-use permitted under CC BY. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Bone Morphogenic Protein 4 Mediates NOX1-Dependent eNOS Uncoupling, Endothelial Dysfunction, and COX2 Induction in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; We have recently shown that angiotensin II-mediated uncoupling of endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) contributes to endothelial dysfunction in streptozotocin-induced type 1 diabetes mellitus. However, it has remained unclear whether and how eNOS uncoupling occurs in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and the consequences of such in regulating vascular function. Here we investigated a role of bone morphogenic protein (BMP)-4 in mediating eNOS uncoupling, endothelial dysfunction, and inflammation in db/db mice. Circulating levels of BMP4 were markedly elevated in db/db mice but not in mice with type 1 diabetes mellitus, in which angiotensin II levels were significantly increased. Infusion of BMP4 antagonist noggin into db/db mice (15 mug/kg/day, 4 weeks) abolished eNOS uncoupling activity while restoring tetrahydrobiopterin (H(4)B) bioavailability. The impaired endothelium-dependent vasorelaxation in db/db aortas was significantly improved by noggin infusion. Exposure of aortic endothelial cells to BMP4 (50 ng/mL, 24 hours) resulted in eNOS uncoupling, which was attenuated by H(4)B precursor sepiapterin or small interfering RNA silencing nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate oxidase isoform 1 (NOX1). Interestingly, BMP4-dependent NOX1 up-regulation was abrogated by sepiapterin, implicating a NOX1-uncoupled eNOS-NOX1 feed-forward loop. BMP4 induction of cyclooxygenase 2 (COX2) expression and vascular cell adhesion protein 1 was found in db/db mice. Consistently, COX2 was up-regulated by BMP4 in endothelial cells, which was attenuated by sepiapterin, implicating an upstream role of eNOS uncoupling in COX2-mediated inflammatory activation. Taken together, our data for the first time reveal a novel role of BMP4 in inducing NOX1-dependent eNOS uncoupling in T2DM, which may promote development of novel therapeutics restoring endothelial function in T2DM.
Safety, tolerability, pharmacodynamics and pharmacokinetics following once-daily doses of BI 187004, an inhibitor of 11 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase-1, over 28 days in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and overweight or obesity.; AIMS: To study the oral 11 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase-1 (11beta-HSD1) inhibitor BI 187004 (NCT02150824), as monotherapy and in combination with metformin, versus placebo in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) affected by overweight or obesity., MATERIALS AND METHODS: This Phase II, randomized controlled trial investigated multiple rising doses of BI 187004 as monotherapy (Arm 1: 20, 80 or 240 mg) and in combination with metformin (Arm 2: 240 mg), in adults with T2DM and a body mass index of 28-40 kg/m2 ., RESULTS: In total, 103 patients (Arm 1: n = 62, Arm 2: n = 41) were included in this study. BI 187004 was rapidly absorbed and exposure increased approximately dose-dependently. Target engagement of 11beta-HSD1 was observed with near-full inhibition of 11beta-HSD1 in the liver [decreased (5alpha-tetrahydrocortisol + 5beta-tetrahydrocortisol)/tetrahydrocortisone ratio]; hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis activation was also seen (increased total urinary corticosteroids). No clinically relevant changes from baseline with BI 187004 treatment were observed for bodyweight or meal tolerance test parameters, or in most efficacy endpoints testing glucose and lipid metabolism; a significant increase was observed in weighted mean plasma glucose (p < .05 for 80 and 240 mg BI 187004) but not fasting plasma glucose. Drug-related adverse events were reported for 14 patients (22.6%) in Arm 1 and 10 patients (24.4%) in Arm 2, most frequently headache, diarrhoea, flushing and dizziness. A dose-dependent increase in heart rate was seen with BI 187004 treatment., CONCLUSIONS: BI 187004 was generally well tolerated in patients with T2DM. Despite complete 11beta-HSD1 inhibition, no clinically relevant effects were observed with BI 187004. Copyright © 2022 Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH. Diabetes, Obesity and Metabolism published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Efficacy and safety of glucagon-like peptide-1/glucagon receptor co-agonist JNJ-64565111 in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity: A randomized dose-ranging study.; Weight loss has been shown to improve metabolic parameters and cardiovascular risk in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This phase 2 study evaluated the safety and efficacy of JNJ-64565111, a dual agonist of GLP-1 and glucagon receptors, in individuals with T2DM and class II/III obesity. In this randomized, double-blind study, participants with T2DM (HbA1c 6.5%-9.5%), body mass index of 35 to 50 kg/m2 and stable weight were randomly assigned (1:1:1:1) to placebo or JNJ-64565111 (5.0 mg, 7.4 mg or 10.0 mg). The primary endpoint was percent change from baseline in body weight at week 12. Of 195 dosed participants, 144 (73.8%) completed treatment. At week 12, placebo-subtracted body weight changes were -4.6%, -5.9% and -7.2% with JNJ-64565111 5.0 mg, 7.4 mg and 10.0 mg, respectively. All JNJ-64565111 doses were associated with no change in HbA1c and slight numerical elevation of fasting insulin. Numerical increases in fasting plasma glucose were observed with JNJ-64565111 5.0 mg and 7.4 mg. Incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events, especially nausea and vomiting, was higher with JNJ-64565111 vs placebo. Overall, JNJ-64565111 significantly reduced body weight in a dose-dependent manner vs placebo but was associated with greater incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events, no HbA1c reductions, and increased fasting plasma glucose and fasting insulin. Copyright © 2021 World Obesity Federation.
Dutogliptin, a dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Dutogliptin (PHX-1149T), being developed by Phenomix Corp, Forest Laboratories Inc and Chiesi Farmaceutici SpA, is a small-molecule dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor for the potential oral treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). DPP-4 quickly degrades the insulin secretory hormones, glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide and glucagon-like peptide-1; thus inhibiting the degradation of these hormones is a viable treatment option for patients with T2DM. In preclinical studies, dutogliptin potently inhibited DPP-4 and, in a model of T2DM, treatment with dutogliptin improved glucose homeostasis. Pharmacokinetic analyses in animals, healthy individuals and patients with T2DM demonstrated that drug exposure increased in a dose-dependent manner. Results from phase II clinical trials indicated that once-daily dutogliptin, in combination with other oral diabetes therapies, reduces postprandial blood glucose and HbA1c levels, both indicators of successful diabetes management. In phase I and II trials, dutogliptin was safe, well tolerated and associated with extremely low rates of hypoglycemia. At the time of publication, phase III trials were underway and the results of these will be imperative to determine the efficacy of dutogliptin compared with other small molecule DPP-4 inhibitors, such as sitagliptin and vildagliptin.
Dapagliflozin, an oral sodium glucose cotransporter type 2 inhibitor for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Dapagliflozin (BMS-512148), a specific inhibitor of the sodium-glucose cotransporter SGLT2, is under development by AstraZeneca plc and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co for the potential oral treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM); a fixed-dose combination of dapagliflozin and metformin is also being developed by the companies for the potential treatment of diabetes mellitus. Phlorizin, a naturally occurring O-glucoside, inhibits renal glucose transport and induces glucosuria in rodent models of diabetes; however, phlorizin inhibits other glucose transporters in addition to SGLT2 and thus is not suitable for oral administration. The chemical synthesis of more specific SGLT2 inhibitors led to the identification of dapagliflozin, a C-aryl glucoside that was highly selective for SGLT2 compared with SGLT1. In phase II clinical trials in patients with T2DM, once-daily dapagliflozin induced dose-dependent increases in glucosuria and efficiently reduced HbA1c, fasting and postprandial glucose levels. Dapagliflozin was not associated with significant hypoglycemic episodes or weight gain; rather, the caloric losses related to renal glucose wasting induced a net weight loss. In addition, the diuretic effect observed with dapagliflozin may help to control hypertension, an associated finding in patients with T2DM. The major adverse effect associated with dapagliflozin appears to be an increased occurrence of mycotic genital infections.
Prevalence and Factors Related to Hypovitaminosis D in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients with Depression.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of hypovitaminosis D (hypoD) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and depression has not been documented. In addition, the risk factors are unknown. This study aimed to identify the prevalence of and risk factors for hypoD in patients with T2DM who also have depression., METHODS: 118 patients with T2DM who visited the outpatient endocrinology clinics at Cipto Mangunkusumo National Hospital between December 2019-September 2022 provided the clinical and demographic data for this cross- sectional study, including body mass index, blood pressure, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c), lipid profiles, therapy, gender, age, marital status, and educational background. We used The Beck Depression Inventory II (BDI II) to evaluate depression. We used enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay kit to assess the dependent variable: serum vitamin D. We characterized serum vitamin D levels into three groups (normal, 30 ng/mL; insufficient, 20-29 ng/mL; deficient, 20 ng/mL). We also used analyses of variance to examine the anthropometric, clinical, and biochemical factors between the three groups., RESULTS: 118 subjects with T2DM. Their median age was 56 years old (48, 75-60 years old), with a BDI II score of 17 (15-19), and a serum concentration of vitamin D. The D level was 18.3 ng/mL (9.17-29.46 ng/mL). Only 21.8% of patients with T2DM and depression had sufficient levels of vitamin D. We used multivariable analysis of variance model to examine the associations between age, BDI II score, HbA1c, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure with vitamin D level. Age and BDI II score both had a statistically significant effect on vitamin D levels., CONCLUSION: This cross-sectional study discovered that patients with T2DM and depression had a high prevalence (77.7%) of hypoD. Age and BDI II score both affected differences in vitamin D levels with statistical significance.
Population Pharmacokinetic/Pharmacodynamic Analysis of the Glucokinase Activator PB201 in Healthy Volunteers and Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Facilitating the Clinical Development of PB201 in China.; PB201 is an orally active, partial glucokinase activator targeting both pancreatic and hepatic glucokinase. As the second glucokinase activator studied beyond phase I, PB201 has demonstrated promising glycemic effects as well as favorable pharmacokinetic (PK) and safety profiles in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This study aims to develop a population PK/pharmacodynamic (PD) model for PB201 using the pooled data from nine phase I/II clinical trials conducted in non-Chinese healthy volunteers and a T2DM population and to predict the PK/PD profile of PB201 in a Chinese T2DM population. We developed the PK/PD model using the non-linear mixed-effects modeling approach. All runs were performed using the first-order conditional estimation method with interaction. The pharmacokinetics of PB201 were well fitted by a one-compartment model with saturable absorption and linear elimination. The PD effects of PB201 on reducing the fasting plasma glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin levels in the T2DM population were described by indirect response models as stimulating the elimination of fasting plasma glucose, where the production of glycosylated hemoglobin was assumed to be stimulated by fasting plasma glucose. Covariate analyses revealed enhanced absorption of PB201 by food and decreased systemic clearance with ketoconazole co-administration, while no significant covariate was identified for the pharmacodynamics. The population PK model established for non-Chinese populations was shown to be applicable to the Chinese T2DM population as verified by the PK data from the Chinese phase I study. The final population PK/PD model predicted persistent and dose-dependent reductions in fasting plasma glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin levels in the Chinese T2DM population receiving 50/50 mg, 100/50 mg, and 100/100 mg PB201 twice daily for 24 weeks independent of co-administration of metformin. Overall, the proposed population PK/PD model quantitatively characterized the PK/PD properties of PB201 and the impact of covariates on its target populations, which allows the leveraging of extensive data in non-Chinese populations with the limited data in the Chinese T2DM population to successfully supported the waiver of the clinical phase II trial and facilitate the optimal dose regimen design of a pivotal phase III study of PB201 in China. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Health-related quality of life in Indonesian type 2 diabetes mellitus outpatients measured with the Bahasa version of EQ-5D.; OBJECTIVES: To present EuroQol-5D (EQ-5D) index scores in Indonesian type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) outpatients and to investigate the associations between EQ-5D and socio-demographic characteristics and clinical condition., METHODS: Socio-demographic data were collected by interviewing participants, clinical data were obtained from treating physicians and self-reporting. Participants originated from primary and secondary care facilities in the Java and Sulawesi regions. Ordinal regression analysis was conducted with the quintiles of the EQ-5D index scores as the dependent variable to investigate the multivariate association with the participants' socio-demographic characteristics and clinical condition., RESULTS: 907 participants completed the five-level Indonesian version of the EQ-5D. The mean age of the participants was 59.3 (SD 9.7), and 57% were female. The overall EQ-5D index score was 0.77 (0.75-0.79). Male participants had a higher EQ-5D index score compared to females, and the highest percentage of self-reported health problems was in the pain/discomfort dimension (61%). Factors identified as being significantly associated with lower EQ-5D index scores were: (i) treatment in secondary care, (ii) lower educational level, (iii) dependency on caregivers, (iv) not undergoing T2DM therapy, and (v) being a housewife., CONCLUSION: This study provides estimates of EQ-5D index scores that can be used in health economic evaluations. As housewives were found to experience more T2DM-related pain/discomfort and anxiety/depression, targeted approaches to reduce these problems should be aimed specifically at this group of patients. Potential approaches could involve disease-specific-counselors (health literacy partners) who provide routine monitoring of T2DM therapy as well as improved health promotion among T2DM communities.
MicroRNA-219 decreases hippocampal long-term potentiation inhibition and hippocampal neuronal cell apoptosis in type 2 diabetes mellitus mice by suppressing the NMDAR signaling pathway.; OBJECTIVE: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a complex polygenic disease that causes hyperglycemia and accounts for 90%-95% of all diabetes mellitus cases. Hence, this study aimed to examine the effects of microRNA-219 (miR-219) on inhibition of long-term potentiation (LTP) and apoptosis of hippocampal neuronal cells in T2DM mice through the N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) signaling pathway regulation., METHODS: The T2DM mouse models were established, after which LTP in vivo was recorded by means of electrical biology, and the fasting blood glucose of mice was measured. Next, the density of pyramidal neurons in each group was calculated. Additionally, the expression levels of miR-219, the NMDAR signaling pathway [NMDAR1 (NR) 1, NR2A, and NR2B), downstream target proteins [calmodulin-dependent protein kinase-II (CaMK-II) and cAMP response element binding protein (CREB)], and apoptosis-related factors [Bcl2-associated X protein (Bax), c-caspase-9 and c-caspase-3] in the hippocampal tissues were determined. Finally, immunohistochemistry was applied to detect and measure the positive expression of Bax, caspase-9, and caspase-3 proteins., RESULTS: The results showed that upregulation of miR-219 increases LTP and density of pyramidal neurons in the hippocampal tissues of mice, while it decreases blood glucose of db/db mice. In addition, miR-219 upregulation also leads to decreased mRNA levels of NR1, NR2A, NR2B, CaMK-II, and CREB and protein levels of NR1, NR2A, NR2B, CaMK-II, CREB, p-CREB, Bax, c-caspase-9, and c-caspase-3. Furthermore, upregulation of miR-219 inhibits positive expression of Bax, caspase-9, and caspase-3 proteins, leading to the suppression of hippocampal neuronal cell apoptosis., CONCLUSION: The findings from this study indicated that the upregulation of miR-219 decreases LTP inhibition and hippocampal neuronal cell apoptosis in T2DM mice by downregulating the NMDAR signaling pathway, therefore suggesting that MiR-219 might be a future therapeutic strategy for T2DM. Copyright © 2018 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Mechanism of TangGanJian on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; CONTEXT: TangGanJian (TGJ) has a curative effect in the clinical treatment of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), while the mechanism involved in the treatment process remains unclear., OBJECTIVE: This study details the mechanism of TGJ on the treatment of NAFLD with T2DM., MATERIALS AND METHODS: NAFLD was induced in T2DM rat model. Male Wistar rats were assigned into six groups: Group I (control), Group II (model), Group III (pioglitazone, 0.5 mg/kg), Group IV (high dose of TGJ, 24.8 g/kg), Group V (middle dose of TGJ, 12.4 g/kg) and Group VI (low dose of TGJ, 6.2 g/kg). All rats in each group were treated with the corresponding drugs by gavage for 8 weeks. Haematoxylin and eosin analysis was conducted. The indicators of inflammatory and oxidative stress were analysed utilizing one-way ANOVA., RESULTS: The contents of TNF-alpha (15.794 +/- 3.302 pg/mL), IL-6 (76.801 +/- 8.491 pg/mL), IL-1beta (100.101 +/- 13.150 pg/mL), CRP (1.052 +/- 0.079 pg/mL) and MDA (3.972 +/- 0.159 pg/mL) were obviously elevated in NAFLD with T2DM rats compared to controls. Except for the IL-6, the levels of other markers declined in a dose-dependent manner after treatment with TGJ. The SOD (14.139 +/- 1.479 U/mgprot) and GSH-PX (81.511 +/- 5.276 U/mgprot) levels significantly decreased in NAFLD with T2DM rats, while the levels of these indicators increased after treatment with TGJ., CONCLUSIONS: TGJ may be a therapy for the NAFLD with T2DM rats by modulating the inflammatory response and the oxidative stress capacity.
The Hepatoprotective Effect of Jaboticaba Peel Powder in a Rat Model of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Involves the Modulation of Thiol/Disulfide Redox State through the Upregulation of Glutathione Synthesis.; Jaboticaba peel powder (JPP) is rich in bioactive compounds, mainly soluble and insoluble polyphenols with great antioxidant properties. The aim of this study is to evaluate the effects of JPP supplementation on the oxidative stress and hepatic damage in a rat model of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Diabetic rats received vehicle or JPP at 2.7 (JPP-I), 5.4 (JPP-II), or 10.8 (JPP-III) g/L in drinking water during 8 weeks. JPP-III attenuated hyperglycaemia and dyslipidemia increased by 86% the liver content of nonprotein thiol groups and by 90% the GSH/GSSG ratio by activating glutathione synthesis. Accordingly, JPP supplementation prevented the loss of activity of the sulfhydryl-dependent enzyme delta-aminolaevulinic acid dehydratase and attenuated hepatic injury assessed by the reduction of serum aspartate aminotransferase activity and liver hypertrophy. Our results support that JPP supplementation to T2DM rats decreases hepatic damage most likely by increasing glutathione synthesis and modulating the thiol/disulfide redox balance.
Novel gut-based pharmacology of metformin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; UNLABELLED: Metformin, a biguanide derivate, has pleiotropic effects beyond glucose reduction, including improvement of lipid profiles and lowering microvascular and macrovascular complications associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). These effects have been ascribed to adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activation in the liver and skeletal muscle. However, metformin effects are not attenuated when AMPK is knocked out and intravenous metformin is less effective than oral medication, raising the possibility of important gut pharmacology. We hypothesized that the pharmacology of metformin includes alteration of bile acid recirculation and gut microbiota resulting in enhanced enteroendocrine hormone secretion. In this study we evaluated T2DM subjects on and off metformin monotherapy to characterize the gut-based mechanisms of metformin. Subjects were studied at 4 time points: (i) at baseline on metformin, (ii) 7 days after stopping metformin, (iii) when fasting blood glucose (FBG) had risen by 25% after stopping metformin, and (iv) when FBG returned to baseline levels after restarting the metformin. At these timepoints we profiled glucose, insulin, gut hormones (glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), peptide tyrosine-tyrosine (PYY) and glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP) and bile acids in blood, as well as duodenal and faecal bile acids and gut microbiota. We found that metformin withdrawal was associated with a reduction of active and total GLP-1 and elevation of serum bile acids, especially cholic acid and its conjugates. These effects reversed when metformin was restarted. Effects on circulating PYY were more modest, while GIP changes were negligible. Microbiota abundance of the phylum Firmicutes was positively correlated with changes in cholic acid and conjugates, while Bacteroidetes abundance was negatively correlated. Firmicutes and Bacteroidetes representation were also correlated with levels of serum PYY. Our study suggests that metformin has complex effects due to gut-based pharmacology which might provide insights into novel therapeutic approaches to treat T2DM and associated metabolic diseases., TRIAL REGISTRATION: www.ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01357876.
Changes in red meat consumption and subsequent risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: three cohorts of US men and women.; IMPORTANCE: Red meat consumption has been consistently associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, whether changes in red meat intake are related to subsequent T2DM risk remains unknown., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association between changes in red meat consumption during a 4-year period and subsequent 4-year risk of T2DM in US adults., DESIGN AND SETTING: Three prospective cohort studies in US men and women., PARTICIPANTS: We followed up 26,357 men in the Health Professionals Follow-up Study (1986-2006), 48,709 women in the Nurses' Health Study (1986-2006), and 74,077 women in the Nurses' Health Study II (1991-2007). Diet was assessed by validated food frequency questionnaires and updated every 4 years. Time-dependent Cox proportional hazards regression models were used to calculate hazard ratios with adjustment for age, family history, race, marital status, initial red meat consumption, smoking status, and initial and changes in other lifestyle factors (physical activity, alcohol intake, total energy intake, and diet quality). Results across cohorts were pooled by an inverse variance-weighted, fixed-effect meta-analysis., MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Incident T2DM cases validated by supplementary questionnaires., RESULTS: During 1,965,824 person-years of follow-up, we documented 7540 incident T2DM cases. In the multivariate-adjusted models, increasing red meat intake during a 4-year interval was associated with an elevated risk of T2DM during the subsequent 4 years in each cohort (all P < .001 for trend). Compared with the reference group of no change in red meat intake, increasing red meat intake of more than 0.50 servings per day was associated with a 48% (pooled hazard ratio, 1.48; 95% CI, 1.37-1.59) elevated risk in the subsequent 4-year period, and the association was modestly attenuated after further adjustment for initial body mass index and concurrent weight gain (1.30; 95% CI, 1.21-1.41). Reducing red meat consumption by more than 0.50 servings per day from baseline to the first 4 years of follow-up was associated with a 14% (pooled hazard ratio, 0.86; 95% CI, 0.80-0.93) lower risk during the subsequent entire follow-up through 2006 or 2007., CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Increasing red meat consumption over time is associated with an elevated subsequent risk of T2DM, and the association is partly mediated by body weight. Our results add further evidence that limiting red meat consumption over time confers benefits for T2DM prevention.
Glucose sensing by gut endocrine cells and activation of the vagal afferent pathway is impaired in a rodent model of type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Glucose in the gut lumen activates gut endocrine cells to release 5-HT, glucagon-like peptide 1/2 (GLP-1/2), and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP), which act to change gastrointestinal function and regulate postprandial plasma glucose. There is evidence that both release and action of incretin hormones is reduced in type 2 diabetes (T2D). We measured cellular activation of enteroendocrine and enterochromaffin cells, enteric neurons, and vagal afferent neurons in response to intestinal glucose in a model of type 2 diabetes mellitus, the UCD-T2DM rat. Prediabetic (PD), recent-diabetic (RD, 2 wk postonset), and 3-mo diabetic (3MD) fasted UCD-T2DM rats were given an orogastric gavage of vehicle (water, 0.5 ml /100 g body wt) or glucose (330 mumol/100 g body wt); after 6 min tissue was removed and cellular activation was determined by immunohistochemistry for phosphorylated calcium calmodulin-dependent kinase II (pCaMKII). In PD rats, pCaMKII immunoreactivity was increased in duodenal 5-HT (P < 0.001), K (P < 0.01) and L (P < 0.01) cells in response to glucose; glucose-induced activation of all three cell types was significantly reduced in RD and 3MD compared with PD rats. Immunoreactivity for GLP-1, but not GIP, was significantly reduced in RD and 3MD compared with PD rats (P < 0.01). Administration of glucose significantly increased pCaMKII in enteric and vagal afferent neurons in PD rats; glucose-induced pCaMKII immunoreactivity was attenuated in enteric and vagal afferent neurons (P < 0.01, P < 0.001, respectively) in RD and 3MD. These data suggest that glucose sensing in enteroendocrine and enterochromaffin cells and activation of neural pathways is markedly impaired in UCD-T2DM rats.
Dysregulation of glycogen synthase COOH- and NH2-terminal phosphorylation by insulin in obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus.; CONTEXT: Insulin-stimulated glucose disposal is impaired in obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and is tightly linked to impaired skeletal muscle glucose uptake and storage. Impaired activation of glycogen synthase (GS) by insulin is a well-established defect in both obesity and T2DM, but the underlying mechanisms remain unclear., DESIGN AND PARTICIPANTS: Insulin action was investigated in a matched cohort of lean healthy, obese nondiabetic, and obese type 2 diabetic subjects by the euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp technique combined with muscle biopsies. Activity, site-specific phosphorylation, and upstream signaling of GS were evaluated in skeletal muscle., RESULTS: GS activity correlated inversely with phosphorylation of GS site 2+2a and 3a. Insulin significantly decreased 2+2a phosphorylation in lean subjects only and induced a larger dephosphorylation at site 3 in lean compared with obese subjects. The exaggerated insulin resistance in T2DM compared with obese subjects was not reflected by differences in site 3 phosphorylation but was accompanied by a significantly higher site 1b phosphorylation during insulin stimulation. Hyperphosphorylation of another Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent kinase-II target, phospholamban-Thr17, was also evident in T2DM. Dephosphorylation of GS by phosphatase treatment fully restored GS activity in all groups., CONCLUSIONS: Dysregulation of GS phosphorylation plays a major role in impaired insulin regulation of GS in obesity and T2DM. In obesity, independent of T2DM, this is associated with impaired regulation of site 2+2a and likely site 3, whereas the exaggerated insulin resistance to activate GS in T2DM is linked to hyperphosphorylation of at least site 1b. Thus, T2DM per se seems unrelated to defects in the glycogen synthase kinase-3 regulation of GS.
Hormonal evaluation following laparoscopic treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with BMI 20-34.; BACKGROUND: A group of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and body mass index (BMI) 20-34 kg/m(2) were submitted to laparoscopic interposition of a segment of ileum into the proximal jejunum or into the proximal duodenum associated to a sleeve gastrectomy. The objective of this study is to evaluate the hormonal changes in the pre- and postoperative period., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Hormonal evaluation was done in 58 patients operated between April 2005 and July 2006. Mean age was 51.4 years (40-66 years). Mean BMI was 28.2 (20-34.8) kg/m(2). All patients had had the diagnosis of T2DM for at least 3 years. Mean duration of T2DM was 9.6 years (3-22 years). Two techniques were performed, consisting of different combinations of ileal interposition (II) associated to a sleeve gastrectomy (SG). The following hormones were assayed in the pre- and postoperative period (mean 16 months) at the baseline and following specific food stimulation (30, 60, 120 min): glucogen-like protein 1 (GLP-1), glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP), insulin, glucagon, C-peptide, amylin, cholecystokinin (CCK), pancreatic polypeptide (PPP), somatostatin, peptide YY (PYY), ghrelin, adiponectin, resistin, leptin, and interleukin-6 (IL-6)., RESULTS: Thirty patients had II associated to sleeve gastrectomy (II-SG) and 28 had II with diverted sleeve gastrectomy (II-DSG). GLP1 exhibited an important rise following the two operations, especially after II-DSG (p < 0.001). GIP also exhibited an important rise, with both II-SG and II-DSG being equally effective (p < 0.001). Insulin and amylin showed a significant rise at 30 min. Glucagon decreased slightly. CCK measurements were very low after II-DSG. PPP was also slightly altered by the II-DSG. PYY showed an important increase with both operations (p < 0.001). Ghrelin showed a significant decrease following the two operations (p < 0.001). Somatostatin and IL-6 were not affected (p = 0.632). Both leptin and resistin blood levels decreased. Adiponectin showed a slight increase. Mean postoperative follow-up was 19.2 months. Both II-SG and II-DSG were effective in achieving adequate glycemic control (91.2%)., CONCLUSIONS: There was a significant hormonal change following laparoscopic ileal interposition. These alterations may explain the promising good results associated to these operations for the treatment of T2DM in the nonmorbidly obese population.
Mibefradil reduces hepatic glucose output in HepG2 cells via Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II-dependent Akt/forkhead box O1signaling.; The effects and underlying mechanisms of mibefradil on gluconeogenesis and glycogenesis were investigated using insulin-resistant HepG2 human hepatocellular carcinoma cells and a mouse model of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). HepG2 cells were divided into one of four groups: control, palmitate (PA)-induced insulin-resistance (0.25 mM), low-concentration mibefradil (0.025 muM), or high-concentration mibefradil (0.05 muM). Glycogen synthesis and glucose consumption were evaluated in these HepG2 cells, and quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) and western blotting techniques were used to detect expression of forkhead box O1 (FoxO1), phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK), and glucose 6-phosphatase (G6Pase). Intracellular calcium concentrations were determined using Fluo-4 AM, and phosphorylation levels of calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II (CaMKII), protein kinase B (Akt) and FoxO1were detected by western blotting. Immunofluorescence was used for the localization and quantification of FoxO1. In vitro results were verified using a mouse model of T2DM. In HepG2 cells and mouse liver tissues, mibefradil decreased PA-induced cytoplasmic calcium levels and CaMKII phosphorylation, but increased the phosphorylation of Akt and FoxO1, thereby contributing to the cytoplasmic localization of FoxO1. Additionally, mibefradil alleviated PA-induced glucose output and insulin resistance through increased glucose consumption and glycogen synthesis, while decreasing the expression of key gluconeogenesis enzymes, including PEPCK and G6Pase. Mibefradil may help to control blood sugar levels by reducing glucose output and insulin resistance, and the mechanism of action may involve the Ca2+-CaMKII-dependent Akt/FoxO1 signaling pathway. Copyright © 2021. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Mibefradil reduces hepatic glucose output in HepG2 cells via Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II-dependent Akt/forkhead box O1signaling.; The effects and underlying mechanisms of mibefradil on gluconeogenesis and glycogenesis were investigated using insulin-resistant HepG2 human hepatocellular carcinoma cells and a mouse model of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). HepG2 cells were divided into one of four groups: control, palmitate (PA)-induced insulin-resistance (0.25 mM), low-concentration mibefradil (0.025 muM), or high-concentration mibefradil (0.05 muM). Glycogen synthesis and glucose consumption were evaluated in these HepG2 cells, and quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) and western blotting techniques were used to detect expression of forkhead box O1 (FoxO1), phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK), and glucose 6-phosphatase (G6Pase). Intracellular calcium concentrations were determined using Fluo-4 AM, and phosphorylation levels of calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II (CaMKII), protein kinase B (Akt) and FoxO1were detected by western blotting. Immunofluorescence was used for the localization and quantification of FoxO1. In vitro results were verified using a mouse model of T2DM. In HepG2 cells and mouse liver tissues, mibefradil decreased PA-induced cytoplasmic calcium levels and CaMKII phosphorylation, but increased the phosphorylation of Akt and FoxO1, thereby contributing to the cytoplasmic localization of FoxO1. Additionally, mibefradil alleviated PA-induced glucose output and insulin resistance through increased glucose consumption and glycogen synthesis, while decreasing the expression of key gluconeogenesis enzymes, including PEPCK and G6Pase. Mibefradil may help to control blood sugar levels by reducing glucose output and insulin resistance, and the mechanism of action may involve the Ca2+-CaMKII-dependent Akt/FoxO1 signaling pathway. Copyright © 2021. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Cost-Effectiveness Analysis of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) Treatment in Patients with Complications of Kidney and Peripheral Vascular Diseases in Indonesia.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a chronic disease with high-cost treatment. This study aimed to analyze the cost-effectiveness of T2DM treatment in hospitalized patients with complications of kidney and peripheral vascular disease (PVD) in Indonesia by focusing on patients of Health Social Security Agency (BPJS Kesehatan). An observational study was applied by collecting data retrospectively from patients' medical record at the biggest public hospital in West Java Province, Indonesia. Two perspectives of payer and healthcare provider were applied to estimate the treatment cost. We considered following inclusion criteria: (i) Hospitalized T2DM patients without complication, with complications of kidney and PVD during 2014-2017; (ii) member of BPJS Kesehatan; (iii) >18 years old patients; and (iv) patients with complete medical record data. The results showed that the majority patients were female (56.72%), 45-64 years old (69.40%), and had a length of stay at 4-10 days (54.48%). The greatest contributions in the total treatment cost were found to be hospital room, medical services and medicines for the treatment of T2DM without complications, with complications of kidney and PVD, respectively. From the perspective of payer, the incremental cost-effectiveness ratios (ICERs) of T2DM treatment with complications of kidney and PVD would be IDR 215,723 and IDR 234,591 per 1 mg/dL blood glucose reduction, respectively. From the perspective of healthcare provider, the ICERs of T2DM treatment with complications of kidney and PVD would be IDR 166,289 and IDR 681,853 per 1 mg/dL blood glucose reduction in both perspectives (1 US$ = IDR 13,451). In a comparison with T2DM without complication, reducing 1 mg/dL blood glucose in T2DM treatment with complication of PVD would require higher cost than in T2DM treatment with complication of kidney from both perspectives.
Randomised, cOntrolled Multicentre trial of 26 weeks subcutaneous liraglutide (a glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor Agonist), with or without contiNuous positive airway pressure (CPAP), in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and obstructive sleep apnoEa (OSA) (ROMANCE): study protocol assessing the effects of weight loss on the apnea-hypnoea index (AHI).; INTRODUCTION: Obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) often occur concurrently, and untreated OSA may potentially amplify the high risk of cardiovascular disease in T2DM. Compliance with continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP), the conventional treatment for OSA, can be poor and considering weight loss is the most effective treatment for OSA. This trial examines whether the glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist liraglutide, a glucose-lowering therapy associated with significant weight loss used in T2DM, can improve the severity and symptoms of OSA., METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This is an outpatient, single-centred, open-labelled, prospective, phase IV randomised controlled trial in a two-by-two factorial design. One hundred and thirty-two patients with newly diagnosed OSA (apnoea-hypopnoea index (AHI) >=15 events/hour), and existing obesity and T2DM (glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) >=47 mmol/mol), will be recruited from diabetes and sleep medicine outpatient clinics in primary and secondary care settings across Liverpool. Patients will be allocated equally, using computer-generated random, permuted blocks of unequal sizes, to each of the four treatment arms for 26 weeks: (i) liraglutide (1.8 mg once per day) alone, (ii) liraglutide 1.8 mg once per day with CPAP, (iii) CPAP alone (conventional care) or (iv) no treatment (control). The primary outcome measure is change in OSA severity, determined by AHI. Secondary outcome measures include effects on glycaemic control (glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c)), body weight and quality of life measures. Exploratory measures include measures of physical activity, MRI-derived measures of regional body composition including fat mass (abdominal subcutaneous, visceral, neck and liver fat) and skeletal muscle mass (cross-sectional analysis of thigh), indices of cardiac function (using transthoracic echocardiography) and endothelial function., ETHICAL APPROVAL: The study has been approved by the North West Liverpool Central Research Ethics Committee (14/NW/1019) and it is being conducted in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki and Good Clinical Practice., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBERS: ISRCTN16250774. EUDRACT No. 2014-000988-41. UTN U1111-1139-0677. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2020. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
In vitro effect of gliclazide on DNA damage and repair in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).; Type 2 diabetes mellitus is associated with elevated level of oxidative stress, which is one of the most important factors responsible for the development of chronic complications of this disease. Moreover, it was shown that diabetic patients had increased level of oxidative DNA damage and decreased effectiveness of DNA repair. These changes may be associated with increased risk of cancer in T2DM patients, since DNA damage and DNA repair play a pivotal role in malignant transformation. It was found that gliclazide, an oral hypoglycemic drug with antioxidant properties, diminished DNA damage induced by free radicals. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to evaluate the in vitro impact of gliclazide on: (i) endogenous basal and oxidative DNA damage, (ii) DNA damage induced by hydrogen peroxide and (iii) the efficacy of DNA repair of such damage. DNA damage and DNA repair in peripheral blood lymphocytes of 30 T2DM patients and 30 non-diabetic individuals were evaluated by alkaline single cell electrophoresis (comet) assay. The extent of oxidative DNA damage was assessed by DNA repair enzymes: endonuclease III and formamidopyrimidine-DNA glycosylase. The endogenous basal and oxidative DNA damages were higher in lymphocytes of T2DM patients compared to non-diabetic subjects and gliclazide decreased the level of such damage. The drug significantly decreased the level of DNA damage induced by hydrogen peroxide in both groups. Gliclazide increased the effectiveness of DNA repair in lymphocytes of T2DM patients (93.4% (with gliclazide) vs 79.9% (without gliclazide); P< or =0.001) and non-diabetic subjects (95.1% (with gliclazide) vs 90.5% (without gliclazide); P< or =0.001). These results suggest that gliclazide may protect against the oxidative stress-related chronic diabetes complications, including cancer, by decreasing the level of DNA damage induced by reactive oxygen species.
MicroRNA-155 mediates endogenous angiotensin II type 1 receptor regulation: implications for innovative type 2 diabetes mellitus management.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a lifelong condition and a threat to human health. Thorough understanding of its pathogenesis is acutely needed in order to devise innovative, preventative, and potentially curative pharmacological interventions. MicroRNAs (miRNA), are small, non-coding, one-stranded RNA molecules, that can target and silence around 60% of all human genes through translational repression. MiR-155 is an ancient, evolutionarily well-conserved miRNA, with distinct expression profiles and multifunctionality, and a target repertoire of over 241 genes involved in numerous physiological and pathological processes including hematopoietic lineage differentiation, immunity, inflammation, viral infections, cancer, cardiovascular conditions, and particularly diabetes mellitus. MiR-155 Levels are progressively reduced in aging, obesity, sarcopenia, and T2DM. Thus, the loss of coordinated repression of multiple miR-155 targets acting as negative regulators, such as C/EBPbeta, HDAC4, and SOCS1 impacts insulin signaling, deteriorating glucose homeostasis, and causing insulin resistance (IR). Moreover, deranged regulation of the renin angiotensin aldo-sterone system (RAAS) through loss of Angiotensin II Type 1 receptor downregulation, and negated repression of ETS-1, results in unopposed detrimental Angiotensin II effects, further promoting IR. Finally, loss of BACH1 and SOCS1 repression abolishes cytoprotective, anti-oxidant, anti-apoptotic, and anti-inflammatory cellular pathways, and promotes beta-cell loss. In contrast to RAAS inhibitor treatments that further decrease already reduced miR-155 Levels, strategies to increase an ailing miR-155 production in T2DM, e.g., the use of metformin, mineralocorticoid receptor blockers (spironolactone, eplerenone, finerenone), and verapamil, alone or in various combinations, represent current treatment options. In the future, direct tissue delivery of miRNA analogs is likely. Copyright ©The Author(s) 2023. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparison of Clinical Efficacy and Safety of Metformin Sustained-Release Tablet (II) (Dulening) and Metformin Tablet (Glucophage) in Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; Objectives: This study investigated the clinical efficacy and safety of metformin hydrochloride sustained-release (SR) tablet (II) produced by Dulening and the original metformin hydrochloride tablet produced by Glucophage in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)., Methods: This randomized, open and parallel controlled clinical trial consecutively recruited a total of 886 patients with T2DM in 40 clinical centers between May 2016 and December 2018. These patients were randomly assigned to the Dulening group (n=446), in which patients were treated with Dulening metformin SR tablets, and the Glucophage group (n=440), in which patients were treated with Glucophage metformin tablets, for 16 weeks. The changes in the levels of glycated hemoglobin (HbAc1) and fasting blood glucose (FBG) as well as weight loss were compared between these two groups. Also, the overall incidence of adverse drug reactions (ADRs) and the incidence of ADR of the gastrointestinal system observed in patients of these two groups were also compared., Results: There were no significant differences in demographic and basal clinical characteristics between these two groups. The Dulening and Glucophage groups showed comparable levels of decrease in HbA1c levels, FBG and weight loss after 12-week treatment (all p>0.05). The Dulening group had a significantly lower overall incidence of ADRs as well as gastrointestinal ADR than the Glucophage group., Conclusions: Metformin SR tablets (II) and the original metformin tablets exhibit similar therapeutic efficacy in the treatment of T2DM, but metformin SR tablets (II) has the significantly lower incidence of ADRs than the original metformin tablets. Copyright © 2021 Guo, Liu, Chen, Wang, Guo, Zheng, Duan, Wang, Zhu, Wang, Tan, Chen, Li, Yang, Zhang, Xie and Lei.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Class II and III Obesity: Prevalence, Associated Factors, and Correlation between Glycemic Parameters and Body Mass Index.; Despite the worldwide growth of class II and III obesity, the factors associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in these obese individuals are not widely understood. Moreover, no study has investigated these associations in South America. Our study aimed to investigate the prevalence of T2DM and its associated factors, with an emphasis on biochemical parameters and eating habits, in class II and III obese individuals. We also aimed to analyze the correlation between glycemic parameters and body mass index (BMI). Baseline data from a randomized clinical trial (DieTBra Trial) of 150 class II and III obese individuals (BMI > 35 kg/m2) was used. An accelerometer, Food Frequency Questionnaire, and bioimpedance analysis were used to assess physical activity levels, eating habits, and body composition, respectively. Blood was collected after 12 h of fasting. Hierarchical multivariate Poisson regression was performed, and prevalence ratios (PRs) were calculated. Correlations between glycemic parameters (fasting blood glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and insulin) and BMI were also analyzed. The prevalence of T2DM was 40.0% (95% CI, 32.1-48.3), high fasting blood glucose level was 19.33% (95% CI, 13.3-26.6), and high glycosylated hemoglobin was 32.67% (95% CI, 25.2-40.8). Age >= 50 years (PR = 3.17, 95% CI, 1.26-7.98) was significantly associated with T2DM; there was a positive linear trend between age and T2DM (p = 0.011). Multivariate analysis showed an association with educational level (PR = 1.49, 1.07-2.09, p = 0.018), nonconsumption of whole grains daily (PR = 1.67, 1.00-2.80, p = 0.049), and high HOMA-IR (PR = 1.54, 1.08-2.18, p = 0.016). We found a high prevalence of T2DM and no significant correlations between BMI and glycemic parameters.
Quality assessment of recent evidence-based clinical practice guidelines for management of type 2 diabetes mellitus in adults using the AGREE II instrument.; RATIONALE, AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a worldwide and national public health problem that has a great impact on the population in Saudi Arabia. High-quality clinical practice guidelines (CPGs) are cornerstones in improving the health care provided for patients with diabetes. This study evaluated the methodological rigour, transparency, and applicability of recently published CPGs., METHODS: Our group conducted a systematic search for recently published CPGs for T2DM. The searching and screening for Source CPGs were guided by tools from the ADAPTE methods with specific inclusion/exclusion criteria. Five reviewers using the second version of the Appraisal of Guidelines for Research and Evaluation (AGREE II) Instrument independently assessed the quality of the retrieved Source CPGs., RESULTS: Domains of Scope and purpose and Clarity of presentation received the highest scores in all CPGs. Most of the assessed CPGs (86%) were considered with high overall quality and were recommended for use. Rigour of development and applicability domains were together highest in 3 CPGs (43%). The overall high quality of DM CPGs published in the last 3 years demonstrated the continuous development and improvement in CPG methodologies and standards., CONCLUSIONS: Health care professionals should consider the quality of any CPG for T2DM before deciding to use it in their daily clinical practice. Three CPGs have been identified, using the AGREE criteria, as high-quality and trustworthy. Ideally, the resources provided by the AGREE trust including the AGREE II Instrument should be used by a clinician to scan through the large number of published T2DM CPGs to identify the CPGs with high methodological quality and applicability. Copyright © 2017 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Dose-finding study of luseogliflozin in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a 12-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase II study.; OBJECTIVES: Luseogliflozin is a selective sodium glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor under development for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This phase II study was conducted to confirm the efficacy and safety of luseogliflozin monotherapy at doses of up to 10 mg in Japanese patients with T2DM., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients with hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) of 6.9-10.5% on diet therapy were randomized in a double-blind manner to treatment with 1, 2.5, 5, or 10 mg luseogliflozin or placebo for 12 weeks (n = 56, 56, 54, 58, and 58, respectively)., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Japan Pharmaceutical Information Center (identifier: Japic CTI-101191)., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary endpoint was the change in HbA1c from baseline to the end of treatment. Other endpoints included fasting plasma glucose (FPG), postprandial plasma glucose (PPG) and body weight. Adverse events were recorded throughout the study., RESULTS: HbA1c decreased significantly at the end of treatment in the 1, 2.5, 5, and 10 mg luseogliflozin groups compared with placebo (-0.29, -0.39, -0.46, and -0.43%, respectively, versus +0.22%; all P < 0.001), as did FPG and PPG (all P < 0.001). Body weight also decreased significantly in all luseogliflozin groups compared with placebo (all P < 0.001). The incidence rates of adverse events (40.0-50.0%) were not significantly different among the five groups. The overall incidence of hypoglycemia was low. Limitations of this study include the short study duration and the relatively small sample size., CONCLUSIONS: In Japanese patients with T2DM, luseogliflozin was well tolerated, improved glycemic control, and reduced body weight over 12 weeks of treatment at all tested doses. Doses of >=2.5 mg achieved similar improvements in glycemic control.
Efficacy and safety of luseogliflozin monotherapy in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a 12-week, randomized, placebo-controlled, phase II study.; OBJECTIVE: Luseogliflozin is a novel sodium glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) treatment. An exploratory Phase II study was conducted to assess the efficacy and safety of several doses of luseogliflozin in Japanese T2DM patients., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Japanese T2DM patients aged 20-74 years with hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) of 6.9-10.5%, fasting plasma glucose (FPG) >=126 mg/dL and on diet therapy were randomized in a double-blind manner to receive luseogliflozin (0.5, 2.5, or 5 mg) or placebo once daily for 12 weeks (n = 61, 61, 61, and 56, respectively). The primary endpoint was the change in HbA1c from baseline to end of treatment. Other endpoints included FPG, 2 h postprandial plasma glucose (PPG) in a meal tolerance test (MTT), and body weight. Drug safety was also assessed., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Japan Pharmaceutical Information Center (identifier: JapicCTI-090908)., RESULTS: Changes in HbA1c from baseline to end of treatment were -0.36, -0.62, and -0.75% in the 0.5, 2.5, and 5 mg luseogliflozin groups, respectively, versus +0.06% in the placebo group (all P < 0.001). The reductions in FPG and 2 h-PPG in the MTT were also significantly greater in the luseogliflozin groups (all P < 0.01) without increases in insulin levels from baseline. Luseogliflozin reduced body weight at all doses. There were no significant differences in the incidences of adverse events among groups. Most adverse events were mild in severity. There were no serious adverse events., CONCLUSIONS: Although this was a small-scale study with a short duration, all tested doses of luseogliflozin significantly improved glycemic control, reduced body weight, and were well tolerated in Japanese T2DM patients over the 12-week treatment period.
Changes of plasma aldosterone and angiotensin II levels in patients with ischemic cardiomyopathy combined with Type-2 diabetes mellitus and their clinical significance.; Objective: To analyze the changes of plasma aldosterone (ALD) and angiotensin II (Ang II) levels in patients with ischemic cardiomyopathy (ICM) combined with Type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and their clinical significance., Methods: Sixty-eight patients with ICM combined with T2DM and fifty-two patients with simple ICM treated in the People's Hospital of Three Gorges University/the First People's Hospital of Yichang from February 2018 to February 2021 were selected as observation group and control group, respectively. All the patients had intervention with the same neuroendocrine hormone regime. The plasma ALD and Ang II and left ventricular function indexes (left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF), left ventricular end-diastolic diameter (LVEDD) and left ventricular end-systolic diameter (LVESD)] were measured and compared between the two groups before and after treatment. The correlations of plasma ALD and Ang-II with left ventricular function before treatment were analyzed using Pearson's correlation analysis. The diagnostic efficacy of plasma ALD and Ang-II in ICM and T2DM was evaluated by the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve., Results: Before treatment, the plasma ALD and Ang II levels in the observation group were (184.42 +/- 56.75) ng/L and (46.68 +/- 12.16) ng/L, respectively, which were significantly higher than those in the control group [(165.03 +/- 45.67) ng/L and (39.70 +/- 10.69) ng/L, p< 0.05]. Compared with before treatment, ALD level increased significantly in the observation group while decreased significantly in the control group after treatment (p< 0.05). After treatment, Ang-II level reduced significantly while LVEF increased significantly in both groups (p< 0.05). After treatment, plasma ALD and LVESD in the observation group were significantly higher than those in the control group (p< 0.05), but plasma Ang II level, LVEF and LVEDD showed no statistically significant differences between the two groups (p> 0.05). Before treatment, plasma ALD and Ang II were negatively correlated with LVEF (p< 0.05). Before treatment, the area under the curve (AUC) of plasma ALD and Ang II levels in diagnosing ICM combined with T2DM were 0.689 and 0.704, respectively., Conclusion: The plasma levels of ALD and Ang-II in patients with ICM combined with T2DM increase significantly, and their diagnostic value is not high. Compared with patients with simple ICM, the decrease in plasma ALD and Ang- II levels is less obvious after the same intervention, but it is still conducive to the improvement of cardiac function. Copyright: © Pakistan Journal of Medical Sciences.
Serum Retinal and Retinoic Acid Predict the Development of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Korean Subjects with Impaired Fasting Glucose from the KCPS-II Cohort.; We aimed to investigate whether retinal and retinoic acid (RA), which are newly discovered biomarkers from our previous research, reliably predict type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) development in subjects with impaired fasting glucose (IFG). Among the Korean Cancer Prevention Study (KCPS)-II cohort, subjects were selected and matched by age and sex (IFG-IFG group, n = 100 vs. IFG-DM group, n = 100) for study 1. For real-world validation of two biomarkers (study 2), other participants in the KCPS-II cohort who had IFG at baseline (n = 500) were selected. Targeted LC/MS was used to analyze the baseline serum samples; retinal and RA levels were quantified. In study 1, we revealed that both biomarkers were significantly decreased in the IFG-DM group (retinal, p = 0.017; RA, p < 0.001). The obese subjects in the IFG-DM group showed markedly lower retinal (p = 0.030) and RA (p = 0.003) levels than those in the IFG-IFG group. In study 2, the results for the two metabolites tended to be similar to those of study 1, but no significant difference was observed. Notably, the predictive ability for T2DM was enhanced when the metabolites were added to conventional risk factors for T2DM in both studies (study 1, AUC 0.682 -> 0.775; study 2, AUC 0.734 -> 0.786). The results suggest that retinal- and RA-related metabolic pathways are altered before the onset of T2DM.
Plasma Heparin Cofactor II Activity Is Inversely Associated with Hepatic Fibrosis of Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; AIMS: Thrombin exerts various pathophysiological functions by activating protease-activated receptors (PARs), and thrombin-induced activation of PARs promotes the development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Since heparin cofactor II (HCII) specifically inactivates thrombin action, we hypothesized that plasma HCII activity correlates with the severity of NAFLD., METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted. Plasma HCII activity and noninvasive clinical markers of hepatic fibrosis including fibrosis-4 (FIB-4) index, NAFLD fibrosis score (NFS) and aspartate aminotransferase-to-platelet ratio index (APRI) were determined in 305 Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The relationships between plasma HCII activity and the clinical markers were statistically evaluated., RESULTS: Multiple regression analysis including confounding factors showed that plasma HCII activity independently contributed to decreases in FIB-4 index (p<0.001), NFS (p<0.001) and APRI (p=0.004). In addition, logistic regression analysis for the prevalence of advanced hepatic fibrosis defined by the cutoff points of the clinical scores showed that plasma HCII activity was the sole and common negative factor for prevalence of advanced hepatic fibrosis (FIB-4 index: p=0.002, NFS: p=0.026 and APRI: p=0.012)., CONCLUSIONS: Plasma HCII activity was inversely associated with clinical hepatic fibrosis indices including FIB-4 index, NFS and APRI and with the prevalence of advanced hepatic fibrosis in patients with T2DM. The results suggest that HCII can serve as a novel biomarker for assessment of hepatic fibrosis of NAFLD in patients with T2DM.
Impact of plasma glucose and duration of type 2 diabetes mellitus on SYNTAX Score II in patients suffering from non ST-elevation myocardial infarction.; Aim The objective was to assess the correlation of fasting plasma glucose (FPG), HbA1c, and the duration of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) with SYNTAX score (SS) II in patients with non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI). Material and methods FPG and HbA1C were measured in 398 patients presenting with NSTEMI at admission. SS II was calculated using an online calculator. Patients were stratified according to SS II (<=21.5, 21.5-30.6, and >=30.6), defined as SS II low, mid, and high, respectively. Results 37.7 % of subjects were diabetic. Correlations of FPG (R=0.402, R2=0.162, p<0.001) and HbA1c (R=0.359, R2=0.129, p<0.001) with SS II were weak in the overall population. Duration of T2DM showed very strong correlation with SS II (R=0.827, R2=0.347). For the prediction of high SS II in the study population, FPG>=98.5 mg / dl demonstrated a sensitivity of 58 % and a specificity of 60 %, and HbA1c >=6.05 demonstrated a sensitivity of 63 % and a specificity of 69 %. Duration of T2DM (adjusted odds ratio (OR): 1.182; 95 % confidence interval (CI): 1.185-2.773) and FPG (OR: 0.987; 95 % CI: 0.976-0.9959) were significantly associated with high SS II after controlling for other risk factors. Duration of T2DM (Beta=0.439) contributed strongly to variance of SS II, whereas HbA1c (Beta=0.063) contributed weakly. Conclusion Duration of T2DM is a very important risk factor for severity of coronary artery disease.
Association of resistin (rs3745367) and urotensin II (rs228648 and rs2890565) gene polymorphisms with risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Indian population.; Insulin resistance may become the most powerful predictor of future development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and a therapeutic target for the treatment of the same. Both Resistin, an adipose derived peptide hormone and Urotensin II a potent vasoconstrictor, are reported to be involved in the development of insulin resistance and T2DM but the results remain contradictory. Therefore, investigations were carried out to study the association of T2DM and single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) in Resistin (RETN) gene at rs3745367 (+ 299 G > A) and Urotensin II (UTS2) gene at rs228648 (+ 143 G > A) and rs2890565 (+ 3836 C > T) in a North Indian population. Method: The present case-control study, conducted from August 2017 to July 2020, involved 168 T2DM patients and 102 healthy controls. SNPs rs3745367, rs228648 and rs2890565 were amplified from genomic DNA in the studied samples by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) using specific primers. The amplified products were genotyped by restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) using particular restriction endonucleases. Clinical parameters viz. glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c), fasting blood glucose (FBG), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (CHL) and fasting insulin were determined by enzymatic methods. Result and conclusion: A statistically significant association between T2DM and RETN gene at SNP rs3745367 (p = 0.001) and UTS2 gene at SNP rs2890565 (p = 0.001) was observed. In RETN gene SNP rs3745367, insulin and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) were found to be higher in GA + AA combined genotype than in GG genotype for T2DM subjects. Regression analysis revealed that SNP rs2890565 and HOMA-IR were independently associated with the risk of development of T2DM when three SNPs were taken as independent variable adjusted for clinical variables. Among four haplotypes, A/T was found associated with increased risk of T2DM as determined for rs228648 and rs2890565 of UTS2 gene. It can be concluded from these results that polymorphism at rs3745367 of RETN gene and at rs2890565 of UTS2 gene are associated with risk of T2DM in North Indian population.
Correlation between gene polymorphism in angiotensin II type 1 receptor and type 2 diabetes mellitus complicated by hypertension in a population of Inner Mongolia.; BACKGROUND: The role of angiotensin II type 1 receptor (AT1R) as a key player in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) complicated with hypertension remains controversial. The present case-control study systematically investigated the association between gene the correct variation type in the angiotensin II type 1 receptor (AT1R) gene and type 2 diabetes mellitus complicated with hypertension in the Han population from the Inner Mongolia region, China., METHOD: Here, state which variants were analysis, including age, occupation, triglyceride, systolic, diastolic, sex, culture, marital status, smoking, alcohol, BMI (body mass index), SBP (systolic blood pressure), DBP (diastolic blood pressure), TG (triglyceride), TC (total cholesterol), HDL-C (high-density lipoprotein cholesterol), LDL-C (low-density lipoprotein cholesterol), FPG (fasting plasma glucose). Genomic DNA was extracted from samples from 202 type 2 diabetic patients with hypertension and 216 type 2 diabetic patients without hypertension., RESULTS: Non-conditional regression analysis showed that in comparison with the TT genotype, the presence of the CC genotype for the T573 site of the AT1R gene increased the risk for diabetes mellitus complicated with hypertension by 3.219-fold (OR = 3.219, 95% CI: 1.042-9.941, P = 0.042). The results from multivariate linear regression analysis suggested the rs5182 polymorphism in the AT1R gene to be associated with diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.032). No other associations were found between the incidence of disease and the correct variation type at other sites of the AT1R gene., CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that the rs5182 polymorphism in the AT1R gene is associated with diabetes complicated by hypertension in the Han population of Inner Mongolia.
Safety of Ipragliflozin in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Pooled Analysis of Phase II/III/IV Clinical Trials.; INTRODUCTION: Ipragliflozin is a selective sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitor approved for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The objective of this pooled analysis was to characterise the safety profile of ipragliflozin based on safety data from published randomised controlled trials., METHODS: Safety data from 12 randomised, phase II/III/IV placebo-controlled, parallel group, comparative studies of ipragliflozin in patients with T2DM were pooled. Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were analysed for patients who had received at least one dose of ipragliflozin 50 mg (n = 1209) or placebo (n = 796) in studies lasting for up to 24 weeks. TEAEs of special interest and serious adverse events (SAEs) were assessed, as well as abnormal laboratory test and vital sign measurements., RESULTS: The overall incidences of TEAEs and SAEs between the ipragliflozin and placebo groups were similar, 63.8% vs 59.3% and 2.5% vs 3.3%, respectively. The incidence of TEAEs leading to permanent discontinuation was lower for ipragliflozin (3.6%) than placebo (6.5%). The incidences of TEAEs of special interest including those related to urinary tract infection, cardiovascular events, renal disorder, fracture, malignant tumours and hypoglycaemia were also similar between the groups. Genital infections were more frequent with ipragliflozin (2.4%) than placebo (0.6%), as were pollakiuria/polyuria (6.0% vs 2.0%), volume depletion (4.9% vs 1.8%) and skin/subcutaneous tissue disorders (7.7% vs 4.4%). There were no reported cases of diabetic ketoacidosis, fractures, lower-limb amputation or Fournier's gangrene in ipragliflozin-treated patients across the 12 studies., CONCLUSION: In randomised, placebo-controlled trials of patients with T2DM, ipragliflozin was well tolerated, with a similar overall incidence of TEAEs to placebo. No new safety signals were observed., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBERS: NCT01071850, NCT00621868, NCT01057628, NCT01117584, NCT01135433, NCT01225081, NCT01242215, NCT02175784, NCT01505426, NCT02452632, NCT02794792, NCT01316094., FUNDING: Astellas Pharma Inc.
The quality of clinical practice guidelines for management of pediatric type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review using the AGREE II instrument.; AIMS: Pediatric type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a relatively new disease with increasing incidence corresponding to the obesity epidemic among youth. It is important for clinicians to have access to high-quality clinical practice guidelines (CPGs) for appropriate management of pediatric patients with T2DM. The objective of this systematic review was to evaluate overall quality of CPGs for the management of pediatric T2DM using the Appraisal of Guidelines for Research and Evaluation II (AGREE II) tool., METHODS: We searched MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, Trip, National Guideline Clearinghouse, and grey literature to identify eligible CPGs. We also searched the webpages of national and international diabetes and pediatric organizations globally. We included CPGs from national and international diabetes and pediatric associations that were published as standalone guidelines for T2DM in children and adolescents (2-18 years of age). We also included pediatric and adult guidelines for type 1 diabetes if they included a section addressing T2DM management in children and adolescents. We retrieved the two most recent guidelines from each organization when available to assess change in quality over time. We excluded individual studies and systematic reviews that made treatment recommendations as well as CPGs that were developed for a single institution., RESULTS: We included 21 unique CPGs in this systematic review. Of the included guidelines, 12 were developed or updated between 2012 and 2014. Five of all included CPGs were specific to pediatric populations. The analysis revealed that "Rigour of Development" (mean 45%, SD 28.68) and "Editorial Independence" (mean 45%, SD 35.19) were the lowest scoring domains on the AGREE II for the majority of guidelines, whereas "Clarity of Presentation" was the highest scoring domain (mean 72%, SD 18.89)., CONCLUSIONS: Overall, two thirds of the pediatric T2DM guidelines were moderate to low quality and the remaining third ranked higher in quality. Low quality was especially due to the scores for the "Rigour of Development" domain, which directly measures guideline development methodology. It is important that future guidelines and updates of existing guidelines improve the methodology of development and quality of reporting in order to appropriately guide physicians managing children and adolescents with T2DM., SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: PROSPERO CRD42016034187.
Association of angiotensin-II levels with albuminuria in subjects with normal glucose metabolism, prediabetes, and type 2 diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: The relationship between the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) and diabetes has been studied for many years. However, studies that assessed RAS components comprehensively were limited. We hypothesized that serum RAS components, especially the effector peptide angiotensin-II, might be closely associated with glucose metabolism status and diabetic complications., METHODS: We investigated the association of individual RAS component with albuminuria in 407 subjects with normal glucose metabolism (NGM), prediabetes, or type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Anthropometric and biochemical parameters, including glucose homeostasis, albuminuria, and RAS-related parameters such as plasma renin activity (PRA), aldosterone, angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE), and angiotensin-II levels, were measured., RESULTS: The mean+/-standard deviation (SD) age and body mass index were 57.1+/-11.1years and 24.7+/-3.3kg/m2, respectively. There were 54 subjects with NGM, 102 with prediabetes, and 251 with T2DM. The mean+/-SD angiotensin-II levels in these groups were 9.32+/-6.89, 12.89+/-10.39, and 17.00+/-15.28pg/mL, and the respective urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratios (ACRs) were 8.1+/-5.3, 13.3+/-17.3, and 30.7+/-51.9mg/g, which were significantly different among the groups. The serum angiotensin-II levels were correlated with levels of PRA, insulin resistance, C-reactive protein, and urinary ACR. Among RAS-related parameters, only the angiotensin-II level was significantly associated with urinary ACR after adjusting for relevant risk factors., CONCLUSIONS: Angiotensin-II may play an important role in the development of albuminuria, particularly in subjects with impaired glucose metabolism. Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Appraisal of clinical practice guidelines for management of paediatric type 2 diabetes mellitus using the AGREE II instrument: a systematic review protocol.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in children and adolescents is increasing. This has spurred the development and publication of clinical practice guidelines (CPGs) for the management of paediatric T2DM. Given the long-term complications of T2DM, optimal management is important to prevent or delay these complications. However, the quality of published CPGs has not yet been empirically evaluated. Our objective is to systematically appraise all published CPGs for the management of T2DM in children and adolescents., METHODS: We will identify all published CPGs that address T2DM in children and adolescents through MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, Trip, and the National Guideline Clearinghouse and will screen diabetes and paediatric societies and associations' websites. Search records will be screened in duplicate for inclusion. Grey literature will be covered by systematically searching publications of all relevant diabetes societies and associations and other health organizations for CPGs that meet our inclusion criteria. CPGs deemed eligible for inclusion will be retrieved. Quality assessment will be conducted using the Appraisal of Guidelines for Research and Evaluation II (AGREE II) tool by a team of four appraisers. Scaled scores of the AGREE II will be used to gauge the overall quality of CPGs., DISCUSSION: The results of this review will be disseminated through presentations at local, national, and international conferences and publication in a peer-reviewed journal. The results of this review can help improve the reporting of future guidelines, inform decisions of policy-makers to endorse CPGs, and affect the choice of guideline use in clinical practice., SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: PROSPERO CRD42016034187.
Development of type 2 diabetes mellitus thirty-one years after Billroth II in a patient asking for diabetes surgery.; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes surgery in obese and slim patients seems to be a superior alternative to the current medical treatment. Gastric bypass is an alternative treatment for diabetes. Nevertheless, there are still doubts whether diabetes can recur if you gain weight or if the effects are maintained over time. Other questions refer to the type of surgery to make the bypass limb length or reservoir size for the resolution of the Diabetes Mellitus., PRESENTATION OF CASE: Male patient 69-year-old came to us in order to perform tailored One Anastomosis Gastric Bypass (BAGUA) to treat his type 2 diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome. He has a history of peptic ulcer treated with subtotal gastrectomy and Billroth II reconstruction 49 years ago. He currently is not obese and developed diabetes 31 years after surgery., DISCUSSION: Globally there are no reports of patients with normal BMI that after performing gastric bypass developed diabetes mellitus. There are cases where obese diabetic patients after gastric bypass improve or remits the T2DM, but it relapses due to insufficient weight loss or gain it. The patient with gastric bypass Billroth II type, should not developed diabetes. He is normal weight and not had weight gain that could be linked to the development of diabetes., CONCLUSIONS: The results generated by bariatric surgery are encouraging, but still do not clarify the precise way how surgery produces rapid improvement of systemic metabolism as in diabetes, but in our patient, the effect was quite different because the gastric bypass had no protective effect against diabetes. Copyright AULA MEDICA EDICIONES 2014. Published by AULA MEDICA. All rights reserved.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) gene II genotype protects against the development of diabetic peripheral neuropathy in type 2 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN) is one of the complications of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) that decreases the quality of life of T2DM patients. Very few studies have found an association between the development and progression of DPN in T2DM and angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) gene insertion/deletion (I/D) polymorphisms., METHODS: Using gene-specific primers in a polymerase chain reaction, the presence of ACE I/D polymorphisms was screened for in 276 T2DM patients with DPN, 496 T2DM patients without DPN, and 331 control (non-diabetic) subjects., RESULTS: The distribution of the I/D genotypes was in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium. The II genotype was significantly more prevalent in T2DM patients without DPN than the DD genotype (P < 0.05); however, there was no significant difference in the prevalence of the II and DD genotypes in T2DM patients with DPN (P = 0.78)., CONCLUSION: The II genotype of the ACE gene has a protective effect against the development of DPN in T2DM patients. This suggests a role for the renin-angiotensin system in modulating neuropathy in T2DM. Copyright © 2012 Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine and Wiley Publishing Asia Pty Ltd.
Correlation between angiotensin II type 1 receptor gene polymorphism and type 2 diabetes mellitus complicated by hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: To elucidate the correlation between angiotensin II type 1 receptor (AT1R) gene polymorphism and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) complicated by hypertension., METHODS: AT1R gene polymorphism was determined by PCR in 132 T2DM patients complicated by hypertension and 107 normotensive T2DM patients., RESULTS: The frequencies of AA and AC genotypes in the 2 groups were 88.79% vs 96.97% and 11.21% vs 3.03% respectively, and those for A and C allele were 94.39% vs 98.48% and 5.61% vs 1.51%, showing significant difference between the 2 groups (P<0.05). It was suggested that AT1R gene polymorphism was associated with T2DM complicated by hypertension, and the patients had significantly prolonged courses of DM when complicated by hypertension. Normotensive DM patients did not differ from DM patients with only elevated diastolic blood pressure in terms of AT1R-A1166-C gene polymorphism, but showed significant difference from DM patients with elevated systolic blood pressure., CONCLUSION: AT1R gene contributed to T2DM complicated by hypertension, but is only associated with cases of elevated systolic blood pressure.
The interrelationship between insulin secretion and action in type 2 diabetes mellitus with different degrees of obesity: evidence supporting central obesity.; This paper investigates the relative role of the impairment of insulin secretion and action in the pathogenesis of Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The parameters indicating insulin secretion and action were calculated from the data obtained during oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), in 156 age- and sex-matched T2DM patients divided in 4 groups according to their body mass index (BMI, I = 20.0-24.9, II = 25.0-29.9, III = 30.0-39.9 and IV > 40.0 kg/m2). After obtaining baseline biomedical parameters (plasma glucose, serum insulin, cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, BMI, and amount of fat tissue), the rates of insulin secretory capacity and insulin action were obtained from OGTT and compared between the T2DM patients with normal body weight and different grades of obesity. Beta-cell secretory capacity of the participants was found to be proportionally and significantly higher in graded obese than that of the normal body weight patients. The rates of hepatic as well as peripheral insulin resistance in obese groups proportionally and significantly rise in comparison with that of non-obese diabetics. In addition, these parameters are shown to be related to the body fat, presumably visceral in origin. In conclusion, hyperglycemia-hyperinsulinemia observed in obese and T2DM patients might be due, in part, to increased capacity of insulin secretion, and to exaggerated hepatic glucose production because of hepatic insulin resistance, respectively.
Potentiation of Acetylcholine-Induced Relaxation of Aorta in Male UC Davis Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (UCD-T2DM) Rats: Sex-Specific Responses.; Previous reports suggest that diabetes may differentially affect the vascular beds of females and males. The objectives of this study were to examine whether there were (1) sex differences in aortic function and (2) alterations in the relative contribution of endothelium-derived relaxing factors in modulating aortic reactivity in UC Davis Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (UCD-T2DM) rats. Endothelium-dependent vasorelaxation (EDV) in response to acetylcholine (ACh) was measured in aortic rings before and after exposure to pharmacological inhibitors. Relaxation responses to sodium nitroprusside were assessed in endothelium-denuded rings. Moreover, contractile responses to phenylephrine (PE) were measured before and after incubation of aortic rings with a nitric oxide synthase (NOS) inhibitor in the presence of indomethacin. Metabolic parameters and expression of molecules associated with vascular and insulin signaling as well as reactive oxygen species generation were determined. Diabetes slightly but significantly impaired EDV in response to ACh in aortas from females but potentiated the relaxation response in males. The potentiation of EDV in diabetic male aortas was accompanied by a traces of nitric oxide (NO)- and prostanoid-independent relaxation and elevated aortic expression of small- and intermediate conductance Ca2+-activated K+ channels in this group. The smooth muscle sensitivity to NO was not altered, whereas the responsiveness to PE was significantly enhanced in aortas of diabetic groups in both sexes. Endothelium-derived NO during smooth muscle contraction, as assessed by the potentiation of the response to PE after NOS inhibition, was reduced in aortas of diabetic rats regardless of sex. Accordingly, decreases in pAkt and peNOS were observed in aortas from diabetic rats in both sexes compared with controls. Our data suggest that a decrease in insulin sensitivity via pAkt-peNOS-dependent signaling and an increase in oxidative stress may contribute to the elevated contractile responses observed in diabetic aortas in both sexes. This study demonstrates that aortic function in UCD-T2DM rats is altered in both sexes. Here, we provide the first evidence of sexual dimorphism in aortic relaxation in UCD-T2DM rats. Copyright © 2021 Akther, Razan, Shaligram, Graham, Stanhope, Allen, Vazquez-Medina, Havel and Rahimian.
Moderate-Intensity Exercise Improves Mesenteric Arterial Function in Male UC Davis Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus (UCD-T2DM) Rats: A Shift in the Relative Importance of Endothelium-Derived Relaxing Factors (EDRF).; The beneficial cardiovascular effects of exercise are well documented, however the mechanisms by which exercise improves vascular function in diabetes are not fully understood. This study investigates whether there are (1) improvements in blood pressure and endothelium-dependent vasorelaxation (EDV) and (2) alterations in the relative contribution of endothelium-derived relaxing factors (EDRF) in modulating mesenteric arterial reactivity in male UC Davis type-2 diabetes mellitus (UCD-T2DM) rats, following an 8-week moderate-intensity exercise (MIE) intervention. EDV to acetylcholine (ACh) was measured before and after exposure to pharmacological inhibitors. Contractile responses to phenylephrine and myogenic tone were determined. The arterial expressions of endothelial nitric oxide (NO) synthase (eNOS), cyclooxygenase (COX), and calcium-activated potassium channel (KCa) channels were also measured. T2DM significantly impaired EDV, increased contractile responses and myogenic tone. The impairment of EDV was accompanied by elevated NO and COX importance, whereas the contribution of prostanoid- and NO-independent (endothelium-derived hyperpolarization, EDH) relaxation was not apparent compared to controls. MIE 1) enhanced EDV, while it reduced contractile responses, myogenic tone and systolic blood pressure (SBP), and 2) caused a shift away from a reliance on COX toward a greater reliance on EDH in diabetic arteries. We provide the first evidence of the beneficial effects of MIE via the altered importance of EDRF in mesenteric arterial relaxation in male UCD-T2DM rats.
Validation of the Economic and Health Outcomes Model of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (ECHO-T2DM).; BACKGROUND: The Economic and Health Outcomes Model of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (ECHO-T2DM) was developed to address study questions pertaining to the cost-effectiveness of treatment alternatives in the care of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Naturally, the usefulness of a model is determined by the accuracy of its predictions. A previous version of ECHO-T2DM was validated against actual trial outcomes and the model predictions were generally accurate. However, there have been recent upgrades to the model, which modify model predictions and necessitate an update of the validation exercises., OBJECTIVES: The objectives of this study were to extend the methods available for evaluating model validity, to conduct a formal model validation of ECHO-T2DM (version 2.3.0) in accordance with the principles espoused by the International Society for Pharmacoeconomics and Outcomes Research (ISPOR) and the Society for Medical Decision Making (SMDM), and secondarily to evaluate the relative accuracy of four sets of macrovascular risk equations included in ECHO-T2DM., METHODS: We followed the ISPOR/SMDM guidelines on model validation, evaluating face validity, verification, cross-validation, and external validation. Model verification involved 297 'stress tests', in which specific model inputs were modified systematically to ascertain correct model implementation. Cross-validation consisted of a comparison between ECHO-T2DM predictions and those of the seminal National Institutes of Health model. In external validation, study characteristics were entered into ECHO-T2DM to replicate the clinical results of 12 studies (including 17 patient populations), and model predictions were compared to observed values using established statistical techniques as well as measures of average prediction error, separately for the four sets of macrovascular risk equations supported in ECHO-T2DM. Sub-group analyses were conducted for dependent vs. independent outcomes and for microvascular vs. macrovascular vs. mortality endpoints., RESULTS: All stress tests were passed. ECHO-T2DM replicated the National Institutes of Health cost-effectiveness application with numerically similar results. In external validation of ECHO-T2DM, model predictions agreed well with observed clinical outcomes. For all sets of macrovascular risk equations, the results were close to the intercept and slope coefficients corresponding to a perfect match, resulting in high R 2 and failure to reject concordance using an F test. The results were similar for sub-groups of dependent and independent validation, with some degree of under-prediction of macrovascular events., CONCLUSION: ECHO-T2DM continues to match health outcomes in clinical trials in T2DM, with prediction accuracy similar to other leading models of T2DM.
Synthetic approaches and clinical application of small-molecule inhibitors of sodium-dependent glucose transporters 2 for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Sodium-dependent glucose transporters 2 (SGLT2) inhibitors are a class of small-molecule drugs that have gained significant attention in recent years for their potential clinical applications in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). These inhibitors function by obstructing the kidneys' ability to reabsorb glucose, resulting in a rise in the excretion of glucose in urine (UGE) and subsequently lowering blood glucose levels. Several SGLT2 inhibitors, such as Dapagliflozin, Canagliflozin, and Empagliflozin, have been approved by regulatory authorities and are currently available for clinical use. These inhibitors have shown notable enhancements in managing blood sugar levels, reducing body weight, and lowering blood pressure in individuals with T2DM. Additionally, they have exhibited potential advantages in decreasing the likelihood of cardiovascular incidents and renal complications among this group of patients. This review article focuses on the synthesis and clinical application of small-molecule SGLT2 inhibitors, which have provided a new therapeutic approach for the management of T2DM. Copyright © 2024 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Impact of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors on glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; Aims: Glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) confers a variety of metabolic benefits in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This meta-analysis was conducted to investigate the impact of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP4) inhibitors on GIP levels in T2DM patients., Methods: Medline (PubMed), CENTER (Cochrane Library), and Embase (Ovid) were searched and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the impact of DPP4 inhibitors on fasting and postprandial GIP levels were obtained. For postprandial GIP, only studies with the data of GIP changes reported as the total area under the curve (AUCGIP) using a meal or oral glucose tolerance test were included. A random-effects model was used for data pooling after incorporating heterogeneity., Results: Overall, 14 RCTs with 541 T2DM patients were included. Compared to placebo/no treatment, the use of DPP4 inhibitors significantly increased the fasting GIP level (standard mean difference [SMD]: 0.77, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.48-1.05, P<0.001; I2 = 52%) and postprandial AUCGIP (SMD: 1.33, 95% CI: 1.02-1.64, P<0.001; I2 = 65%). Influence analysis by excluding one dataset at a time showed consistent results. Sensitivity analyses only including studies with radioimmunoassay showed also consistent results (fasting GIP: SMD: 0.75, 95% CI: 0.51-1.00, P<0.001; I2 = 0%; and postprandial AUCGIP: SMD: 1.48, 95% CI: 1.18-1.78, P<0.001; I2 = 54%). Further subgroup analyses demonstrated that the influence of DPP4 inhibitors on fasting and postprandial GIP levels in T2DM patients was not significantly changed by study characteristics such as study design, patient mean age, baseline glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) concentration, body mass index (BMI), background treatment, treatment duration, or method for postprandial GIP measurement (all P for subgroup effects <0.05)., Conclusion: The use of DPP4 inhibitors effectively increases the fasting and postprandial GIP concentrations in T2DM patients., Systematic review registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/, identifier CRD42022356716. Copyright © 2023 Chai, Zhang, Carr, Deacon, Zheng, Rajpathak, Chen and Yu.
Tirzepatide: A Dual Glucose-dependent Insulinotropic Polypeptide and Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 Agonist for the Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes is a chronic disease that can lead to many complications, and controlling glucose balance is essential. Incretin hormones are produced in the gut and are essential to maintaining glucose homeostasis. Their effects range from increasing insulin synthesis, insulin secretion, and glucose sensing and decreasing glucagon secretion to promote satiety and suppressing appetite. Tirzepatide is a first in class dual glucagon-like peptide-1 and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) analog approved for the management of adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus as an adjunct to diet and exercise., PHARMACODYNAMICS AND PHARMACOKINETICS: Tirzepatide is a synthetic chemical structure based on the GIP sequence and consists of 39 amino acid peptides. Tirzepatide increases insulin secretion, reduces glucagon release in a glucose-dependent manner, decreases fasting and postprandial glucose levels, promotes satiety, decreases body weight, and delays gastric emptying. Pharmacodynamics and pharmacokinetics properties of tirzepatide were similar in patients with kidney and hepatic impairment, and its metabolites are excreting through urine and feces., CLINICAL TRIALS: The SURPASS trials are pivotal phase 3 trials assessing the efficacy and safety of tirzepatide as monotherapy and as an add-on to different antihyperglycemic drugs for the management of T2DM. Tirzepatide consistently showed reductions in HbA1c, as well as benefits with weight loss, with common adverse events reported related to gastrointestinal issues., THERAPEUTIC ADVANCE: Tirzepatide is a novel first in class dual GIP and glucagon-like peptide-1 agonist that improves overall glycemic control as an adjunct to diet and exercise. It has the potential benefits in other therapeutic areas such as obesity. Copyright © 2022 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic modelling for renal function dependent urinary glucose excretion effect of ipragliflozin, a selective sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor, both in healthy subjects and patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: To provide a model-based prediction of individual urinary glucose excretion (UGE) effect of ipragliflozin, we constructed a pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic (PK/PD) model and a population PK model using pooled data of clinical studies., METHODS: A PK/PD model for the change from baseline in UGE for 24 hours (DELTAUGE24h ) with area under the concentration-time curve from time of dosing to 24 h after administration (AUC24h ) of ipragliflozin was described by a maximum effect model. A population PK model was also constructed using rich PK sampling data obtained from 2 clinical pharmacology studies and sparse data from 4 late-phase studies by the NONMEM $PRIOR subroutine. Finally, we simulated how the PK/PD of ipragliflozin changes in response to dose regime as well as patients' renal function using the developed model., RESULTS: The estimated individual maximum effect were dependent on fasting plasma glucose and renal function, except in patients who had significant UGE before treatment. The PK of ipragliflozin in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients was accurately described by a 2-compartment model with first order absorption. The population mean oral clearance was 9.47 L/h and was increased in patients with higher glomerular filtration rates and body surface area. Simulation suggested that medians (95% prediction intervals) of AUC24h and DELTAUGE24h were 5417 (3229-8775) ng.h/mL and 85 (51-145) g, respectively. The simulation also suggested a 1.17-fold increase in AUC24h of ipragliflozin and a 0.76-fold in DELTAUGE24h in T2DM patients with moderate renal impairment compared to those with normal renal function., CONCLUSIONS: The developed models described the clinical data well, and the simulation suggested mechanism-based weaker antidiabetic effect in T2DM patients with renal impairment. Copyright © 2019 Astellas Pharma Inc. British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Pharmacological Society.
Reduced Glucose Variability With Glucose-Dependent Versus Glucose-Independent Therapies Despite Similar Glucose Control and Hypoglycemia Rates in a Randomized, Controlled Study of Older Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Few studies have evaluated continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) in older patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) not using injectable therapy. CGM is useful for investigating hypoglycemia and glycemic variability, which is associated with complications in T2DM., METHODS: A CGM substudy of Individualized treatMent aPproach for oldER patIents in a randomized trial in type 2 diabetes Mellitus (IMPERIUM)) was conducted. Patients were vulnerable (moderately ill and/or frail) older (>=65 years) individuals with suboptimally controlled T2DM. Strategy A comprised glucose-dependent therapies (n = 26) with a nonsulfonylurea oral antihyperglycemic medication (OAM) and a glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist as the first injectable. Strategy B comprised non-glucose-dependent therapies (n = 21) with sulfonylurea as the preferred OAM and insulin glargine as the first injectable. Primary endpoints were duration and percentage of time spent with blood glucose (BG) <=70 mg/dL over 24 hours at week 24., RESULTS: Duration and percentage of time spent with hypoglycemia at <=70 mg/dL were similar for Strategy A and Strategy B; glycemic control improved similarly in both arms (LSM change in HbA1c at week 24; A = -1.2%, B = -1.4%). Duration and percentage time spent with euglycemia and hyperglycemia were also similar in both arms. However, Strategy A was associated with lower within-day (21.1 +/- 1.2 vs 25.1 +/- 1.4, P = .046) and between-day (5.4 +/- 1.0 vs 9.1 +/- 1.3, P = .038) BG variability (coefficient of variance [LSM +/- SE]) at week 24., CONCLUSIONS: This CGM substudy in older patients with T2DM showed lower within- and between-day BG variability with glucose-dependent therapies but similar HbA1c reductions and hypoglycemia duration with glucose-independent strategies.
Safety, tolerability and pharmacodynamics of apical sodium-dependent bile acid transporter inhibition with volixibat in healthy adults and patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomised placebo-controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Pathogenesis in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) involves abnormal cholesterol metabolism and hepatic accumulation of toxic free cholesterol. Apical sodium-dependent bile acid transporter (ASBT) inhibition in the terminal ileum may facilitate removal of free cholesterol from the liver by reducing recirculation of bile acids (BAs) to the liver, thereby stimulating new BA synthesis from cholesterol. The aim of this phase 1 study in adult healthy volunteers (HVs) and patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) was to assess the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of ASBT inhibition with volixibat (SHP626; formerly LUM002)., METHODS: Participants were randomised 3:1 to receive once-daily oral volixibat (0.5 mg, 1 mg, 5 mg or 10 mg) or placebo for 28 days in two cohorts (HV and T2DM). Assessments included safety, faecal BA and serum 7alpha-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one (C4; BA synthesis biomarker)., RESULTS: Sixty-one individuals were randomised (HVs: placebo, n = 12; volixibat, n = 38; T2DM: placebo, n = 3; volixibat, n = 8). No deaths or treatment-related serious adverse events were reported. Mild or moderate gastrointestinal adverse events were those most frequently reported with volixibat. With volixibat, mean total faecal BA excretion on day 28 was ~1.6-3.2 times higher in HVs (643.73-1239.3 mumol/24 h) and ~8 times higher in T2DM (1786.0 mumol/24 h) than with placebo (HVs: 386.93 mumol/24 h; T2DM: 220.00 mumol/24 h). With volixibat, mean C4 concentrations increased by ~1.3-5.3-fold from baseline to day 28 in HVs and by twofold in T2DM., CONCLUSIONS: Volixibat was generally well tolerated. Increased faecal BA excretion and serum C4 levels support the mechanistic rationale for exploring ASBT inhibition in NASH. The study was registered with the Dutch clinical trial authority (Centrale Commissie Mensgebonden Onderzoek; trial registration number NL44732.056.13; registered 24 May 2013).
DiaSurg 2 trial--surgical vs. medical treatment of insulin-dependent type 2 diabetes mellitus in patients with a body mass index between 26 and 35 kg/m2: study protocol of a randomized controlled multicenter trial--DRKS00004550.; BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a disease with high prevalence, associated with severe co-morbidities as well as being a huge burden on public health. It is known that glycemic control decreases long-term morbidity and mortality. The current standard therapy for T2DM is medical treatment. Several randomized controlled trials (RCTs) performed in obese patients showed remission of T2DM after bariatric surgery. Recent RCTs have shown bariatric procedures to produce a similar effect in non-morbidly and non-severely obese, insulin-dependent T2DM patients suggesting procedures currently used in bariatric surgery as new therapeutical approach in patients with T2DM. This study aims at investigating whether Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB) is an efficient treatment for non-severely obese T2DM patients in terms of preventing long-term complications and mortality., METHODS: The DiaSurg 2 trial is a multicenter, open randomized controlled trial comparing RYGB including standardized medical treatment if needed to exclusive standardized medical treatment of T2DM (control group). The primary endpoint is a composite time-to-event endpoint (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, coronary bypass, percutaneous coronary intervention, non-fatal stroke, amputation, surgery for peripheral atherosclerotic artery disease), with a follow-up period of 8 years. Insulin-dependent T2DM patients aged between 30 and 65 years will be included and randomly assigned to one of the two groups. The experimental group will receive RYGB and, if needed, standardized medical care, whereas the control group will receive exclusive standardized medical care, both according to the national treatment guidelines for T2DM. Statistical analysis is based on Cox proportional hazards regression for the intention-to-treat population. Assuming a loss to follow-up rate of 20%, 200 patients will be randomly allocated to the comparison groups. A total sample size of n=400 is sufficient to ensure 80% power in a two-tailed significance test at alpha=5%., DISCUSSION: The DiaSurg2 trial will yield long-term data (8 years) on diabetes-associated morbidity and mortality in patients with insulin-dependent T2DM receiving either RYGB or standardized medical care., TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial protocol has been registered in the German Clinical Trials Register DRKS00004550.
Platelet hemostasis in patients with metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus: cGMP- and NO-dependent mechanisms in the insulin-mediated platelet aggregation.; Patients with metabolic syndrome (MetS) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) have high risk of microcirculation complications and microangiopathies. An increase in thrombogenic risk is associated with platelet hyperaggregation, hypercoagulation, and hyperfibrinolysis. Factors leading to platelet activation in MetS and T2DM comprise insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, non-enzymatic glycosylation, oxidative stress, and inflammation. This review discusses the role of nitric oxide (NO) in the regulation of platelet adhesion and aggregation processes. NO is synthesized both in endotheliocytes, smooth muscle cells, macrophages, and platelets. Modification of platelet NO-synthase (NOS) activity in MetS patients can play a central role in the manifestation of platelet hyperactivation. Metabolic changes, accompanying T2DM, can lead to an abnormal NOS expression and activity in platelets. Hyperhomocysteinemia, often accompanying T2DM, is a risk factor for cardiovascular accidents. Homocysteine can reduce NO production by platelets. This review provides data on the insulin effects in platelets. Decrease in a number and sensitivity of the insulin receptors on platelets in T2DM can cause platelet hyperactivation. Various intracellular mechanisms of anti-aggregating insulin effects are discussed. Anti-aggregating effects of insulin are mediated by a NO-induced elevation of cGMP and upregulation of cAMP- and cGMP-dependent pathways. The review presents data suggesting an ability of platelets to synthesize humoral factors stimulating thrombogenesis and inflammation. Proinflammatory cytokines are considered as markers of T2DM and cardiovascular complications and are involved in the development of dyslipidemia and insulin resistance. The article provides an evaluation of NO-mediated signaling pathway in the effects of cytokines on platelet aggregation. The effects of the proinflammatory cytokines on functional activity of platelets are demonstrated.
Remogliflozin etabonate, a selective inhibitor of the sodium-dependent transporter 2 reduces serum glucose in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.; AIMS: Remogliflozin etabonate (RE) is the pro-drug of remogliflozin (R), a selective inhibitor of renal sodium-dependent glucose transporter 2 (SGLT2) that improves glucose control via enhanced urinary glucose excretion (UGE). This study evaluated the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of repeated doses of RE in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)., METHODS: In a double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trial, subjects who were drug-naive or had metformin discontinued received RE [100 mg BID (n = 9), 1000 mg QD (n = 9), 1000 mg BID (n = 9)], or placebo (n = 8) for 12 days. Safety parameters were assessed, including urine studies to evaluate renal function. Plasma concentrations of RE and metabolites were measured with the first dose and at steady state. RE effects on glucose levels were assessed with fasting glucose concentrations, frequently sampled 24-h glucose profiles and oral glucose tolerance tests., RESULTS: No significant laboratory abnormalities or safety events were reported; the most frequent adverse events were headache and flatulence. Plasma exposure to RE and R were proportional to administered dose with negligible accumulation. Mean 24-h UGE increased in RE treatment groups. Compared with the placebo group, 24-h mean (95% CI) changes in plasma glucose were -1.2 (-2.2 to -0.3) (100 mg BID), -0.8 (-1.7 to 0.2) (1000 mg QD) and -1.7 (-2.7 to -0.8) mmol/l (1000 mg BID)., CONCLUSIONS: Administration of RE for 12 days is well-tolerated and results in clinically meaningful improvements in plasma glucose, accompanied by changes in body weight and blood pressure in subjects with T2DM. Copyright © 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Safety, pharmacokinetic, and pharmacodynamic profiles of ipragliflozin (ASP1941), a novel and selective inhibitor of sodium-dependent glucose co-transporter 2, in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The sodium-dependent glucose co-transporter 2 (SGLT2) is a high-capacity, low-affinity transport system primarily expressed in the renal proximal tubules, where it plays an important role in the regulation of glucose levels. Inhibition of SGLT2 represents an innovative approach for plasma glucose control in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) by blocking glucose reabsorption and enhancing glucose loss in the urine., METHODS: This Phase 2, randomized, placebo-controlled study investigated the safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profiles of the novel oral SGLT2 inhibitor ipragliflozin (ASP1941) in T2DM patients. Sixty-one patients were randomized to placebo or ipragliflozin once daily at doses of 50, 100, 200, or 300 mg for 28 days. Patients were admitted to the clinic during the study and received a weight-maintenance diet., RESULTS: The incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events was similar for placebo and ipragliflozin groups. There were no deaths, and no patients discontinued ipragliflozin because of adverse events. Ipragliflozin was absorbed rapidly, taking approximately 1 h to reach the maximum concentration. The area under the concentration-time curve and maximum ipragliflozin concentration at steady state displayed dose linearity. All ipragliflozin doses significantly reduced glycosylated hemoglobin, fasting plasma glucose, and mean amplitude of glucose excursions compared with placebo. Significant dose-dependent increases in urinary glucose excretion were observed in all ipragliflozin groups. Mean weight decreased in the placebo and ipragliflozin groups, with greater reductions occurring in ipragliflozin-treated patients., CONCLUSION: Ipragliflozin was generally safe, well tolerated, and effective at blocking renal glucose reabsorption and decreasing plasma glucose levels in T2DM patients.
Dose-Dependent Effect of Aspirin Use in Reducing Diabetes-Associated Dementia Risk Among Elderly Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: This study investigated the association between aspirin use and diabetes-associated dementia in older patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), assessing aspirin's potential protective effects, intensity of use, and dose-dependency against dementia., DESIGN: A cohort study evaluating the dose-dependent protective impact of aspirin against dementia in a population-based sample., SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: Older patients with T2DM (>=60 years), comparing aspirin users with nonusers., METHODS: Used a time-varying Cox hazards model to assess dementia incidence., RESULTS: Older aspirin users exhibited a significant reduction in dementia risk (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR], 0.44; 95% CI, 0.41-0.46). The lowest aHRs for dementia were observed at a daily intensity of 0.91 defined daily doses (DDDs), and higher daily dosages (>0.91 DDD) showed gradually increasing aHRs (although still <1). Analysis of cumulative DDD revealed a dose-response relationship, with progressively lower aHRs across quartiles (0.16, 0.42, 0.57, and 0.63 for quartiles 4, 3, 2, and 1, respectively) compared with never aspirin users (P for trend < .0001)., CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS: Aspirin use in older patients with T2DM significantly reduces dementia risk. The optimal daily intensity of aspirin use (0.91 DDD) is associated with the lowest aHR for dementia. These findings suggest a dose-dependent relationship, supporting the potential benefits of higher cumulative dosages of aspirin in reducing dementia risk in this population. Copyright © 2024 AMDA - The Society for Post-Acute and Long-Term Care Medicine. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Metformin in elderly type 2 diabetes mellitus: dose-dependent dementia risk reduction.; This study aimed to investigate the controversial association between metformin use and diabetes-associated dementia in elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and evaluate the potential protective effects of metformin, as well as its intensity of use and dose-dependency, against dementia in this population. The study used a time-dependent Cox hazards model to evaluate the effect of metformin use on the incidence of dementia. The case group included elderly patients with T2DM (>=60 years old) who received metformin, while the control group consisted of elderly patients with T2DM who did not receive metformin during the follow-up period. Our analysis revealed a significant reduction in the risk of dementia among elderly individuals using metformin, with an adjusted hazard ratio of 0.34 (95% confidence interval: 0.33 to 0.36). Notably, metformin users with a daily intensity of 1 defined daily dose (DDD) or higher had a lower risk of dementia, with an adjusted hazard ratio (95% confidence interval) of 0.46 (0.22 to 0.6), compared to those with a daily intensity of <1 DDD. Additionally, the analysis of cumulative DDDs of metformin showed a dose-response relationship, with progressively lower adjusted hazard ratio across quartiles (0.15, 0.21, 0.28, and 0.53 for quartiles 4, 3, 2 and 1, respectively), compared to never metformin users (P for trend < 0.0001). Metformin use in elderly patients with T2DM is significantly associated with a substantial reduction in the risk of dementia. Notably, the protective effect of metformin demonstrates a dose-dependent relationship, with higher daily and cumulative dosages of metformin showing a greater risk reduction. Copyright © The Author(s) 2023. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Guarantors of Brain. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Sodium-dependent glucose transporter 2 inhibitor alleviates renal lipid deposition and improves renal oxygenation levels in newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Sodium-dependent glucose transporter 2 inhibitor (SGLT2i) has the advantages of effectively lowering blood glucose levels and improving renal outcomes in diabetic patients. This study evaluated the effect of canagliflozin on intrarenal lipid content and oxygenation in newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients., METHODS: A total of 64 newly diagnosed T2DM patients with normal renal function were randomly divided into canagliflozin (n = 33) and glimepiride control (n = 31) groups. All patients underwent functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) scanning to assay patients' intrarenal lipid content and oxygenation level before and after 24 weeks of treatment. Furthermore, the relationship between body mass index and intrarenal lipid content in T2DM patients was analyzed and the correlation between changes in intrarenal lipid content and improvements in renal hypoxia was further assessed., RESULTS: The canagliflozin group had a greater decrease in body weight and blood uric acid level than the glimepiride group (all P < 0.05). The intrarenal lipid content could be significantly reduced after canagliflozin treatment for 24 weeks. The R2* values, a parameter for quantifying the oxygen content in tissues and is inversely related to the oxygen content, of the renal cortex and medulla in the canagliflozin group decreased from the baseline by 6.40% (P < 0.01) and 12.09% (P = 0.000007), respectively. In addition, the degree of reduction of fat fraction (DELTAFF) in the kidneys of the canagliflozin group was correlated with the degree of improvement of oxygenation level (DELTAR2*) in the renal cortex (r = 0.422, P = 0.014)., CONCLUSIONS: The early renal protective effect of SGLT2i in newly diagnosed T2DM patients may be partly attributed to the amelioration of renal hypoxia via the alleviation of ectopic lipid deposition in the kidneys., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Chu Hsien-I Memorial Hospital of Tianjin Medical University (ChiCTR2000037951). Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
Serum cytokine dependent hematopoietic cell linker (CLNK) as a predictor for the duration of illness in type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is an endocrine illness associated with various changes in the immune system and adaptor protein levels. Cytokine dependent hematopoietic cell linker (CLNK) is an adapter protein that regulates immune receptor signaling and acts as a regulator of the receptor signaling of T-cells and natural killer cells. The role of CLNK in T2DM is not studied previously. In the present study, serum CLNK level was measured and correlated with some sociodemographic and insulin resistance (IR) parameters. To achieve these goals, we measured CLNK level and insulin parameters (glucose, insulin, HbA1c, in addition to the calculation of the functions of IR (HOMA2IR), insulin sensitivity (HOMA%S), and beta-cell function (HOMA%B)) in 60 T2DM patients and 30 controls. The results indicated a significant increase (p < 0.05) in serum CLNK in patients group in comparison with the controls. Multivariate generalized linear model (GLM) analysis revealed no significant effect of age, BMI, and sex on the CLNK level. The results of tests for between-subjects showed that the CLNK affects diagnosis significantly (F = 7.445, p = 0.008, partial eta2 = 0.081) and its effect is approximately the same as the effect of insulin (F = 8.107, p = 0.006, partial eta2 = 0.087). The correlation study showed a highly significant positive correlation between CLNK and the duration of disease (rho = 0.420, p < 0.001). It can be concluded that the increase CLNK in T2DM revealing the role of the adaptor proteins level in the progression of the disease and may act as a predictor for diabetes complications, which deserves more investigations. Copyright © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.
Deficits in hippocampal neurogenesis in obesity-dependent and -independent type-2 diabetes mellitus mouse models.; Hippocampal neurogenesis plays an important role in learning and memory function throughout life. Declines in this process have been observed in both aging and Alzheimer's disease (AD). Type 2 Diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a disorder characterized by insulin resistance and impaired glucose metabolism. T2DM often results in cognitive decline in adults, and significantly increases the risk of AD development. The pathways underlying T2DM-induced cognitive deficits are not known. Some studies suggest that alterations in hippocampal neurogenesis may contribute to cognitive deterioration, however, the fate of neurogenesis in these studies is highly controversial. To address this problem, we utilized two models of T2DM: (1) obesity-independent MKR transgenic mice expressing a mutated form of the human insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF-1R) in skeletal muscle, and (2) Obesity-dependent db/db mice harboring a mutation in the leptin receptor. Our results show that both models of T2DM display compromised hippocampal neurogenesis. We show that the number of new neurons in the hippocampus of these mice is reduced. Clone formation capacity of neural progenitor cells isolated from the db/db mice is deficient. Expression of insulin receptor and epidermal growth factor receptor was reduced in hippocampal neurospheres isolated from db/db mice. Results from this study warrant further investigation into the mechanisms underlying decreased neurogenesis in T2DM and its link to the cognitive decline observed in this disorder.
Quantifying Fibrinogen-Dependent Aggregation of Red Blood Cells in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; Fibrinogen is regarded as the main glycoprotein in the aggregation of red blood cells (RBCs), a normally occurring phenomenon that has a major impact on blood rheology and hemodynamics, especially under pathological conditions, including type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). In this study, we investigate the fibrinogen-dependent aggregation dynamics of T2DM RBCs through patient-specific predictive computational simulations that invoke key parameters derived from microfluidic experiments. We first calibrate our model parameters at the doublet (a rouleau consisting of two aggregated RBCs) level for healthy blood samples by matching the detaching force required to fully separate RBC doublets with measurements using atomic force microscopy and optical tweezers. Using results from companion microfluidic experiments that also provide in vitro quantitative information on cell-cell adhesive dynamics, we then quantify the rouleau dissociation dynamics at the doublet and multiplet (a rouleau consisting of three or more aggregated RBCs) levels for obese patients with or without T2DM. Specifically, we examine the rouleau breakup rate when it passes through microgates at doublet level and investigate the effect of rouleau alignment in altering its breakup pattern at multiplet level. This study seamlessly integrates in vitro experiments and simulations and consequently enhances our understanding of the complex cell-cell interaction, highlighting the importance of the aggregation and disaggregation dynamics of RBCs in patients at increased risk of microvascular complications. Copyright © 2020 Biophysical Society. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Efficacy of metformin in the treatment of estrogen-dependent endometrial carcinoma complicated with type 2 diabetes mellitus and analysis of its prognosis.; PURPOSE: To explore the efficacy of metformin in the treatment of estrogen-dependent endometrial carcinoma (EC) complicated with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and the influencing factors for the prognosis of such patients., METHODS: The clinical data of 68 patients histopathologically diagnosed with estrogen-dependent EC complicated with T2DM in our hospital from April 2013 to March 2016, and 132 estrogen-dependent EC patients with normal blood glucose during the same period were retrospectively analyzed. The clinical and pathological features were compared between diabetic patients and non-diabetic patients. The diabetic patients were divided into the metformin group and the non-metformin group according to whether metformin was taken. The survival curves were plotted and analyzed using the Kaplan-Meier method, and the overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS) were compared among the three groups. Moreover, the multivariate analysis was performed using the COX regression model, so as to analyze the influencing factors for the prognosis of patients with estrogen-dependent EC complicated with T2DM., RESULTS: Compared with non-diabetic patients, diabetic patients had higher age of onset, a higher BMI, higher proneness to hypertension, more advanced tumor stage, a higher histological grade, deeper myometrial invasion and a higher risk of lymph node metastasis. Both OS and PFS of T2DM patients who took metformin were significantly prolonged compared with those of T2DM patients who did not take metformin (p=0.021, p=0.011). There were no statistically significant differences in the PFS and OS between diabetic patients who took metformin and non-diabetic patients (p>0.05). According to the results of Cox multivariate analysis, OS was obviously shortened in case of high age of onset, complicated T2DM, late pathological stage of tumor advanced tumor stage, high histological grade, deep myometrial invasion and positive lymph node metastasis, while PFS could was obviously shortened in case of complicated T2DM, late pathological stage of tumor advanced tumor stage, high histological grade, deep myometrial invasion and positive lymph node metastasis. Metformin evidently improved OS and PFS., CONCLUSION: Complicated T2DM, high age of onset, advanced tumor stage, high histological grade, deep myometrial invasion and positive lymph node metastasis are factors for the poor prognosis of patients with estrogen-dependent EC, and metformin can significantly ameliorate both OS and PFS in these patients, thereby improving their prognosis.
Mesenteric arterial dysfunction in the UC Davis Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus rat model is dependent on pre-diabetic versus diabetic status and is sexually dimorphic.; Previous reports suggest that diabetes may differentially affect the vascular beds of females and males. However, there is insufficient evidence to establish the timeline of the vascular dysfunction in diabetes, specifically in relation to sex. Here, we determined whether mesenteric arterial function is altered in UC Davis Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus (UCD-T2DM) rats and if this occurs as early as the pre-diabetic stage of the disease. Specifically, we investigated whether vascular dysfunction differs between pre-diabetic or diabetic status and if this varies by sex. We measured the responses to endothelium-dependent and -independent vasorelaxant as well as vasoconstrictor agents and explored the potential mechanisms involved in sex-specific development of arterial dysfunction in UCD-T2DM rats. In addition, indices of insulin sensitivity were assessed. We report the reduced insulin sensitivity in pre-diabetic males and diabetic females. Vascular relaxation to acetylcholine was impaired to a greater extent in mesenteric artery from males in the pre-diabetic stage than in their female counterparts. In contrast, the arteries from females with diabetes exhibited a greater impairment to acetylcholine compared with diabetic males. Additionally, the sensitivity of mesenteric artery to contractile agents in females, but not in males, after the onset of diabetes was increased. Our data suggest that the reduced insulin sensitivity through AKT may predispose vessels to injury in the pre-diabetic stage in males. On the other hand, reduced insulin sensitivity as well as enhanced responsiveness to contractile agents may predispose arteries to injury in the diabetic stage in females. Copyright © 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Endothelium-dependent impairments to cerebral vascular reactivity with type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Goto-Kakizaki rat.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a prevalent pathology associated with elevated cerebrovascular disease risk. We determined wall mechanics and vascular reactivity in ex vivo middle cerebral arteries (MCA) from male Goto-Kakizaki rats (GK; ~17 wk old) versus control Wistar Kyoto rats (WKY) to test the hypothesis that the diabetic environment in GK, in the absence of obesity and other comorbidities, leads to endothelial dysfunction and impaired vascular tone regulation. Dilation of MCA following challenge with acetylcholine and hypoxia was blunted in MCA from GK versus WKY, due to lower nitric oxide bioavailability and altered arachidonic acid metabolism, whereas myogenic activation and constrictor responses to serotonin were unchanged. MCA wall distensibility and cross-sectional area were not different between GK and WKY, suggesting that wall mechanics were unchanged at this age, supported by the determination that MCA dilation to sodium nitroprusside was also intact. With the use of ex vivo aortic rings as a bioassay, altered vascular reactivity determined in MCA was paralleled by relaxation responses in artery segments from GK, whereas measurements of vasoactive metabolite production indicated a loss of nitric oxide and prostacyclin bioavailability and an increased thromboxane A2 production with both methacholine challenge and hypoxia. These results suggest that endothelium-dependent dilator reactivity of MCA in GK is impaired with T2DM, and that this impairment is associated with the genesis of a prooxidant/pro-inflammatory condition with diabetes mellitus. The restriction of vascular impairments to endothelial function only, at this age and development, provide insight into the severity of multimorbid conditions of which T2DM is only one constituent.
Single-dose acarbose decreased glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide and glucagon levels in Chinese patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus after a mixed meal.; BACKGROUND: Acarbose slows down the intestinal absorption of carbohydrates, but its effects on the secretion of incretins are still poorly known. This study aimed to examine the effects of single-dose acarbose on the secretion of incretins in patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)., METHODS: In this pilot study, twenty-three patients diagnosed with T2DM were randomly assigned to the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) group (n = 11) and the mixed meal test (MMT) group (n = 12). Fourteen subjects with normal OGTT were included as controls. Plasma glucose, insulin, glucagon, glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), and glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP) were measured at 0 (fasting), 15, 30, 60, 90, and 120 min after nutrient load. A week later, controls underwent MMT, the OGTT group underwent OGTT receiving 100 mg acarbose, and the MMT group underwent MMT receiving 100 mg acarbose. The same blood markers were measured again., RESULTS: No significant difference was observed in the OGTT group before and after administering acarbose. In the MMT group, postprandial levels of glucose (P < 0.01), insulin (P < 0.01), glucagon at 15 min (P < 0.05), glucagon area under the curve (AUC) (P < 0.05), GIP levels at 30 min (P < 0.05), and GIP AUC (P < 0.05) were decreased after receiving acarbose with a mixed meal, but GLP-1 levels and GLP-1 AUC did not change., CONCLUSIONS: Single-dose acarbose could reduce the secretion of GIP and glucagon after a mixed meal in patients with newly diagnosed T2DM. The influence of acarbose on incretin levels could be related to the types of carbohydrate being consumed., TRIAL REGISTRATION: This study was registered with the Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (Registration Number: ChiCTR-TRC-14004260 , Date of Registration: 2014-01-19).
Dose-Dependent Effect of Sitagliptin on Carotid Atherosclerosis in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Receiving Insulin Treatment: A Post Hoc Analysis.; INTRODUCTION: Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitors reduce blood glucose in a dose-dependent manner, but the dose-dependent effect relationship between DPP-4 inhibitors and atherosclerosis has not been investigated., METHODS: Patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) treated with insulin were randomized to the sitagliptin (n = 137) or conventional treatment group (n = 137). In the sitagliptin group, each investigator was allowed to adjust the sitagliptin dose to avoid hypoglycemia. In this post hoc analysis, subjects in the sitagliptin group were divided into two groups based on the average dose of sitagliptin during the study period: greater than or equal to median (higher sitagliptin dose group) or less than median (lower sitagliptin dose group)., RESULTS: In this study, subjects were divided into three groups: the conventional treatment group (n = 137), lower sitagliptin dose group (n = 42), and higher sitagliptin dose group (n = 95). The higher sitagliptin dose group had a significantly larger reduction in HbA1c (-0.62 +/- 1.05%) than the conventional treatment group (-0.20 +/- 0.91%, P = 0.007). Over 104 weeks, the higher sitagliptin dose significantly reduced the mean intima media thickness-common carotid artery (IMT-CCA) and left max-IMT-CCA relative to baseline. In addition, the higher sitagliptin dose significantly inhibited the progression in mean-IMT-CCA compared with conventional treatment. Multiple linear regression analysis showed that changes in mean-IMT-CCA and left max-IMT-CCA decreased with higher sitagliptin dose., CONCLUSIONS: Addition of sitagliptin to insulin therapy might attenuate the progression of atherosclerosis in patients with T2DM in a dose-dependent manner., FUNDING: Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Co., Ono Pharmaceutical Co., and Novo Nordisk., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: UMIN000007396.
Validity and reliability of the 19-item Audit of Diabetes-Dependent Quality of Life (ADDQoL-19) questionnaire in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in primary care.; BACKGROUND: This study aimed to determine the psychometric properties of the 19-item Audit of Diabetes-Dependent Quality of Life (ADDQoL-19) in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in primary care setting., METHODS: The ADDQoL-19 and SF-12v2 were administered to 386 Chinese patients with T2DM in public primary outpatient clinic in Hong Kong. Internal consistency reliability was determined by Cronbach's alpha, whereas construct validity was assessed by the Spearman's correlations between the scores of the ADDQoL-19 and SF-12v2. Independent t tests were used in known-group comparisons to identify the differences in the ADDQoL-19 scores between respondents with different duration of diabetes, treatment modalities, body mass index and glycemic control., RESULTS: The ADDQoL-19 had a moderate to weak correlation with SF-12v2 in convergent validity but with statistically significant results in known-group comparisons. Good internal consistency was generated with an acceptable value of 0.81, which was comparable to original English version. Construct validity was proven except the convergent validity is found to be weak with the generic SF-12v2, which was similar to the results in prior psychometric studies., CONCLUSIONS: Despite weak convergent validity, the ADDQoL-19 was found to have a satisfactory psychometric property, especially known-group comparisons and internal consistency reliability in the primary care setting.
Risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in female breast cancer patients treated with morphine: A retrospective population-based time-dependent cohort study.; AIMS: We aimed to examine whether morphine treatment is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in female breast cancer patients., METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort analysis of the Longitudinal Health Insurance Database for Catastrophic Illness Patients in Taiwan. A total of 31,112 women with breast cancer without T2DM history during the period 2000-2005 were identified, divided into morphine and non-morphine users (8071 and 23,041 patients, respectively), and the hazard ratios of newly diagnosed T2DM during the period 2005-2010 were calculated. We used a Cox proportional hazard model with time-dependent exposure covariates to estimate the risk of T2DM. The dosage of morphine was counted as defined daily dose and its effect was assessed by multivariable Cox proportional hazard regression controlling age, Charlson comorbidity index, outpatient department visits, antipsychotics, and breast cancer drugs., RESULTS: Morphine users were 1.24 times more likely to suffer from T2DM than non-morphine users (95% CI=1.04-1.49). Risk increased slightly with the morphine dosage, in patients aged 35-49 years, and with tamoxifen, aromatase inhibitors, and antipsychotics treatment., CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of T2DM is associated with morphine treatment in female breast cancer patients. A higher risk was observed in patients aged 35-49 years using higher dose of morphine, and may be increased by tamoxifen and aromatase inhibitors. Copyright © 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Incretins and Pancreatic beta-Cells: Use of Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 and Glucose-Dependent Insulinotropic Polypeptide to Cure Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is increasing in prevalence worldwide. The complications associated with T2DM result in increased mortality and financial cost for those affected. T2DM has long been known to be associated with insulin resistance in peripheral tissues and a relative degree of insulin deficiency. However, the concept that insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity are not linked through a hyperbolic relationship in T2DM has continuously been demonstrated in many clinical trials. Thus, in order to prevent and treat T2DM, it is necessary to identify the substance(s) that will improve the function and survival of the pancreatic beta-cells in both normal and pathologic conditions, so that production and secretion of insulin can be enhanced. Incretin hormones, such as glucagon-like peptide (GLP)-1 and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP), have been shown to lower the postprandial and fasting glucose and the glycated hemoglobin levels, suppress the elevated glucagon level, and stimulate glucose-dependent insulin synthesis and secretion. In this report, we will review the biological actions and mechanisms associated with the actions of incretin hormones, GLP-1 and GIP, on beta-cell health and compare the differences between GLP-1 and GIP.
[Relationship of adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein to adiponectin ratio with femoral intima-media thickness and endothelium-dependent vasodilation in patients with newly-diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus].; OBJECTIVE: To explore the relationship between plasma adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein (A-FABP), adiponectin (APN) levels and A-FABP/APN ratio with femoral intima-media thickness (FA-IMT) and endothelium-dependent vasodilation in patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)., METHODS: Plasma A-FABP and APN in 133 patients with newly diagnosed T2DM were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays. FA-IMT, endothelium-dependent and independent vasodilation of brachial artery was measured by high-resolution vascular ultrasound. Upper quartile of FA-IMT was regarded as a criterion of elevated FA-IMT, defined as early atherosclerosis (AS). The patients were subdivided into low FA-IMT group (FA-IMT < 0.60 mm, n = 34), middle FA-IMT group (0.60 mm </= FA-IMT < 0.73 mm, n = 33), high FA-IMT group (0.73 mm </= FA-IMT < 0.80 mm, n = 33) and early AS group (FA-IMT >/= 0.80 mm, n = 33)., RESULTS: Plasma A-FABP/APN ratio was higher in early AS group than in low IMT control group [A-FABP/APN x 1000, 3.9(2.8 approximately 6.1) vs 2.9(1.8 approximately 5.7), P < 0.05]. FA-IMT correlated positively with plasma A-FABP/APN ratio (r = 0.216, P = 0.006) and negatively with APN (r = -0.179, P = 0.020). After adjusted for age, gender and BMI, FA-IMT still correlated positively with plasma A-FABP/APN ratio (r = 0.217, P = 0.007) and negatively with APN (r = -0.172, P = 0.026). Endothelium-dependent vasodilation correlated negatively with plasma A-FABP/APN ratio (r = -0.166, P = 0.028). After adjusted for age, gender and BMI, endothelium-dependent vasodilation still correlated negatively with plasma A-FABP/APN ratio (r = -0.153, P = 0.042)., CONCLUSION: Plasma A-FABP/APN ratio is closely associated with FA-IMT and endothelium-dependent vasodilation. Plasma A-FABP/APN ratio may be a better clinical marker of AS and endothelial dysfunction than A-FABP or APN alone in patients with newly diagnosed T2DM.
Thromboxane-Dependent Platelet Activation in Obese Subjects with Prediabetes or Early Type 2 Diabetes: Effects of Liraglutide- or Lifestyle Changes-Induced Weight Loss.; Thromboxane (TX)-dependent platelet activation and lipid peroxidation, as reflected in vivo by the urinary excretion of 11-dehydro-TXB2 and 8-iso-prostaglandin (PG)F2alpha, play a key role in atherothrombosis in obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) since the earlier stages. Thirty-five metformin-treated obese subjects with prediabetes or newly-diagnosed T2DM were randomized to the glucagon-like peptide receptor agonist (GLP-RA) liraglutide (1.8 mg/day) or lifestyle counseling until achieving a comparable weight loss (-7% of initial body weight), to assess whether changes in subcutaneous (SAT) and visceral (VAT) adipose tissue distribution (MRI), insulin sensitivity (Matsuda Index) and beta-cell performance (multiple sampling OGTT beta-index), with either intervention, might affect TX-dependent platelet activation, lipid peroxidation and inflammation. At baseline, Ln-8-iso-PGF2alpha (Beta = 0.31, p = 0.0088), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) (Beta = 2.64, p = 0.0011) Ln-TNF-alpha (Beta = 0.58, p = 0.0075) and SAT (Beta = 0.14, p = 0.044) were significant independent predictors of 11-dehydro-TXB2. After achievement of the weight loss target, a comparable reduction in U-11-dehydro-TXB2 (between-group p = 0.679) and 8-iso-PGF-2alpha (p = 0.985) was observed in both arms in parallel with a comparable improvement in glycemic control, insulin sensitivity, SAT, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP). In obese patients with initial impairment of glucose metabolism, the extent of platelet activation is related to systemic inflammation, isoprostane formation and degree of glycemic control and abdominal SAT. Successful weight loss, achieved with either lifestyle changes or an incretin-based therapy, is associated with a significant reduction in lipid peroxidation and platelet activation.
An uncommon case of diabetic mastopathy in type II non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Diabetic mastopathy is an uncommon tumor-like proliferation of fibrous tissue of the breast that usually occurs in a patient who has suffered from type I diabetes mellitus of long duration. Here we report a rare case of diabetic mastopathy that occurred in type II non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. This patient was a 63-year-old postmenopausal woman. Mammography, ultrasonography and MR imaging could not distinguish it from breast cancer. Although the core needle biopsy specimen showed fibrosis without evidence of malignancy, excisional biopsy was performed. Histological findings demonstrated typical diabetic mastopathy with keloid-like fibrosis, perivascular lymphocytic infiltration, and lymphocytic lobulitis without evidence of malignancy. These lymphocytes were composed predominantly of B-cells. Five months after surgical biopsy, a nodular formation approximately 4 cm in diameter recurred adjacent to the resected end of the biopsy.
Non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus is an inherited metabolic disorder characterized by hyperglycemia with resistance to ketosis. The onset is usually after age 40 years. Patients are variably symptomatic and frequently obese, hyperlipidemic and hypertensive. Clinical, pathological and biochemical evidence suggests that the disease is caused by a combined defect of insulin secretion and insulin resistance. Goals in the treatment of hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia and hypertension should be appropriate to the patient's age, the status of diabetic complications and the safety of the regimen. Nonpharmacologic management includes meal planning to achieve a suitable weight, such that carbohydrates supply 50% to 60% of the daily energy intake, with limitation of saturated fats, cholesterol and salt when indicated, and physical activity appropriate to the patient's age and cardiovascular status. Follow-up should include regular visits with the physician, access to diabetes education, self-monitoring of the blood or urine glucose level and laboratory-based measurement of the plasma levels of glucose and glycated hemoglobin. If unacceptably high plasma glucose levels (e.g., 8 mmol/L or more before meals) persist the use of orally given hypoglycemic agents (a sulfonylurea agent or metformin or both) is indicated. Temporary insulin therapy may be needed during intercurrent illness, surgery or pregnancy. Long-term insulin therapy is recommended in patients with continuing symptoms or hyperglycemia despite treatment with diet modification and orally given hypoglycemic agents. The risk of pancreatitis may be reduced by treating severe hypertriglyceridemia (fasting serum level greater than 10 mmol/L) and atherosclerotic disease through dietary and, if necessary, pharmacologic management of dyslipidemia. Antihypertensive agents are available that have fewer adverse metabolic effects than thiazides and beta-adrenergic receptor blockers. New drugs are being developed that will enhance effective insulin secretion and action and inhibit the progress of complications.
Impaired NO-dependent vasodilation in patients with Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus is restored by acute administration of folate.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Patients with diabetes are characterised by endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular mortality. In particular endothelium-derived nitric oxide has emerged as a first line mechanism against atherosclerosis. Hyperglycaemia causes oxygen radical stress but has also been associated with endothelial nitric oxide synthase uncoupling, both lead to decreased nitric oxide-availability. We recently showed that folate reverses eNOS uncoupling in vitro. Therefore we hypothesise that folate improves endothelial function in Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in vivo., METHODS: Using forearm plethysmography, we evaluated the effect of local, intra-arterial administration of 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF, the active form of folic acid, 1 microg/100 ml FAV/min) on forearm blood flow in 23 patients with Type II diabetes and 21 control subjects, matched for age, sex, blood pressure, body mass index, weight and smoking habits. Serotonin as a stimulator of nitric oxide-dependent vasodilation and sodium nitroprusside as a stimulator of endothelium-independent vasodilation were infused., RESULTS: Serotonin-induced vasodilation was blunted (53+/-30 vs 102+/-66 M/C%, p<0.005) and nitroprusside-induced vasodilation was mildly reduced (275+/-146 vs 391+/-203 M/C%, p<0.05) in patients with Type II diabetes compared to control subjects. 5-MTHF improved nitric oxide-mediated vasodilation (from 53+/-30 to 88+/-59 M/C%, p<0.05) in patients with Type II diabetes mellitus. As expected, 5-MTHF had no effect on forearm blood flow in control subjects., CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: These data imply that folate can be used to improve nitric oxide status and to restore endothelial dysfunction in patients with Type II diabetes. Our results provide a strong rationale for the initiation of studies that investigate whether supplementation with folic acid prevents future cardiovascular events in this patient group.
Production and metabolic clearance of glucose under basal conditions in Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The pathogenesis of fasting hyperglycaemia in Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus has yet to be clarified. Rates of glucose production (Ra), utilization and metabolic clearance rate were therefore measured during an extended fast, in control subjects and in Type II diabetic patients., METHODS: Nine subjects with newly-diagnosed or diet-treated diabetes and seven control subjects matched for age and weight (BMI 36.0 +/- 2.4 and 35.3 +/- 3.1 kg/m2 respectively) underwent an overnight fast followed by a 10-h unprimed infusion of [6-3H]glucose. Plasma tracer concentrations were fitted by a single-compartment model., RESULTS: The metabolic clearance rate was near-constant [61.7 + 2.4 ml/(min-m2)] in diabetic patients and [75.5 +/- 3.3 ml/(min-m2)] in control subjects (p < 0.05). It was correlated to the glucose concentrations both at t = 0 (r = -0.752, p = 0.0008) and t = 10 h (r = -0.675, p = 0.004). The calculated volume of distribution was 17.3 +/- 1.4 l (18.2 % weight, diabetes), 19.6 +/- 2.4 l (18.4 % weight, control). Glycaemia fell from 10.7 +/- 0.8 mmol/l to 6.5 +/- 0.3 mmol/l by 10 h (p < 0.05) in diabetes and from 5.6 +/- 0.6 to 4.8 +/- 0.1 mmol/l in control subjects (p < 0.05). The rate of glucose production decreased in parallel, from 563 +/- 33 to 363 +/- 23 micromol/(min-m2) (p < 0.05) in diabetes from 419 +/- 20 to 347 +/- 32 micromol/(min-m2) in control subjects. Initial Ra was higher in diabetic patients than in control subjects (p < 0.05) and was highly correlated to glycaemia (r = 0.836, p = 0.0001). By 10 h, Ra had converged in diabetic patients and control subjects and all correlation with glycaemia was lost (r = 0.0017, p = 0.95)., CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: In relatively early diabetes, the more "labile" portion of fasting hyperglycaemia, which subsequently decreased, was closely related to the simultaneously decreasing Ra. The 25 % increase in glucose concentrations which persisted as stabilized Ra, resulted from about a 20 % lower metabolic clearance rate.
Regulation of gene expression during severe caloric restriction: lack of induction of p85 alpha phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase mRNA in skeletal muscle of patients with type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Alterations in the regulation of gene expression could be involved in the development of Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus., METHODS: We compared the mRNA concentrations of eight genes encoding proteins involved in insulin action and intermediary metabolism in skeletal muscle of healthy volunteers and Type II diabetic patients. The in vivo regulation of the expression of these genes was investigated after 5 days of hypocaloric diet (1045 kJ/day)., RESULTS: In the basal state, diabetic muscle showed reduced insulin receptor (-38%), hexokinase II (-73%), glycogen synthase (-45%) and lipoprotein lipase (-70%) mRNA expression. There was no difference in the mRNA abundances of IRS-1, GLUT 4, p85 alpha phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase (p85 alpha PI3K) or Rad. In both groups, caloric restriction induced weight loss, reduced glycaemia and increased plasma ketone body concentrations. The diet also increased plasma concentrations of fatty acids and decreased whole-body insulin sensitivity in control subjects. In control subjects, the diet increased p85 alpha PI3K (+146%), insulin receptor (+100%) and Rad (+40%) mRNA concentrations in muscle. In Type II diabetic patients, the diet increased insulin receptor (+41%) and Rad (+31%) mRNAs but the expression of p85 alpha PI3K was not modified., CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: The regulation of the expression of p85 alpha PI3K is altered during caloric restriction in skeletal muscle of Type II diabetic patients. Because we have shown in an earlier study that there is also a defective regulation of p85 alpha PI3K gene expression in response to insulin, these data support the hypothesis that alterations in the regulation of gene expression could be involved in the pathogenesis of Type II diabetes.
Gastric emptying in Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus before and after therapy readjustment: no influence of actual blood glucose concentration.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Hyperglycaemia that is induced short-term slows gastric emptying in healthy subjects and patients with diabetes mellitus. Little information is available on the impact of longer-lasting, naturally occurring blood glucose increases and their reduction to euglycaemic values. We studied the relation between gastric emptying and pre-prandial and postprandial blood glucose concentrations in patients with Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and secondary failure to respond to oral hypoglycaemic treatment (a) before readjusting hypoglycaemic therapy and (b) 1 week thereafter., METHODS: We studied 9 female and 1 male patient (age 60-78 years, BMI 21.9-32.5 kg/m2, diabetes duration 3-33 years, HbA1c 8.8-13.2%). Gastric emptying of a radiolabelled semisolid 1168 kJ meal was recorded scintigraphically., RESULTS: Blood glucose concentration pre-prandial and postprandial was considerably lower subsequent to than before therapy readjustment in all patients (fasting, 7.9 mmol/l+/-1.5 SD vs 11.7+/-1.7 mmol/l; 60 min postprandial, 11.7+/-2.0 vs 15.4+/-2.2 mmol/l). By contrast, gastric emptying was unchanged (residual radioactivity in stomach 50 min postprandial 65.7+/-14.1% vs 66.5+/-12.9%). There was no relation between emptying and either fasting blood glucose concentration or its postprandial increase., CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: The data do not support a major impact of actual, longer-lasting, naturally occurring blood glucose concentrations upon the rate of gastric emptying in patients with Type II diabetes.
[The assessment of thyroid gland function in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (type II)].; The aim of the study was to assess thyroid gland function in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus patients under different therapeutic regimens. There were examined 75 patients with type II diabetes mellitus, age range 33-80 years (average 65.24 +/- 14.32 years) including 46 women and 29 men. Group I was treated with insulin, group II--with diet, and group III--with sulfonylurea derivatives oral antidiabetic agents. Control group consisted of 91 healthy persons in appropriate age. The highest glucose levels were in insulin treated group--174.17 +/- 40.31 mg%, and were significantly higher from the values observed in oral antidiabetic agents treated group (169.89 +/- 41.34 mg%), and in diet treated group, where glucose levels were the lowest--134.57 +/- 25.06 mg%. In both groups--patients treated with insulin and with oral antidiabetic agents a positive correlation between fT4 and glycated hemoglobin levels were observed. Performed experiments and investigations suggest: 1. There are no differences in thyroid gland function in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. 2. Different therapies (diet, insulin therapy, oral antidiabetic agents) have no influence on thyroid gland function.
The impact of a family history of Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus on the risk of diabetic nephropathy in patients with Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: There is substantial evidence for a role of genetic factors in the development of diabetic nephropathy. In Pima Indians, a link between susceptibility to diabetic nephropathy and Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus has been proposed. In this study, our aim was to examine the association between a family history of Type II diabetes and diabetic nephropathy in patients with Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus., METHODS: In a cross-sectional case-control study, we assessed the prevalence of Type II diabetes in the parents of 137 Type I diabetic patients with diabetic nephropathy (albuminuria > 300 microg/min in two of three overnight urine collections) compared with the parents of 54 Type I diabetic patients without nephropathy (albuminuria < 20 microg/min)., RESULTS: Thirty-four (25 %) of the patients with nephropathy compared with five (9 %) of the patients without nephropathy had a parental history of Type II diabetes (p = 0.019). A parental history of Type II diabetes was associated with a three-fold risk [odds ratio 2.95 (95% confidence interval: 1.03 to 8.40), p = 0.043] of diabetic nephropathy after adjustment for sex, glycaemic control and family history of hypertension. Furthermore, there was an excess of risk factors for development of Type II diabetes (higher fasting plasma glucose concentrations, higher prevalence of hypertension, higher waist-hip ratio and a tendency towards more glucose intolerance) among previously non-diabetic parents of patients with nephropathy., CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: Genetic or environmental factors or both related to familial Type II diabetes increase susceptibility to diabetic nephropathy in patients with Type I diabetes.
Impact of glycaemic control, hypertension and insulin treatment on general and cause-specific mortality: an Italian population-based cohort of type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The aims of this study were to assess the impact of diabetes and associated variables (fasting plasma glucose, blood pressure, antidiabetic treatment, body mass index) on general and cause-specific mortality in an Italian population-based cohort with Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, comprising mainly elderly patients. The patients (n = 1967) who had Type II diabetes were identified in 1988 with an 80% estimated completeness of ascertainment. In 1995, a mortality follow-up (98% completeness) of the cohort was done amounting to a total of 11153 person-years. Observed and expected number of deaths were 577 and 428.7, respectively, giving a standardized mortality ratio (SMR) of 1.35 (95% CI 1.24-1.46). The most common underlying causes of death were malignant neoplasm, ischaemic heart disease and cerebrovascular diseases, which accounted for 18%, 17.8% and 17.5% of deaths, respectively. Cardiovascular disease as a whole (international classification of disease ICD-9 390-459) accounted for 260 of 577 deaths (SMR 1.21, 95% CI 1.07-1.36). In internal analysis, the most important predictors of general mortality were insulin-treatment (relative risk [RR] 1.72, 95% CI 1.19-2.49) and a fasting plasma glucose greater than 8.89 mmol/l ([RR] 1.29, 95 % CI 1.04-1.60), whereas the most important predictors of cardiovascular diseases were insulin-treatment and hypertension. In conclusion, this population-based study showed: 1) slight mortality excess of 35% in Type II diabetes being associated with 2) a 30% increased mortality in subjects with baseline fasting glucose greater than 8.89 mmol/l and 3) a 40% increased risk of death from cardiovascular diseases in hypertensive patients.
Circulating semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase is raised both in type I (insulin-dependent), in type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and even in childhood type I diabetes at first clinical diagnosis.; Plasma semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase is raised in patients with Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. It has been suggested that this enzyme is involved in the development of microvascular damage through its ability to convert amines (e.g. methylamine and aminoacetone) into aldehydes, hydrogen peroxide and ammonia. Plasma semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase was found to be equally raised both in patients with Type I diabetes (n = 73) and Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (n = 88) compared with control subjects (621 +/- 209 and 619 +/- 202 vs 352 +/- 102 mU/l, p < 0.0001) and to correlate in multiple regression analysis with HbA1c. Since the enzyme could protect the islets from the inhibitory effects of methylamine on insulin secretion, we also tested sera of 100 children, collected consecutively at first diagnosis of Type I diabetes, for semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase. The activity was greatly increased compared with serum values of 76 control (siblings) children (757 +/- 300 vs 455 +/- 138 mU/l, p < 0.0001), but not associated with HbA1c. Our study confirms the increase of plasma semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase in Type I diabetes and extends this finding to Type II diabetes as well as to childhood Type I at first clinical diagnosis. In the last case increased enzyme activities could serve to protect the islets from inhibitory effects of methylamine but cause damage by generation of hydrogen peroxide, aldehydes and ammonia. In the long run the increased enzyme activities could also contribute to vascular damage by direct cytotoxic action on endothelial cells, including increased oxidative stress and glycosylation of proteins.
Heritability of type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and abnormal glucose tolerance--a population-based twin study.; To elucidate the relative importance of genetic and environmental factors on the development of Type II (non-insulin dependent) diabetes mellitus, we examined a sample of twins (n = 606) ascertained from the population-based Danish Twin Register. Based on a standard 75 g oral glucose tolerance test and current WHO criteria we identified 62 pairs in which one or both had Type II diabetes. The probandwise concordance (monozygotic: 0.50; dizygotic: 0.37) for Type II diabetes per se was not very different. When including the twins with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), however, the probandwise concordance for abnormal glucose tolerance was significantly different between monozygotic (0.63) and dizygotic (0.43) twin pairs, (p < 0.01). These findings were supported by the heritability estimates for Type II diabetes per se (26%) and for abnormal glucose tolerance (61%). The metabolic variables, insulin resistance and insulin secretion, and anthropometric variables, body mass index and waist to hip ratio, known to be associated with the development of glucose intolerance had a heritability of 26, 50, 80 and 6% respectively. This study confirms the notion of a multifactorial aetiology of Type II diabetes. It supports the contribution of non-genetic aetiological components in the development of Type II diabetes per se. The study also indicates a role for genes in the aetiology of abnormal glucose tolerance. We therefore propose that genetic predisposition is important for the development of abnormal glucose tolerance. Non-genetic factors, however, might play a predominant role in controlling whether a genetically predisposed individual progresses to overt Type II diabetes.
The role of aldose reductase gene in the susceptibility to diabetic nephropathy in Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The dinucleotide repeat polymorphism (5'-ALR2) in the promoter region of the aldose reductase gene on chromosome 7q35 has been implicated in the development of diabetic nephropathy in Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, and markers flanking the aldose reductase locus have given evidence suggestive of a linkage between diabetic nephropathy and Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in Pima Indians. To examine whether the 5'-ALR2 polymorphism in the aldose reductase gene is involved in the development of diabetic nephropathy in Caucasians with Type II diabetes, we carried out a large association study. Patients with Type II diabetes from one outpatient clinic were screened for diabetic nephropathy and divided into three groups according to the degree of this disease: 179 patients with normoalbuminuria, 225 patients with microalbuminuria and 70 patients with proteinuria. Patients with normoalbuminuria were included in the study only if they had had Type II diabetes for 10 or more years. DNA from all patients was genotyped for the 5'-ALR2 polymorphism using a previously established polymerase chain reaction protocol. The frequency of the putative risk allele Z-2 was 34.6%, 34.2% and 33.6% in the normoalbuminuria, microalbuminuria and proteinuria groups, respectively. Similarly no difference among groups was found for the frequency of the putative protective allele Z + 2. In conclusion, the results of our association study in Caucasian patients with Type II diabetes do not support the hypothesis that the 5'-ALR2 polymorphism in the aldose reductase gene contributes to susceptibility to diabetic nephropathy.
Genetic influence of the R/Q353 genotype on factor VII activity is overwhelmed by environmental factors in Chinese patients with Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; We studied the effects of genetic and environmental influences on factor VII coagulant activity (VIIc) in Chinese diabetic patients (263 with Type II [non-insulin-dependent] diabetes mellitus, 78 with Type I [insulin-dependent] diabetes mellitus) and 143 normal control subjects. VIIc was measured by a one-stage biological assay. The R/Q353 or Msp1 polymorphism at codon 353 of the factor VII gene was detected after Msp1 digestion of polymerase chain reaction-amplified genomic DNA. In both diabetic and control subjects the allele frequencies of the R (M1) and Q (M2) alleles were 0.96 and 0.04; the corresponding reported frequencies in Caucasians being 0.90 and 0.10: VIIc were 21% lower in Chinese control subjects and Type I diabetic patients with R/Q, compared with R/R subjects (p < 0.001 and p < 0.05). The corresponding difference was 4% for Type II diabetc patients (p = NS). Type II diabetic patients had higher mean VIIc levels than control subjects and Type I diabetic patients (p < 0.01); they were also older, and had higher serum creatinine and triglyceride (all p < 0.01). They also had higher VIIc levels than an age-matched older control group (p < 0.01; n = 182) in whom the genotype effect was clearly seen. On stepwise linear regression analysis, the significant independent determinants of VIIc were serum triglyceride (contributing 20% and 25% to variance in control subjects and diabetic patients), the R/Q353 genotype (contributing to 12% of the variance in control subjects but only 1% in diabetic patients), age and total cholesterol in all subjects, and in the diabetic patients female sex, urinary albumin excretion rate and serum creatinine. VIIc was higher in diabetic patients with macroangiopathy and retinopathy (both p < 0.0001). We conclude that compared with Caucasians, the Q allele frequency is significantly lower in these Chinese subjects. Plasma VIIc is determined by both genetic and environmental influences such that in Chinese Type II diabetic patients, the effect of environmental factors predominates, almost negating the influence of the R/Q353 genotype. High VIIc may contribute to the increased cardiovascular risk in Type II diabetic patients.
Enhanced effects of insulin and angiotensin II on intracellular pH and free cytosolic calcium in fibroblasts from microalbuminuric patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; 1. Whether an alteration in cell membrane cation transport after exposure to insulin and angiotensin II (two important growth promoters that have been shown to be involved in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis and hypertension) is present in cells from non-insulin-dependent diabetes patients with microalbuminuria, a known risk factor for cardiovascular and renal disease, is unknown. We therefore examined intracellular pH and calcium changes after acute exposure to insulin and angiotensin II in cultured skin fibroblasts from eight non-insulin-dependent diabetes patients with and eight others without microalbuminuria and from a group of seven matched, normal control subjects. 2. Cultured fibroblasts were loaded with 2',7'-bis(2-carboxyethyl)-5(6)-carboxyfluorescein acetoxymethyl ester or fura 2-acetoxymethyl ester for continuous monitoring of intracellular pH and free calcium concentrations respectively. 3. In quiescent growth-arrested cells, both intracellular pH and free calcium concentrations were similar in the three groups of subjects. Acutely, insulin induced a gradual alkalinization in all groups of patients. The pH increase was significantly greater in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients with microalbuminuria (delta pH +0.24 +/- 0.04 pH units) than in normoalbuminuric patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (0.08 +/- 0.02; P < 0.01) and normal control subjects (0.05 +/- 0.01; P < 0.01). Although the alkalinizing effect of angiotensin II was smaller than that obtained by insulin, intracellular pH increase after angiotensin addition was more pronounced in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients with microalbuminuria (delta pH +0.14 +/- 0.04 pH units) than in those without (0.08 +/- 0.02; P < 0.01) and in normal control subjects (0.02 +/- 0.02; P < 0.01). That the increase in intracellular pH was mediated by the sodium-hydrogen antiport was demonstrated by its dependence on the presence of sodium in the medium and its inhibition by amiloride. Whereas insulin addition did not evoke any significant increase in intracellular free calcium levels in fibroblasts from the three groups studied, angiotensin II evoked a fast and transient rise in intracellular free calcium that was higher in fibroblasts from microalbuminuric patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus than in cells from normoalbuminuric patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and control subjects. In the whole population of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, the increase in intracellular pH after exposure to angiotensin II was positively correlated with intracellular free calcium increase (r = 0.53; P < 0.05), suggesting a possible role of intracellular free calcium levels in the activation of the sodium-hydrogen antiport. 4. In conclusion, we have described an association between increased agonist-induced responsiveness of sodium-hydrogen antiport activity and the presence of microalbuminuria in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. This increased responsiveness, persisting in cultured fibroblasts after several passages in vitro, suggests that in vitro phenotypic characteristics of fibroblasts are likely to be genetically determined and to be, at least in part, independent of the degree of metabolic control in vivo.
Increased and decreased relative risk for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus conferred by HLA class II and by CD4 alleles.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus has been recognized to be heterogeneous in etiology, with multiple subgroups. Several genes or chromosomal regions have been implicated in the development of the disease. In this study the association of HLA class II alleles and genotypes and the association of CD4 and CD3 polymorphisms were assessed in a large number of Belgian non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients. Furthermore, the importance of the DQ alpha 1Arg52/DQ alpha 1Arg52 and the DQ beta 1Asp57/DQ beta 1Asp57 genotypes and the combination of both genotypes were examined. Our results show that in the HLA class II genes only the DQ alpha 1Arg52+/DQ alpha 1Arg52+ genotype was significantly associated with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus compared with controls (p = 0.011, RR = 2.02). We also observed that the frequency of the CD4*A4/*A8 genotype and the CD4*A7 allele was significantly increased and decreased respectively in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients as compared with the controls (p = 0.018, RR = 2.16 and p = 0.0003, RR = 0.49 respectively). These results therefore suggest that HLA class II and CD4 genes might independently contribute to the susceptibility for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and that these alleles and genotypes might identify subgroups of patients with different susceptibilities.
Insulin resistance is related to albuminuria in patients with type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; To determine whether albuminuria is associated with insulin resistance in patients with type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, we performed hyperinsulinemic (40 mU/m2/min) euglycemic clamp studies in patients with a urinary albumin excretion (UAE) rate greater than 30 mg/24 h and in patients with a UAE less than 30 mg/24 h. The UAE-positive group (n = 22) did not differ significantly from the UAE-negative group (n = 18) with respect to age, sex, treatment of diabetes, body mass index, fasting or postload blood glucose or plasma insulin levels, blood pressure, or known duration of diabetes. The mean glucose disposal rate (GDR) was significantly lower in the UAE-positive group than in the UAE-negative group (3.44 +/- 0.29 v 4.75 +/- 0.52 mg/kg/min, P < .05). When patients with hypertension were excluded, GDR was still markedly lower in the UAE-positive group than in the UAE-negative group (3.89 +/- 0.54 v 6.68 +/- 0.71 mg/kg/min, P = .01). The difference between groups persisted even after adjustment for body mass index, sex, and hypertension (ANCOVA; P < .05). These results indicate that the presence of microalbuminuria is associated with impaired insulin action in patients with type II diabetes mellitus.
Role of sulfonylureas in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: Part II--"The cons".; Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus carries a markedly elevated risk of cardiovascular disease. For that reason the efficacy of any treatment modality for this disease should be assessed in terms of the known cardiovascular risk factors, as for example serum lipids. Sulfonylurea do not affect serum lipid levels to any significant extent. These drugs promote beta-cell secretion by dosing potassium ion channels. These channels are also present in vascular smooth muscle cells. Some, though not all, sulfonylureas are able to inhibit the vascular dilatory response to potassium ion openers, thereby adversely affecting the cardioprotective vascular response to ischaemia. Sulfonylureas, in contrast to insulin, seem able to inhibit the fibrinolytic system, possibly via the stimulating effect of proinsulin on the endothelial PAI-1 expression. These observations need further confirmation. Of clinical importance is the frequent occurrence of hypoglycaemia for which several risk factors are recognized.
Occurrence of late specific complications in type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; The objective of the present study was to determine the occurrence of late specific complications, i.e., nephropathy, retinopathy, and autonomic neuropathy, in type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic subjects with a recent onset and with a disease duration of at least 5 years. The study design comprised of a population-based controlled cross-sectional survey of middle-aged type II diabetic subjects in the City of Tampere, Southwest Finland. The mean (SD) albumin excretion rate per 24 h was found to have increased in recently diagnosed diabetic subjects, i.e., 54 (111) mg (p < 0.0001), and in long-term diabetic subjects, 134 (479) mg (p < 0.0001), compared to nondiabetic controls, 16 (19) mg. Microalbuminuria (30 mg/24 h < or = albumin excretion rate  300 mg/24 h) was 7% in long-term and 4% in recently diagnosed diabetic subjects and zero in nondiabetic subjects. The differences between diabetic and nondiabetic subjects tested for microalbuminuria and clinical nephropathy were significant (p = 0.02-0.0001) exempting the difference between recently diagnosed female diabetic subjects and nondiabetic female subjects tested for clinical nephropathy. Seventy-five percent of biopsied diabetic subjects with an albumin excretion rate exceeding 100 mg/24 h were found to have diabetic glomerulosclerosis, while the rest had a normal finding. In long-term diabetic subjects the prevalence of nonspecific, background and proliferative retinopathies were present in 40%, 31%, and 8%, respectively.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Effect of insulin therapy on coagulation and platelet function in type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.; Twenty type II (non-insulin-dependent) poorly controlled diabetics had tests of coagulation and platelet function performed while receiving high-dose sulphonylurea therapy and at 1 and 3 months following their conversion to insulin. Although no overall change in glycaemic control (assessed by glycosylated haemoglobin) was noted, a reduction in thrombin generation was observed, as judged by a significant fall in fibrinopeptide A concentrations. No changes in factor VIII coagulant activity (VIII:C), factor VIII-related antigen or antithrombin III were found. Glycosylated haemoglobin concentrations showed significant correlations with antithrombin III and factor VIII:C, suggesting that improved glycaemic control might lead to an improvement of antithrombin III function and lower factor VIII:C concentrations. No changes in platelet function were detected. The introduction of an insulin regimen that improves glycaemic control might lead to a reversal of the 'hypercoagulable state' found in type II diabetes.
Defective regulation of phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase gene expression in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.; We investigated the regulation of the mRNA expression of the insulin receptor, insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1) and p85alpha-phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase (PI-3K), three major actors of insulin action, in skeletal muscle from 10 healthy lean volunteers, 13 obese patients with Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and 7 non-diabetic obese subjects. The in vivo regulation by insulin was studied using a 3-h euglycaemic, hyperinsulinaemic clamp. There were no differences in the basal concentrations of the three mRNAs in skeletal muscle between groups. Insulin infusion produced a twofold reduction in insulin receptor substrate-1 mRNA expression in the three groups (p<0.02). In contrast, insulin increased p85alpha-phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase mRNA expression in muscle from non-diabetic subjects (+98+/-22% in lean and +127+/-16% in obese, p<0.02) but this effect was totally impaired in Type II diabetic patients (+5+/-12%, NS). A similar defect in insulin action on p85alpha-phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase mRNA expression was observed in abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue (+138+/-25%, p<0.01 in lean and +46+/-14%, p<0.02 in obese and +29+/-11%, NS in Type II diabetic patients). The lack of action of insulin on p85alpha-phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase mRNA in diabetic subjects was probably not due to a deleterious effect of hyperglycaemia since improvement of the glycaemic control for 10 days did not restore the response in muscle or in adipose tissue. This study provides evidence for a defect in the regulation by insulin of PI-3K gene expression in Type II diabetic patients, thus reinforcing the concept that alterations at the gene expression might be involved in the pathogeny of Type II diabetes.
Viruses may be etiologic agents for non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes.; Although diabetes mellitus is generally subclassified into either of two categories, insulin-dependent (type I) and non-insulin-dependent (type II), the heterogeneity of its clinical expressions, genetics, and etiologies may make a clear distinction in classification difficult. Evidence to date for the involvement of viruses in the etiology of the disease has involved only type I diabetes. However, clinical data derived from the subtle chronicity of type II diabetes, the lack of pathological alterations in the pancreas in some patients with type II diabetes, and animal and human studies with Venezuelan encephalitis virus and rubella virus suggest a possible role for viruses in the pathogenesis of non-insulin-dependent diabetes.
Very-low-density lipoprotein triglyceride metabolism in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Relationship to plasma insulin and free fatty acids.; To investigate the mechanism of elevated plasma triglycerides in non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes, very-low-density lipoprotein triglyceride (VLDL-TG) metabolism was studied in 10 untreated male Pima Indian diabetics and compared with that of 15 weight-matched male nondiabetic controls. VLDL-TG metabolism was studied using tritiated glycerol as an endogenous precursor of VLDL-TG, and the resultant kinetic data were analyzed using a multicompartmental model, which includes two pathways for VLDL-TG synthesis and a stepwise delipidation process for VLDL catabolism. Pima diabetics had VLDL-TG concentrations approximately 150% those of nondiabetics. Rates of VLDL-TG production in the diabetics were not significantly different from those of controls. On the other hand, the fractional catabolic rate for VLDL-TG was significantly lower in the diabetics compared with the nondiabetics. Other catabolic parameters, such as the fraction of VLDL-TG delipidized at each step and the stepwise delipidation rate, were also decreased in the diabetics. To determine the relationships between the increased triglycerides and determinants of lipid metabolism that are altered in diabetes, insulin and free fatty acid concentrations were also assessed. Basal C-peptide levels in the diabetics during the metabolic study were slightly but not significantly higher than those of the nondiabetics. There was a highly significant correlation in the diabetics between plasma C-peptides and VLDL-TG production, whereas VLDL production in Pima nondiabetics was not related to insulin levels. Free fatty acid levels were not significantly elevated in the Pima diabetics. The data indicate that (1) the rise in VLDL-TG in Pima diabetics was a result of decreased capacity for clearance and (2) the absence of elevated VLDL-TG production may be attributed to the lack of increase in free fatty acids.
Hyperglycaemic siblings of Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients have increased PAI-1, central obesity and insulin resistance compared with their paired normoglycaemic sibling.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: First-degree relatives of Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients in cross-sectional studies have increased insulin resistance, associated cardiovascular risk factors and abnormalities of fibrinolysis and coagulation. To minimise between-family genetic and environmental confounders, we investigated within-family relationships between early hyperglycaemia and risk factors., METHODS: Thirteen age and gender matched sibling pairs of Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients, one hyperglycaemic, one normoglycaemic (fasting plasma glucose at screening 6.0-7.7 mmol.l(-1) and < 6.0 mmol.l(-1), respectively) were assessed for plasminogen activator inhibitor antigen (PAI-1), tissue plasminogen activator antigen (t-PA), fibrinogen, Factor VII and Factor VIII/von Willebrand factor antigen. Fasting lipid profiles, blood pressure and HOMA insulin sensitivity (%S) were also measured in siblings and in matched subjects without family history of diabetes., RESULTS: Hyperglycaemic and normoglycaemic siblings (7 female, 6 male) were aged, mean (SD) 56.8 (8.7) and 55.8 (8.4) years. Hyperglycaemic siblings had increased PAI-1 antigen, geometric mean (i.q.r.): 26.3 (15.1-45.6) vs 11.1 (2.1-23.3) ng/ml, p=0.0002, similar t-PA antigen, mean (SD) 9.5 (4.3) vs 7.4 (2.5) ng/ml, p=0.2 and fibrinogen 2.2 (0.3) vs 2.3 (0.6) g/l, p=0.5, and reduced %S 66.3 (30.5) vs 82.9 (25), p=0.04. PAI-1 correlated negatively with %S ( r=-0.55, p=0.005). No significant differences were found in blood pressure or fasting lipids., CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: A minor increase in plasma glucose in non-diabetic sibling pairs of Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients was associated with reduced insulin sensitivity, increased central adiposity and a doubling of PAI-1 antigen concentration, suggesting impaired fibrinolysis. It is possible that this could contribute to increased cardiovascular risk in these subjects.
Circulating somatostatin concentrations in healthy and non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetic subjects.; A technically simple radioimmunoassay for somatostatin-like immunoreactivity (SLI) in human plasma, which uses polyethylene glycol 6000 to precipitate tracer-degrading enzymes and high molecular weight interfering components, is described and validated. Fasting concentrations of SLI in peripheral plasma were similar in healthy and non-insulin-dependent diabetic (NIDD) subjects (range 3-39 pg/ml) but showed fluctuations for individuals in both groups when sampled frequently over a 60-min period. The mean coefficient of variation of SLI concentration was, however, less (8.0%; range 3-13%) in the diabetic group than in age-matched healthy subjects (19.5%; range 11-44%) (P less than 0.02). Thus the regulation of basal D cell activity or of the somatostatinergic nervous system may be altered in type II diabetic subjects. A hospital breakfast (550 kcal) was a weak stimulus for release of SLI in both healthy and diabetic subjects. The rise in plasma SLI was sustained over 120 min. An increment in plasma SLI over mean basal levels of 5.9 +/- 0.8 pg/ml was observed in young (mean age 23 yr; N = 6) control subjects, 7.9 +/- 2.0 pg/ml in older (mean age 55 yr; N = 7) control subjects and 5.9 +/- 0.6 pg/ml (mean age 62 yr; N = 7) in diabetics. Oral glucose (75 g) produced only a transient and erratic rise in plasma SLI that was not significant at any time point for either healthy or NIDD subjects. It is concluded that further investigations are necessary before hypotheses linking somatostatin deficiency with the hormonal and metabolic abnormalities of non-insulin-dependent diabetes can be accepted.
Impact of glucose self-monitoring on non-insulin-treated patients with type II diabetes mellitus. Randomized controlled trial comparing blood and urine testing.; The goal of this study was to compare the relative efficacy and cost of self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) with routine urine testing in the management of patients with type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus not treated with insulin. Fifty-four patients with type II diabetes mellitus, not treated with insulin, who had inadequate glucose control on diet alone or diet and oral hypoglycemic agents were studied. Patients performed SMBG or urine glucose testing as part of a standardized treatment program that also included diet and exercise counseling. During the 6-mo study, both the urine-testing and SMBG groups showed similar improvement in glycemic control; within each group, there were significant improvements in fasting plasma glucose (reduction of 1.4 +/- 3.2 mM, P less than 0.03) and glycosylated hemoglobin (reduction of 2.0 +/- 3.4%, P less than 0.01) levels. Seventeen (31%) of 54 patients actually normalized their glycosylated hemoglobin values, 9 in the urine-testing group and 8 in the SMBG group. Comparisons between the urine-testing and SMBG groups showed no significant differences in mean fasting plasma glucose (P greater than 0.86), glycosylated hemoglobin (P greater than 0.95), or weight (P greater than 0.19). In patients with type II diabetes mellitus not treated with insulin, SMBG is no more effective, but is 8-12 times more expensive, than urine testing in facilitating improved glycemic control. Our results do not support widespread use of SMBG in diabetic patients not treated with insulin.
Treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Diabetes mellitus has been declared to be at an epidemic level by the World Health Organization. The syndrome is characterised as either Type I (insulin-dependent) or Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Impaired glucose tolerance for extended periods of time results in serious complications such as kidney damage and impaired blood circulation and is the main cause for blindness and amputations in patients with diabetes. A combination of life-style change, dietary change and oral medications can treat Type II diabetes mellitus effectively and prevent long-term complications. Combination therapy appears to be the most effective approach in controlling blood glucose levels. This review updates the progress made in medicinal chemistry towards promising biological targets, with the development of a new generation of small molecules having improved efficacy and safety profiles.
Encapsulated, genetically engineered cells, secreting glucagon-like peptide-1 for the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent, or type II, diabetes mellitus is characterized by a progressive impairment of glucose-induced insulin secretion by pancreatic beta cells and by a relative decreased sensitivity of target tissues to the action of this hormone. About one third of type II diabetic patients are treated with oral hypoglycemic agents to stimulate insulin secretion. These drugs however risk inducing hypoglycemia and, over time, lose their efficacy. An alternative treatment is the use of glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), a gut peptidic hormone with a strong insulinotropic activity. Its activity depends of the presence of normal blood glucose concentrations and therefore does not risk inducing hypoglycemia. GLP-1 can correct hyperglycemia in diabetic patients, even in those no longer responding to hypoglycemic agents. Because it is a peptide, GLP-1 must be administered by injection; this may prevent its wide therapeutic use. Here we propose to use cell lines genetically engineered to secrete a mutant form of GLP-1 which has a longer half-life in vivo but which is as potent as the wild-type peptide. The genetically engineered cells are then encapsulated in semi-permeable hollow fibers for implantation in diabetic hosts for constant, long-term, in situ delivery of the peptide. This approach may be a novel therapy for type II diabetes.
Effects of glibenclamide on blood pressure and cardiovascular responsiveness in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of chronic glibenclamide therapy and placebo on blood pressure and cardiovascular responsiveness in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes., DESIGN AND METHODS: Fourteen patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, seven of whom were receiving angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor therapy, received glibenclamide or placebo for 1 month in a double-blind, randomized crossover study. At the end of each treatment period patients attended for studies of forearm vascular responsiveness to intra-brachial arterial infusions of angiotensin II, acetylcholine, sodium nitroprusside and noradrenaline, responses of blood pressure to intravenous infusions of noradrenaline and angiotensin II and 24 h ambulatory blood pressure monitoring., RESULTS: Administration of glibenclamide produced significantly better glycaemic control than placebo (fasting blood glucose level 8.5 +/- 2.4 versus 13.5 +/- 4.5 mmol/l, P < 0.001) and plasma insulin levels were significantly higher during glibenclamide treatment than they were with placebo (12.9 +/- 4.4 versus 9.2 +/- 4.1 mU/l, P < 0.05). Body weights at the ends of the glibenclamide treatment and placebo phases were similar (92.1 +/- 14.3 versus 91.1 +/- 14.3 kg, P = 0.085). Night-time systolic blood pressures were significantly higher during glibenclamide treatment than they were with placebo (128 +/- 17 versus 118 +/- 10 mmHg, P < 0.05) due to there being a smaller day-night difference in systolic blood pressure during glibenclamide treatment that appeared to occur mainly in patients receiving angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors. Responses of diastolic blood pressure to intravenous infusion of angiotensin II and forearm vascular responses to intra-brachial arterial infusion of angiotensin II were significantly greater during glibenclamide treatment than they were with placebo (P < 0.05). However, the enhancement of forearm vascular responses during glibenclamide treatment appeared to be restricted to patients receiving angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors. Responses of blood pressure to intravenous infusion of noradrenaline and forearm vascular responses to infusions of noradrenaline, acetylcholine and nitroprusside did not differ between glibenclamide treatment and placebo; neither did basal forearm vascular resistance., CONCLUSIONS: Glibenclamide therapy is associated with greater responses of blood pressure and forearm vascular responses to infusion of angiotensin and higher nocturnal blood pressures. This effect appears to be influenced by concomitant angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition.
Antihypertensive and anti-albuminuric effects of losartan potassium and felodipine in Chinese elderly hypertensive patients with or without non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; After a 4-week placebo baseline period, 29 Chinese elderly hypertensive patients were randomized, double-blind, to 12 weeks of treatment with either losartan potassium (n = 19), an angiotensin II antagonist at the AT1 receptor, or felodipine (n = 10), a calcium channel blocking agent. Of these 29 patients 12 had coexisting non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. At week 12, the mean reductions (95% confidence intervals) in mean arterial pressure were similar in both groups: losartan -18 (range -22 to -14) mm Hg; felodipine -19 (range -25 to -11) mm Hg. In the whole group, the 24-hour urinary albumin excretion was reduced by 27% with losartan as compared with no change in the felodipine-treated group (p = 0.03; analysis of variance). In the diabetic group, losartan treatment reduced the urinary albumin excretion by 24% as compared with 11% in the felodipine-treated group. In the non-diabetic patients, the urinary albumin excretion fell by 29% in the losartan-treated group, but increased by 14% in the felodipine-treated group (p < 0.001; repeated-measures analysis of variance). Plasma sodium increased to a similar extent in both groups. The fasting plasma triglyceride level declined by 25% (p < 0.001 within group) with losartan, but was not significantly reduced in the felodipine-treated group. For comparable reductions in blood pressure, a greater reduction in albuminuria was seen with losartan than with felodipine treatment in Chinese hypertensive patients with or without non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Long-term studies are required to examine whether these antiproteinuric effects of losartan can be translated to renoprotection.
Implantable insulin pump vs multiple-dose insulin for non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a randomized clinical trial. Department of Veterans Affairs Implantable Insulin Pump Study Group.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether implantable insulin pump (IIP) therapy and multiple daily insulin (MDI) injections could equally attain improved blood glucose control, and to compare the 2 treatments with respect to reducing daily blood glucose fluctuations, reducing serious hypoglycemic insulin reactions, and improving patients' quality of life., DESIGN: Randomized clinical trial., SETTING: Seven Veterans Affairs medical centers., PATIENTS: One hundred twenty-one male type II diabetic patients between the ages of 40 and 69 years, receiving at least 1 injection of insulin per day and having hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels of 8% or above., INTERVENTION: Intensive therapy (IIP or MDI) for 1 year., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Hemoglobin A1c and blood glucose levels., RESULTS: Blood glucose levels declined to 7.96+/-1.08 mmol/L (143.4+/-19.5 mg/dL) and 8.30+/-1.52 mmol/L (149.6+/-27.4 mg/dL) (mean +/- SD) for IIP and MDI, respectively (P=.57). Hemoglobin A1c levels improved in both groups (time effect P<.001), to means of 7.54%+/-0.83% (MDI) vs 7.34%+/-0.79% (IIP). IIP reduced blood glucose fluctuations compared with MDI (P<.001), and reduced the incidence of mild clinical hypoglycemia by 68% (P<.001); IIP also eliminated the weight gain associated with MDI therapy and yielded better overall quality-of-life (P=.03) and impact-of-disease subscale scores (P=.05). Adverse events included 25% of subjects with episodes of insulin underdelivery due to microprecipitates of insulin within the pump., CONCLUSIONS: Intensive insulin therapy with IIP and MDI is effective in controlling non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. IIP has significant advantages in reducing glycemic variability, clinical hypoglycemia, and weight gain, while improving aspects of quality of life.
Comparison of the effects of carvedilol and nifedipine in patients with essential hypertension and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The safety and tolerability of carvedilol, a new antihypertensive agent with the combined pharmacological activities of beta-blockade and vasodilation, and of nifedipine were investigated in patients with essential hypertension and non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus. Twenty patients were openly randomized to receive 25 mg carvedilol once daily (five men and five women; mean age, 63 years) or 10 mg nifedipine t.i.d. (three men and seven women; mean age, 64 years) for a period of 4 weeks. Baseline mean sitting blood pressures were 168/98 and 169/95 mm Hg in the carvedilol and nifedipine groups, respectively. Baseline mean areas under the curve (AUC) of the intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) for the carvedilol and nifedipine groups were 6,136 +/- 1,195 and 6,287 +/- 1,228 mg/dl/min, respectively. Demographic and efficacy variables were not statistically different between treatment groups. After 4 weeks of therapy, mean sitting blood pressure was significantly (p less than 0.02) reduced to 144/91 mm Hg in the carvedilol group and to 149/87 mm Hg in the nifedipine group. Week 4 IVGTT AUC values of 5,735 +/- 1,464 mg/dl/min in the carvedilol group and 5,988 +/- 993 mg/dl/min in the nifedipine group, representing mean reductions of 6.14% and 3.17%, respectively, were not statistically different from baseline. Both treatments were well tolerated. No patient experienced adverse events in the carvedilol treatment group, whereas two patients in the nifedipine group reported episodes of headache (one patient) and palpitations (one patient); each episode was mild in severity and considered to be related to study medication.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The role of amylin in the insulin resistance of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Decreased responsiveness of glucose metabolism to insulin in skeletal muscle and the liver (insulin resistance or insensitivity) is characteristic of many conditions, including non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus. Most current work in this area centres on the hypothesis that the primary defect is an impairment of insulin binding and/or transduction of the insulin signal in affected tissues. However, studies imply that defects in the post-insulin receptor signaling pathways are of primary importance in the causation of insulin resistance. Amylin, a novel pancreatic hormone, secreted along with insulin from the pancreatic beta-cells, can modulate insulin effects, to produce insulin resistance in skeletal muscle and liver.
Islet-cell abnormalities in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus have enlarged islets of Langerhans, an increased number of insulin-secreting beta cells, and a "horseshoe-shaped" relationship between plasma insulin and glucose levels. To some extent, beta-cell dysfunction in patients with type II diabetes is reversible with appropriate hypoglycemic therapy. Defects in the glucagon-secreting alpha cells in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus include basal hyperglucagonemia, an exaggerated glucagon response to aminogenic stimuli, and hyposuppressibility of glucagon by hyperglycemia. Although peripheral resistance to insulin may play a role in type II diabetes, defects in islet-cell function clearly play a significant role as well.
Insulin resistance: receptor and post-binding defects in human obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Insulin resistance is a prominent feature of three clinical conditions: obesity, impaired glucose tolerance, and non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus. Numerous studies over the past 15 years have provided a better understanding, from both a clinical and cellular standpoint, of the pathophysiology of these insulin-resistant states as well as of insulin action. In addition, it has recently been recognized that correction of glucose intolerance leads to an improvement in insulin secretion and a reduction in insulin resistance. Examination of the most recent data suggests that the basis for insulin resistance in these common clinical disorders is often multifactorial. In uncomplicated obesity, the cellular alterations responsible for insulin resistance appear to be at the level of the hepatic insulin receptor and in post-binding processes in peripheral target tissues. In type II diabetes, a post-binding defect(s) in peripheral tissues appears to be the primary lesion. In humans, many of the factors that mediate the changes leading to insulin resistance are still unknown and are the object of current investigations.
[Assessment of plasma lipid profile oxysterols and vitamin E concentration in morbidity obese patients with coexisting arterial hypertension and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; Morbid obesity (BMI > or = 40 kg/m2) is accompanied by lipid disturbances which may be involved in the increased incidence of arterial hypertension and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. The aim of the study was to assess plasma concentrations of total cholesterol (TC), HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides (TG) and two parameters of oxidation stress--vitamin E and oxysterols, in morbidly obese patients with coexisting arterial hypertension and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. Studies were performed in 37 morbidly obese patients divided into three groups: group I--without coexisting diseases, group II--with arterial hypertension, and group III--with arterial hypertension and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. In all groups there was an increase in TG concentration, a decrease in HDL-cholesterol level, and normal values of TC and LDL-cholesterol. The concentrations of 7-hydroxycholesterols (7-OH) in group II (602.65 +/- 264.46 ng/ml) and group III (570.94 +/- 210.59 ng/ml) were significantly higher compared to that in group I (336.09 +/- 220.74 ng/ml). There were no differences between groups in concentrations of 7-ketocholesterols (7-K), TC, HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, TG, vitamin E and vitamin E/(TC + TG) ratio. In all groups TC concentration correlated positively with TG concentration, and negatively with vitamin E/(TC + TG) ratio. Moreover, the positive correlation between TG and HDL-cholesterol concentrations, and negative correlation between plasma vitamin E and 7-K concentrations were demonstrated. In conclusion, although the study demonstrates similar disturbances in lipid profile and oxidation stress parameters in all groups, with significant differences in 7-OH only, the role of cholesterol oxidation products in pathogenesis of arterial hypertension and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in morbidly obese patients cannot be excluded.
Aortic pressure-diameter relation in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus: new insights.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus is associated with macrovascular disease. Therefore, we investigated the aortic elastic properties by a new method in patients with diabetes and control patients matched with them., METHODS: Patients with Type II diabetes (n = 20) and control patients without diabetes (n = 21) were enrolled in the study. All patients had coronary artery disease. Instantaneous aortic diameter was measured by an intravascular catheter developed in our institution. Instantaneous aortic pressure was measured simultaneously at the same aortic level with a catheter-tip micromanometer. Thus, aortic pressure-diameter loops were obtained and slope and intercept were calculated. Aortic distensibility, stiffness constant and energy loss were also calculated., RESULTS: The mean age and the heart rate were similar in the two groups. The pulsatile changes in aortic diameter were greater in the control group (0.94 +/- 0.4 vs 1.28 +/- 0.4 mm, p < 0.01). The stiffness of the aortic wall was greater in diabetic patients as indicated from the following variables: the distensibility was less in patients with diabetes (1.16 +/- 0.6 vs 1.95 +/- 0.9 cm2 x dyne(-1) x 10(-6), p <0.01); the slope was greater (113.4 +/- 120.1 vs 51.61 +/- 3.3 mmHg/mm, p < 0.01) and the intercept was less in diabetic patients (-2301.9 +/- 2692.9 vs -1114.45 +/- 295.6 mmHg, p < 0.01); the stiffness constant was greater in patients with diabetes (1.66 +/- 1.8 vs 0.77 +/- 0.8 mm(-1), p < 0.03). Aortic energy loss was, however, similar between the groups., CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: In patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes aortic elastic properties, evaluated by pressure-diameter relation, are impaired. This could play an important part in the development of vascular complications related to diabetes.
Significant improvement of apolipoprotein B-containing lipoprotein metabolism by insulin treatment in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Patients with Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus have multiple abnormalities in apolipoprotein B (apoB)-containing lipoprotein metabolism. These abnormalities are likely to play an important part in the development of premature atherogenesis in these patients. This stable isotope kinetic experiment was designed to study the effect of insulin therapy on apoB metabolism in poorly controlled Type II diabetic patients., METHODS: Using L-[1-13C] leucine, we studied apoB metabolism in five control subjects without insulin resistance and in six poorly controlled Type II diabetic patients before and 2 months after the introduction of insulin therapy., RESULTS: Insulin treatment induced a decrease of very low density lipoprotein apoB plasma concentration [121 +/- 42 vs 158 +/- 91 mg.l-1, p < 0.05 (control subjects: 48 +/- 20)], related to an increased catabolism of very low density lipoprotein towards intermediate density lipoprotein or low density lipoprotein [0.20 +/- 0.08 vs 0.14 +/- 0.07 pool.h-1, p < 0.05 (control subjects: 0.36 +/- 0.10)]. On the other hand, insulin treatment induced an acceleration of intermediate density lipoprotein apoB turn-over without changing its plasma concentration [77 +/- 37 vs 61 +/- 18 mg.l-1, (control subjects: 17 +/- 3)], by increasing both its production rate [22.6 +/- 9.2 vs 18.2 +/- 9.6 mg.l-1.h-1, p < 0.05 (control subjects: 18.4 +/- 3.2)] and its catabolic rate towards low density lipoprotein [0.34 +/- 0.22 vs 0.22 +/- 0.16 pool.h-1, p < 0.05 (control subjects: 1.02 +/- 0.13)]. Likewise, insulin treatment increased low density lipoprotein apoB production rate [20.2 +/- 7.4 vs 16.9 +/- 7.7 mg.l-1.h-1, p < 0.05 (control subjects: 16.9 +/- 2.3)] and restored a normal low density lipoprotein apoB fractional catabolic rate [0.022 +/- 0.004 vs 0.018 +/- 0.004 pool.h-1, p < 0.05 (control subjects: 0.025 +/- 0.004)], resulting in a constant low density lipoprotein apoB plasma concentration [965 +/- 485 vs 984 +/- 558 mg.l-1 (control subjects: 699 +/- 106)]., CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: Insulin treatment in Type II diabetes induces profound metabolic modifications of lipoprotein, resulting in significant decrease of the intravascular residence time of very low density lipoprotein, intermediate density lipoprotein and low density lipoprotein particles. This is likely to make these particles less harmful.
Late-onset unilateral renal dysfunction combined with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and bronchial asthma following allogeneic bone marrow transplantation for acute lymphoblastic leukemia in a child.; We report a child with T cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia who developed late-onset multiple complications after allogeneic bone marrow transplantation from an HLA-matched sibling. The preparative regimen consisted of total body irradiation (TBI, 12 Gy), splenic irradiation (6 Gy) and cytosine arabinoside (3 g/m2 x 10). Splenic irradiation was added because of persistent splenomegaly in spite of intensive chemotherapy. He developed bronchial asthma 1 1/2 years post transplant. He presented with microhematuria and proteinuria 4 1/2 years post-transplant, which were due to unilateral left renal dysfunction. He developed type II, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus 8 years post-transplant. A biopsy from the left kidney was not compatible with diabetic nephropathy. All these complications appear to be independently related to BMT, particularly TBI and/or splenic irradiation.
A significant relationship between plasminogen activator inhibitor type-1 and lipoprotein(a) in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus without complications.; We previously found a relationship between plasminogen activator inhibitor type-1 and lipoprotein(a) in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and hypothesized that this could be due to a compensatory mechanism able to lower the risk of hypofibrinolysis found in type II diabetes mellitus. The aims of the present study were: (1) to confirm the association between plasminogen activator inhibitor type-1 and lipoprotein(a) in a different group of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients and (2) to investigate whether the association could be related to diabetic complications. Other vascular risk factors able to influence fibrinolytic parameters such as glycemia, obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and oxidative stress were also considered. Sixty-six non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients without diabetic complications (48 men, 18 women), 45 non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients with complications (21 men, 24 women), and 31 control subjects (17 men, 14 women) were studied. Plasma concentrations of lipoprotein(a), plasminogen activator inhibitor type-1 antigen and activity, and the main parameters of lipo- and glycometabolic balance were determined. Antioxidant defense was assayed as oxygen radical absorbance capacity of serum. Statistically significant differences among controls and the two diabetic groups were found for fasting glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, and oxygen radical absorbance capacity of serum, while no statistically significant differences were evident for plasminogen activator inhibitor type-1 antigen and activity and lipoprotein(a). Regression analysis of log plasminogen activator inhibitor type-1/lipoprotein(a) showed a significant correlation only in diabetic patients without complications (r = -0.57, P < 0.001). These results show that a relationship between plasminogen activator inhibitor type-1 and lipoprotein(a) is characteristic of a diabetic population without complications, supporting the suggestion that this relationship could be a compensatory mechanism of the fibrinolytic system to limit the risks of hypofibrinolysis. A lack or a loss of capacity to balance lipoprotein(a) and plasminogen activator inhibitor type-1 could contribute to the pathogenesis of the diabetic complications.
Effects of bovine prostate powder on zinc, glucose, and insulin metabolism in old patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Since rabbit prostate extract strongly stimulated intestinal zinc absorption and improved the diabetic condition of streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats, we examined the effects of 200 mg bovine prostate powder supplemented with 20 mg zinc (Pro-Z) on the clinical manifestations of older male patients with type II diabetes. Twenty-two male patients who received Pro-Z capsules two to four times per day for 3 months showed reduced mean fasting blood glucose levels from 202 to 169 mg/dL, hemoglobin A1C-(HbA1C) concentrations from 12.2% to 9.5%, and mean values for the 3-hour area response above the fasting glucose concentration (TAFGC) from 141 to 102 mg glucose/dL/h. In eighteen patients who received placebo, mean values for fasting blood glucose decreased from 167 to 165 mg/dL and HbA1C from 10.4% to 10.2%, and for TAFGC increased from 121 to 126 mg glucose/dL/h. No detrimental changes occurred in the liver and kidney function of patients receiving either Pro-Z or placebo. However, blood cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein in patients receiving Pro-Z decreased slightly, whereas values in the placebo group tended to increase. The mean fasting plasma insulin decreased 15.5 to 13.8 microU/mL in subjects given Pro-Z, while the zinc concentration increased from 1.21 to 1.39 microg/mL. In contrast, the mean value for plasma insulin in the placebo group changed from 14.4 to 15.4 microU/mL (worsened), and for zinc, from 1.24 to 1.30 microg/ml. Interestingly, fasting urinary glucose concentrations in subjects given Pro-Z decreased from 1,249 to 378 mg/dL, whereas in those given placebo the values changed from 877 to 778 mg/dL. Since plasma zinc concentrations in both the placebo and the Pro-Z group were normal, these results suggest that biochemical constituents in the prostate including zinc may be involved in controlling glucose metabolism in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Effect of the calcium channel blocker nilvadipine on urinary albumin excretion in hypertensive microalbuminuric patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; A 24-week study was conducted to evaluate the effects of the dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker nilvadipine on urinary albumin excretion in eight microalbuminuric hypertensive patients with non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus. Blood pressure and urinary albumin excretion measurements before the administration of nilvadipine (8 mg) were compared with those after 4, 8, 12 and 24 weeks of treatment. No significant changes were observed in the mean values of haemoglobin A1C. Systolic blood pressure was significantly reduced from 174 +/- 23 mmHg before treatment to 144 +/- 13 mmHg after 24 weeks of treatment (P < 0.02). Diastolic blood pressure was significantly reduced from 93 +/- 11 mmHg at baseline to 79 +/- 8 mmHg after 24 weeks of treatment (P < 0.05). Urinary albumin excretion was significantly reduced from 65.4 +/- 37.4 mg/g creatinine at baseline to 51.6 +/- 41.1 mg/g creatinine (P < 0.05) after 4 weeks, and to 39.1 +/- 26.9 mg/g creatinine (P < 0.02) after 24 weeks of treatment. These data suggest that in hypertensive microalbuminuric patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, treatment of hypertension with the calcium blocker nilvadipine may slow the progression of diabetic nephropathy.
[Increased urinary iron excretion rate in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; Urinary iron excretion rate(u-FeER, microgram/min) in urine at night time from 58 patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and 8 controls was measured by atomic absorption. The patients were divided into three groups according to urinary albumin excretion rate(u-AER), namely, Group I(n = 44): less than 20 micrograms/min of u-AER; Group II(n = 9): 20 < or = u-AER < 200 micrograms/min; Group III(n = 5): more than 200 micrograms/min of u-AER. The u-FeER in group III(56.3 +/- 14.8 ng/min, mean +/- SEM) was significantly higher than that in controls (4.0 +/- 1.6ng/min), group I(8.3 +/- 1.6 ng/min) and group II(18.5 +/- 6.5ng/min). The increase of u-FeER in group III indicates that urinary iron may at least partly play a role in development of diabetic nephropathy.
NMR studies of muscle glycogen synthesis in insulin-resistant offspring of parents with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus immediately after glycogen-depleting exercise.; To examine the impact of insulin resistance on the insulin-dependent and insulin-independent portions of muscle glycogen synthesis during recovery from exercise, we studied eight young, lean, normoglycemic insulin-resistant (IR) offspring of individuals with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and eight age-weight matched control (CON) subjects after plantar flexion exercise that lowered muscle glycogen to approximately 25% of resting concentration. After approximately 20 min of exercise, intramuscular glucose 6-phosphate and glycogen were simultaneously monitored with 31P and 13C NMR spectroscopies. The postexercise rate of glycogen resynthesis was nonlinear. Glycogen synthesis rates during the initial insulin independent portion (0-1 hr of recovery) were similar in the two groups (IR, 15.5 +/- 1.3 mM/hr and CON, 15.8 +/- 1.7 mM/hr); however, over the next 4 hr, insulin-dependent glycogen synthesis was significantly reduced in the IR group [IR, 0.1 +/- 0.5 mM/hr and CON, 2.9 +/- 0.2 mM/hr; (P < or = 0.001)]. After exercise there was an initial rise in glucose 6-phosphate concentrations that returned to baseline after the first hour of recovery in both groups. In summary, we found that following muscle glycogen-depleting exercise, IR offspring of parents with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus had (i) normal rates of muscle glycogen synthesis during the insulin-independent phase of recovery from exercise and (ii) severely diminished rates of muscle glycogen synthesis during the subsequent recovery period (2-5 hr), which has previously been shown to be insulin-dependent in normal CON subjects. These data provide evidence that exercise and insulin stimulate muscle glycogen synthesis in humans by different mechanisms and that in the IR subjects the early response to stimulation by exercise is normal.
Cost-effectiveness analyses of the conversion of patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus from glipizide to glyburide and of the accompanying pharmacy follow-up clinic.; At the Department of Veteran's Affairs Outpatient Clinic in Columbus, Ohio, patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus who were receiving glipizide therapy were converted to glyburide therapy over a 6-month period starting in mid-1993. A pharmacy follow-up clinic was instituted to help patients with problems associated with the transition. The conversion was intended to reduce costs by converting from a more expensive to a less expensive drug (in terms of acquisition cost) within the same therapeutic class. An initial analysis of the conversion indicated a savings of $65,000.00 to the Department of Veterans' Affairs (VA) based on the drug acquisition cost differential alone. The purpose of our study was to retrospectively evaluate the cost-effectiveness of the conversion and pharmacy follow-up clinic from the perspective of the VA pharmacy department. Relevant costs and effectiveness (percentage of patients who achieved good glycemic control) were examined for three groups: group I--patients who were treated with glipizide, group II--patients who were treated with glipizide; group II--patients who were switched from glipizide to glyburide, accompanied by a pharmacy follow-up clinic; and group III--patients who were switched from glipizide to glyburide, with no follow-up clinic. Overall, group II had the lowest costs, and group II had to be the most effective. Cost-II effectiveness analysis indicated that, in general, the conversion from glipizide to glyburide was cost-effective. Incremental analysis performed for the follow-up group over the no follow-up group showed that for every 1% of patients who achieved good glycemic control, the VA would spend $1.01 more for the follow-up groups. This was considered to be cost-effective for the VA.
A tumor necrosis factor-beta polymorphism associated with hypertriglyceridemia in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus is associated with significant abnormalities of lipoprotein metabolism. Control of glycemia rarely completely corrects the alterations in lipid metabolism, suggesting a participation of environmental and genetic factors. The observation that tumor necrosis factor (TNF) can modulate triglyceride metabolism offers a new genetic candidate to be analyzed. Samples of DNA from 91 control subjects and 61 diet-treated type II diabetic patients were analyzed to determine the lipid profile and a possible association with TNF genetic polymorphisms. For TNF restriction fragment length polymorphisms, we used the Nco I restriction enzyme and a TNF-alpha probe obtaining two allelic bands at 10.5 and 5.5 kb. We found a significant association (P < .01) of the 10.5-kb homozygous genotype in type II diabetic subjects with high triglyceride levels. Furthermore, these patients showed significant differences in triglycerides as compared with matched control subjects with the same genotype (P < .001). This study provides support for considering the TNF locus as a susceptibility genetic region in the hypertriglyceridemia of type II diabetes.
Effects of oral erythromycin on upper gastrointestinal motility in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Twenty patients (18 males, 2 females) with type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus were enrolled in the study. They were aged 49-72 years (mean age 65 years). Radionuclide-labelled water was used to measure oesophageal motility, expressed as the oesophageal mean transit time (MTT). A radionuclide-labelled solid meal was used to measure gastric motility, expressed as the half-time of gastric emptying (T1/2GET). A baseline study was performed before oral erythromycin therapy. After a 2-week course of treatment, the subjects underwent a second study. Fasting blood sugar (FBS) was also monitored in each study. In the baseline study, MTT was 8.88 +/- 2.00 s and T1/2GET was 198.0 +/- 58.9 min. After treatment with erythromycin, MTT decreased to 7.48 +/- 2.24 s (P < 0.01) and T1/2GET decreased to 137.1 +/- 71.2 min (P < 0.01). In addition, the FBS decreased from 159.0 +/- 40.2 mg dl-1 at baseline to 139.2 +/- 39.8 mg dl-1 after 2 weeks of erythromycin treatment (P < 0.05). We conclude that erythromycin is an effective prokinetic agent for diabetic gastroparesis, and that improved oesophageal transit and gastric emptying may improve glycaemic control.
Molecular cloning and DNA sequence analysis of preproinsulin genes in the NON mouse, an animal model of human non-obese, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Two insulin genes of the NON mouse, an animal model of human non-obese, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, were isolated and characterized to examine the hypothesis that these genes are structurally different from those of normal mice. The NON mouse was found to have two non-allelic insulin genes, as does the normal mouse, and no structural differences were found between the normal and NON mouse in the nucleotide sequence of the insulin gene, including that of the 5'-transcriptional regulatory region, and in the deduced amino acid sequence. There was, however, an additional 113 bp sequence and seven point mutations in a further 5'-flanking region, and three point mutations in the 3'-flanking region of the insulin II gene. We conclude that reduced expression of insulin genes in the NON mouse is not due to the structural change in the known transcriptional regulatory region, although the effect on insulin II gene expression of an additional sequence upstream of the 5'-flanking region, as the negative regulatory factor, remains to be elucidated.
The economic costs of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Persons with diabetes experience elevated risks of a variety of other illnesses-- including circulatory, visual, neurological, renal, and skin disorders--relative to their nondiabetic peers. Previous estimates of the economic burden of diabetes, however, have not taken full account of this related morbidity and mortality and have therefore understated the cost to the nation due to this disease. Accordingly, we estimated the economic costs of type II, or non-insulin-dependent, diabetes mellitus, reflecting its contribution to the total burden of disease in the United States. In 1986, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus was responsible for $11.6 billion in health care expenditures, including $6.8 billion for diabetic care and $4.8 billion attributable to an excess prevalence of related (principally cardiovascular) conditions. The human toll of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus included 144,000 deaths -- about 6.8% of total US mortality -- and the total disability of 951,000 persons. The total economic burden of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in 1986, including health care expenditures and productivity forgone due to disability and premature mortality, was $19.8 billion.
Adverse metabolic effect of omega-3 fatty acids in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Increased interest in using omega-3 fatty acids led us to examine their metabolic effects in six men with type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. After 1 month of a diet supplemented with these fatty acids, the patients' fasting glucose rose from 13.1 +/- 1.3 to 15.3 +/- 1.3 mmol/L (P = 0.03) and glucose area during a mixed meal profile rose by 22% (P = 0.04). Basal hepatic glucose output rose from 97 +/- 9 to 122 +/- 8 mg/m2 . min (P = 0.004) but glucose disposal rates measured by euglycemic glucose clamp were unchanged. Fasting insulin levels were similar; peak insulin levels stimulated by meals or intravenous glucagon fell by 30% and 39%, respectively. Plasma and erythrocyte content of omega-3 fatty acid rose significantly. After omega-3 fatty acid withdrawal, fasting glucose returned to baseline. Omega-3 fatty acid treatment in type II diabetes leads to rapid but reversible metabolic deterioration, with elevated basal hepatic glucose output and impaired insulin secretion but unchanged glucose disposal rates. Caution should be used when recommending omega-3 fatty acids in type II diabetic persons.
Psychosocial predictors of self-care behaviors (compliance) and glycemic control in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; This study assessed potential psychosocial correlates of self-care behaviors (compliance) and of glycemic control in a community sample of 184 people diagnosed as having non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus. Four different diabetes self-care behaviors were studied (medication taking, glucose testing, diet, and exercise), and glycemic control was assessed by glycosylated hemoglobin analyses. Multiple measures were collected within each of several categories of psychosocial variables including knowledge, stress, depression, anxiety, diabetes-specific health beliefs, and social support. Findings indicate that approximately 25% of the variance in self-care behaviors can be explained by psychosocial and demographic variables. In contrast, psychosocial variables were not significant predictors of level of glycemic control. The diabetes-specific psychosocial measures of health beliefs and social support were the most consistent and strongest predictors of self-care behavior across the different regimen areas studied. Possible reasons for these findings, limitations of the study, and directions for future research are discussed.
Effect of sulfonylurea therapy on plasma lipids and high-density lipoprotein composition in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To assess the effects of sulfonylurea therapy on plasma lipids and high-density lipoprotein composition, 11 obese diabetic Pima Indians with type II, or non-insulin-dependent, diabetes mellitus were studied before and after tolazamide therapy for one month. Diet composition and weight were kept constant, and the data were compared with a control group of 18 age-, sex-, and weight-matched non-diabetic subjects. Improvement of glycemic control was accompanied by significant decreases in total and very-low-density lipoprotein triglycerides. Total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol also declined significantly, and there was an increase in the ratio of high-density lipoprotein to low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Concentrations of total high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, phospholipid, and apolipoprotein AI were unchanged. An increase in the proportion of the high-density lipoprotein 2 subfraction, however, was suggested by significant increases in the ratios of high-density lipoprotein 2 to high-density lipoprotein 3 cholesterol and apolipoprotein AI. There was also a change in the composition of the high-density lipoprotein 2 particle, as indicated by changes in the molar ratio of cholesterol to apolipoprotein AI. The data suggest that improvement of glycemic control after sulfonylurea therapy, when weight and diet composition remain constant, reverses several of the lipoprotein abnormalities observed in type II diabetic patients. There was no evidence of changes in lipoproteins in directions associated with an increased risk for atherosclerosis.
Decreased insulin-mediated but not non-insulin-dependent glucose disposal rates in glucose intolerance and type II diabetes in African (Ghanaian) immigrants.; The authors evaluated the significance of beta cell function, non-insulin-dependent glucose disposal (glucose effectiveness [Sg]), and insulin-dependent glucose disposal (insulin sensitivity) in African immigrants with varying degrees of glucose tolerance. Thirty-two African immigrants residing in Franklin County, Ohio, were studied. There were 16 subjects with normal glucose tolerance (NGT), 11 with intermediate glucose tolerance (IGT), and 5 with type II diabetes mellitus (DM). Insulin sensitivity index and Sg were measured by an insulin-modified, frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test. The mean fasting and post-glucose serum glucose levels were lowest in the NGT, intermediate in the IGT group, and highest in the DM group. Mean serum insulin and c-peptide responses rose briskly by threefold to a peak in the NGT and the IGT groups. In the DM group, mean serum insulin and c-peptide responses were severely blunted to glucose stimulation. The sensitivity index was highest in the NGT (3.09 +/- 0.27), intermediate in the IGT (1.81 +/- 0.47), and lowest in the DM (0.48 +/- 0.28 x 10(-2). mins-1 (microU/ml)-1). The Sg was identical in the NGT (2.78 +/- 0.22) and IGT (2.78 +/- 0.27) groups but was slightly but not significantly lower in the DM (2.20 +/- 0.35 x 10(-2). mins-1). In addition, the glucose decay constant was not statistically different in the NGT (3.00 +/- 0.38) and IGT (2.25 +/- 0.19) group, but the mean values were significantly greater than in the patients with diabetes (0.78 +/- 0.15 percent/mins). The mean disposition index (sensitivity index X beta cell function as assessed by both insulin and c-peptide) was significantly greater in NGT than in the IGT (P<0.05) and in the diabetic group (P<0.001). In summary, the authors demonstrate that, in native African immigrants, type II diabetes is associated with significant reduction in beta cell function, insulin sensitivity, and glucose decay constant, but not in Sg. In patients with intermediate or impaired glucose tolerance, there is moderate insulin resistance and evidence of inadequate compensation by beta cell, but the Sg, the Sg at theoretical insulin concentration, and glucose decay constant remain normal. They conclude that, unlike other ethnic and racial groups, in glucose intolerant native African patients, alterations in Sg or non-insulin dependent glucose disposal (ie, tissue glucose sensitivity) do not appear to play a significant role in the impairment of glucose tolerance and type II diabetes in African immigrants.
Twenty-four-hour insulin secretion rates, circulating concentrations of fuel substrates and gut incretin hormones in healthy offspring of Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic parents: evidence of several aberrations.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Insulin resistance is a common feature in relatives of patients with Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and abnormalities in beta-cell function can also exist. Insight into non-fasting carbohydrate metabolism in these potentially prediabetic subjects relies almost exclusively on studies in which glucose is infused or ingested or both. We aimed to characterize insulin secretion and aspects of hormonal and metabolic patterns in relatives using a physiological approach., METHODS: We examined profiles of insulin, C peptide, proinsulin, gut incretin hormones and fuel substrates in 26 glucose tolerant but insulin resistant (clamp) relatives and 17 control subjects during a 24-hour period including three meals., RESULTS: During the day plasma glucose was slightly raised in relatives (p < 0.05). Overall insulin secretion calculated on the basis of C peptide kinetics were increased in relatives (p < 0.0005) whereas incremental insulin secretion after all three meals were similar. Peak incremental insulin secretion tended, however, to be reduced in relatives (p < 0.10). Despite considerably increased insulin concentrations in relatives (70 %, p < 0.001), serum NEFA did not differ. Postprandial proinsulin concentrations (p < 0.05), but not proinsulin:insulin ratios, were increased in relatives. After meals concentrations of glucose-dependent-insulinotropic polypeptide (p < 0.05) were increased in relatives. Glucagon-like peptide-1 concentrations were similar., CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: Several hormonal and metabolic aberrations are present in healthy relatives of Type II diabetic patients during conditions that simulate daily living. Increased concentrations of glucose-dependent-insulinotropic polypeptide could indicate a beta-cell receptor defect for glucose-dependent-insulinotropic polypeptide in the prediabetic stage of Type II diabetes. Incremental insulin secretion after mixed meals appear normal in relatives, although a trend towards diminished peak values possibly signifies early beta-cell dysfunction. [Diabetologia (1999) 42: 1314-1323]
Risk factors for mortality in Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes: evidence of a role for neuropathy and a protective effect of HLA-DR4.; To test the hypothesis that interaction between genetic, immunological, clinical and metabolic risk factors influences the outcome of Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, we examined which of the above factors present at baseline were associated with mortality in 134 Type II diabetic patients followed for 9 years. Thirty-eight patients (29%) died during the follow-up period; the majority of whom (68%) died from cardiovascular disease. At baseline, the deceased patients had higher HbA1c values (p = 0.002), higher LDL-triglycerides (p = 0.007), lower HDL-cholesterol (p = 0.007), higher non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) concentrations (p = 0.014), and higher albumin excretion rate (p < 0.0001) than the patients who survived. In addition, the frequency of HLA-DR4 (21 vs 39%, p = 0.048) and of parietal cell antibodies (5 vs 14%, p = 0.016) were decreased in the deceased as compared to the living patients. Patients who died during follow-up also had more retinopathy (42 vs 16%, p = 0.002), neuropathy (57 vs 23%, p < 0.001), microalbuminuria (45 vs 6%, p < 0.0001), coronary heart disease (50 vs 13%, p < 0.0001), and peripheral vascular disease (27 vs 9%, p = 0.005) at baseline than patients who survived. In a multiple logistic regression analysis macroangiopathy (p = 0.004), neuropathy (p = 0.007), HbA1c (p = 0.018) and albumin excretion rate (p = 0.016) were independent risk factors for death. In patients free of cardiovascular disease at baseline, conventional risk factors such as LDL-cholesterol (p = 0.005) and age (p = 0.003) were associated with subsequent development of cardiovascular disease. In conclusion, in addition to coexisting macroangiopathy, increased albumin excretion rate, poor glycaemic control and neuropathy are risk factors for cardiovascular mortality in patients with Type II diabetes. The presence of HLA-DR4 and signs of autoimmunity may be associated with decreased risk of cardiovascular disease.
Acute effects of a glucose load on plasma apolipoproteins A-I, A-II, C-II, and C-III in normal and non-insulin-dependent diabetic men.; Changes in plasma levels of apolipoproteins A-I, A-II, C-II, and C-III, cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, and insulin were studied after administration of a glucose load in six normal subjects and five patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. The main finding of our study was the significantly increased responses of total triglycerides and apolipoproteins C-II and C-III from the baseline values in the normal subjects but not in the diabetic group. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels at baseline and after glucose loading were significantly lower in diabetic than in normal subjects. As expected, abnormal glucose tolerance and hyperinsulinemia were observed in the diabetic subjects after the glucose loading. The peak glucose and insulin levels and their decline after the glucose loading were delayed in the diabetic patients. The glucose load did not significantly alter total plasma cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and apolipoprotein A-I and A-II concentrations in normal and diabetic subjects. The apparent blunted response of total triglycerides and apolipoproteins C-II and C-III in the diabetic subjects may be related to maximal stimulation of synthesis of triglycerides and apolipoproteins C-II and C-III by the hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia (or both) present in these patients.
[Oral hypoglycemic agents and metformin in the treatment of type II non-insulin-dependent diabetes].; Remarks on oral antidiabetic agents and metformin in the management of non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus type II.
Tetrahydrobiopterin improves endothelium-dependent vasodilation by increasing nitric oxide activity in patients with Type II diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Tetrahydrobiopterin is an essential cofactor of nitric oxide synthase, and its deficiency decreases nitric oxide bioactivity. Our aim was to find whether supplementation of tetrahydrobiopterin could improve endothelial dysfunction in diabetic patients., METHODS: Forearm blood flow responses to the endothelium-dependent vasodilator acetylcholine (0.75-3.0 microg x 100 ml(-1) x min(-1)) and to the endothelium-independent vasodilator sodium nitroprusside (0.1-1.0 microg x 100 ml(-1) x min(-1)) before and during concomitant intra-arterial infusion of tetrahydrobiopterin (500 microg/min) were measured by venous occlusion plethysmography in 12 control subjects and 23 patients with Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus., RESULTS: In control subjects, tetrahydrobiopterin had no effect on the dose-response curves to acetylcholine and sodium nitroprusside. In contrast, in diabetic patients, the attenuated endothelium-dependent vasodilation to acetylcholine was considerably improved by concomitant treatment with tetrahydrobiopterin, whereas the endothelium-independent vasodilation was not affected. This beneficial effect of tetrahydrobiopterin in diabetic patients could be completely blocked by N(G)-monomethyl-L-arginine., CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: These findings suggest the possibility that endothelial dysfunction in Type II diabetes might be related to decreased availability of tetrahydrobiopterin.
Age-dependent changes in phenotypes and candidate gene analysis in a polygenic animal model of Type II diabetes mellitus; NSY mouse.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The Nagoya-Shibata-Yasuda (NSY) mouse closely mimics human Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in that the onset is age-dependent, the animals are not severely obese, and both insulin resistance and impaired insulin response to glucose contribute to disease development. The aim of this study was to clarify the influence of age on the pathogenesis of diabetes and to analyse a candidate gene for Type II diabetes in this strain., METHODS: Several phenotypic characteristics related to diabetes mellitus were monitored longitudinally in male NSY and control C3H/He mice. The nucleotide sequence of Glut4, a candidate gene for Nidd1nsy (a susceptibility gene for Type II diabetes) on Chromosome 11, encoding insulin-sensitive glucose transporter, was determined in NSY and C3H mice., RESULTS: Glucose intolerance worsened with age, and fasting blood glucose and fasting plasma insulin concentration increased with age in NSY mice. Pancreatic insulin content increased until 24 weeks of age but then decreased at 48 weeks of age in NSY mice. The hypoglycaemic response to insulin was statistically significantly smaller in NSY than in C3H/He mice. The nucleotide sequence of GLUT4 cDNA was identical in NSY and C3H/He mice, but both were different from the sequence reported previously., CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: Insulin secretion and insulin resistance, as well as ageing possibly play an important part in the disease development in NSY mice. A decline of pancreatic insulin content in older age might cause the relative insulin deficiency in this strain. Nucleotide sequencing suggests that Glut4 is unlikely to be a candidate gene for Nidd1nsy.
Sex differences in weight loss among adults with type II diabetes mellitus.; The treatment of choice for Type II or non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is a behavioral program for the management of weight. However, compliance with this lifelong dietary regimen is often poor. In the current investigation male and female adults with diagnosed Type II diabetes were randomly assigned to either a behavior modification, a cognitive modification, a cognitive-behavior modification, or a control group. Patients were evaluated in terms of weight, percentage of body fat, and glycosylated hemoglobin measures. Men lost significantly more weight than women and subjects in the behavior modification group lost more weight and demonstrated greater decreases in diabetes control than subjects in the cognitive-behavior modification, cognitive, and control groups. A significant interaction indicated that diabetic men may benefit more from behavioral weight reduction programs than diabetic women. Several explanations for these findings are considered.
The putative role of the hormone-sensitive lipase gene in the pathogenesis of Type II diabetes mellitus and abdominal obesity.; Impaired lipolysis has been proposed as a pathogenic factor contributing to clustering of abdominal obesity and dyslipidaemia in Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus--that is, the metabolic syndrome (MSDR). As this syndrome clusters in families, alterations in the hormone-sensitive lipase (HSL) gene could contribute to the genetic predisposition to MSDR. To test this hypothesis we carried out population and intrafamily association studies in individuals with MSDR, using a polymorphic marker (LIPE) in the HSL gene. There was a significant difference in allele frequency distribution between 235 Type II diabetic patients and 146 control subjects (p = 0.002), particularly between 78 abdominally obese Type II diabetic patients with MSDR and the control group (p = 0.010). An extended transmission disequilibrium test (TDT) showed transmission disequilibrium of 66 alleles to 42 nondiabetic, abdominally obese offspring in families with Type II diabetes (p < 0.05). A slight difference in allele frequency distribution was seen between 71 individuals from the lowest and 71 from the highest tertile of isoprenaline-induced lipolysis in fat tissue (p = 0.07). No missense mutations were found with single-strand conformational polymorphism (SSCP) in 20 abdominally obese subjects with MSDR. In conclusion, our population and intrafamily association studies suggest that the LIPE marker in the HSL gene is in linkage disequilibrium with an allele and/or gene which increases susceptibility to abdominal obesity and thereby possibly to Type II diabetes.
Risk of obesity in type II diabetes mellitus.; The obvious syntropy of obesity and type II (non-insulin dependent) diabetes mellitus has always suggested a causal inter-relationship between the two diseases. However, the actual pathophysiological connection still remains to be elucidated. Recent findings have suggested that insulin resistance and hyperinsulinaemia might link glucose intolerance/type II diabetes mellitus, hypertension and hyperlipoproteinaemia in the context of a hypothetical 'syndrome X' characterized by an excessive risk constellation for the development of atherosclerosis. However, as to the practical consequences of the ('diabesity') syndrome of type II diabetes mellitus and structured programmes for effective therapy, very little new information has been gathered during the past 100 years.
Type II diabetes mellitus update: diagnosis and management.; Diabetes mellitus type II (currently known as non-insulin-dependent diabetes) is apparently the result of genetically imposed insulin resistance. Type II diabetes is far more common than insulin-dependent (type I) diabetes, which is probably an autoimmune disease resulting in inadequate insulin production. The decade of the '80s has seen several changes in the management of type II diabetes, including: more widespread use of glycosylated hemoglobin and home blood glucose monitoring as surveillance tools; modification of the dietary regimen by advocating increased amounts of complex carbohydrates; use in this country of the second-generation oral sulfonylureas; and therapeutic trials of tricyclic antidepressants for relief of painful diabetic neuropathy. Diabetes mellitus type II is potentially preventable through encouragement of weight loss and regular screening for those genetically at risk.
Effects of caloric restriction and weight loss on glycemic control, insulin release and resistance, and atherosclerotic risk in obese patients with type II diabetes mellitus.; This study was designed to determine: (1) the effectiveness and safety of protein-sparing fast and gastric bypass surgery for achieving weight reduction in obese patients with type II diabetes mellitus (non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus); (2) the effects of these interventions on glycemic control; (3) the effects of weight loss on insulin secretion and action; and (4) the effects of treatment on atherosclerotic risk factors. Six patients consumed only a protein supplement (1.4 g/kg ideal body weight) for up to six months until a final weight below 120 percent of ideal body weight was achieved or weight loss ceased. Six patients underwent gastric bypass surgery. Both groups of patients were studied before and after treatment while consuming a balanced weight-maintaining diet. Both protein-sparing fast and gastric bypass surgery were safe and successful in the short term in producing weight loss. Both treatments improved glycemic control. Mean fasting plasma glucose values fell from 287 to 168 mg/dl (p less than 0.01). Mean total glycosylated hemoglobin values declined from 11.9 to 8.2 percent (p less than 0.01) (normal reference interval 5.85 to 8.85 percent). Patients who achieved a final weight below 125 percent of ideal body weight had significantly better post-treatment fasting plasma glucose values (130 versus 196 mg/dl, p less than 0.05) and total glycosylated hemoglobin values (6.8 versus 9.0, p less than 0.02) than those whose weight remained above 125 percent of ideal. In diet-treated patients, improved glycemic control occurred with caloric restriction alone prior to significant weight loss. Improved glycemic control was accompanied by decreased insulin resistance. Mean steady-state plasma glucose values fell from 377 to 208 mg/dl (p less than 0.008), and mean fasting insulin values fell from 31.0 to 17.0 microU/ml (p less than 0.004). Acute-phase insulin release, which was markedly impaired before treatment, did not improve even in patients who had post-treatment fasting plasma glucose values below 130 mg/dl. Significant improvements in atherosclerotic risk factors occurred. Mean high-density lipoprotein cholesterol values increased from 33.8 to 40.5 mg/dl (0.006 less than p less than 0.008), and factor VIII coagulant activity decreased from 194 to 140 percent (p less than 0.005). Serum fibrinogen also decreased (393 to 347 mg/dl, p = 0.08), although the decrease did not reach clinical significance.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
The pathogenesis of type II diabetes mellitus. A brief survey.; Type II, non-insulin-dependent, diabetes mellitus occurs worldwide, though with great variations in prevalence rates: the highest rates--about 30-35%--are reported for the Pima Indians and for the population of the island Nauru in the Pacific. The disease is to some extent inherited, but the mode of inheritance is unknown. Recent studies of the length polymorphism of the insulin gene, however, suggest that it may be possible to find a genetic marker for the disease. Obesity is common among type II diabetics, and the occurrence of the type II diabetes increases with age. One possible explanation is that both obesity and advanced age are associated with a decrease in insulin sensitivity. Insulin resistance is a common finding in type II diabetes; it has been demonstrated with several methods, including the euglycaemic insulin clamp technique. The role of insulin receptor and post-receptor defects in the pathogenesis of this insulin resistance is currently being studied with great interest. In addition to impairment of insulin sensitivity, there is a reduction in glucose-stimulated insulin secretion in individuals with type II diabetes. The primary defect of the disease, however, has yet to be established. Type II diabetes may well be a heterogeneous disorder with several different aetiologies; one argument for heterogeneity within the disease is the chlorpropamide alcohol flush reaction that can be demonstrated among about one third of type II diabetics. Further investigations of the pathogenesis of the disease are needed, and it is hoped that these will pave the way for the development of more specific therapy, and even prevention of the disease.
[Tumor necrosis factor-alpha; a possible pathogenic factor in obesity in insulin resistant and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus?].; The role of tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha in the development of insulin resistance has repeatedly been emphasized in the past few years. The present paper summarizes the data (including the authors' observations as well) focusing on the potential role of TNF-alpha in the pathogenesis of obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: alteration of insulin receptor function, lipid metabolism, expression of sulphonylurea receptors, all of them suggested to be related to the TNF-alpha. The potential clinical relevances are shortly reviewed.
A randomized clinical trial comparing behavior modification and individual counseling in the nutritional therapy of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: comparison of the effect on blood sugar, body weight, and serum lipids.; To determine whether a group behavior modification approach might be preferable to individual counseling in the nutritional therapy of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, 40 adults younger than 65 yr of age with diabetes mellitus who were not receiving insulin were randomized to either a program of individualized dietary review and recommendations or a program of group meetings aimed at controlling the signals leading to overeating and noncompliance with a diabetic dietary regimen. Statistically significant (P less than 0.05) decreases in body weight, sum skin-fold thickness, fasting serum glucose, and serum triglycerides but not LDL-C or HDL-C were observed. The individual counseling group had a greater amount of weight loss than the behavior modification group. There were no significant (P greater than 0.05) differences between the two groups with respect to the biochemical outcome variables. Patient characteristics assessed at entry--namely anxiety, internal versus external locus of control and perceived disease severity, and compliance with advice--were significantly associated with weight loss in the behavior modification group while only the latter index was of value in the individual counseling group. Thus, our use of these programs does not identify a clear advantage of either approach in the nutritional therapy of non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients.
Propranolol does not inhibit sulphonylurea-stimulated insulin secretion in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; In a double-blind cross-over trial we compared the effects of placebo and propranolol on iv tolbutamide and oral glipizide-stimulated insulin secretion in 10 non-insulin dependent diabetics. The patients were randomly allocated for 2 weeks treatment with placebo and propranolol 80 mg twice daily. At the end of each period an iv tolbutamide test and an oral glipizide-glucose-test were performed. Tolbutamide-stimulated insulin secretion was not affected by propranolol. There was no change in blood glucose levels during the iv tolbutamide test (IVTT), which excluded an effect of blood glucose on insulin secretion. During the oral glipizide-glucose challenge propranolol decreased blood glucose at 60 min (P less than 0.01) and increased C-peptide at 0 min (P less than 0.01) and 30 min (P less than 0.05) compared with placebo. In contrast to earlier results obtained in animals and healthy subjects propranolol does not inhibit insulin- or C-peptide responses to sulphonylurea in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.
Glibenclamide and gliquidone in the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The effect of glibenclamide and gliquidone on fasting blood glucose, 24-hour urinary glucose excretion, HbA1 concentrations and on the blood glucose and plasma insulin responses to an oral glucose load were investigated in 11 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. The study was carried out as an open, ambulatory, cross-over trial during 24 weeks. After a 4-week diet period the patients were randomly allocated to treatment with either glibenclamide or gliquidone. After a 8-week period on a constant drug dose, they switched over to the corresponding dose of the other drug, each patient thus being his own control. Glibenclamide and gliquidone reduced fasting blood glucose values (p less than 0.001), diurnal urine glucose concentrations (p less than 0.001, resp. p less than 0.01) and HbA1 concentrations (p less than 0.02 resp. p less than 0.05) compared to the values in the diet period. Glibenclamide proved more effective than gliquidone in lowering fasting blood glucose concentrations (p less than 0.01), but no difference in 24-hour urine glucose and HbA1 concentrations was seen between the two drugs. Glibenclamide and gliquidone improved the glucose tolerance after an oral glucose load (p less than 0.01 resp. p less than 0.05) compared to diet values. The improved glucose tolerance during sulfonylurea treatment was, however, not associated with significant changes in insulin levels.
[The effect of weight reduction on compensation in diabetic obese patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is associated with obesity in 80 to 90%. The presence of obesity enhances insulin resistance, which increases the demands on insulin secretion and causes deterioration of glucose tolerance. Hyperinsulinism has some metabolic sequelae which increase the risk of the development and progression of atherosclerosis. Reduction of body weight is a basic therapeutic provision in obese diabetics. It results not only in better compensation of diabetes but also other metabolic parameters and blood pressure as it leads to a higher tissue sensitivity for insulin. This can delay the development of long-term complications of diabetes mellitus.
Elevated renal endothelin-I clearance and mRNA levels associated with albuminuria and nephropathy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: studies in obese fa/fa Zucker rats.; 1. The obese fa/fa Zucker rat is a genetic model of obesity and insulin resistance which develops a number of metabolic and endocrine features of non-insulin-dependent diabetes, including hypertension, proteinuria and glomerular sclerosis. 2. We have investigated the urinary excretion of the metabolites of thromboxane (thromboxane B2) and prostacyclin (6-keto prostaglandin F1 alpha), and of endothelin and cyclic GMP as markers for changes in the balance of renal haemodynamic factors in the obese Zucker rat. 3. Obese fa/fa Zucker rats were hypertensive compared with their lean counterparts (161 +/- 3 and 138 +/- 3 mmHg respectively, P < 0.01); obese animals were also markedly proteinuric (16.7 +/- 6.7 versus 1.1 +/- 0.1 mg/ml) and albuminuric (8.3 +/- 2.9 versus 0.4 +/- 0.25 mg/ml) and excreted less creatinine than lean animals (all P < 0.01). Urinary excretion of endothelin was greater in obese rats (123 +/- 24 versus 62 +/- 10 pg/15 h, P < 0.05) as was the level of pre-proendothelin mRNA, but excretion of cyclic GMP was depressed (12.5 +/- 1.6 versus 27.2 +/- 3.1 nmol/ 15 h, P < 0.01). Histological examination of kidneys from obese animals showed evidence of focal glomerulosclerosis and cortical tubular damage. 4. These results show that increased urinary endothelin is associated with proteinuria and early stage nephropathy in this animal model of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. This finding, coupled with a decreased excretion of cyclic GMP, suggests that these increased renal vasoconstrictor/vasodilator forces might contribute to the renal functional changes in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Regulation of obese (ob) mRNA and plasma leptin levels in rhesus monkeys. Effects of insulin, body weight, and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; We have cloned the rhesus monkey obese cDNA and have analyzed its expression in monkeys with a wide range of body weights (lean to very obese) and with or without non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus to examine the relationship of ob gene expression to obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. The sequence of monkey ob protein, excluding the signal peptide, showed 91% identity with the human protein. We observed a significant correlation between the level of ob mRNA and body weight. We also found a significant relationship between ob mRNA and fasting plasma insulin concentration; however, insulin stimulation during a 100-140-min euglycemic/hyperinsulinemic clamp did not result in any changes in ob mRNA levels. Circulating levels of the ob gene product leptin were also significantly correlated with body weight. These results show that ob gene expression is related to body weight and is not acutely regulated by insulin.
Frequency of diabetes in family members of probands with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: To describe the prevalence of known diabetes in a multi-ethnic community in South Auckland, New Zealand, in relation to family history of diabetes and past history of diabetes in pregnancy., DESIGN: A cross-sectional, household survey comparing ascertainment with local general practice diabetes registers where they existed., SETTING: An inner-city community with a high proportion of Maori, Pacific Islands people and Europeans., SUBJECTS: A total of 55,518 residents (91% response). Comparison with diabetes registers showed 91% ascertainment of known diabetic residents. More detailed interviews with 176/214 (82%) Europeans, 286/336 (85%) Maori and 495/585 (85%) Pacific Islands people with known diabetes. Fifty subjects had insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus on clinical criteria and were excluded from analyses., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Prevalence of diabetes., RESULTS: Those with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus were more likely to have a diabetic mother than father (Europeans, 21.7% vs. 9.9%; Maori, 17.6 vs. 11.4%; Pacific Islands, 15.7 vs. 5.3%). Diabetic women had a similar likelihood of having a diabetic father as diabetic men but were 1.84 times as likely to have a diabetic mother (95% CI, 1.27-2.69). Diabetic women with past diabetes in pregnancy had 2.05 (95% CI, 1.01-4.15) times the chance of a diabetic offspring as women who had not had past diabetes in pregnancy, who in turn had 2.69 (95% CI, 1.17-6.18) times the likelihood of having a diabetic offspring as diabetic men., CONCLUSIONS: The mother is a more important conduit for inheritance of diabetes than the father in these three ethnic groups. A history of diabetes in pregnancy confers an extra risk to the offspring above this usual maternal excess.
Early stages of diabetes mellitus in first-degree relatives of insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetics.; This work deals with preclinical stages of diabetes mellitus in 494 first-degree relatives of insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetics: 182 parents and 66 siblings of diabetic children, 176 offspring of diabetic mothers and in 70 offspring of both non-insulin-dependent diabetic parents. In these persons the family history, oral glucose tolerance test and insulin secretion were studied, blood levels of lipids and fibrinogen were investigated, neurological examination was performed, the neurocirculatory deviations and changes on the fundus were observed and HLA antigens were typed in comparison with the control groups. Long-term follow-up proved, that offspring of both non-insulin-dependent diabetic parents are the most homogenous group. Fluctuating development of abnormalities of glucose tolerance during a long period from a relative early age of 30-40 years with primary insulin resistance, compensatory hyperinsulinism and its delayed secretion and later with relative insulin deficiency are characteristic. Such development is associated with an increase body weight and of blood pressure and often with elevated lipid and fibrinogen levels.
Prediction of glucose response to weight loss in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Although diet therapy is considered the cornerstone of therapy for obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, losing weight is often difficult, and the plasma glucose concentration does not always improve after weight loss. We looked for predictors of improvement in plasma glucose levels after weight loss in 135 obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus who had lost at least 9.1 kg of body weight. After weight loss there was a bimodal distribution of plasma glucose levels, allowing us to identify patients as "responders" or "nonresponders" according to whether a random plasma glucose level was above or below 10.0 mmol/L after a 9.1-kg weight loss. Fifty-five (41%) of 135 patients were responders (after a 9.1-kg weight loss, the mean +/- SEM plasma glucose level was 7.0 +/- 0.2 mmol/L). Many responders had improved plasma glucose levels after only slight weight loss. Eighty (59%) of 135 patients were nonresponders (after a 9.1-kg weight loss, the mean +/- SEM plasma glucose level was 18.3 +/- 0.6 mmol/L). Although the responder and nonresponder groups were comparable in age, sex distribution, plasma glucose levels, and body weight at initial presentation, improvement in the plasma glucose level after weight loss could be predicted by a plasma glucose level of 10.0 mmol/L or lower after 2.3-kg (62% positive predictive value) and 4.5-kg (79% positive predictive value) weight loss. We conclude that, in contrast to conventional teaching, many patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus will not have any improvement in plasma glucose levels after a 9.1-kg weight loss. However, a substantial minority (approximately 40%) of obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus have much lower plasma glucose levels with a weight loss of 9.1 kg or less. Although the plasma glucose response to weight loss cannot be forecast by initial clinical parameters, the success or failure of diet therapy can be predicted from the plasma glucose level after a weight loss of only 2.3 to 4.5 kg. Mild or moderately obese patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus who remain hyperglycemic after a weight loss of 2.3 to 9.1 kg are unlikely to improve with further weight loss and should be considered for treatment with insulin or oral hypoglycemic agents.
Obesity and heredity in the etiology of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in 32,662 adult white women.; Obesity and family history of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus were examined in a cross-sectional study of 32,662 white women in the United States and Canada who were members of the TOPS (Take Off Pounds Sensibly) Club, Inc., with respect to the association between these two factors and the prevalence of diabetes by using questionnaire data originally collected in 1969. A family history index based upon the reported presence of diabetes among siblings, parents, and grandparents was used to grade hereditary factors on a scale of zero to five. The ratio of actual to ideal weight was used to categorize levels of obesity. The prevalence of diabetes increased consistently with increasing levels of either obesity or family history. The two factors appear to present independent risks for diabetes. Among women with no family history of diabetes, the odds ratio for diabetes associated with a weight 75 per cent or more above ideal in comparison with a weight less than 10 per cent above ideal was 7.2. Among women who were less than 10 per cent above ideal weight for their height, a comparison between women with a family history index of 1.5 or greater and women with no family history of the disease showed an odds ratio for diabetes of 6.0. Women with both risk factors (family history index of 1.5 or greater and relative weight of 1.75 or greater) had an overall odds ratio for diabetes of 22.8 when compared with women who had no family history of diabetes and a weight less than 10 per cent above ideal. Further analysis showed the combination of these factors to have a positive synergistic effect. The interaction follows a multiplicative pattern.
[Essential arterial hypertension in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus during and after balneotherapy followed-up for 6 years].; The statistical correlations between body weight, glycemia, total lipids, cholesterol in 200 patients with essential hypertension, especially borderline essential hypertension, followed up for 6 years indicate that the complex environmental factors in Slanic-Moldova Health Resort associated with balneotherapy may induce a return to normal values of the above mentioned parameters. Good results were also obtained in the patients with essential hypertension and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, their treatment including reduction diets (1200-1400 calories/day).
Effects of enzyme induction therapy on glucose and drug metabolism in obese mice model of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; We evaluated the effects of phenobarbital, an inducer, on plasma glucose and serum immunoreactive insulin levels and on hepatic glucose and drug metabolism using an animal model of non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. Genetically obese (ob/ob) mice, characterized by hyperglycaemia, hyperinsulinaemia, fatty liver and obesity were selected. The impairment of diabetic state with age was associated with increased activities of NADPH producing enzymes, whereas mixed function oxidase system remained unaltered. Phenobarbital reduced serum immunoreactive insulin and plasma glucose levels and decreased gluconeogenesis. Hepatic glucose phosphorylating enzyme activity increased and glucose releasing enzyme activity decreased. The demand for NADPH in drug oxidation reactions, caused by the induction phenomenon, was reflected in the elevated activities of the NADPH producing enzymes in pentose phosphate pathway and in the activities of isocitrate dehydrogenase and malic enzyme from mitochondrial oxidation reactions. Glucose metabolism of lean littermates indicated that phenobarbital induction normalizes impaired intracellular glucose handling but leaves normal glucose metabolism unaltered. Hepatic glucose production rate was related to plasma glucose, NADPH producing enzyme activities and cytochrome P450 content in the obese and lean mice.
Insulin receptor binding and metabolic effects of insulin in human subcutaneous adipose tissue in untreated non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Insulin action at the target tissue level in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus was investigated using human adipose tissue. Specific adipocyte receptor binding of insulin and the effects of the hormone on glucose oxidation and lipolysis were determined in subcutaneous adipose tissue. The study included 25 patients with untreated non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and 38 healthy control subjects matched for age, sex and body weight. Insulin stimulated adipose tissue glucose oxidation in a dose-dependent way in the control subjects. On the other hand, a marked inhibition of this insulin effect was observed in the diabetics. A weak stimulation was observed only at high unphysiological hormone concentrations [greater than or equal to 0.7 nmol/l] and the maximal insulin response was 6 times lower than that in the control subjects. However, neither specific insulin receptor binding nor the antilipolytic effect of insulin were inhibited in diabetes. Similar results with insulin binding and the metabolic effects of insulin were obtained in non-obese normoinsulinemic diabetics as compared to moderately obese hyperinsulinemic diabetics. It is concluded that adipose tissue insulin resistance in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus only involves glucose metabolism and not antilipolysis. Furthermore, it may solely be due to postreceptor defects in insulin action and seems not to be influenced by obesity or oversecretion of insulin.
Glycosylated hemoglobin in the diagnosis of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Fifty-one patients aged over 35 yr were referred because of glycosuria for a glucose tolerance test (GTT). In each patient hemoglobin A1 (HbA1) was estimated by a commercial minicolumn method and compared with hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) determined by a modification of the method of Trivelli et al. Both HbA1 and HbA1c levels were normal in 96% of those patients with normal GTTs. In patients with diabetic GTTs, HbA1 was elevated in 90% but HbA1c was raised in only 43%. HbA1 estimation is a useful screening test for non-insulin-dependent diabetes and should be considered when criteria for diagnosis of diabetes mellitus are discussed.
Lipid metabolism in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: effect of glipizide therapy.; Plasma lipid concentration and lipoprotein composition were studied before and after several months of glipizide treatment in 23 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. The mean (+/- SEM) plasma glucose level fell 87 mg/dL, and the fall in plasma glucose concentration was correlated with a reduction in plasma triglyceride, very low-density lipoprotein triglyceride, cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. Furthermore, there was a statistically significant increase in the plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol to total cholesterol ratio. Thus, improved diabetic control in patients treated with glipizide with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus leads to changes in lipoprotein metabolism thought to be beneficial in terms of known cardiovascular risk factors.
HLA antigens in four Pacific populations with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; HLA antigen distributions in persons with normal and abnormal glucose tolerance were compared in four Pacific populations. The populations included Melanesians from the Fijian Islands, Loyalty Islands and mainland New Caledonia and Polynesians from the Wallis Islands. HLA-DR results are provided for the first time for Pacific groups. In Polynesians, HLA-B22 was increased in frequency in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and also in persons with impaired glucose tolerance. However, the association was not statistically significant when corrected for the number of antigens tested. A similar increase in HLA-B22, although not significant, was seen in each of the three Melanesian populations with abnormal glucose tolerance. No other consistent increase in any HLA antigen occurred in persons with abnormal plasma glucose concentrations.
Insulin responses to nonglucose stimuli in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus during a tolbutamide infusion.; To determine the effect of tolbutamide on insulin release to nonglucose stimuli in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and how plasma glucose levels may modulate this effect, the acute insulin response (AIR) to an isoproterenol (12 Micrograms) or an arginine (5 g) i.v. pulse was determined before and during a tolbutamide infusion (7.5 mg/m2/min) in 25 male subjects. During the tolbutamide infusion, there was an increase in the AIR to both isoproterenol (% delta AIR = +49 +/- 21%, N = 11, P less than 0.05) and arginine (% delta AIR = +52 +/- 15%, N = 12, P less than 0.005) and a decrease in plasma glucose (delta plasma glucose for isoproterenol = -24 +/- 6 mg/dl, P less than 0.005; for arginine = -26 +/- 3 mg/dl, P less than 0.001). In separate studies, when the plasma glucose was clamped at baseline values by a variable rate of glucose infusion, there was a greater effect of tolbutamide on AIR when compared with the unclamped tolbutamide studies (isoproterenol: % delta AIR = +132 +/- 25%, P less than 0.025; arginine: % delta AIR = +95 +/- 12%, P less than 0.05). Thus, tolbutamide increases the AIR of nonglucose stimuli, but this augmentation by tolbutamide is blunted by the concomitant decrease in plasma glucose. Consideration of this observation is necessary when interpretating the effects of a sulfonylurea on islet cell responses.
Serum metformin levels in Nigerians with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; 'Steady state' serum concentrations of metformin have been measured in sixteen Nigerians with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. There was a thirty-eight-fold variation in the serum levels (50-1886 ng/ml). The mean serum level of metformin was 512 +/- 485.2 ng/ml. This compared favourably with the mean levels (382.3 +/- 76.9 ng/ml) obtained in a similar study in Italians. The observed levels however fell far short of those expected in patients on 1-5 g metformin daily. The role of poor bioavailability vis-a-vis poor patient compliance deserves further detailed pharmacokinetic study.
A novel (TA)n polymorphism in the hexokinase II gene: application to noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the Pima Indians.; Hexokinase II, one member of a family of structurally similar enzymes that catalyze the phosphorylation of glucose in the 6-position, has been suggested to play a role in the pathophysiology of noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). The gene for hexokinase II, HK2, has been previously mapped to human chromosome 2p13 by fluorescence in situ hybridization, and two-point linkage analysis has placed it near the locus for transforming growth factor alpha, TGFA. We now report the characterization of a (TA)n polymorphism in intron 12 of HK2. Using multipoint analysis of CEPH family genotypes, we have determined the most likely locus order to be cen-D2S169-[D2S286-HK2]-[D2S145-D2S291]-[+ ++D2S45-D2S101-TGFA]-tel. As HKII is a candidate gene that could contribute to the manifestation of insulin resistance and NIDDM, we genotyped 1152 Pima Indians, a Native American tribe that has the highest reported prevalence of NIDDM in the world. Although we did not detect any linkage or association of HK2 with insulin resistance or NIDDM in the Pima Indians, the polymorphism and detailed mapping of HK2 described in this report should prove useful in the assessment of the role of this gene in the predisposition to NIDDM in other populations.
Treatment of noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with enzyme inducers.; Although treated adequately with antidiabetic drugs, diet, exercise, and education, patients with noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) may develop resistance to treatment. In NIDDM hepatic microsomal enzyme activity is reduced and since postreceptional glucose metabolism is influenced by these enzymes, we treated the subjects with enzyme-inducing drugs. These inducers (phenobarbital and medroxyprogesterone acetate) when added as adjuvant therapy to sulfonyl urea regimen, reduced blood glucose and plasma insulin, and increased microsomal enzyme activity (as indicated by increased antipyrine metabolism). A trial with placebo did not alter serum glucose levels. Body weight fell and serum aminotransferase levels were normalized. These changes were reflected by reduction of liver fat content (determined by light microscopy), by increased surface density of smooth endoplasmic reticulum, and by repairation of the plasma cell membrane of hepatocytes, as seen in electron micrographs. Activation of postreceptional events in hepatocytes may thus be a new approach in the treatment of therapy-resistant type II diabetes.
Sex-specific associations of serum selenium and selenoprotein P with type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypertension in the Berlin Aging Study II.; BACKGROUND: Selenium is essential for expression and proper function of a set of redox active selenoproteins implicated in aging-relevant diseases, e.g. type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) and hypertension. However, data in cohorts of older adults, particularly with respect to different Se biomarkers and sex-specific analyses are sparse., OBJECTIVE: To assess associations of serum Se and selenoprotein P (SELENOP) concentrations with T2D and hypertension in a cohort of older females and males., METHODS: This study included 1500 participants from the Berlin Aging Study II. Diagnosis of T2D was made in case of antidiabetic medication, self-reported T2D, or laboratory parameters. Diagnosis of hypertension was based on self-report, blood pressure measurement, or anti-hypertensive medication. Se was measured by spectroscopy, and SELENOP by ELISA. Multiple adjusted regression models quantified dose-dependent associations., RESULTS: Participants had a median(IQR) age of 68 (65,71) years, and 767 (51%) were women. 191 (13%) participants had T2D and 1126 (75%) had hypertension. Se and SELENOP correlated significantly (r = 0.59, p < 0.001), and were elevated in those with self-reported Se supplementation. Serum Se and SELENOP were not associated with T2D in the whole cohort. In men, SELENOP was positively associated with T2D, OR (95%CI) for one mg/L increase in SELENOP was 1.22 (1.00,1.48). Se was non-linearly associated with hypertension, comparing to the lowest quartile (Q1), and participants with higher Se levels (Q3) had a lower OR (95%CI) of 0.66 (0.45,0.96), which was specific for men. SELENOP positively associated with hypertension, and OR (95%CI) per one mg/L increase was 1.15 (1.01,1.32)., CONCLUSIONS: The data suggest a sex-specific interrelationship of Se status with T2D and hypertension, with apparent biomarker-specific associations. Copyright © 2023 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
HLA class II is associated with the frequency of glutamic acid decarboxylase M(r) 65,000 autoantibodies in Japanese patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Autoantibodies to glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD65Ab) are common in both caucasian and Japanese patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type 1), while the type 1-associated HLA haplotypes differ. In the present study, we analyzed GAD65Ab in relation to HLA-DQ and -DR alleles in Japanese type 1 patients. GAD65Ab were found in 58% short-duration (less than 5 years) type 1, 23% long-duration type 1, 56% slowly progressive type 1, 3% type 2 patients, and 1.7% healthy individuals. In 75 HLA-typed type 1 patients, the GAD65Ab frequency was higher in short-duration patients with DRB1*08 allele (100%, Pc < 0.05). GAD65Ab frequencies in DQB1*0302, DQB1*0303, and DRB1*09-positive, long-duration type 1 patients were lower than those in short-duration type 1 patients (14%, 19%, and 20%, Pc < 0.02 compared with short-duration type 1, 90%, 75%, and 71%, respectively), while the frequency varied less in DQB1*04 individuals (44% and 30% in short- and long-duration type 1 patients, respectively). These findings were also observed among patients with DRB1*04, i.e., the haplotype DRB1*0405-DQB1*0401 showed less variation in frequency of GAD65Ab (44% and 35% in short- and long-duration type 1 patients, respectively), while DRB1*04xx-DQB1*0302 showed lower frequency in long-duration type 1 than short-duration (13% and 100%, respectively). Thus, HLA class II is associated with frequency GAD65Ab, and this association might be affected by disease duration in Japanese type 1 patients.
Sex differences in pain-related behavior and expression of calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II in dorsal root ganglia of rats with diabetes type 1 and type 2.; Sex differences in pain-related behavior and expression of calcium/calmodulin dependent protein kinase II (CaMKII) in dorsal root ganglia were studied in rat models of Diabetes mellitus type 1 (DM1) and type 2 (DM2). DM1 was induced with 55mg/kg streptozotocin, and DM2 with a combination of high-fat diet and 35mg/kg of streptozotocin. Pain-related behavior was analyzed using thermal and mechanical stimuli. The expression of CaMKII was analyzed with immunofluorescence. Sexual dimorphism in glycemia, and expression of CaMKII was observed in the rat model of DM1, but not in DM2 animals. Increased expression of total CaMKII (tCaMKII) in small-diameter dorsal root ganglia neurons, which are associated with nociception, was found only in male DM1 rats. None of the animals showed increased expression of the phosphorylated alpha CaMKII isoform in small-diameter neurons. The expression of gamma and delta isoforms of CaMKII remained unchanged in all analyzed animal groups. Different patterns of glycemia and tCaMKII expression in male and female model of DM1 were not associated with sexual dimorphism in pain-related behavior. The present findings do not suggest sex-related differences in diabetic painful peripheral neuropathy in male and female diabetic rats. Copyright © 2012 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
Complementary insulin therapy improves blood glucose and serum lipid parameters in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients. II. Effects on serum lipids, lipoproteins and apoproteins.; The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effects of complementary insulin therapy, consisting of a single dose of 1 to 8 units of shortacting insulin before each meal (4-6x daily) and sometimes at 02.30 h, on concentrations of serum lipids, lipoproteins and apoproteins in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients, unsatisfactorily controlled either by oral hypoglycemic agents (OHA) or by longacting insulin 1-2x daily (INS 1-2). Compared means +/- SD. Patients on INS 1-2 (n = 82) had better baseline glycemic control than patients on OHA (n = 68) (HbAlc: 9.33 +/- 1.76% vs. 10.59 +/- 1.83%, p < 0.001 and fructosamine: 3.34 +/- 0.74 mmol/l vs. 3.85 +/- 0.84 mmol/l, p < 0.001) and serum triglyceride concentrations (3.03 +/- 2.05 mmol/l vs. 4.95 +/- 4.48 mmol/l, p < 0.001), in spite of longer duration of diabetes (13.35 +/- 8.07 years vs. 10.1 +/- 6.9 years, p < 0.001). After 8-10 weeks of complementary insulin therapy, OHA patients (n = 33) improved both the glycemic control (HbA1c: 10.5 +/- 1.78% vs. 9.0 +/- 1.75%, p < 0.001) and fructosamine: 4.0 +/- 0.85 mmol/l vs. 3.5 +/- 0.76 mmol/l, p < 0.001) and most of the lipid parameters (decreased serum triglyceride: 5.8 +/- 5.64 mmol/l vs. 3.6 +/- 4.69 mmol/l, p < 0.001, total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol: 6.8 +/- 3.13 vs. 5.6 +/- 2.23, p < 0.01 and increased HDL-cholesterol: 1.0 +/- 0.30 mmol/l vs. 1.2 +/- 0.30 mmol/l, p < 0.001, apo AI: 1.6 +/- 0.26 g/l vs. 1.8 +/- 0.28 g/l, p < 0.001, LpAI particles: 0.6 +/- 0.1 g/l vs. 0.7 +/- 0.12 g/l, p < 0.001 and LDL-cholesterol/apo B: 2.1 +/- 0.67 vs. 2.7 +/- 0.67, p < 0.001). In patients previously on INS 1-2x (n = 34), complementary insulin therapy with reduced dose of insulin per day (49.6 +/- 22.5 U/d vs. 36.6 +/- 13.3 U/d, p < 0.001) did not further improve glycemic control but improved the number of proatherogenic and antiatherogenic lipoprotein particles (decreased apo B: 1.7 +/- 0.52 g/l vs. 1.5 +/- 0.94 g/l, p < 0.01, apo AI/Lp AI: 2.9 +/- 1.01 vs. 2.3 +/- 0.98, p < 0.01 and increased Lp AI particles: 0.6 +/- 0.10 g/l vs. 0.7 +/- 0.12 g/l, p < 0.0001); BMI also decreased (29.4 +/- 4.28 kg/m2 vs. 28.9 +/- 4.24 kg/m2, p < 0.05). These results demonstrate that complementary insulin therapy probably induces antiatherogenic lipoprotein changes in NIDDM patients previously treated by either OHA or INS 1-2x. Thus, this type of therapy should be used more often and start earlier, and should be preferred to longacting insulins.
[Effect of alcohol extract of Cornus officinalis Sieb. et Zucc on GLUT4 expression in skeletal muscle in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic mellitus rats].; OBJECTIVE: Based on its effects of decreasing postprandial plasma glucose and increasing insulin level in non-insulin-dependent diabetic mellitus (NIDDM) rats, we studied the effects of Alcohol extract of Cornus officinalis Sieb. et Zucc on the GLUT4 expression in NIDDM model rats., METHOD: The rat model of NIDDM was made. The animals were divided into three groups(six for each group): group I: control; group II: NIDDM model; group III: NIDDM model + Cornus officinalis Sieb. et Zucc. The drug was given orally to animals one time a day, uninterrupted for a month. The GLUT4 mRNA and its protein expression in skeletal muscle were observed with Northern blot and Western blot method, respectively., RESULT: The GLUT4 mRNA expression in skeletal muscle was decreased remarkably in NIDDM rats (P < 0.01, compared to control group). Alcohol extract of Cornus officinalis Sieb. et Zucc increased GLUT4 mRNA expression in NIDDM rats(P < 0.01), compared to NIDDM model group). The result of GLUT4 protein expression was similar to GLUT4 mRNA expression., CONCLUSION: This experiment demonstrated that alcohol extract of Cornus officinalis Sieb. et Zucc can increase GLUT4 mRNA and its protein expression in NIDDM rats through promoting proliferation of islet and increasing postprandial secretion of insulin and therefore accelerate glucose transport.
Prevalence of coronary risk factors in non-insulin dependent (type 2) diabetics.; OBJECTIVES: A cross sectional study was conducted to find the prevalence of coronary risk factors in non-insulin dependent diabetic (NIDDM) patients and to compare and co-relate these risk factors in type II diabetics with and without electrocardiographic and/or symptomatic evidence of coronary heart disease (CHD)., METHODS: One hundred sixty-seven consecutive NIDDM patients (77 males, and 90 females) attending the diabetic clinic at Dr. RML Hospital, New Delhi were studied. Only known NIDDM cases, already on treatment and without any history of ketosis or congestive heart failure were included. Coronary risk factors comprising of age, gender, duration and treatment for diabetes, smoking, physical activity, hypertension, truncal obesity, lipids, microalbuminuria (semiquantitative) and glycemic control have been particularly ascertained in all the cases. The data was analysed using 'Epi Info version 6.0'., RESULTS: The mean age of patients was 53.12 year and 8.86 year was the mean duration of diabetes. 28.6% of the diabetic men were found to be currently smoking and/or consuming alcohol, 82% were involved in sedentary physical activity and 20.4% had family history of CHD. Central obesity was observed in 46.7% of the cases; more so in females. 31.74% of cases were hypertensive; more females than males had hypertension (33.8% vs 30%). Poor glycemic control (HbA1c > = 9.5%) was seen in 16.8% of the cases. In about 52.5% of the total group hypertriglyceridemia was noted. Microalbuminuria could be found in 35.93%. CHD was diagnosed in 15.57% of cases in this study., CONCLUSIONS: The present study revealed that high levels of serum cholesterol (p = 0.000004), LDL (p = 0.00003), HbA1c (p = 0.002), microalbuminuria (p = 0.000006) and hypertension (p = 0.00006) are significant associates of CHD in NIDDM (both the sexes). Among the female NIDDM cases, in addition BMI (p = 0.01), Waist-hip ratio (WHR) (p = 0.003) and low HDL level (p = 0.008) are important correlates of CHD. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to allow for confounding between variables. Microalbuminuria alone entered the 'best' model for CHD prediction. Other risk factors, though significant, provided inadequate models for CHD prediction.
Mitochondrial enlargement and basement membrane thickening of renal proximal tubules, possible initiators of microalbuminuria in non-insulin-dependent diabetics (NIDDM).; To clarify the morphological changes in renal proximal tubules at the onset of diabetic nephropathy, we observed 177 biopsy samples from patients with Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetics (NIDDM) using light and electron microscopy. Group I had no proteinuria (p.u.), group II had p.u.  0.5 g/day, group IV had serum creatine level (Cr) > 1.5 mg/dl. Twenty age-matched normal patients and 80 patients with IgA nephropathy were used as controls. In groups I and II, the following features were significantly different from those in the controls: spherical enlargement of mitochondria (MT) in proximal tubule cells, hypertrophy of proximal tubule cells and their nuclei, and thickening of both the proximal tubule basement membrane (TBM) and the glomerular basement membrane (GBM). Among the histological changes observed in group I, the thickness of the GBM and TBM indicated that the disease would lead to diabetic nephropathy. MT enlargement was positively correlated with nuclear and cytoplasmic enlargement of the proximal tubule cells in diabetic patients (p < 0.05), but was not correlated with other morphological changes or disease prognosis. Glomerular nodular lesions, glomerular sclerotic change, and cortical tubulointerstitial fibrosis became evident in groups III and IV. From the above, we concluded that MT enlargement and thickening of the TBM are possible causes of reduced active transport in the proximal tubules, causing microalbuminuria in diabetics, and initial impairment of post-tubule transport.
Diabetic retinopathy and urinary albumin excretion rate in type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients.; The aim of this study was to access the associations between urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) and diabetic retinopathy and its major risk factors in 105 type II non-insulin-dependent diabetic (NIDDM) patients. In 44.7% of the patients, there were no signs of retinopathy (NR), whereas 30.4% had background (BR) and 24.7% proliferative retinopathy (PR). Patients with retinopathy, both BR and PR, were older and the duration of diabetes was longer, than in the group consisting of patients with NR. Patients with retinopathy had elevated AER (BR: 9.4 +/- 2.8 micrograms/min, PR: 19.3 +/- 1.7 micrograms/min; vs. NR: 4.3 +/- 2.1 micrograms/min, p < 0.001). Patients with retinopathy had a higher systolic blood pressure and the metabolic control was worse than those without retifiopathy. In the diabetic group as a whole, raised AER was correlated with the duration of diabetes (rs = 0.287, p < 0.01) and systolic blood pressure (rs = 0.269; p < 0.01).
Effects of chronic alcohol intake on carbohydrate and lipid metabolism in subjects with type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes.; PURPOSE: To study the effects of chronic alcohol intake on carbohydrate and lipid metabolism in subjects with non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes (NIDDM). To also evaluate the effect of alcohol withdrawal on metabolic control., PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study group consisted of 46 alcohol-consuming patients with NIDDM (NIDDM-B group), 35 non-alcohol-consuming patients with NIDDM (NIDDM group), and 40 normal control subjects. All patients were admitted to the hospital. Carbohydrate and lipid metabolism was assessed in these individuals immediately on admission to the hospital and during the following days., RESULTS: In the NIDDM-B group, blood alcohol (ethyl alcohol) concentration was very low. However, chronic alcohol intake was associated with higher fasting and postprandial glucose concentrations and higher hemoglobin A1c. No significant differences were found in C-peptide levels. Moreover, higher concentrations of 3-hydroxybutyrate and free fatty acids were observed in the NIDDM-B group than in the NIDDM group. No differences were found in triglyceride concentrations, acid-base patterns, or electrolyte levels. The metabolic effects of alcohol completely waned after 3 days of complete withdrawal., CONCLUSION: Chronic alcohol intake causes deterioration in metabolic control of persons with NIDDM. The effects induced by alcohol are completely reversed after a few days of withdrawal. Strict metabolic assessment is necessary when alcohol is an important constituent of the diet.
Alterations of maternal metabolism in normal and diabetic pregnancies: differences in insulin-dependent, non-insulin-dependent, and gestational diabetes.; In normal and diabetic pregnancies, the placenta functions as a complex endocrine gland that modulates all classes of maternal nutrients to the fetus. The metabolic alterations of normal pregnancy are diabetogenic and associated with modest resistance to endogenous insulin. Pregnant women with carbohydrate intolerance represent three metabolically heterogeneous groups: type I (insulin-dependent), type II (non-insulin-dependent), and gestational diabetes. Patients with type I diabetes are at risk for ketosis and require replacement therapy because of a deficient production of insulin. They have decreased 24-hour, around-the-clock levels of C-peptide and glucagon, and lower nocturnal cortisol values and higher 24-hour prolactin levels than those of women with type II diabetes. Type II pregnant diabetic patients are not prone to ketosis and are more resistant to endogenous and exogenous insulin. They have higher fasting and meal-stimulated levels of C-peptide, accentuated fasting hypertriglyceridemia, and significantly lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels than those of normal or type I women. In gestational diabetes, the metabolic stress of pregnancy evokes reversible hyperglycemia which may be associated with either a surfeit or a deficiency of insulin. These metabolic differences among diabetic pregnant women could have implications for placental structure and function that might influence fetal growth.
Estimated GFR decline as a surrogate end point for kidney failure: a post hoc analysis from the Reduction of End Points in Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes With the Angiotensin II Antagonist Losartan (RENAAL) study and Irbesartan Diabetic Nephropathy Trial (IDNT).; BACKGROUND: A doubling of serum creatinine value, corresponding to a 57% decline in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), is used frequently as a component of a composite kidney end point in clinical trials in type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study was to determine whether alternative end points defined by smaller declines in eGFR would improve the statistical power of these clinical trials., STUDY DESIGN: Post hoc analyses of 2 multinational randomized controlled trials (Reduction of End Points in Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes With the Angiotensin II Antagonist Losartan [RENAAL] and Irbesartan Diabetic Nephropathy Trial [IDNT]) that assessed the treatment effect of the angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) losartan and irbesartan., SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: 1,513 (RENAAL) and 1,715 (IDNT) adult patients with type 2 diabetes and nephropathy., PREDICTOR: Established versus alternative end points defined as a confirmed doubling of serum creatinine level versus confirmed eGFR decline of 57%, 40%, 30%, or 20% as a component of a composite end point of end-stage renal disease or eGFR < 15mL/min/1.73m(2)., OUTCOMES: Numbers of patients reaching end points, precision (standard error), and significance (z score) of ARB treatment effect (HR) during follow-up., RESULTS: Lesser eGFR declines resulted in a greater number of patients reaching end points in both treatment groups and lower standard error of the HR, but the effect on z score was counterbalanced by attenuation of the HR. When calculating the eGFR decline from month 3, attenuation of the HR was less pronounced., LIMITATIONS: Post hoc analysis., CONCLUSIONS: Despite increases in precision of the treatment effect, eGFR declines less than a doubling of serum creatinine value did not consistently improve statistical power of the clinical trials due to attenuation of the treatment effect. Attenuation of the treatment effect appears to be due in part to acute effects of ARBs on eGFR. These findings should be taken into account when using lesser eGFR declines as alternative end points for clinical trials. Copyright © 2014 National Kidney Foundation, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Strength training alters MCT1-protein expression and exercise-induced translocation in erythrocytes of men with non-insulin-dependent type-2 diabetes.; We investigated the cellular distribution of lactate transporter (MCT1) and its chaperone CD147 (using immunohistochemistry and fluorescence-activated cell sorting) in the erythrocytes of men with non-insulin-dependent type-2 diabetes (NIDDM, n = 11, 61 +/- 8 years of age) under acute exercise (ergometer cycling test, World Health Organisation scheme) performed before and after a 3-month strength training program. Cytosolic MCT1 distribution and membraneous CD147 density did not change after acute exercise (ergometer). After the 3-month strength training, MCT1-density was increased and the reaction of MCT1 (but not that of CD147) towards acute exercise (ergometer) was altered. MCT1 localisation was shifted from the centre to the cellular membrane. This resulted in a decrease in the immunohistochemically measured cytosolic MCT1-density. We conclude that strength training alters the acute exercise reaction of MCT1 but not that of CD147 in erythrocytes in patients with NIDDM. This reaction may contribute to long-term normalisation and stabilisation of the regulation of lactate plasma concentration in NIDDM.
Effect of nifedipine, captopril and prazosin on secretory function of pancreatic beta-cells in hypertensive patients with type-2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes and in hypertensive non-diabetics.; The aim of our study was to compare the effect of captopril--the angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor, nifedipine--the calcium antagonist, and prazosin--the alpha blocker, on the secretory function of pancreatic beta-cells in hypertensive patients with NIDDM and with normal glucose tolerance. The effect of a 2-week treatment with nifedipine, captopril and prazosin upon glycaemia, serum insulin (IRI) and C-peptide (CP) following oral and intravenous glucose load were investigated in three groups, each including 10 non-diabetic patients with essential hypertension (h) and 10 hypertensive type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetics (h + d), aged 32-63 years. Nifedipine produced increase in glycaemia in the oral test in both groups. In the (h) group, but not in the (h + d) group, the drug caused reduction of the glucose-dependent increases in serum IRI and CP, more marked with respect to CP, as expressed by the decrease in the molar serum CP/IRI ratio. These results indicate that in non-diabetic patients, nifedipine reduces the early response of beta-cells to glucose, but this effect is partly compensated by a decreased insulin uptake by the liver. In patients with type 2 diabetes, this phenomenon does not become manifest because of absence or reduction in the early glucose-dependent insulin release. After captopril, lower values of glycaemia and serum IRI and CP were observed in both groups suggesting an improvement of insulin sensitivity. In conclusion, nifedipine has a small influence, and captopril and prazosin are devoided of any influence on the secretory function of pancreatic beta-cells. These drugs may be recommended for the treatment of hypertension in patients with type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes.
Occurrence of low blood glucose concentrations during the afternoon in type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients on oral hypoglycaemic agents: importance of blood glucose monitoring.; The European NIDDM Policy Group states that the lowest target for good control of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetic patients is a blood glucose level 4.4 mmol/l, both fasting and postprandially. The aim of this study is to evaluate the occurrence and temporal distribution of values under this target in the clinical records of 463 Type 2 diabetic patients, treated by diet or diet and oral hypoglycaemic agents, monitored for at least 2 years. The protocol includes blood glucose measurements after overnight fasting (08.00 hours), 120-150 min after breakfast (11.00 hours) and 120 and 240 min after lunch (14.00 and 16.00 hours). At least one blood glucose concentration of less than 4.4 mmol/l was presented by 42% of the patients. The only difference between patients showing and not showing glycaemic levels under this target was the higher percentage on oral hypoglycaemic agents in the first group (68.4% vs 56.9%, p = 0.016). We considered 299 blood glucose profiles containing at least one value of less than 4.4 mmol/l, observing that a) 46.9% of profiles from patients treated by diet alone and 68.7% of profiles from patients treated both by diet and oral hypoglycaemic agents presented the lowest blood glucose concentration at 16.00 hours (p = 0.002). b) No correlation existed between fasting blood glucose and values at 16.00 hours in profiles from diet-treated patients, whereas a negative correlation was present in patients on diet and oral hypoglycaemic agents, indicating that an excess of oral agents, administered to correct fasting hyperglycaemia, was the cause of the low glycaemic values in the afternoon.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
